You don't lose your old license. Your key is still fine, don't worry 😊. You'll probably need to install fresh again though. No downgrading
Eye contact is not just "eye contact" though, and some people don't realize this. Often you can tell when someone is making eye contact just to make eye contact, and often they have these unnatural, big wide-open eyes that are clearly strained. Or, while you are "trying" to make eye contact, they make eye contact with you, and then you shift your mannerism somehow, or your eyes get larger, or whatever, even in the most subtle way, to their eyes, makes it come off as creepy. Eye contact is important, but it needs to be natural, and this is a hard challenge for a lot of people. Also, natural eye contact is not 100% staring into their eyes, no one does that naturally. It's looking at their eyes, but letting your eyes wander a little to their lips, or you looking away while you think of a response. This is more natural. I have a friend who doesn't get this and you can tell he is trying to have eye contact, but instead he just eye fucks you because of the never ending "stare." And that is the key-word, good eye contact is NOT staring, it is like I said, looking in their eyes, but not penetrating their eyes, not being afraid to look at their lips or something else when you think. Looking at their eyes can be great, especially with someone of the opposite sex, but if you are going to molest their eyes with your eyes, it better be with someone who you know there is a good vibe with between each other. Hoverer, I don't know. This usually just means people don't want you to be "in" on their conversation, but you hang around anyway, missing the social ques. This could be fore many reasons why they may not want this, but typically if someone is already engaged in a conversation, and you show up, if they don't immediately bring you into it, after the initial "hey how's it going?" then just move on. I mean, you might say, "What's new?" and then if it doesn't go beyond a "not much..." then you just say, "Oh just wanted to say hey, don't want to interrupt your conversation. I'll see you guys later!" Then move on. Hoverers don't get the social que and still hang around. I am not saying this is your case, but the situation is situational. You can be the most popular person around, but doesn't mean that a certain conversation is meant for you to be a part of. Not everyone wants you to be a part of every conversation, so don't take it as a personal sleight against you if they don't want you to be. The popular person gets this, understands this, and moves on quickly. No lingering, no awkward pauses, just, "See you later!" But, if you are asking yourself why you may not be the person that gets brought into the conversations, there are many reasons this could be. It's true what others have said, being attractive helps, but that's not really it. All that does is help you jump through a few hoops. If you are still "weird" then people will catch on soon enough no matter how good looking you are. A lot of it has to do with because people don't think you have something to bring to the conversation. People enjoy others who have an interesting life, have interesting stories to share, or things they can relate to with. If you are NEVER the person to talk about cool things you did that weekend, or places you went, or relevant things to others, and being able to do so in an interesting way, it is harder for them to even care sharing with you about anything. My go-to success in social situations is to have your own interesting things about yourself, but to spend 90% of the time talking about things they care about. See them talking about something? Ask them a cool question about it, show interest in their topic. Focus on them and they love you. Again, this needs to be natural and you need to show sincere interest, and questions can't be technical and just for gaining info, but more along the lines of, "Oh wow, that sounds like it was so fun, did you manage to do this too when you did it?!" As just a brief example... Ultimately though, the key is to being able to predict how other people might react to what you say and do, and being able to do that on the fly, without thinking about it much. Meaning, if I act a certain way and I do a certain thing, what are these people going to think? Being able to "know" how people will react rather than just guess or try to think how they will is the highest quality to have that will help you succeed in socialisms more. It allows flexibility, the ability to discern people's different personalities and how to react to each one appropriately. It will allow you to more quickly catch the social ques because you can discern what others might be thinking. Some of this comes from experience, but much of it just comes from self-awareness. This is all easier said than done, and it is hard to say it is something that can be "practiced." Why? Because much of it you can't really... However, the important thing is this... If YOU like yourself, and you know what you want in your life, and are going for it, then you will have the self-confidence to be that kind of person. Just know what you want out of life and go for it. If you don't, that's step one. You can't go any further if you are just gonna doubt yourself. The reality is that it all falls back on you and you CAN and absolutely will become someone that is likable and successful, in whatever way that definition of success matters to you, but you first gotta believe in yourself that one, you are not some creep, because you're not, and then go from there. Social anxiety is a very real and common thing, but you're not doomed with it from birth. Much of it is learned... So, unlearn it. It takes time, but all of a sudden you look back and you realize how different you are socially, but at the same time, never lost who you are inside. I have confidence that you'll figure it out!
This is cool, but wouldn't it just be more efficient for them to just refund the difference?
But, the base could easily be turned into just a skeleton crew, with significantly smaller programs only. They will lose outon hundreds of millions, likely billions over some years of we can't get that plane here. The sound is really not that bad and the planes even have protocols to follow when flying over residential so it's not deafening anyway. The A-10 program is not gonna last much longer and the F 35 future proofs us. No other program they bring here is even closer to the scale and size, not to mention that the whole "could bring other programs here" doesn't even mean they will. IF Tucson residents annoy em enough, that might just scratch the base off the list completely for anything. All I can say is it would be a tragedy if Tucson loses this...
OMG, and you know what? Who does wallstreet really want on the ticket? Hillary OR Bush... They want them so bad. Why does Bush even have a chance? Why do they keep bringing him up? I don't even know any Republicans that want a 3rd Bush. But Hillary, really!? That lady has so much baggage it's insane. Can anyone really say they could trust Hillary? No. Yet, I feel like I could trust Rand Paul. Hell, I feel like I could trust Bernie Sanders, even though I don't always agree with the guy, but I could trust him because you KNOW exactly what he believes in as he has been preaching it for decades. Rand Paul is the same, he actually believes in his politics. Hillary on the other hand? She is constantly lying... one cover story after another over the email things. One excuse here, another there. I can't trust her. I HATE that she is the DNC's chose establishment frontrunner. They couldn't have a worse candidate. Elizabeth Warren would run circles around her if given a chance, but nope, not the establishment's choice.
Ya, while I agree paypal is crap, you don't walk away from a business like that. The big key word is"probably" about 250k. If you are running a business, particlularly a small business, you know exactly how much you made. I ran my own small business for 5 and a half years and I could tell you exactly what my revenue was all 5 years, a couple of them being higher than his 250k. Why? Because you do everything... you track it hardcore. You file the taxes. When he is like I "sold probably 250k per year," one, implying his revenue was static year after year(BS!), but also he wasn't sure the exact amount, just kind of close? And, then he left it all cause paypal pissed him off? No way in hell us he real. But, I do concede the ebay thing. They skim you for so much money, from ebay, the fees, then paypal, before you ever even see your money in your bank account. I drifted away from them and ebay over time as a result myself too... sadly.
Oh God, ya that makes a WHOLE lot of sense. I'll start the flame on you because it's deserved. For all you know they took that photo in a parking lot or stopped at a red light. The article doesn't say the photo was "SECONDS" before the accident, they just said it was the last picture of the girls before the accident. The guy was a repeat DUI offender. That is the cause...
Except I am happy with what he did with the series, and this is coming from a Trekkie who owns his own flight cadet uniform! Seriously, I love the series and the philosophical nature of the story-telling, but I also understand that you can have a fun, visual, suspenseful movie for everyone too. The reality is that my wife never cared for the Star Trek series. My wife doesn't even like Sci-Fi. Heck, my wife doesn't even care for Star Wars, as it's "too boring" in her words. She doesn't even care for the Lord of the Rings movies, for that matter. She likes lots of things, but for some reason, these just never appealed to her. Yet, she LIKED the new Star Trek movies, both of em. Liked the 2nd one even more. I liked em too, they were fun. Maybe not as "deep" on an intellectual level as classic Star Trek, but what Abrahms did was bring Star Trek to the mainstream and I am not sure someone who LOVES Star Trek would've done this. They probably would've been more true to classic Star Trek style storytelling, which might've been good, might've not, but one thing you cannot die about the reboot is how it's breathed fresh life into the series. Anyway, I wouldn't mind the 3rd movie going back to its roots a bit more, but I have zero complaints about these 2. I think they are fun and still worth watching more than once.
But that's not what happened is it? It doesn't matter if they almost hit them or whatever... you are on a bike, you end up in people's blind spots, it happens. What is not acceptable is road rage for any reason at all. These douchebags put other drivers in danger as they weaved in and out, and then attacked this family in a car... NO EXCUSES. I don't care if they almost ran into one of em. The proper thing to do is to phone the police and maybe follow them slowly from behind whilst giving their plate number to the police. What did they do? Smash a window with a toddler in the backseat... Ya, go to jail. These guys deserve any sentencing they get. Fucking douchebags that should be off the road is what I saw.
Yup, but the Hospital still sends people without the fancy insurance the same bill though, so unless they are educated to ask for reduced pricing, the hospital will take it all if they pay it.
Imo, about the only good thing out of the ACA was the mandate that people with pre-existing conditions couldn't be denied insurance... I agree with that, and you know, I get it if insurance premiums went higher because of that. But, there is still the much more massive problem of out of control healthcare costs when I go into the Emergency room because I am dizzy and want to get checked out and leave after 3 hrs with an $8000 bill... Nothing addressed this at all... Hell, even these new insurance plans are crap. My deductable is like $6000. So, even though I have to pay roughly $500 p/month for my family's healthcare, or $6000 p/year, I still need to cover an additional $6000 before my insurance even does anything for me... I'm still out 12k, or $1000 a month, if I even have one or 2 illnesses in the family that need medical care. It's Bullshit and the ACA did nothing to address it.
I think that's a fantastic analogy!
Calc3 seems ambiguous, are we talking Diff. q or Vector calc? Both seem invaluable to me, depending on the field of programming you are going into... Not sure why a school would not require it. Keeps their graduates prepared for any direction to take in the programming world.
This is good... I honestly haven't left my Garrison in months... Seriously, screw apexis dailies. They are boring as hell. Grinding mobs for 30 minutes is NOT content. I would happily go back in the world if I could fly places again. I would LOVE to earn flying...
I was kind of thinking the same thing... The guy probably isn't a bad programmer, but got the famous mind-block in an interview, and is now over-reacting. Interview questions rarely are practical things. They are like CodingBat exercises where it just tests your comfort and prowess a little from simple to hard coding problems, be them string manipulation or recrusive things. This is a clever question because it not only tests your comfort level on recursion, but ensures you can handle a Binary tree too, something that is rather simple, but surprisingly not well understood by a huge portion of people that are programmers. A LOT of programmers out there get good with their If and While statements and some good boolean logic, but then never go to the next level of understanding some interesting data structures.
Just wanted to say, as a 10 year Warcraft veteran, long time MMO veteran, and one who has tried pretty much every big and hyped new MMO to come out since Conan, Star Wars, Rift, Wild Star, GW2, etc... FF14 is the ONLY one that has had me keep my account active. Yes, I still have my WOW account active because of my history with it, with the guild, and it's still a great game, but WOW has made a lot of "boring" gameplay decisions as of late, with ridiculously long content droughts, whilst FF14 seems to have constant "fun" content updates, seems more modernized (seriously, I can get all my professions on one character, compared to the endless alt-hopping tedious fest that Warcraft has become, even more so now that professions are so linked to the garrisons). I love FF14... great world, great production values, great music, and whilst some might hate that it is one of those few MMOs that still has a subscription model, let me just say that I find it hard to play any MMO without the subscription model these days. Why? The sub acts as a nice gate from the trolls of the internet. Yes, they still exist in all games, but in FTP, they consume the games. FF14 has a young and unbittered and helpful community. Server reputation actually matters (unlike what Warcraft has become). Working together works together... people still talk to each other in everything. Anyway, just wanted to say, if you were hesitant, just give it a try. FF14, again, is the ONLY MMO to ever keep me playing outside of Warcraft... Lots of fun!
But seriously, most people wouldn't have even gone to the theater to see it either. Most people I know that even bothered to see it ONLY watched it cause it was free online, and then after watching it all agreed, "Glad I didn't spend money on that movie." Especially since they wouldn't have anyway...
Oh gosh... I feel a strong kinship in your part "TODO: Write comments..." -- Haha, usually I put // Comments incoming soon...
You could have a refresh rate of 288hz and it wouldn't make your game more smooth if your GPU couldn't output that. The nice thing is that super high refresh rates allow you to achieve things like 3D gaming and/or reduce motion blur. These are things that even being able to run a game at 60fps is not enough. So, where gsync/freesync shine is at lower FPS. Screen tearing happens at low FPS. It technically happens at high FPS too, but because high FPS is so high you don't really notice it. At low FPS it is VERY obvious... so that is where gsync/freesync really shine. It will not really be all that useful if you even have a moderately powerful system on older games and can pull 60+ FPS. However, even the latest $500 video cards can't push the newest games like the Witcher 3 at 1440P or 4k at 60 FPS (for now lol), so for serious enthusiasts you really need this kind of adaptive sync monitor to get the smoothest experience as possible. Anyway, it's one of those things you don't realize you needed until you have it. I used to be stubborn, never really though screen tearing was all that bad, and then I was over my brother's house and saw how smooth his games were... it was weird not seeing the jitter, even on his weaker gaming system, but superior monitor. I felt a strong revelation come over me and knew that I needed something like that. So, I got myelf a Gsync monitor and never looked back. I only have 1, in a 3 monitor setup (not for triple monitor gaming but for work purposes, I only game on the gsync monitor), but oh man is it just amazing... Even better, Gsync as of the last Nvidia update a couple weeks back, now works in window'd mode (used to be fullscreen gaming only). As a big multi-tasker this was critical to me. I can't speak for freesync but tech seems similar.
This is fairly accurate, but I will also add that as a long-time pvp'r and 10 yr WOW veteran one of the biggest complaints I have with WoD is that there is nothing new... They gave us zero. Blizz put all of their eggs in one basket in WoD, Ashran, and it was a bust. Seriously, Ashran is like 90% running around to do PVE, 8% sitting around, and 2% actually engaging in PVP combat. The whole place just feels like a chore. Yes, with LFG groups sometimes you can find groups focused on running the middle road, but again, you still end up killing NPCs more than you are pvping... this is not fun. We got zero new BGs in WoD, zero new anything. Yes, they honed in the CC a bit, which I think was necessary, but exactly like you said, now everyone only has like 3 or 4 useful spells. In efforts for Blizzard to simplify the talent trees and spell bloat, the purged a TON of spells of every class. This might have worked well for PVE, but in PVP, a lot of us feel like we lost a ton of utility, a ton of choice, and ultimately, a ton of fun with the class because it essentially lowers the skill cap for so many classes. Mastering your class was a rewarding side-aspect of PVP... now it's just easier than ever. Instead of that making people want to play more though, it makes classes feel shallow, and since they have homogenized so much of the characters now, classes don't necessarily feel like they have their own flavor. I though patch 4.3 was bad in Cata, when essentially you had to be doing Heroic DS with the right trinkets and crap to even be considered for high end arena/RBG teams, and that was a mess... but nope, WoD in its current state is probably the worst state PVP has ever been in in WOW. Don't get me wrong, if you can actually get together a group of 40 people and go raid a city you can have some fun, but even blizz has successfully killed the fun of most of the because cities are lifeless now as everyone just AFKs in their garrisons. Also, cities are so overwhelmed with endless NPC respawns that it kills a bit of PVP as it is nearly impossible to take a small group into a city for small skirmishes when 100 NPC guards insta spawn on top of you...
In South Africa, or really anywhere in Africa, the wildlife reserves are called "game parks." When referring to wildlife the common saying is "game." It sounds like a hunting word to an American, but it is just the common saying everyone uses in the English spoken in SA. So, "Game reserve" or "game park" or whatever. These are fenced areas with wildlife that is not like a zoo, but basically many square miles of land fenced off for people to drive in and observe animals in their natural habitat. The largest park, Kruger National Park, is the largest game reserve in the world covering thousands of square miles of protected land. Ideally, these are supposed to be poacher free lands, but sometimes they will cut the fences to get in, especially Kruger. There ARE specific game parks built for hunters, but again, "game" is a universal word used to describe wildlife.
Ya, same situation for me... Wife has had 2 kids now, we are 31, so it's not quite as easy to find fitness time... People on here are like, "Just workout together!" Well, when you need to find a babysitter to go workout together, this doesn't work. So, we workout on opposite schedules. She likes to jog in the morning, whilst I workout before I come home from work. However, like you said, me beginning to workout was not enough for her. Raising 2 kids, losing habits, and ultimately losing motivation has made it harder to get back in the flow of things, and while she never got obese, or even close, she went from like a 110lb to 130 lbs, and it was noticeable. So again, she wasn't that far off her original weight, but enough to lose that thin figure. Anyway, when I started hitting the gym, and then I started to be interested on group bike rides on say a Saturday morning, and she saw some of the people in the group, all of a sudden she was out jogging in the mornings again. It's not like she doubted our relationship, but I think it's just a natural biological ingrained thing of the subconscious that makes woman competitive against other women.
A great example of this is Starcraft 2 which will crank your gpu into the hundreds of fps just on the main menu screen and force your gpu to hit 100% output lol...
You are right, very clever, but as a programmer with a little experience in forensic accounting, interning at a firm, ultimately pursuing the bio sciences instead, I will say that this may have worked once upon a time, but you will be easily auto-flagged for review with stuff like this, just by software analysis. This type of "structuring" is well-documented and completely red-flagged. Might even get the IRS involved, especially for any significant amount of a refund. You might get away with a few thousand dollars of this, but seriously, 9 or 10k or more, you are going to get flagged. But ya, genius idea when it was an unknown loophole.
I would also like to point out that even if they got the technology to where you could make a profit selling the SSDs that cheap, they will not sell that cheap. Demand will be too high. Enterprise SSDs that are 4 or 6TB in size still cost upwards for $5000 + each one. I remember we dropped about 9k each at my work for a nice array of a few hundred 4.8TB enterprise SSDs about a year and a half ago. A 4TB HDD is, on a good price, $120. Companies would happily pay a few thousand dollars at this point. And yes, if they can manufacture them cheaper, the price wars may eventually help drop the price, thank you Capitalism on that, but OMG, those price wars are gonna be marginal undercutting for quite a while and these companies will happily be selling a massive profits until then. There is no way in hell they would kill their huge profits by 2016 Christmas. Again, is it possible we will see the manufacturing get better and see massive manufacturing cost reductions by then? Sure... But we won't be seeing equivalent pricing for a very long time... sadly. Plus, HDDs are still rapidly reducing in price per GB as well. I know SSDs are getting cheaper, but so are HDDs, with 8TB HDDs hitting the market for like 250 bucks. By 2016 we'll be seeing 12TB HDDs, maybe more. I just don't buy this at all...
I'll upvote because we know their family as their sons were in cub scouts where I was a den leader before moving away. He is a great guy though and pretty cool as he practiced as a Navy Dentist before coming back to the US and practicing here.
It's ok, I assumed that. And, if your assumption was correct, you might have actually been right. As someone who comes from a well-off family, I absolutely see this. The wealthy in America do not feel the same pain as the rest of America. It's like as the Gas prices rose to 4 bucks a gallon a few years back, it didn't really affect rich people at all, yet it completely changed middle and lower-classes behavior because the difference of 100 or 200 bucks more a month in fees is often the difference between weather everyone is eating rice and beans or something better that month. Over the years, whilst I have seen some curb some grandiose spending a bit, at the end of the day, they are not hurting. For example, there is this one family, wonderful family, very humble. But, also very rich, like 100 million+ rich. We've been close friends for a very long time in our family to the point my wife and I even had our wedding reception in their backyard (as friends) and it was gorgeous. But, they used to have a 2 million dollar top-floor penthouse in some vacation spot in Mexico, and a 2nd Lakehouse for vacation, and a houseboat for vacation, and so on and so on... Well, they decided to tighten their belt with this recession so they sold off the penthouse they only go to a couple times a year and sold the houseboat they only ever used once, and cut back to only 1 house-maid. Are they any poorer? Not really, stocks are doing great! But, then there is me, where my family kind of believes in the "Make it on your own" thing... so while my parents are rich, my wife and I are very poor as I am still a graduate student making very little lol. The rich have made very little lifestyle changes in this great recession, whilst everyone else is hurting more than ever. Good paying jobs are SO hard to come by now. Even low-paying jobs can be hard to find at times, at least decent ones. This is where connections play such an important part, and whilst I may not be getting a big trust from my family, I still know so many of my parents friends and colleagues and it comes without question, or of the many times I rub shoulders with them, "Oh hey GeneticsGuy? Done with school yet? Nope!? Well, when you are done, come talk to me..." The inequality gap really is huge, and growing... I am a conservative Capitalist, but even I see the realities that an income inequality gap being large as being a bad thing. Even I see that corporatism and crony capitalism and behind the door deals and corrupt politicians as ruining our American system, where we have always been the strongest nation not because of the rich, but because our middle class was so huge and so strong, and once had one of the highest standards of living in the world. Now, everyone seems to be selling out to make a quick short-term buck. I've met the guys like this... the business venture capitalists that swoop in, buy out a company, strip it clean, make the remaining salaried employees take on 3 jobs worth of work, instantly return huge profits on the company in the first year, not because of increased sales, but because of lower labor reduction costs, and then keep that up for maybe 2 years then sell the company for a profit. Usually the employees just holdout, hoping things will get better, often because they have been with the company for years, only now to be turned into slaves, or restricted of their bonuses by the new management and owners. Yet, the company sells for a profit because it LOOKs more profitable. Lots of underlying troubles not easily noticeable though that may cause the company to soon unravel. You see this a lot, lots of companies get bought out, and then change hands 5 times in 8 years whilst everyone makes a big profit except for the guy at the end. It's like the corporate world is playing hot potato with companies they are destroying, hoping they don't end up last one holding it. This happens SO SO SO much right now, and it is not stopping because SO many are getting rich doing it. Anyway, I appreciate your post, I was only commenting that the fast pass was free lol, and now you sent me off and I started venting. Sorry!
This is why I would be really happy if the Democratic nominee was Bernie Sanders, and the Republican nominee was Rand Paul. Why!? Because at least the Americans would know what each candidate really believed in. Whilst you may like or dislike their personal beliefs and politics, these people are the real rogues of Washington, even though such a term has been mostly made worthless as certain politicians have "claimed" to be as such, only proving they are not. We know that Sanders is a staunch liberal and he is not ashamed of it and he doesn't pander at all. We know that Rand Paul is a staunch Conservative with very Libertarian ideas and he doesn't seem to pander at all either. In fact, when was opposing the whole Patriot Act thing recently, with his "pseudo" filibuster, front page on Fox News was "Rand Paul loses any chance of the White House..." trying to insult him for not wanting to be tough on terrorism or something, as the establishment WANTED it to pass. Notice how the news media has already chosen Hillary as the front runner? Notice how the news media has already dismissed Rand Paul as a potential candidate, even though Bernie Sanders and Rand Paul seem to resonate much more with Americans than these other potential candidates are doing right now? It's once again, like Mitt Romney and the last election. He was the establishment's chosen front runner long before the primaries were even close to being won. I remember people had to cause a lot of noise to even get Ron Paul into one of the primary debates even though he qualified, as the establishment had already dismissed him. And, when they'd do the "analysis" after saying 'who won,' they would never say, "How did Ron do?" It was always like, "I think Romney took this over Santorum" or something like that. It was like he didn't exist. Expect this exact same behavior on both sides of the isle here... the Dems against Sanders and Repubs against Paul. Again, I am not saying the others aren't sincere in their beliefs and like say, Rubio isn't a good candidate, I am just giving my personal preference because it is at least abundantly clear that Paul and Sanders are not the same kind of politicians we have been used and abused by for decades. Which honestly, is probably why they won't win, sadly. Even Glenn Beck said he'd be happier with Bernie Sanders as President than Hillary, because while he disagrees with Bernie, he still likes the guy and respects him because you know exactly what he believes and he is honest about it, no beating around the bush.
These kinds of questions are actually kind of fun so I'll try to hit your points lol. Gaming rig is fine, probably aren't even bottlenecking that i7 at all with your gaming, just your GPU might be a little now. First off, if you want your system to be able to do everything you said, you don't need something really powerful. I assume you want something fanless because you want a "silent" HTPC, also powersaving? You could do this with even the intel Celeron anniversary edition that is so hot right now lol. But, be aware, that only supports 2x USB 3.0 slots if you have more Drives than that. Again, go based by your needs. Imo, as I have done the fanless thing, it is nice, but occasionally you hit like max-load on those CPUs, and unless you undervolt them, and deal with that hassle, sometimes they are not really worth it. Just get a fan. Almost all bios' or lots of fan software out there lets you customize your own fan profiles if you really want to, so just set low-fan speed. Most fans will be completely noiseless at below 40% speed, and you could say, have zero fan speed, thus being fanless, unless CPU hits like 50C or something, and it boosts up to 20% on. I think this is the best solution as it gives flexibility. Fans take incredibly a small amount of power anyway. Oh and the whole fire thing, modern CPUs "should" actually have safeguards in place now that actually auto-underclock and the CPUs and shuts them down if they get too hot to stop the risk of the old fire hazard issue lol. You can easily play and stream locally a 1080P signal on something as weak as a raspberry pi machine. This is not gonna be an issue for practically any device you run. Integrated intel graphics are more than enough to handle a 1080P signal flawlessly. A NAS also requires very little processing power. Just remember a NAS just means, Network Attached Storage. You can just throw in a bunch of Hard Drives (if you want, Raid them for one giant drive, but this has risks if you don't have an auto-backup system, as if one drive goes out, you lose the data on ALL drives), and then connect the system to your home network, allowing the folders to be "shared" between devices. Boom, it's that simple, all of a sudden you have a NAS. Now, this is where operating system comes in to play, and imo, it seems like your only 2 real options here are either some Linux Distro or Windows. Typically, if it was ONLY a NAS, you could install some really lightweight server program to manage the data, but since you want to have Steam on it AND you want it to be your media center AND you want it to be your NAS, you need something that can do all of the above. Windows is kind of overkill, but it is also incredibly easy to use and get most of the programs up and running without issues or much tinkering to get all your drivers working right. If you are comfortable with the command line, it's nice to go with Linux as you can just SSH into your system, but since you said you are looking to remote desktop to it, windows 8.1 I think has remote desktop built in (does win 7?). Either way, Win 10 coming out for free soon if you have a win8 or 7 license, so ultimately win 10 does have such a feature. You can also configure this specific OS to boot into say, Steam big picture mode for streaming or straight into XBMC or Plex, whilst keeping bigPicture Steam open in the background or something so you can easily swap back and forth. Blu ray drive is interesting because unfortunately, you have to PAY to be able to watch Blu Ray movies. They are licensed through Sony, and to get a fully movie playable BluRay player, you have to pay for the software to watch the movies and then use that software. It's REALLY annoying, hence why I have forever ditched the blu-ray player for playing moviesand just rip all my movies Lossless quality, fully uncompressed with "MakeMKV" software (which is still currently Free while in Beta, yay!). But of course, I have a Blu-Ray player because I need it so I can rip my BluRay movies! MakeMKV also strips all the annoying menus. But again, I understand, as sometimes you grab a Redbox movie and want to pop it in as soon as you get home, not spend 20 minutes transcoding and ripping the disk and copying it to your server before watching it lol. Blu Ray drives that also come with the license to play the movies aren't that pricey, often see em go on sale for like 50 or 60 bucks (I should say this includes the BD-RW, not just readers, but writers too). So, just be aware, that you can do that, and again, it's no different than playing another 1080P signal and a Blu-ray player doesn't somehow cost a lot of CPU power, but you gotta use specific software that is licensed through Sony to play the official discs. Even VLC won't play Sony Blu Ray movies. Though, you can add some decoders that are out there, but it seems like Sony is updating the security every month on those discs and often these decoders are not up to date, so you will have a tough time with the newest stuff. While Steam prefers devices capable of hardware decoding, feel at ease here because essentially everything decodes with hardware lol. Think of it this way. Since your PC is just streaming a video signal, and you are only giving it some input with say, the controller, it's not all that different than just streaming a 1080P video on youtube. Ya, I am simplifying it a bit, but Steam streaming is really mostly just that. All the work is done on your gaming PC. The ONLY thing to really be concerned about it say, if you are using a Plex server, instead of XBMC, Plex does a lot of transcoding. Whilst they do a lot of direct streaming, if the device supports it, it also will transcode files. Plex is really cool because of how much compatibility it has with Linux, Apple, Windows, and pretty much all the smart phones and tablets out there. It has apps for your smart TVs and everything. This is really awesome. So awesome in fact, that this past weekend, I was flying Jet Blue which has free wifi internet on board, that at 40,000 ft, I was streaming a movie from my home Plex server on my tablet. This would not have been possible with XBMC because it doesn't do transcoding. It would have to buffer forever (remember I rip all my movies in 100% lossless quality, so 40GB Blu Ray movies might take a while to Buffer lol). However, on the airplane, whilst it technically was high speed and free, it wasn't crazy high speed unless I wanted to pay 10 bucks an hr, so I just lowered my bit-rate and quality of the video to 2Mbps streaming, and it streamed my videos perfectly from home, whilst my wife, in the seat next to me, was also busy streaming on her own tablet her own video from our home server, whilst my brother was sitting in his room streaming a TV show at full quality to his house, since I shared my server with him. However, now I have 3x signals being transcoded, and all of a sudden that intel Celeron might not be so great as my media server CPU, and that is why I use an i7 for my media server. This is where you need to determine your needs and for most people, this is complete overkill, as most people just don't need to decode so many simultaneous stream, and/or they don't even have the upload bandwidth to provide the streams anyway from their ISP. Just know your needs and go in accordingly. Imo, going with at least an i3 promotes the best user-happiness, and then only move up from there if you know you are going to need it. My advice is that of someone not an expert, just an enthusiast, so I wouldn't take my advice as the end-all of advice in these regards, and it might be wortwhile to get multiple opinions. I just find often people on this subreddit like to suggest the bare minimum for one's needs. And, while they work, I would rather lean more towards overkill than bare minimum, as it gives me room to expand in the future, and also, I love everything to be super snappy. Just make sure you have your OS installed on an SSD... that's actually really important imo lol. You don't need a dedicated GPU for what you intend to be doing.
Haha alright fair enough. And ya, omg, I think I just do the garrison because of the easy gold, but it's pretty much the most boring thing Blizzard ever implemented into the game...
Amazon also, 14.99
Eh, ok deal I guess if you were already going to buy something from there, but BE WARNED... shipping is insane! Makes deal almost not worth it unless you were already gonna buy something from there.
Honestly, the hole gold nerf from follower missions was a big slap in the face by Blizzard. I know, I am being dramatic, but I HATE leveling alts, but I only ever did it so I could max professions. Then, WoD came out and essentially mandated that the only way you could maximize your profession fully was to be level 100 and have a tier 3 garrison. So, I sucked it up and did it and dropped SO much time doing that, along with about 25k in gold on each of these alts to get my Garrison in working order. THEN, you have to spend a few weeks running missions to finally get enough of your followers geared and lvl 100, and ideally, ilvl 675 to maximize chance on the best gold missions, and BOOM, mega nerf on it all. I know, we've all heard the whining on the forums, but I actually feel upset about it and I've never felt this way about anything in WOW before. There was just such a huge investment of time and resources to finally get my alts in a reasonable place for Blizz to do this, and I was proud of my 8x lvl 100s I had made all so tediously. I tried to be positive, and I tried to say "Oh, it won't be all that bad," but let me tell you, the diminishing returns on the gold SUCKS bad and by the time you get to your 3rd or 4th alt, it's not even worth logging over, even with Master Planner, and to add insult to injury, apparently the high lvl gold treasure missions now share some kind of account wide cooldown on spawning. Yay, guess that makes the Tier 3 inn essentially useless now on alts.
Omg, at 8:30, he seriously was getting teary eyed and emotional over his raw lamb chops lol... It was one of the few times he stopped yelling and just seemed totally defeated! haha pure gold!
I'd also add that 4.1 and 4.2 RBG seasons were TONS of fun in the PVP world, until they essentially killed PVP off in 4.3 when they made the heroic PVE gear superior in BGs... I've been a long-time PVP'r since Vanilla, and even in Vanilla PVP was still important, but optional. There were some issues even then, and there has always been some minor issues here and there, but largely TBC and WOTLK were the peak of PVP in this game. Wintergrasp may have been somewhat problematic at first, but people still enjoyed it. IoC was not nearly as good, but PVP was mostly still enjoyable in Cata (aside from the World PVP killing, endlessly respawning city guards thing Blizz implemented), but it was alright. MoP they even gave us a couple of new BGs! Then, we get WoD... horrible racial imbalances... terrible PVP combat (cooldowns necessary to ever have a chance at killing anyone, thus making PVP feel bland and useless while you wait for your CD barrage to be ready again), and literally NOTHING to do in the game outside of Ashran, and 90% of Ashran is a PVE thing, not a PVP thing... We can Blame Holinka, and I definitely think he deserves his fair share, but you know that there was lots of people in control that essentially gave the OK for this situation to happen.
Well, this is actually fairly eye-opening because my grandmother died when I was 10 yrs old and supposedly she was pulling the gun out to clean it and it went off, shooting herself on accident, and she died. At least, that is the story I was fed and believed. That was 21 years ago. Sounds like I need a conversation with my mother.
I will also say that it is possible for a woman to have an orgasm without you really feeling it, because she does not constrict the muscles around you. Some women just don't do this all that well, and honestly, I've kind of gotten a vibe from women that some of them seem very proud of their sexual ability to constrict those muscles, and are very self-aware of how that leads to better pleasure for the man. I will also say that from what I can tell, it seems to allow the woman better control at having an orgasm. Not all women seem to be able to orgasm through vaginal sex, and I suspect that some of this also has to do with the inability of some women to constrict those muscles as well, for whatever the reason (usually less active, but some women even go so far as doing exercises to improve muscle control). Obviously this is not always the case for all women, but the ones that do have better control you can absolutely tell very easily if they are, and not just by it getting a little slippier. Some women you really gotta go off the wetness AND her reaction AND maybe, looking at their toes is also a good sign, like if they are curled you can tell. All women are different, but sometimes their eyes get all lazy eyed weird too when it is happening and you can tell by looks, but in regards to sensitivity, ya, some women you can tell better than others.
Well, in her case there was no life insurance so there was no motive there. It was a 6 shot revolver, as I know, we inherited the gun when she died and it sits in one of those mini-safes in a closet at my parent's home. I just always assumed maybe she cocked it or something when cleaning it and then the hammer slipped or something. I am not an experienced gun user, though been to the range a few times as my wife likes to shoot, but only ever used a clip semi-auto, never a revolver. Thanks for that input!
This is the first youtube video I laughed at today! Thank you! lol
Wow, is she the daughter of Julia in the show "Under the Dome" ???? Similar look! [Rachelle Lefevre](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exXABLZf_9k)
Also, it is really annoying because of some episodes, you see some like twenty something kid getting praised by the boss for all this stuff (which honestly would be considered the norm in customer service for anything above an Applebees class of restaurant), and the boss is like "I am gonna pay for you to go to our special management school and get you on the fast track to being a manager!" Then they are like "Awesome!" about as enthusiastically as one could expect a 25 yr old who probably doesn't want to work in that restaurant the rest of their lives. There HAVE been some really good episodes with some really awesome bosses who really went above and beyond in helping... that fashion department store one in New York comes to mind. But, there have been some really crappy ones. It's really cringeworthy when you go from one episode where a boss is like "We are gonna give you $50,000, get you a car, and pay for your kids tuition while they are in college!" Then the next episode the boss is like, "We know you are struggling, so we are gonna give you $2500 and promote you to a supervisor and you are gonna make $2.00 more per hour!" I mean, yay, better than nothing, I can't complain. Just saying that there is no consistency in what they are giving them and there is no consistency in the type of employees they decide to follow around and there is no consistency in anything. I mean, some episodes it's like they give people a pat on the back for hard work and then the next episode they actually change someone's life. Also, some bosses come across as really douchey. There was one I remember where the boss got pissed within 5 minutes and revealed his identity just so he could yell at the manager and scream at the dishwasher because he was like "HOW DO I DO THIS!?" And, the other dishwasher was like, "You just do it man!" I mean, to be fair the dishwasher was kind of being lame and refusing to help him, but I mean, it's a dishwasher and the OWNER/CEO couldn't figure out how to do the dishes without the dude telling him to grab a rag, wipe the plates and put it in the giant dishwasher? The guy flipped out and nearly fired the other Dishwasher, ran to the manager of the store, revealed his identity, and was about to fire the manager over it. It was CRINGE x 100. TO make it even worse, at the end of it, as a "FAVOR" he was going to send the manager through special management training courses. Though to his credit, he was definitely one of the more generous of the bosses to the other employees lol, so I am conflicted about him! haha Anyone remember which restaurant that was?
This is why I love my Dell Venue 11. When I bought mine, I swapped out the 64gb M.2 SSD it came with with a 500GB one I got from some Crucial SSD clearance sale for 125 bucks, sticking the 64 into my desktop motherboard to boot from. And I nabbed a great deal on a 128Gb micro SD card the the venue 11 also has a slot for. With the optional keyboard that is built with an additional battery, and with all my storage space, I haven't even touched my laptop in over 6 months. It's seriously awesome. I can't believe how much money people are still shelling out to Apple just to upgrade from 16Gb yo 64, let alone 128 lol.
Long before day 1. People were saying this in the beta, and we all just kind of assumed Blizz around fix it before it went live. Now... I mean I guess they finally gave a way to skip the animations, but the default ui, lack of filtering, lack of anything still makes it stuck. I still have to click every stupid chest.
I mean, seriously, are you one of those guys that doesn't use a bare repository and just commits everything to the main file rather than a clone? I... well, you win this thread!
Oh yes, I think we all made that mistake in our very early programming days.... The whole, "Oh this program is WOrking! Yay! Let me just change one thing real fast..." Boom, program no longer working, spending the next day going insane trying to figure out why your program is no longer working and for some reason, even if you comment out all the changes you just made, it still won't work lol.
You're right. My cousin is openly gay and attended BYU. He didn't hide it and never got expelled or disciplined. As long they agree to the honor code, like everyone else has to abide by, be it straight or gay, anyone can attend.
No, at the highest ratings you will not do just as well. If 2 equivalent geared and equally skilled players are matched against each other, the Human will win. The racial is HUGE! This doesn't mean you can't do well, and it is true, there is a domino effect where all the best pvp'rs for the most part, have moved to the Alliance which can make it seem more stacked on Ally as a fault, but you still are forced to be that much better than your opponent if you want to win. For context, in MoP, people had so many CCs that having an extra cc break trinket would be an advantage but not horrendously terrible, however, with the ability of WoD, greatly removing the cc overkill (which was actually a good thing), since they also pruned Horde's racials, yet enhanced the human one, the side effect became a HUGE advantage. So, I disagree if someone says you can do just as well as Horde, it really is that bad. But it is definitely compounded and made worse since the situation is so bad for Horde that there was a mass exodus to the Ally that even if Horde could've at least had a fighting chance, that has all been lost as a massive percent of the pvp veterans and enthusiasts have left. This is coming from a hardcore pvp 10 yr veteran who has led a pvp guild for 6.5 yrs. Just my opinion.
As a piano player myself, I have been drawn to you as an artist since I first learned of you like 9 or so years ago. I love what you bring to the world, and the obvious passion you have. My wife and I's favorite new song of the last year is by far "All of Me." My question for you is when did you know you wanted to dedicate your life's career to being a musician and an artist? I still play everyday, but I pursued a profession in the sciences and was essentially steered away from the world of music as more than anything but a hobby...
And, it does wonders for word-of-mouth advertising...
Let's get Holinka's official quote from an interview that is only 2 months old: "People look at the human racial and call that an issue but ignore the benefits on other races. Ultimately could we do a better job at balancing racials? Yes, and we'll look at it going into next expansion." In other words... No, they are not going to fix anything this expansion, thus WoD will be a total loss for PVP. If you are a PVP'r you may as well unsub and see how things turn out next expansion.
In reality, this argument sounds like a good idea, but actually it doesn't work. If you understand the history of tax exemption for non-profits, this was the original argument and it completely failed. Why? Because there are too many things that are intertwined between what you might consider "aid" vs church affairs or proselytizing. The attempt to separate the two would've had to create a massive side-bureaucracy to even attempt to determine what was considered worthy of not actually being taxed. So, the compromise is what we have, and it honestly is a lot better solution, imo, than the hell hole of a mess we'd have if we tried to remove tax exemptions from religious organizations...
It's definitely a start in the right direction!
Ya, to me the Shipyard is just an extension of your Garrison. Honestly, all this garrison stuff, especially follower missions, but really the entire design of the whole garrison in regards to daily routines, is built exactly like those stupid cheap Facebook games are made, forcing you to login everyday if you want to maximize your potential, rather than letting us just have fun. I was almost ready for Blizzard to offer players a way to finish missions faster if you bought some special coins from the Blizz store... you know, 50 coins for 5.99, 100 coins for 9.99 or 1000 coins for 49.99! I seriously would not have been surprised if they tried to do that at some point. At least we know they aren't now, but seriously, the Garrison sucks so hard. Just my opinion...
Haha I almost forgot about the voice chat. To be fair though, the voice chat is actually passable. Ya, it's crap compared to Vent,Teamspeak or mumble, but say, for a quick 10 min officer meeting, it works just fine. We did this once because we just wanted to see for ourselves how bad the chat was but amazingly, for our officer meeting, it worked just fine! haha I agree though, it was an absolutely terrible implementation. I am honestly amazed it is still built into the client.
Except what if you live in a shitty school district and your public school is shitty? Poor people have no choice but to still go there. Yet now, you have an option to not? It doesn't help rich people at all, as rich people would go wherever they wanted no matter what. I really don't think it's about tearing apart public schools like people would have you believe, and I have typically voted Democrat. If you live in an area with fantastic public schools, people are not going to want to abandon them. The affect will be very small. And, over the years, we've shown the affect to be small in places like that. However, you live in a shitty place like I do, in Arizona, where not only is our state ranked 47th in the country for public education (in 2014), in Tucson, the TUSD school district is one of the most corrupt in the nation. Lots and lots of problems that existed Long before the voucher system and no matter how many new taxes were made and how much money we threw at TUSD, it was still a mess. Still is even now. Except now, poor families in Tucson don't have to go to that shitty public school around the block. Now, you can send your kid to a higher rated and fancier science academy, or art academy, or something else. Ya, it pulls money away from the public schools, but it's not like people are losing their jobs. TUSD pays so shitty to the teachers already, that the charter schools and private schools pay much better, even without the teacher's union. We actually have a shortage of teachers here. But seriously, who wants to go work for TUSD when entry level teacher pay is 30k per year, and all the admins are making 150k+ per year? So, what is happening? TUSD consolidates their schools. Hell, we had an insurrection in Tucson just a few years ago where people were so pissed at TUSD that they basically cut off about a quarter of the town and made their own new school district, funded it themselves, and kicked TUSD out. Guess what, it's a GREAT school district now (TVSD) and people aren't sending their kids off to these charter schools because people are happy with it. Remember, rich people still did whatever they wanted... this helps the poor and middle class. Tucson maybe be in a Red state, but Tucson is a Democrat city. Most people in Tucson are Democrat, the mayor is Democrat, the city council are all Democrats, our elected officials in the school boards are mostly Democrats, but guess what, most people in Tucson LIKE the school voucher program. So, it's not so cut and dry as to why some say it's bad. In reality, it's actually pretty good in places where there are only shitty public options.
And cost 130 bucks more probably... seriously, this is a great card for 100 bucks.
I just want to say that if Obama does anything too extreme here, he's going to push a lot of swing states Red. He'll push a lot of purple states over. He may even push blue states closer to red than you would realize. Many states the 2nd amendment is a non-partisan issue, where both Democrats and Republicans like their guns. However, the national Democrat party is sometimes not in-sync with local/state Democrat positions, like with gun control, especially if the measures are knee-jerk and ridiculous, like the endless attempts to ban "assault weapons," which is essentially a made-up political name to make certain weapon types sound scary and play to public fears, whilst hand-guns and inner city gang violence account for like 90% of all gun violence in this country (this is much more noticeable when you remove the always included stat of suicide into gun-violence, a stat used to bloat the issue). Colorado did a recall election on the Democrats after the theater shooting a few years ago when they all went knee-jerk and tried to implement some ridiculous gun bans, of which would have not even stopped that shooting anyway, and all those Democrats got kicked out of office, in the first time of Colorado's history, a clearly liberal state. Why? They like their guns. Arizona is a purple state... but we like our guns. So much so that the ACLU of Arizona is in contrast to the national ACLU as it tries to adopt the same terminology in describing our 2nd amendment rights that the NRA uses. 2nd amendment rights are almost completely a non-partisan issue here. But, I tell you, if the national Democrats decide to go crazy on gun control, this state gets Redder. Seriously, Democrats need to lose their hard-on for gun control It helps them lose elections, and a lot of what they spout off on it is total lies, like the whole "You can get around background checks at a gun show." No, I am sorry, that is 100% not true. I go to several gun shows a year and I've never not had to do a background check and fill out the proper forms at them. It's total BS. And hell, the one loophole that exists, the private person to person sale, we almost had a successful bill passed that would have resolved that and the Democrats killed the bill, particularly Harry Reid, even though it was a successful, bi-partisan bill, only to be killed off because it didn't include an assault-weapon ban as part of it... Yay national Dems! /s
As a graduate student, a lot of the tuition increases are because of state budget cuts to higher education. However, tuition increases have far outweighed the cuts, I just want to point out how not *all* of the tuition increase is to new spending, it is to cover the gap of previous. With that being said, you are right, I have seen massive administrative bloat. One, everyone seems to have a secretary now. You have Deans and assistant to the deans and they all have secretaries, all paid higher than the typical secretarial wage of the town. For example, someone pointed out at my university, 20 years ago there was one administrative staff for every 23 students. Now, there is one per 6 students. Massive administrative bloat is totally a real issue... Also, universities are becoming increasingly more and more competitive than ever, and as such I see a lot of this new funding going into new buildings, even if unneeded, but with plans to attract people. For example, my university just built a couple years back this sprawling new and outrageously pricey office building for tenured professors. I am talking about outrageously fancy offices. It blew my mind how fancy they were when this finished. So, a lot of this new money was going to "no expenses spared" buildings. There's so much money, no one is even trying to say "Isn't this marble countering and walls a bit much?" No, they just fund it. They do this with the argument that it's necessary to attract good professors by showing them how nice our facilities are. There is some truth to this, but also, so much waste too. Basically overspending for luxury, rather than necessity or just being "good." They've caught on that they can have luxury everything. We definitely aren't seeing any increased funding at the graduate or professor level. Many professors need a grant to be paying their salary, not even the University is paying for it.
Lots of high paying job positions for even junior developers in this field as well. I am seeing Junior developer stuff at 80k+ starting with this kind of experience. Not bad for a junior dev out of college. You can easily be breaking the 100k barrier in a couple of years in this field. 50+ per hour jobs are everywhere with these requirements. Well, really anything that gets you into Full Stack development, with some SQL knowledge sprinkled in and you're set. So many directions to go right now.
How does anyone with that much money to do this crap have such a bad looking webpage? Seriously, they could've paid someone 500 bucks to make a professional looking site over what they have here which is peanuts to what that sky-writing waste of money cost.
As someone who used to work in the hotel industry, for anyone that knows anything about the hotel industry, that number is actually shockingly low. 1100 people over the last 15 years!? That's it!!?? For context, I was a concierge for a couple of years in college at a 4 star, borderline 5 star JW Marriott Resort, $500 a night for the cheapest room type of place. Seasonally we'd get slammed to 100% occupancy for about 3 months straight, of close to 600 rooms. It would be so busy, that they'd have to bring in foreign workers. Guess what, they advertised like crazy locally. They preferred local hires, but it was a seasonal job and a lot of people don't want seasonal. So, how many seasonal temp. jobs were there? Over 450 temp. seasonal workers were needed. We'd advertise and maybe would get 50+ local. But, we couldn't get the hundreds needed for temp. work. So, they fly in and give housing to these H-1B visa temp workers. We were doing over 500 of them per year just at our one resort hotel. Think about that for a second... Trump owns so many hotels and actually owns over 500 companies. Yet, he still managed to *only* bring in 1,100 workers on Visas over 15 years!? That is mind-mindbogglingly impressive, to be honest... That is practically unheard of in the industry. So, what this piece of information is is a hit-job attempt on Trump to make him look bad, but for those in the actual industry, I'd say it does the exact opposite. Do you think the media people don't know this? No, they know and they don't care. They just want Trump to look bad at all costs.
I'll upvote for honesty at least, and to counter the downvote brigade incoming... On a side note: I was actually like you, say, 5 or 6 months ago, then I saw Bernie get shut down by the two BLM protesters and he gave up his podium so easy. It just felt weak to me. But, I can't see myself supporting Hillary. So, who am I going for? Trump. But hey, I guess both you and I can now brace for downvotes!
Yes, because it pulls the Republican party far right in the primary. Iowa is more of a state where you win if you can prove you're the best Christian. That's why it's kind of shocking a person like Trump is even doing as well as he is in the state, and completely expected that someone like Cruz would be doing as well. But, Iowa's pull seems not to be reflective in the vast majority of other states, but what happens is in the 6+ months of pre-Iowa primary, the Republicans probably make themselves look more and more out of touch from younger generations, of which is going to really hurt Republicans more and more in the not-so-distance future. This is also why I see Trump as a savior to the Republicans, whether the establishment wants to believe it or not. Trump is not part of the religious right's hijacking of the Republican party. The Republican needs someone like Trump to remake the party lets they fall further and further into disarray. Just my opinion.
Scientist here and *not* a climate change denier at all. In fact, I actually got to work a little bit on the GCM (Global Circulation/Climate Model) when I branched off into Biogeophysics for a bit. Guess what, there *IS* strong evidence of a human impact on the global climate. I mean, one doesn't have to look much further than just the basic law of thermodynamics and Chem 101 to understand that the science behind the so-called "Global warming molecules" is uncontested. Now, what's *not* uncontested is the accuracy of the GCM and the accuracy and reliability of our predictions. Why? There are so many moving pieces to this modeling. There are so many variables. The resolution is still not good enough. There are still new theories popping up every year. There is a difference between being off by a little and being magnitudes off. As a scientist, what we ask ourselves is "Ok, why was the model wrong, what are we missing?" and then we try to resolve these issues and things get better slowly and evolutionarily, but they improve. Politicians instead go, "OMG, this research needs to be told to the people it's 100% accurate or we won't get done what we want!" But, what happens is you have people like Gore come out and shout DOOMSDAY to get what they want. Then, when the predictions are incorrect, and often not even close, they just push the doomsday clock back a few more years and keep shouting again. What does this do? It makes the masses of people all the more skeptical. There really are a lot of politicians, and even scientists out there, for the sake of pushing an agenda faster, they are purposely alarmist. I mean, the way the justify it is "What's wrong with clean energy and clean air and clean water?" The answer is, nothing! We should absolutely be striving for that. However, the alarmism is coming at the expense of the citizens. It ultimately comes down to, "We need to tax you 'X' amount of dollars more to save the planet!" Then, when the prediction fails, everyone goes "OMG, you just were trying to do a power grab for my money, it's all BS!!!" I mean, can you blame them? Think about it for a second. The first Earth day back in I think what, 1970, they basically shouted that 90% of the Earth's species are going to be extinct before 1990. This was not presented as a "maybe" or anything, it was presented as a 100% fact and we needed to essentially tax the world 20% or the end was here. Now, don't get me wrong, I really am not a denier. I am not someone that thinks we should ignore this. I am happy the US doesn't look like China's mega-cities with the pollution smog thanks to some of our regulations. But, I am also keenly aware that politicians are twisting things to scare people and it is doing a disservice to it. Before, when it could have been presented as a serious science to consider, instead so many studies got presented as defacto and flawless, and if any scientist even wanted to verify the research they were labeled a climate denier and good luck getting grant funding after that... The sensationalism is the the cause of the climate change skeptics, imo. The alamism is the number one reason so many are doubters now, because of the false predictions that were told to be fact. When you hear that the UN wants to have a world tax of 10% to fight climate change, but then you see what's happened in all the decades prior, you start to doubt the sincerity. When you see someone like Al Gore buy a 10 million dollar ocean front mansion just 1 year after he made his climate change video presented here, in an area that was supposed to be under water within a decade, it's easy to question his sincerity. When you find out that Al Gore was the owner of the only Carbon Credit company in the US and was set to pickup the contract if the Carbon Credit law got passed, which would have made him a billionaire, it's easier to question the sincerity he has in believing this video vs presenting an agenda to Washington. So, people, yes, we should be working globally to have clean air, clean water, and overall, clean energy. We should be fighting for it. Maybe we should even be subsidizing efforts in clean energy (I am also for using nuclear as a stop-gap til a better infrastructure is in place as Nuclear is clean aside from the minimal waste). But, thanks to politicians and people like Al Gore, we now have a huge % of people that have become "doubters" of climate change and honestly, after all the failed predictions where they come out and just push the doomsday clock back another couple of years, can you blame them? I 100% place the blame of the alarmist who have twisted scientific efforts to build accurate models and put pressure on the scientific world to conform to get grant funded.
That is seriously one of the most biased things I've ever watched. Someone with an axe to grind against Trump basically did this. In reality, Trump was one owner of among dozens of teams. The leadership of this USFL league and all their owners wanted a piece of the NFL. You try to make it sound like this was Trump's crusade. This was the unified backing of all the USFL owners, Trump making up like 1 out of 30 of the pack, and this whole documentary was essentially anti-Trump. Plus, the documentary even exaggerated how well USFL seemed to be doing. No, USFL never was really starting to take off. If you think everything Trump touches seems to be worse off you are just plain wrong. You don't make billions of dollars by being bad at what you do. Trump has over 500 companies and only 4 of which have ever been chaptered into bankruptcy, half of which were just restructurings to become solvent again. That is a hell of a track record. But hey, watch this biased documentary without any outside knowledge and you are going to think, "Wow, Trump is not a good businessman!" That alone should be the red flag for the skeptical mind.
You mean Hillary, who wants the no-fly zone against Russia, or Trump who says we should ally with Russia in bombing ISIS and have better relations with Russia? Cause it sounds like if anyone is going to put us into more tension with Russia, it's not going to be Trump.
Except for that email the same day of the attack to Hillary's daughter, Chelsea, stating that it was known to be a terrorist attack, not an angry mob because of a youtube video. She described the group as an [Al Qaeda like group](http://dailycaller.com/2015/10/22/hillary-told-daughter-chelsea-that-terrorists-were-behind-benghazi-attack-the-night-it-happened-video/) to her daughter, clearly revealing she knew this was a terrorist attack. So no, I'd say the video was quickly made up to be the excuse to blame it on so they could deflect their own security failures.
It's funny this video even happened because after Hillary's comments, they were practically begging some terrorist group to make a video with Trump in it. Then some terrorist group re-edits a video to include a short insert of Trump and people cheer to say, "See!" People seem legitimately happy about this rather than the obvious insanity that if someone is going to join a terrorist group that beheads people and blows planes out of the sky with children on them, just because someone said something that offended them, they were always going to become a jihadist. Trump comes out and says he's going to say what he has to say and not be intimidated by a terrorist group or the left telling him he needs to be nicer so we don't get attacked. Why are people so happy about this? Seriously, last week people were so depressed when it came out that Bill Clinton and Obama were used in terrorist recruiting tools and not Trump, but now that Trump is they are super happy in the media. It shows the obvious bias here...
Considering his constant defending of Hillary, it's almost like he doesn't want to win. I don't get it. I am half-convinced you're right at this point. Though, I'd feel better believing that he sincerely wanted to win at first, and now I think he knows he's not going to so Hillary struck him a closed doors deal for him to keep backing her. I actually think Bernie's backing of Hillary kind of discredits his message completely. I think it's one of the things that has really hurt him once he started saying stuff like, "Hillary is in Wallstreet's pocket, but hey, I support her 100% and she's a wonderful person!"
I think this really went over your head here...
Except for trump too.
Except for Trump in New Hampshire, who is number one nationally and number one in NH, and about neck and neck with Cruz in Iowa... ?
And Clinton was riding the dot com bubble. It's not so black and white like you just laid out...
That's a fantastic analysis of yours. Very nicely put.
Except Central and Southern Americans still are trying hardcore. Illegal immigration is not strictly an issue with Mexicans, and now that Mexico's manufacturing base is doing better and Mexico's economy is growing decently, of course Mexicans want to stay at their home and work rather than risk the alternative. South and Central Americans trying to cross the border is seeing a rise. Mexico still represents the largest % trying to get here though, if you break it down by country.
**CONTINUED** Here's the kicker though. The reality is that the media underestimated Trump's intelligence, and they underestimated his ability to control the narrative, a job the media has long prided themselves on doing, be it true or not. But, if you've never read the Art of the Deal, well take a look at this quote from his book. If one thinks he hasn't carefully crafted and selected his statements and terminology, they are only underestimating Trump. &gt;One thing I’ve learned about the press is that they’re always hungry for a good story, and the more sensational the better. It’s in the nature of the job, and I understand that. The point is that if you are a little different, or a little outrageous, or if you do things that are bold or controversial, the press is going to write about you. I’ve always done things a little differently, I don’t mind controversy, and my deals tend to be somewhat ambitious... I’m not saying that [journalists] necessarily like me. Sometimes they write positively, and sometimes they write negatively. But from a pure business point of view, the benefits of being written about have far outweighed the drawbacks. And then he continues... &gt;The funny thing is that even a critical story, which may be hurtful personally, can be very valuable to your business. Television City is a perfect example. When I bought the land in 1985, many people, even those on the West Side, didn’t realize that those one hundred acres existed. Then I announced I was going to build the world’s tallest building on the site. Instantly, it became a media event: the New York Times put it on the front page, Dan Rather announced it on the evening news, and George Will wrote a column about it in Newsweek. Every architecture critic had an opinion, and so did a lot of editorial writers. Not all of them liked the idea of the world’s tallest building. But the point is that we got a lot of attention, and that alone creates value. . . . &gt;Most reporters, I find, have very little interest in exploring the substance of a detailed proposal for a development. They look instead for the sensational angle. Still think he is not calculated? Let's close with this: &gt;The other thing I do when I talk with reporters is to be straight. I try not to deceive them or to be defensive, because those are precisely the ways most people get themselves into trouble with the press. Instead, when a reporter asks me a tough question, I try to frame a positive answer, even if that means shifting the ground. For example, if someone asks me what negative effects the world’s tallest building might have on the West Side, I turn the tables and talk about how New Yorkers deserve the world’s tallest building, and what a boost it will give the city to have that honor again. When a reporter asks why I build only for the rich, I note that the rich aren’t the only ones who benefit from my buildings. I explain that I put thousands of people to work who might otherwise be collecting unemployment, and that I add to the city’s tax base every time I build a new project. I also point out that buildings like Trump Tower have helped spark New York’s renaissance. &gt;The final key to the way I promote is bravado. I play to people’s fantasies. People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That’s why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular. &gt;I call it truthful hyperbole. It’s an innocent form of exaggeration — and a very effective form of promotion. Trump wrote this book in 1987, nearly 30 years ago. He has had several decades to perfect his craft since then, of which he was already one of the world's greats. Trump knows exactly what he is doing. The only ones that don't believe it are those that are in full on denial that Trump might actually be as smart as he says he is. 3) Finally, in regards to ISIS, he's been saying for a long time, pre-campaign, like 2 years ago when ISIS popped up, "Take away their wealth, go after the banking donations and bomb the hell out of the Iraqi oil fields they control. You take away their wealth and there's not much they can do." Now, strategies change as the US government only finally started bombing ISIS heavily within the last month, and largely only doing it because Russia was showing us up, from what I can tell. That leads me to another point. Trump wants to ally with Russia against ISIS. I am totally ok with that! He's anti-Middle East intervention and regime change and has been against the Iraq war since the beginning. In fact, only him, Bernie Sanders, and Rand Paul, of every single candidate up there, was against the Iraq war. I think it's fairly impressive when he was being outspoken against the Iraq war that Bush sent a delegate to Trump to try to change his mind and stop talking poorly of the war and Trump told this group to piss off. Now, we have Hillary who is saying we should have a no-fly zone in Syria. Why? It's 100% against Russia, who is bombing ISIS right now. Yes, they are defending Assad, but how the hell are we not learning? Didn't we learn from Iraq that taking out Hussein, whilst a bad guy, just allowed worse groups to come forward? We took out Libya, and now it's a terrorist safe-haven... Hillary had a no-fly zone there to to prevent Gaddafi from defending their country. Now, what does she want? "REGIME CHANGE IN SYRIA!" How can I support this insanity any further? I am in no denial that Assad is a bad guy, but whose worse? I just saw these so-called rebels in a video shoot an unarmed Russian pilot parachuting down (which is actually considered a warcrime), and then shoot and blowup the medical rescue chopper sent by Russia which killed another Russian marine, all the while chanting "Allah Akbar" and then parading around the dead Russian pilot. Ya, Russia is fighting these US backed Rebels, but that's the thing, that's what Trump is saying, "You can't tell the rebels apart from ISIS! How do you know that many of the rebels are not ISIS? How do you know ISIS and them will not join up once Assad is gone?" We don't. Hillary was even asked about that and completely deflected the answer in the last debate... Why? Because no one knows. Trump and Bernie and Paul are about the only voices of reason, imo, of the Middle East, and who has the best choice of winning? 4) Greatest appeals is I think he is incredibly intelligent, and I think he is not going to get pushed around by anyone. I think he actually is a hard moderate and somewhat even left of Hillary, aside from his 2 major far-right stances, like on immigration. But that's the thing, imo, is his genius. He's convinced the media he is this far right guy so well, that come general election, and he starts showing his more moderate ideas more readily to help win, they aren't going to know what to do. I also think Trump is a guy that get's stuff done. I think he's a guy that isn't going to be jet-setting around the world while he's president, like all of them do. I think he really is going to work incessantly to get things done. And that ultimately is what he's going to do. If something isn't going well, he's going to get on the airways and argue his point and get the people behind him. I think he's going to be a very good cheerleader for this country, unlike Obama, and unlike how terrible Bush was for the image of this country. Ultimately, I like that he has no fear of what anyone thinks about him. He doesn't tip-toe around the media like everyone else. He isn't painfully politically correct. Hell, a *huge* problem I see with the Republicans is they allowed their party to essentially be hijacked by the religious fundamentalist far right... But guess what, Trump is absolutely not representative of that. Hell, I saw him go to one of those big Republican forums for a large religious event done each election, and the candidates get interviewed and each is asked things like "Do you ever repent?" And you know, you get the same answer from all of em, "Oh I am not perfect and I always look to God for guidance and forgiveness" and blah blah blah, then Trump goes up there, gets asked, "Have you ever repented?" And he goes, "Nope, never have! I don't think I have. I like to figure out where I went wrong and then I just don't make that mistake again." I mean, if Trump was really trying to pander to the religious crowd he could've given the same contrived answer as everyone, but he didn't. That was actually the beginning of when I started to get sold on Trump. That was like a month after he announced his presidency and I was like most, fairly skeptical, almost comical in my thoughts about it. Then, I listened to this, saw him show he wasn't pandering to anyone, and then saw his poll numbers go up. It just got me super curious as to what he was *actually* saying when I'd turn on the news and the media was telling me how only *racists* and stuff were supporting him, then I'd see notable African Americans on TV get up and say it's all BS and he's not a racist and blah blah blah... it just got me to actually listen to his speeches rather than listen to what the media wanted to tell me I should be hearing. And you know what I found? Trump is a fairly amazing candidate and I agree with a lot of what he's saying. And most importantly, I think he'll actually accomplish something in Washington, unlike the gridlock of the last decade. Either way, good luck in your intellectual pursuits of who to support this year!
I just want to say that the music was a horrible choice for this. It was obnoxious. It felt like someone was trying to be like, "Hey! Isn't my music awesome!?" to which I soundly go, "Not my kind of music..." There are much better ways to sound fun and edgy.
The Republican party gets to vote on who they want for their leader to go in the general election. In other words, before the election for the US President is ever held, there are a lot of people that want to be considered to be the "leader" of the Republicans/Democrats. So, they go to each state and the people vote for who they want to represent them. Each state gets a certain number of delegates based on the population of the Republicans in that state. Whoever wins the most delegates at the end of all 50 states gets the *nomination* to run in the general election as the Republican party leader or Democrat party leader. Now, the reason Iowa and New Hampshire are so important is that a lot of people don't pay that much attention to campaigns until the actual year of the election, which means, January and onward. And, they just happen to be the first two states that set a *tone* on who might win. Iowa, being the very first state, traditionally has been shown that whoever wins Iowa often gets on avg, a 7% boost in the subsequent states. So, you might be down 5-10% in every other state, but you win Iowa, all of a sudden it's a whole new ball-game. This is not always true of course, and Iowa typically is not a great indicator of who will necessarily win, but think of it this way. Trump is very far in the lead. If Trump wins Iowa he's pretty much going to run the whole table and win the nomination fairly easily. However, if Cruz wins Iowa, this means South Carolina is going to become a bloodbath and New Hampshire. Cruz will actually have a chance to take that state if he wins Iowa, and that could be very bad for Trump, as these are big states going into the so-called "Super Tuesday," where I think like 18 states have primary elections the same day. Now, it's still Trump's election to lose, imo, but Iowa makes things a bit of a wild card because of the boost it gives to whoever wins it. Iowa is also an annoying election because it pretty much goes to whoever can prove they are the best Christian, which ultimately pulls the whole process to the far right...
Except it's been played FOR FREE by every single media news network about 100 times each to talk about it... Sounds like more genius manipulation of the media once again by Trump...
They've crunched the numbers on this by looking at polls and seeing "Who is your 2nd choice?" and it's basically come down to the *only* way Cruz even has a chance is if it drops to 3 people. They've shown that if even the top 5 stay in, Trump is gonna sweep the table, with exception of maybe Iowa, Utah, and a couple other outlier states. But, if everyone drops out but Trump, Rubio, and Cruz, then yes, it shows that Trump may lose his support. Is that going to happen? No... We might get some people drop out, like Paul, but Kasich, Christie, Bush. These guys aren't going anywhere at least til New Hampshire is over, where you might have Huckabee drop out. But guess what, if he loses his 5 %, according to the polls, 3% goes to Trump, 2% goes to Cruz (roughly). Now, who knows, polls change. Unless of course, you're Trump. He's consistently risen over the last 6 months and remain steady. His latest Reuters poll had him up 3% this week over last.. the primaries start in 3 weeks. So ya, it's Trump's election to lose at this point, imo. But according to the data, it seems like no one really has a chance but a long-shot by Cruz right now, and the only way Rubio does is if every other candidate drops out. Unlikely...
Imo, he should drop out before the Florida Caucus to save face from losing his own state by so much...
In case anyone was wondering... YES, the Trump campaign actually assists in the monetary costs of security for the cities and towns they attend so as not to be a financial burden for their police. This residents of this city even asked for a full financial breakdown of the costs of the police assistance for crowd control and security and will be providing it once the even is over so as to see that they were no unfairly burdened with the cost of this large event (though I am sure the local eateries are not complaining lol).
For context everyone, this is a limited venue in a small town, with just over 1000 seating. Compare that to his rallies earlier this week with 13k+ people and 10k and so on. Supposedly over 6000 people RSVP'd to come to this lol. Also, apparently many Bernie supports (under their own direction, not under Bernie's), have coalesced on social media to coordinate buyout(free but limited supply) all the tickets and protest by not showing, which of course means many might actually go in and make a ruckus, like they try to do at almost every single Donald Rally. So, this event Trump's people are being a bit proactive about countering Bernie's attempt to disrupt it. And yes, you are right, people can just lie and say they are Trump supporters, but the catch is that if you look at other events, the protesters were often wearing Anti-Trump shirts, or Pro-Bernie shirts, or carrying anti-Trump posters. They never stopped them before unless they decided to make noise. So, ya, some people might just lie their way in, but a lot of people might show up in pro-Bernie clothes and get turned away. That's all this is saying is happening.
Well, apparently people are saying a lot of Bernie's followers on Social media suggested it but it never came from Bernie... according to these posts. So I edited it to reflect that.
ROFL that was so not true. That was a BS hit-job article saying he left after all the interruptions lol. He did his full speech, and then even took quests for like 30 minutes. One of the protesters even interrupted a 10 year old kid asking Trump a question. Total douchebag. Trump then stayed another 20 minutes signing autographs. Yet the news article the next day was "Trump ends rally after 8 interruptions!" You are being deceived by a fake narrative the media is trying to create. These protests do nothing, and they definitely don't shorten a speech. If anything, they draw it out longer. That rally you just referenced went 20 minutes longer than most of his rallies. Plus honestly, what does it even accomplish? Nothing.
But that's the real question... what does it benefit us to become just a service oriented country now? What does it benefit us to lose 1x 65k a year job and replace it was 2x 25k a year jobs and so on? Are we really seeing the massively cheaper products as we were promised, or is the massive profits going mainly up top?
And yet the article gave no reason as to why Trump is wrong, just that Trump is wrong in saying China should put pressure on North Korea... Their only solution was, the US needs to change its foreign policy with NK. No explanation of that vague statement, just that we need to change our policy. I'd say this almost implied that they think we should be nicer to NK and stop all these sanctions or something, forgetting that the US has offered many times that they would drop sanctions if NK ended their nuclear program and hostilities toward South Korea, except NK rejects it everytime and says as soon as they have a chance they are going to take over South Korea and nuke the USA. NK is isolated because of themselves. China has been friendly to them, as it is on their border, and NK is a Communist nation. However, China is just as tired of the stupid "Supreme Leader's" actions probably just as much as we are. The *only* reason NK isn't a barren wasteland now is because China props up NK. China does have significant influence in NK and imo, this article is ridiculous to assume otherwise.
In case anyone wants to know, this really only affects Congressional seating, not the presidential/senate elections
So him retweeting something is racist? The main point of the tweet was to point out the black on black crime as being a problem, which it *IS* a huge problem. But hey, he must be racist now right? Homeland security and the FBI said they could not properly vet the Muslim Syrian refugees and then admitted that ISIS was trying to infiltrate our immigration programs, including student Visas and so on. Trump suggest temporary ban on all *new* Muslims from immigrating to the US until we can fix this. That is not the same as being bigoted. Did he say all Muslims in the US are terrorists? No. Did he say he wanted to kick all Muslims out? No he didn't. Still not seeing racism or being bigoted here.
Not all people are willing to take *risky* investments. The whole point of entrepreneurship is the risk/reward. If everything was just an *obvious* investment this wouldn't happen. You can't just assume that "If it's a good investment, money will flow there." Trump has a personal stake in Scotland. It's his heritage, and it's where his mother was from and he's been talking for years how he's wanted to always do something in Scotland. Trump is someone who might be willing to pump in a lot of money into an area out of personal interest when others might not. It just so happens that he's really good at what he does and can probably turn that personal interest into making money. I am just pointing out that this idea that "The people of Scotland don't even like Trump" is a concoction created by the media that has tried to tell everyone what they should think about Trump, regardless of his billions of potential investment into their communities. If there was ever a billionaire investor from the US Scotland would want to come to their country, whilst also knowing he was going to respect their country, it's Trump.
TL;DR - Muslim woman wears a full-body sign (Her message was written on the front of her Muslim dress instead of a poster), and she is standing relatively close to behind Trump, stands up during his speech and refuses to sit down. The *only* thing different from other protesters is she wasn't shouting, yet this article tries to make it seem like she was mainly rejected because she was Muslim. Of course you're going to get kicked out if you disrupt the event, which she was doing. You can't stand up while everyone else is sitting, and block people's view, at a private event, and expect not to get removed. At least she was more tasteful in her protest though compared to those annoying as hell Bernie supporters in Vermont last night.
Let's see: * College Town - CHECK * Bernie's #1 Most supportive Territory - CHECK * Protesters have almost exclusively been Bernie's previously -CHECK * Hundreds on social media had banded together and declared they were going to Disrupt his rally after getting in - CHECK This was a very tiny venue, so why waste valuable seating for those that don't support you and a high chance they never will, considering the protest behavior. They are generally welcome at all other Trump rallies as long as they are orderly. Trump often gets 7.5k-10k-13k + people at his rallies several times per week. They aren't barring anyone at the door of those. This was exclusively a unique event and they were protecting themselves since the Bernie supporters on Facebook/Twitter, since Monday, had essentially declared war on Trump's rally. The funny thing is how their local news station was out interviewing people that didn't get in and some of the college aged kids were like, "Man, they asked us if we were Trump supporters at the door and we said no, so they told us we couldn't get in. Man, we've been her for hours!" Then, following up with, "Guess we won't get to yell at him after all..."
Computational Biologist here and I'll say that for the Bioinformatics guys, 95% of what you'll do is R. You are right to learn Python as it's picking up steam and useful. In reality, a lot of programming is still done in Perl on the Bio side, largely for speed and the already existing libraries. However, the emphasis for Python stems a lot from it being seen as an easier language to read and to pickup, and this has been a huge issue in the field. Lots of brilliant biologists who hate coding and lots of brilliant programmers out there who hate biology. Python seems to ease biologists in better from what I can tell. For deep stuff, like comparison genomics, Python is still a bit too slow. Times are changing though. I think as computational power continues to expand there is going to be much more emphasis on UX design in programming languages over just being closer to the metal, like with C.
If you actually look at the video, no one around her was standing except her and she had been asked to sit, which she refused. Ya, people jumped up and stood in excitement at various times, briefly, but she was disrupting the event. Now, she may have been disrupting the event in a less obnoxious manner, but it was still disrupting. It also makes me question if you even really went, for 2 reasons: One, your incorrect representation of what happened with her and her disrupting; two, I went to a Trump rally myself out of curiosity and this idea of it being every bit of bad as liberals claim is ridiculous. The reason she said good things is because the people around her were not racists. The fact that you try to discredit a rally by saying, roughly, "I was there and everyone's just as racist as CNN says!" clearly shows an intellectual dishonesty that fails to reason out the why Trump is popular, so you end up just saying the weak argument that it's because they're all racist and/or stupid.
Dude, everyone does this for political rallies because usually only 10% of tickets given out usually show up. This isn't a sporting event where people are out 75 bucks each for not showing up. It's free. You think Hillary doesn't over ticket her events? They all do it. It just so happens Trump is a huge force to be reckoned with here. I find it interesting the Mayor was complaining that the Trump campaign wasn't working with them on a plan to handle the 700+ protesters and basically whined about it. Look, no one got hurt, the police did a great job, and the Trump rally was smart enough to deflect the hundreds of protesters that tried to gain entry to the event to cause a ruckus. Also, WTF, the leaders in this town tried to tell Trump's rally that no signs would be allowed. Really!? Is there a logical, unbiased reason for that? Maybe Trump will help em with the expenses. We'll see. This city sent a bill to Obama the last time Obama came and he never paid them. Could be a show of good will from Trump. I am certain the local eateries were happy with the crowds.
No he hasn't at all. The media is lying to you. He has never said it or implied it. There are zero quotes that exist. All he said we temp. ban the Muslims til we figure out our vetting process. There's nothing against Muslims already here. Just restricting new immigration because ISIS has actively stated they are going to infiltrate the US' immigration, including the refugees and the visa. Nowhere has he said we're going to be labeling Muslims. This was a 100% pure media concoction. Temp ban new immigrants != internment camps
And when asked to clarify the statement, he clarified, or do you wish to create your own interpretation of what he means by that? He specifically said that Department of Homeland and the FBI said we cannot properly vet these refugees, so we should temp. ban them until we figure it out. Furthermore, the links you just gave are a perfect example of media spin and lies. For one, they all went around saying "Trump said he'd create a database of Muslims!" which he never actually said, just some Yahoo reporter claims he said when Trump was talking about Illegal immigration and interjected himself into a convo. I mean, it's fairly clear when Trump's followup statement was "It will stop illegal immigration," he was referring to the context of the entire conversation that he was talking about building the wall and just didn't hear this one reporter's question. When asked to clarify he did, but the reporters didn't like that part of his answer so they only report on the other. On a side note, do you really believe the NSA doesn't already have this database? Furthermore, "Trump won't rule out special IDs" is such a disingenuous and BS example of the media's attack on Trump because all he said during a press conference when people were like, "Will you do this?" or "Will you do that?" - it was like a machine gun of questions, what about this, are you planning on doing this, do you think this is the right question? and so on and so on and so on... What did Trump say? “We’re going to have to look at a lot of things very closely." All of a sudden, in the barrage of questions, where it'd be impossible to answer every single one in the moment, possibly because some ideas do need to be looked at closer than others, he gives this blanket statement. Then what happens? The media goes "Trump won't rule out Muslim ID cards!!!" See how they are spinning it? Later, when asked about this specific question outside of the barrage, he said he had no plans for a Muslim ID card and said the media invented that idea, which he is 100% right about. But hey, him telling them right there straight to their faces, "No Muslim ID cards," and for a week all you got was the media still trying to say he wanted it. You have to ask yourself *why* does the media not want the truth? Why do they not want to listen to Trump and just want to create this narrative about Trump? Because, ethics be damned, Trump must go down at all costs and they were going to turn this into his huge downfall... except he ended up going higher in the polls over it. Why did he go higher? Largely because of the media dishonestly reporting the controversial statements of the temp. ban and the people seeing through it. People would say, "Well what about Trump's clarification of the statement?" And then the media would go, "No, what he really means is he is planning on setting up internment camps for Muslims just you see!" The media's own bias and overwhelming passion to destroy Trump right now is furthering the narrative of the dishonest media better than anything Trump has ever said. They all thought they had a winner on that one, if they could only just block out the statements where Trump lays everything out in detail and clarifies his plans, and then just tell everyone he is a bigot that hates Muslims.
She stood up and was standing up whilst everyone else was sitting down around her, and she was asked to sit down and she refused. Also this whole shirt that says "I come in peace" also had a Star of David fastened to it as to imply Trump was soon to impose the holocaust on Muslims. The only difference with her and other protesters is she didn't shout and scream and flail her arms around. She did however, disrupt the event by standing up and refuse to sit down, thus blocking the view for those behind her. I don't think it's that bad, but the media is incredibly biased here in implying she didn't actually do anything. She was *trying* to get a reaction. Also, it was the security of this private venue that had her removed because they asked her to sit and she wouldn't. Trump didn't even know what happened if you watch the video. But hey, I am sure the deep thinking people here on Reddit that will go and analyze what happened for themselves will be able to figure this out instead of just blindly believing every story the media tells about Trump, right?
OMG, Hitler references need to die...
You are right, she only stood once he mentioned the refugees. However, she was politely asked to sit down because she was now blocking the view of those behind her. When she refused, they asked her to leave and she did. This was 100% her intent to get in the news. Also, her wearing the star of david, directly comparing Trump to Hitler at his rally, and it being revealed that she is a known activist, it was pretty obvious she was there to make a scene. The only thing different between her and other protesters is she didn't flail around screaming. But she definitely disrupted.
1) Bernie 2) Trump 3) Paul I'll be honest though, I used to be a lot more Bernie than I am now. I am kind of leaning towards Trump, and I've never voted Republican in my life.
I like Bernie but I'd vote for Trump over Hillary. Why? I at least know what I am getting with Bernie and with Trump. They both seem to be people fighting for our interests and the people's interests. I actually don't really agree with some of the more extreme ideas that Bernie has economically, nor some of the extreme ideas that Trump has socially. But, I also think the media has blown most of it out of proportion and they've been incredibly dishonest in their reporting on Trump's actual beliefs and stances, as they have with Bernie. It really seems like the news media has pre-anointed Hillary, just like the DNC, to be their frontrunner. I just don't trust her at all. I don't believe that she is not beholden to special interests and I don't believe anything will happen with Hillary in office. I actually think it'll be a continuation of Bush era foreign policy of regime change that Obama perpetuated even further, with Hillary. Thus, Trump and Bernie actually have fairly similar foreign policy ideas. Now, their implementation method might be different, but they both were against Iraq, against Libya intervention and are now against Syria intervention. Hillary still wants the anti-Russian no-fly zone so they can keep arming the rebels of Syria. So, again, with Trump, you know what you are getting with your vote. There are no shadows behind him pulling his strings. There are no questionable conflicts of interest as there are with Hillary, like how she's taken millions in donations from places like the Middle-East, and her contributions from wallstreet and her cozy relationship with them. I also don't find Hillary as a strong leader, nor as a likable person to begin with. I think Trump is definitely a stronger leader than Bernie, as I see Bernie as more of an 'idea' kind of guy, but he is honest. Trump doesn't seem to care what you think, he'll be honest about it. He doesn't seem afraid of the media when other politicians walk on egg shells around them. And, let's face it, he often says the stuff that we are already thinking but politicians are so careful with their word use that they'd never say it. I am not talking about Muslim ban here. I am referring to things even like talking about trade. Why are we ok with becoming a service nation? Why should we be ok with all manufacturing leaving the country? What does it benefit us if 1x 65k a year job is replaced by 2x 25k a year jobs? Trump is saying all of this stuff to us, only to be countered by the media talking about how wonderful our trade with China is because we get cheap goods, negating the fact that businesses are ranking in record profits, and it's not trickling down to the workers, as now we're having to compete against 3rd world wages. So, I've never voted Republican in my life, local or national (I am 32 so not that old), but I really don't see Bernie winning this election as it stands now, and if he doesn't, it's an easy choice for me to go Trump over Hillary.
Trump never even ran last time, so how can he drop out?
I am a Democrat and you know what pisses me off about the DNC? That they are shoving Clinton down all our throats. They pretty much pre-anointed her and threatened anyone else from running in the primary, unless of course, they might make her look better. Hell, the only reason Bernie even has done as well as he has is because he is an outsider and only became a Democrat this year to run, and you know what, I bet it pissed off Hillary and the DNC because it gave some competition to their frontrunner. She was supposed to be in an uncontested primary this year because it was "Her Turn." So what did they do? Collaborated on a media blackout of Bernie and limited debates to times no one would watch, like during playoff games on Sat night. I hate that the DNC has basically become a dictatorship where I am only given one candidate to vote for. One that I absolutely think represents everything that is wrong with Washington. One that absolutely is beholden to special interests. One that I absolutely do not trust nor do I believe she has integrity. As such, I hate to admit it, but I am a Democrat who is going to vote for Trump if he gets the nomination and if Hillary does. I may not agree with him on everything, though on many things I do, but I feel like I at least know what I am getting by voting for Trump. I feel like I know where he stands and I know what he is actually trying to do and I don't think there's anyone in the shadows pulling his strings. So yes, I may be one of those so-called "defectors" but I 100% blame the DNC for not allowing us to choose our candidate like a Democracy. It's their fault they pre-anointed an unlikable candidate and people are rebelling. Just my opinion.
I really don't think this comparison holds up. This is a comparison under the assumption that Trump is running an election based on racial fears, which completely misses why there are so many non-racist people that support him. In case anyone doesn't know, George Wallace was anti-Civil Rights and was elected in a landslide in Alabama because he was opposed to the US government's efforts to end segregation and he vowed to fight against it. They are very different. Wallace was a one-issue candidate and it was such a divisive issue that it helped him win elections. Trump is definitely not a one-issue candidate. Also, it can't be said that Wallace's tactics were unorthodox like Trump's. Wallace just played to the popular ideas of hist state and won, in contrast to the national Dems/Repubs. He only was notable because his state was the first state Kennedy sent troops to ensure it would be unsegregated and Wallace opposed, giving him that uncomfortable place in history. It's almost insulting to compare Trump to that election. Also, Wallace never had an even closely successful primary run for the Democrats. He was only popular in the deep deep south. Trump has cross-party appeal. It's just not the same imo. I really think people that are trying to compare George Wallace to Trump are doing so in efforts of branding Trump as a racist like George Wallace. In reality, and in my opinion, the thing remarkable about Trump's campaign is how decidedly unique it is. This campaign is going to be studied in Political Science classes for decades to come, even if you disagree with Trump. He has made so many decisions that seemed so unorthodox as to assume they were foolish only to benefit him immediately. I really don't think there is a good comparison out there for Trump.
Proof of vid please because I really doubt this. I've seen all his interviews and he never says this.
Are we still not past the failed notion that Trump is just doing this for fun? I thought we were past that theory...
The point is that you must have a really tough time differentiating when something is a joke. You must've missed the part when he followed up by saying, "And tell them we'll mail it back in 2 weeks to them!" Dude, lighten up, it was a joke. They were rude at his rally, he makes them the butt of a joke, the audience laughs. Obviously no one took their coats.
Ok, what Trump is saying is that "We get practically nothing compared to what it costs." When he says it's "peanuts" compared to what it costs us, he is right. Last year we got 866.6 Million from SK. Do you really think this covers the expenses of what the US has to pay? Even if you divided that into the salaries of 28k soldiers, that's only 30k per year per soldier, of which is ridiculous because soldiers make more than that, especially when you consider how many officers are there. Also, that factors in zero equipment costs, transportation costs, base expenses, training exercises, and continued cost of naval presence in the area to deter NK as well. We are paying Billions every year there, likely tens of billions. So Trump isn't saying 866 Million is peanuts. He is saying that it's *peanuts compared to what it costs us*, and he is 100% right. But hey, of course it's "Mostly False" by Politifact. They hate Trump.
It needs to be trimmed, but honestly, it's too bad Rand Paul isn't on the main stage... I'd rather have him there over say, Jeb.
Lol, this makes the assumption that all technologies come from the same parent, and that because the US gov't standardized internet protocols they are essentially responsible for the billions/trillions made on the internet lol. It assumes the private sector would not have just done it themselves if there wasn't already a standard. This is like high school level logic here, and also, one of the most poorly laid-out webpage articles I have read. It seemed like I was almost reading a spam website at first as I tried to figure out where the article was only to then realize that that was the article.
The media is so desperate to smear Trump, ethics be damned.
You have to expand your empathy here a bit in trying to understand why Trump supporters like him. If you think the main reason they like him is his trolling ability, you're not trying very hard.
Or, just buy a baby monitor for 20 bucks and place it on your desk... You know, one of the 50 different brands that has visual LED fluctuation to indicate noise.
And that is what forums and debates are for, not political rallies, lest you'd get 100 people that won't let you give a speech...
This also does not include their discretionary funds for such things.... which is also a lot of money.
Wow dude, lighten up a little. Stop assuming to know what others would do when you don't, especially when it's obviously a joke.
Honestly, him going after Trump is going to make Trump go up in the polls...
The Fed'a balance sheets are audited but not policy and decision making. This bill wants to audit the behavior of the fed, not just that the numbers all line up at the end of the day.
Ok, let me show you why this stat is misleading, and furthermore, why you mistake in making the assumption that all gun lovers are part of the NRA. Ask any gun holder and 2nd amendment proponent, and no matter how conservative they are, they are most-likely going to say, "Yes, we support background checks." But then what happens? Then the Democrats say, "Ok, let's pass this background check bill, oh and by the way, we're going to create a national registry and database of guns and also attach a ban of semi-automatic weapons. Deal?" NO DEAL. Then, the Democrats come out and say, "Republicans don't want background checks, but look at this stat, it shows that most Americans do. It's the NRA's fault!" No, it's we didn't want these attachments to it. Guess what, the Democrats and Republicans almost passed a bi-partisan bill a couple of years back on this very issue, covering the private selling loophole. It was a fantastic bill and it was 100% going to get passed, built on bi-partisan compromise. Do you know what happened? Harry Reid never let it come to vote. Why? Because, it didn't have what he and other far left Democrats wanted in it. Also, in regards to my original point about purple states going red, let's take a look at one example: Colorado. Why Colorado? Well, a few years ago the Democrats had a historic victory in their state, with Democrats had won more local and national positions than they had ever before. It was a HUGE Democrat year. I mean, let's face it, Colorado is a fairly liberal state. Then, the tragedy of the theater shooting struck. Well, immediately after the tragedy these Democrats, most newly elected, immediately went knee-jerk and now in control of the state, voted to implement lots of onerous gun restrictions, all of which wouldn't have even stopped the shooting in the first place. I mean, they went hardcore anti-gun. What happened next? Well, the people of Colorado did not like this. You see, Democrats in Colorado like their guns too and are intelligent enough to understand that they were dumb laws that wouldn't have stopped the shooting anyway. They were upset that these new people who just had this historic victory in their state decided to go hardcore Gun control, which is honestly, mild compared to what the national Democrats want to do. So, in the first time in Colorado's History, they pulled enough votes for a recall election. Not only did the recall election happen, but these people were recalled hard and lost pretty badly. Do you think all of the Democrats in Colorado were just drones of the NRA? Or, is it maybe something intellectually more sound, like they are just Americans that love the freedom of the 2nd amendment and don't want the government telling us what to do with our guns? I am a Democrat and I live in Arizona. This is a non-partisan issue in our purple state. And you know what? Everytime the national Democrats try to push hard gun restrictions, our state goes Red. Hell, even the ACLU of our state, an organization I'd say is just a *bit* liberal, is in open opposition to the national ACLU in the language and terminology they want to use to describe our gun rights. Are we all drones of the NRA here? What if I told you that you can be a constitutional 2nd amendment guy and NOT a member of the NRA? So, whenever I see the national Democrats start talking about gun control measures and whenever I see them try to make this a main campaign issue, I think to myself, these people are going to lose. If Hillary decides to make gun control a main campaign issue she is going to have a tough time winning. Just my opinion.
It's a pretty good read, for something coming from *The Guardian*, but also kind of ridiculous when she is like "They were a good host...and I had great political discussions with people like you would expect at any political rally," and then she ends with, "I guess the bullies and the thugs who were fixtures at other rallies had taken the day off." Or, maybe it's just that the news media has created this false-narrative that all of Trump's supporters are a bunch of racist and bigoted people who hate Muslims and others. I can respect her though. She went with respect, didn't try to make a scene, and went away not necessarily as a convert to Donald Trump, but realizing the crowds weren't quite what had been described to her by the media, unlike the other Muslim earlier this week who was kicked out of a Trump rally. That woman was actually tied to CAIR and a professional activist and professional protester who went to his rally and essentially called Trump Hitler, which you could say leads to some implications on what she thought of the people listening to Trump, contrary to whatever she says she was there to do. This lady was actually peaceful. So, good for her.
I wonder if it has anything to do with Obama authorizing the release of 150 billion in funding at the end of this week... or, Iran is just a nice country now, right? Please... They initially refused to give our sailors back unless the US apologized to them which shows how much Iran really wants to join the league of nations for such a minor thing. I wonder if someone reminded them of the money they were going to get at the end of this week. Hell, with that kind of money they can probably just offer a few billion to North Korea for a nuke.
I saw nothing really offensive with any of these... He's just insulting a few people who insulted him first.
Democrat here. I downvoted your comment because it was unrelated to the OP. :)
The funny thing about this comment, in case people were wondering, is you are 8x more likely to die in a car accident on the way to buy a ticket at the gas station than you are of winning the Power Ball. But hey! Someone wins right? lol And that's how they get people to keep buying...
People know who she is. In reality, this is likely going to cost her. Trump is incredibly popular in her state, as in 15-20 point lead over anyone else. She basically was commissioned by the GOP establishment to attack Trump which was no different than the GOP throwing her to the wolves. It's possible you could see her lose her next election over this. Her loyalty to the party might be her undoing, especially in this anti-establishment year. Also, her rise to power was through the tea party. Her backing the establishment could likely discredit her to potential voters.
Honestly, as soon as someone says they think Trump is not that smart, I instantly assume they must not be that smart for thinking that.
Not really. US was ready to recover our soldiers themselves and Iran decided to detain them. Many occasions has China and Russia come a little into our territory only to be advised of the infraction and at most, escorted back, as civilized nations do. Iran decided to make it political and violated Geneva conventions in using footage and pictures of US soldiers on their knees at gunpoint for propaganda purposes, and then aired video of them locked up. In reality, this never happens ever with any other nation because it's ridiculous. You offer assistance. Hell, even in the Cold War there were plenty of occasions the US encountered troubled Russian vessels and didn't just detain them all. They offered assistance until Russia could get another ship there to retrieve them.
Or 100% intentional and obviously intentional? They were wearing their full American outfits, dancing to a patriotic song, at a political rally. A lot of people may not be aware of this but at nearly every political rally there is like an hour of pre-speakers and songs and so on. Hell, I went to the Bernie event in Tucson a while back and he had a Mexican Mariachi band on stage before he got up. It's not like people don't know this song. Here's one of Ohio State's marching band doing their half-time routine just a couple years ago: [Over There](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKr7DPTEFBQ) (the specific song portion starts at 3 min, but whole routine is great to watch)
Very clever of Cruz honestly. Of course, then Trump turned the table on Cruz on the New York comments, and then pretty much ran the table on everyone the last part of the debate when talking about trade, so we'll see if it mattered. I think Cruz had to do something though. If he sat back and played friendly with Trump, it likely would have come across as disingenuous to his supporters at this debate before the primary. I also think that there is a good chance Trump might actually have increased respect for Cruz here now that he showed he was pretty much the only candidate in 6 months to really hit Trump in any meaningful way. Seriously, people have been trying every debate and nothing I think was actually all that good of a hit on Trump. This one was really thought out lol. Trump I think ended on the higher note, so we'll see.
Omg, thank you for reminding me of the most cringiest thing of both sides of the isle, Hillary invoking 9/11 as the reason Wallstreet gives her so much money. I mean, I almost couldn't believe it when she said that...
Honestly, that's the most messed up thing about this... By bringing in Chelsea to be your attack-dog, you are literally using her as a meat shield, as a buffer. It's pretty messed up. I mean, there was probably some political strategy that said, "Use Chelsea and they won't be able to attack her because now they are untastefully going to attack Hillary's child and we'll spin it that way!" Then Chelsea said some anti-Bernie things that might not go quite according to their original intent or plan, and now they have to throw her under the bus as a result, a move that equally makes Hillary look bad. I mean honestly, she should be out there defending her daughter out of loyalty and her being her daughter. I mean, she could easily spin this into a "Oh she's just so passionate about wanting to support me and help me win, hahaha!" and people would've just let the story disappear in 24hrs. Instead, someone in the campaign that's not Hillary throws Chelsea under the bus and it just looks bad imo, especially with no Hillary statement.
If there is anyone they hate more than Trump, it's Cruz. But ya, you are right. Of course, they didn't exactly praise Trump's response to Cruz's attack, they are merely attacking Cruz here.
Yup, I think this is a fair analysis... though I will say, while Cruz really hit Trump hard on the birther stuff, and really was the first candidate in 7 months to come out on top in an attack, but then the New York values thing Trump didn't just hit Cruz hard, he buried him... I mean hell, Cruz realized the error real fast when he clapped to what Donald said too. Plus [look at what's happening on Twitter](https://twitter.com/JoeBowmaster/status/687834858219909121) - Massive trend #NewYorkValues Now, I think it's fairly obvious what Cruz was saying in that New York is a fairly liberal place and Trump's not a true conservative considering where he comes from, but I also think the Iowans saw how hard Trump hit Cruz back that it may have completely neutralized any gains Cruz would have gotten for the night. I mean Trump ended the debate on the higher note. So, we'll have to wait to see the polls over the next week, and I am dying to know which direction they are going. If anything is certain though, Trump is probably going up nationally like you said.
You guys are so damn ignorant. Really? Guys, this is a 4th of July parade float performance singing to the tune of the classic Patriotic song "Over There" from the early 20th century. Their outfits are even supposed to reflect the time era. It's just a fun and cute performance... Do you guys also find [Obama's use of children singing a song directly about him and praising him](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdPSqL9_mfM&amp;bpctr=1452868734) equally or more disturbing? I mean hell, these kids are actually singing Obama's name and praise, whilst these 3 girls are singing and dancing to ["Over There"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6hRDS3LvQQ)
TL;DR Because Trump had not promised to guarantee all first responders to be taken care of for the rest of their lives during the debate, and even though the question was never proposed in the debate, he let them down, anything to this article. Note: Trump has been very pro taking care of them and this is just an anti-Trump hit piece that is trying to kill the buzz of Trump's debate performance since they clearly don't like Trump.
My point is what did that have anything to do with the answer he gave in the debate? Just because he has not specifically responded to some specific letter doesn't mean he's against the idea. This is outright trying to say that Trump does not want to help first responders which is total BS.
Should probably be in /r/funny, not here.
Look, I get what you are saying, but he said he had just gotten past secret service and had been in barely 1 min. What happened is this: He gets through the first barrier, the security checkpoint, then he actually meets the people running the campaign event and they say, "Sorry, you can't come in" and then made him leave. He was not setup, he had not found seating, he had not joined up with the other journalists... he didn't get past the 2nd barrier. The most-likely reason is because he was late to the event and Trump was already speaking and it would be disruptive to have people coming and going in such a small venue. I mean seriously, this was a pizza joint. Was he denied entry earlier in the day at the other event? No. He had no issues getting into that. Of course, that event he was on-time. That event was also a small event with only room for about 250 people. Larger venues you could probably get away with moving people in, but this is a small restaurant. He even tried to deflect this argument that would be used against him by trying to say it wasn't his fault he was late because the stop was unannounced.
Whoever commented already, you're shadowbanned, just fyi.
TL;DR - Author believes Trump is a racist so he is comparing him to notable racist during the civil rights struggle in the 1960s. It's also a bad comparison.
I hate to be the downer... but Bernie is going to really have a hard time from South Carolina on. I know you guys might downvote this, but the reality is that the Southern Democrats find that someone who claims to be a socialist is worse than someone claiming to be an atheist. While Bernie might be closing the gap in Iowa, he still has like a 40+ deficit in pretty much every southern state. Also, Iowa and NH wins are *not* winner takes all states, unlike South Carolina. I am just saying, be hopeful, but keep your expectations in check or you are setting yourself up for some major disappointment.
Car dealerships are more cars per month than day, but ya, with a car Dealership, you likely are getting a commission on each sale. Best Buy is asking for revenue per hour just so you can maintain your 9 bucks per hr. Whether you are 10k per hour and the other person is 2k per hour, you'll both be making the same.
Yup, programmer myself and I once thought, "Oh, that'd be fun, video game development..." Then, I looked at comparable salaries and expectations and I saw entry level game dev jobs at like 40k per year, and entry level everything else at like 70k+... I guess I wasn't as passionate about games as I thought lol. Also, and this may sound judgemental, but some of the most annoying people in my CS classes were the poor-hygiene, anime loving, "Teacher, I am raising my hand to ask a question only to show everyone how smart I am" kind of people. Now, not all were like that, but in my attempts to distance myself from that crowd, it almost seemed universal that they all had their minds set on game development. And hell, honestly, I hate programming in C++ and so much of game dev is done in it. Give me C# and Full Stack development and the job opportunities are high paying and everywhere.
I'll be honest, when I see people try to claim that Trump is a bad business guy because then I instantly assume they must not be that smart.
Even if it's just a 5% boost, that's more than enough to secure victory though. But you're right, she's not as influential as she used to be.
I wouldn't say it's abandoning... it's more like finally accepting the inevitability of Trump, and if they don't get behind him now, the GOP is going to split. In other words, Americans want to make the country great again more than they are loyal to their party and the establishment hates it, but thanks to Trump, are finally getting in line. Of course, this isn't completely true. I still suspect they are going to put one more mass anti-Trump rush out there right before Iowa hits...
I don't see how this statement is wrong. No single candidate has ever been attacked more than Trump. Sure, Obama got hit pretty hard by Republicans, but he was still the chosen one of the Democrats and constantly praised by the media. The only one not praising Obama was Fox News. Now, look at Trump. He has been attacked by essentially everyone on all sides. He was attacked by both the Republican and the Democrat establishment. I'd say to this day, Trump is attacked more harshly by Fox News pundits than even CNN or MSNBC, it's kind of amazing. Seriously, go check out Fox News, and if it isn't Sean Hannity, the lone guy supporting Trump over at Fox, he's pretty much being called all the names in the book as well as all of his followers as well. Nothing like this has ever happened before. But why do they hate him so much? It's because he's one, the guy that doesn't seem to care about what the media has to say, nor fear them, and two, he has zero loyalties to any political parties, even though he is running as a Republican (not all that diff. from Bernie, the independent, running as a Democrat), and whether you disagree with him or not, or like him or not, it's fairly easy to see how anti-Trump everyone is. Hell, even the president of the US, Obama, mentioned Trump in his State of the Union speech, though not by name, but everyone knew who he was talking about. Seriously!? The outgoing President mentions a primary candidate in the SOTU speech? This whole thing is virtually unheard of. I also think they want to destroy him more than ever before because all sides feel threatened by him, even if they deny it. When you have Trump polling better among black people better than any Republican has in over 50 years, and when you have Trump polling better among Hispanics, contrary to what the media keeps saying about how they all hate him, better than McCain or Romney did, and when you have crazy polls come out saying as many as 1 in 5 independent leaning Democrats might defect to support Trump if Hillary gets the nomination, and when you see a couple hundred million dollars invested into Republican candidates all to go down the tube to Trump who has spent peanuts on the campaign trail, you can begin to understand why they hate him so much.
I mean, I don't really buy the argument that the Democrats lost control of the House and Senate *only* because of Citizens United and the flow of money. It also seems rather disingenuous of her to be saying all of this on the one side, but then be accepting all of this money herself on the other side. Also, reading it, this does *NOT* even sound like her voice at all. It is a very academic sounding article, and by that I mean it follows certain rules of writing, almost like bullet points with supporting evidence. It makes me question if she even wrote it because I *have* read some other things she has written that actually sound like her voice. This doesn't at all. Now, it could be nothing, but then go compare this to Trump's latest book *Crippled America*. Reading it, you can just hear Trump's voice in your head and you can tell that he 100% wrote the book himself. I think of it like this... Remember Mitt Romney? Apparently in the last election, if his campaign wanted to tweet something, it went through 17 steps and 17 people before it could be approved to be tweeted, to avoid gaffes and so on. It was like the epitome of fake Washington politics. I see Hillary as being the same. I see this essay as essentially just being that... not necessarily what she wants to say from the heart, but every bit what the campaign and all the people running her campaign thinks should be said. This probably went through an endless barrage of approval before ever hitting CNN... I mean, I can't confirm it, but I wouldn't be surprised if that were true. I think this is why people like Hillary Clinton are losing popularity, or Jeb Bush is not well-liked, because they feel inauthentic. Bernie, like him or hate him, he feels authentic. Trump, like him or hate him, you can tell he's not having a team of people approve his tweets. I mean hell, occasionally when he live tweets some event, he'll tweet within 30 seconds of something happening his opinion. You know sure as hell he's the man behind the words, at least most of the time. I am sure on some off hour occasions he has people posting event updates and busy tweets and such, but the other stuff is all him. I think it will be a good day for our country if this election can be a Bernie vs Trump election. It will show the establishment in power is maybe not as powerful as they once thought.
TL;DR - Trump is sporadic and unplanned and improvises all his statements and positions, and thus will be unfit for Presidency. In my assessment, I think the biggest mistake of the media over the last 8 months of Trump is assuming Trump has not been 100% calculated in his statements. Trump knows exactly what he's doing and he's constantly made a fool of the media as they play to him over and over again with the endless free coverage. Hell, even his first video ad. Hilariously, the media all panned the ad, and then spent the next week laughing at it and criticizing it, whilst also playing it thousands of times for free for Trump on every network, essentially giving him millions of dollars worth of free advertising. The funny thing is that in Trump's book "The Art of the Deal" he lays out exactly how to control the media and his whole campaign has been 100% reflective of his strategy. And there, out in the open for all to see, they still fall for it. This article is no different. They just assume Trump is spurting improvised things... If you still believe that after all these months well, denial is a word you might want to read up on.
And Trump has spent like 2 million in video ads lol.
Seriously lol. Plus, if Trump wasted his time to do it people would easily spin the story, "Trump cares more about what people in the UK think about him than Americans!" No Alex, the only publicity to be gained here is your own.
And the media too! Seriously, they all were bashing Trump's first video ad so much the week it was released, on like every possible network, playing it over and over again, they essentially gave Trump like 10 million in free advertising. At this point I am almost dumbfounded they don't realize this is all completely calculated by Trump at this point. Over and over they fall for Trump's game. I mean, or, they know about it but they are just getting so much of a ratings boost just by talking about Trump they just don't care. The way they talk about Trump though, they still seem convinced he's going to self-implode any day now, and that he is completely improvising it all. I can't believe so many still believe that.
The thing I don't get is I told my wife last night I thought Sarah Palin was cringey and they if trump makes her hid VP he is going to sink his campaign. Then she got all offended saying she really likes her because she's a strong woman in politics,a role model, and a mom. My wife is fairly liberal with pro planned parenthood views and such. I don't get it. I am not kidding. I've liked Trump for months now and my wife had totally dismissed him saying he's shallow and only married super model types and so on, but for whatever reason, last night, she sat next to me and listened to his speech I played... And actually reacted. I was shocked!
Well, not an official Trump ad. Someone made a fan-made ad and it was essentially retweeted in support of Trump, or you can say, reposted on Trump's Facebook page. If people think this is what's going to stump Trump... I doubt it. Also, it's just stock footage. The message was conveyed fairly well. I doubt 99% of the people that watch this 40 sec. ad with veterans are going to notice the 3 seconds it shows a chest shot of Russian veterans. Basically they took Trump making one of his Instagram video statements of the veterans and then spliced in video of veterans. You can see the full ad [HERE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR1kSCioovg)
Is this the same Whoopi who gave an impassioned speech to Rand Paul about how Fully automatic machine guns should be banned, and then Rand Paul goes, "Well, they are already banned," and then proceeded to explain the difference between semi-auto and automatic, and then immediately after explaining it to her in a way a 3rd grader would understand, she once again says, "No American needs a fully automatic machine gun!" clearly having ignored everything Rand Paul stated. That Whoopi? I won't be sad. Too bad, I liked her better in Star Trek the Next Generation with her couple of appearances.
You mean the house the lady didn't actually care about but was holding out as long as possible to sell it to trump at far above value? Look, I am not a huge fan of imminent domain, bit it's not like the property is stolen. The land/homes are purchased from these people, not taken away, and often they get more than market value.
TL;DR - The keynote speaker is anti-Trump, and the hosts are anti-Trump, and supposedly it's going to be an 8 man anti-Trump orgy (though interestingly Christ Christi said he has no plans to attack Trump... aiming for VP now maybe?). So, Trump, with a 20 point lead in New Hampshire, decides he'd skip the hate fest and instead campaign in Iowa where it's a little tighter. The funny thing is several of the candidates are expressing how it's not fair Trump is doing as well in NH because they have spent more time in the state than him and because he hasn't dedicated as much time, he doesn't deserve the lead he has... Seriously...
Wow, that is actually kind of amazing the views that site is getting. I mean, I had heard Drudge was popular among conservatives, but averaging nearly 20 million *UNIQUE* hits per month, as in new readers, with nearly 8 billion views over the last year? That is some crazy high stats. Wow.
I live in a purple state. Guns are a non-partisan issue here. Both Democrats and Republicans lover our guns here. As soon as the national Democrats go hard-on for gun control, our state goes red every time. Focus on mental health and such, and maybe you can do something. Ideas like the blanket banning of all assault weapons is an ignorant and ineffective tactic that always pisses people off, yet if you listen to the Democrat debates, they all can't wait to ban everyone's guns. The real question should be asked: How do swing states feel about gun control issues? Guess what, they don't want the government telling them which guns they can own.
Bloomberg is far too liberal to win Republican votes.
Ah yes, for the sake of the establishment, you must vote for who we say you should vote for. Mark my words, while this seems to be happening exclusively on the Republican side, over the next couple of weeks of Bernie's surge you'll be hearing the exact same thing from the Democrats, "For the sake of the Democratic party, Bernie must lose." Maybe what's going on is these political parties need to change to what the people want, not the other way around.
An example of Government ineptness. 16.2 million for architecture expenses just drawing up plans!? That is insane! For context, Donald Trump paid his architecture firm 1.4 million who designed the plans for one of his 90 story skyscrapers of apartments/condos. Is a stadium really that more complex? No, it's the government saying "Throw all this money at it to get what we want!" Now, I don't have a problem as much with subsidies. Sometimes giving them a tax holiday is a good idea to get the business to your city, but once you say, "We'll give you $100 million to help build it as well," I think crosses the line of when it's no longer a good deal for the city. There may be exceptions, but just my opinion. It's kind of like Phoenix, AZ - there is a hockey team. Not a wildly popular team, but it's there. The team was going to leave Arizona, and the city of Phoenix says they are going to spend $150 million to help them stay. Really!? Are we going to see that back in tax revenue? The stands are never full for those hockey games. I just don't get it. Waste, waste, waste...
Ok thank you for pointing that out. I just figured Glendale was a part of Phoenix, but I guess it's a suburb of the city. But ya, I was reading about it and I couldn't believe how stupid they were to keep giving money for something that was never going to generate the revenue they needed.
If you think that's Trump's work desk. This is just his ego room, his ego office. This isn't his work space. Trump's given tours of that office and it's basically his "Here are all my mementos, memorabilia and memorable photos and such office and I read all my newspapers here desk. For someone as busy and works as much as Trump, do you think he doesn't have a wide open clear space to work on? That's just his ego room in his home.
He's said the system needs to be changed many times...
Ok, I saw this... Nowhere at all do they bring up the politics of it or Hillary. I think this movie is a lot like Black Hawk Down. Remember that? That was largely blamed on Bill Clinton and there was a lot of talk of trying to smear Bill over it. You see the movie and it was a about the heroism and bravery of some of our best Spec Ops soldiers and zero politics. I would say the left has done their best to try to smear the movie more than anything and I'll just say that 13 Hours reminds me much more of a Black Hawk Down kind of movie. People just assume it's an anti-Hillary movie cause of the timing. Lots of people panned the movie before it even came out. It really is good. It's worth watching. I'd recommend seeing it.
Colbert's character he played on Comedy Central was much more funny than real-life Liberal Colbert. I wouldn't actually consider this "laying waste" to someone...
Honestly, this makes him seem more human because it's actually kind of funny... asking an 18 year old what he wants to do with his life? And he goes, "Star in a teen tits movie, like Malibu bikini shop or something." lol and then he ads, "Oh and become rich and powerful and take over the world!" It was just a joke video. Look, I am no Cruz guy but this is just dumb.
Imo, the problem with Rand Paul is that he is a great ideas guy, but, to win an election you have to appeal to people's emotions. Every president that ever won knew how to make a lot of people feel emotionally connected to the election. Look at Obama with his hope and change. Rand is a great guy who you can tell is a principled guy that isn't bought and paid for. But, he's not exactly firing people up. It's a personality thing and also any I think someone like him would be a great Majority leader in the senate.
It's a good question. I'd say this is 99% most-likely misunderstanding of the doctrine. The church emphasizes going to the temple and receiving an endowment so much, and getting eternally sealed so much that often people will forget that it is for the highest degree of the Celestial kingdom and just lump it all together.
Just so you know, the entire last week, every single Kelly segment except for maybe her surprise analysis of the recent poll where he's up 11 pts in Iowa, she's been basically having a conglomerate of anti-Trump hosts and constant panels completely stacked with anti-Trump people. She's often had zero opposing viewpoints on her panel, just 3 anti-Trump people circle-jerking about how bad he is while she half-smiles and goes "Oh I don't know, we'll see," pretending to be an unbiased reporter. So, Trump may be right, that Kelly is biased against him, but I don't think Trump is serious nor does he believe that Kelly shouldn't be hosting this the debate. but by him saying this he's going to take up a whole new news cycle, once again where everyone keeps him front page and top story on the political sites about how he doesn't want to do the debate , and the MSM will likely try to see he's "scared" and then he'll go on their shows and yell at them for being such pushovers, and then go up 2-3 more points in the polls just in time for the newest debate. Anyway, this is going to be Trump's most dangerous debate though. Really everyone's, but this is Trump's race to lose at this point, and the MSM and the establishment, and even the conservative elitists are all going to try to dog-pile him. The *only* exception I can think is some candidates may choose to go nice on Trump as they realize they have zero chance and are now bidding for the VP slot (like Chris Christie has already stated he has no plans to attack Trump). But, he is 100% going to the debate, and once again the media is falling for him tactics and giving him another cover story.
Yup, the same thing has happened to Trump from CNN and he points it out to them. For example, The Des Moines Register had an Iowa poll that had Ted Cruz at like 28 to Trump 27, whilst CNN's own poll had Cruz at 20 to Trump's 33. CNN completely ignored their own poll and only reported on the Cruz beating Trump poll. It was funny because Trump was like, "Your poll was more professionally done and you guys spent a lot of money on it, but you won't even quote your own poll, you choose to use someone else's poll because it doesn't look as good for me." They are 100% doing this on purpose to Bernie too now. It's funny because the next 2 polls to come out of Iowa showed the CNN poll to likely have been more accurate as Trump had a 9 pt and 11 pt lead in the other ones. CNN is very dishonest.
Guys, I know this seems wimpy, but in reality, Fox News has been tweeting anti-Trump stuff all week, and Megyn Kelly has been running full anti-Trump circle jerk panels on her show every single night for the last 2 weeks, so Trump is like "What is this? This is ridiculous!" Think of it this way, how do you think people here would be reacting if the network and the lead moderator of a Democratic debate was anti-Bernie? People would cheer for him if he chose to not attend.
TL;DR Falwell is the President of Liberty University. I didn't know when I heard the name so I looked it up. I guess it's the largest evangelical type of University, as in there are other Christian Universities, like BYU and Notre Dame, but this is not an "exclusive" denomination as evangelicals typically make up many community or local churches and wouldn't be labeled protestant. Though, many Catholics/protestants still attend them, I am just making the point that it's not a religiously run University under the umbrella of a specific denomination.
Elizabeth Warren is a classic example of the type of politicians Donald Trump accuses most of them being... they are all talk, no action. Warren is one of the biggest talkers, but I rarely see her proactively do anything about it. She's a talker, not a fighter, not a doer. Ya, she'll have one token then she tries to do a year and then tells everyone, "See, I am fighting for you!" and now all I hear is more talk and more talk from here, no action.
No, Donald Trump did not say that, what he did say is that "Medicare should be able to negotiate drug prices." Many on the right have also advocated this. Negotiating drug prices is not somehow an exclusive thing of the left...
If there is much of a fallout... A lot of people forget, but Reagan also skipped the Iowa caucus debate in 1980 but still went on to win the primary. Trump has a much bigger lead than Reagan ever had. Still, it's yet to be seen... But I suspect that Trump coupling his skipping of the event with his own planned event is going to be fairly huge on its own in generating support for Trump. I am not so certain this will hurt him.
Wow, Megyn Kelly looks so much hotter now...
This is just ridiculous. The whole thing started the night of the first debate... Also, this isn't so much anti-Kelly, though that is part of it, as much as it is about Fox New's really immature press-release. Trump was doing the debate until their ridiculous press release, and he decided not to. Their press release was one of the saddest pieces of professional journalism I have ever seen. I really don't blame him. I mean, it really made it look like this debate was going to be 100% an anti-Trump fest... Why bother??
I really don't think he is going to be there last time. And also, I disagree... the first Fox debate was ZERO about policy or positions of pretty much any of the candidates, but none moreso than Donald Trump. I mean, Kelly's questions were very leading in the first debate... Her initial question to him was essentially, "You hate women and insult them. Why would they vote for you?" I mean, maybe not exactly as I put it, but that's essentially what I got. And oh man, when he goes "Only Rosie O'Donnell" and the whole audience started laughing, you could tell she was so visibly pissed lol. Regardless, this isn't as much about Kelly as it is about Fox News. Trump had already said he was going to go to the debate even though Kelly was moderating, and then Fox News started tweeting up a storm of anti-Trump stuff, and then they had the most ridiculous press release of any top tier news company of all time, that he goes, "I am not going to be toyed with like this..." and then he pulled out. I would bet 500 bucks he doesn't show on Thursday night.
The thing about Trump is that he doesn't care if you are male or female... He holds back on no one. He equally dishes it out to both sexes. Unlike others, Trump might actually be the least sexist of all because he treats everyone exactly the same regardless of sex. The more sexist ideology is that women need to be treated different and less harshly than men, and that insulting women at all is sexist whilst it's ok to insult men. Trump insults men just as much as he insults women for their looks. He is not a respecter of persons or race or sex. I really believe that Trump is probably the least sexist of them all because of this.
Holy crap, I just watched some of her youtube videos out of curiosity, and ya, she is so anti-Trump and she is going to be playing a key part of the debate in asking questions... Is this guest moderator there for anyone but Trump? Nope, didn't think so.: [SEE FOR YOURSELF](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQXxvhsRRUo#t=05m15s)
Donald Trump also Tripled his favorability in the last 3 months among Republicans, which has never happened before. He was initially very much unliked by Republicans too, and in just a few months that all changed. [Here is a throwback article in June 2015] (http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/why-donald-trump-isnt-a-real-candidate-in-one-chart/) in which Trump was declared "not a real candidate" because his favorability ratings were nearly the lowest of any candidate in history and they declared Trump a fake candidate and impossible to win the primary. Now he's leading every national poll by 20%. All I am saying is that I wouldn't put all your eggs in one basket with that Nate Silver prediction.
lol I honestly cannot see Bloomberg pulling votes from Trump... he is too far left. If anything he'd pull votes from Hillary/Bernie.
Trump has stated about a dozen different ways he can get Mexico to pay for it... but I guess Politifact must've missed those ones. For example, he's talked about alternative means than just a "tariff" if Mexico refuses to, for example, mandating significantly higher fees for money wire transfers back to Mexico, of which billions goes out of the US every single year by the Mexicans working in the US and sending a % of their money back to Mexico. And many others. He's basically saying it'll depend on the negotiations with Mexico what they decide to do, but there are many ways to do it.
Trump is the war monger? He's the one that was anti-Iraq war, and has been anti-intervention with the middle east since the beginning. The *only* anti-war people are Trump, Sanders, and Paul... everyone else wants to go to war in Syria, including warmonger Hillary.
Bombing the hell out of the oil is not exactly war-mongering. Just because you want to destroy ISIS doesn't make you a warmonger, it makes you logical. Wanting to overthrow the leader in Syria and backing rebel forces to do it, after Iraq's regime change failed and Lebanon's regime change failed, and you still keep backing military action, now that is warmongering.
And that's going to be the headline, "CNN gets better ratings than FOX for the first time in 10 years! All thanks to Trump!" Honestly, even if you don't like Trump, I'd say just tuning in to watch him tomorrow night will help the establishment and the media know they aren't truly the ones in control. They've been trying to collude and destroy Bernie, it's just 10x worse against Trump because he's been in the lead for so long. Bernie only recently surged and boom, the hit-squad media is now full force against Bernie because the establishment already pre-anointed Hillary to be their chosen one.
If you watch Megyn Kelly, it's essentially 24/7 anti-Trump. She's probably more anti-Trump than MSNBC/CNN hosts. I mean the last 2 weeks, every single night has essentially been full panel anti-Trump circle jerks. She wasn't doing this to him 5 years ago.
The only reason I don't agree with this is because there is not competing network to absorb all the lost viewers. Fox News is the only conservative Mainstream network. Yes, there are some alternative online sources, but no major network. As such, even though people may want to leave their addiction to Fox News behind, they will start looking and realize there is nowhere else to turn.
You know, and I am not trying to lessen the seriousness of the corruption we do have, but having lived in Europe, several 3rd world African nations, and even a year in the UK, one of the things most refreshing about the US is the lack of low level corruption. I am not saying it doesn't exist, buy just pointing out that low level corruption almost everywhere else.
Seriously so much bias here. Trump wanted *ALL* vendors removed from 5th Avenue, so this article points out that there were some veterans that had setup shop... This article very well could easily have been titled, "Trump wanted to kick struggling single Mom of 3 kids off Fifth Avenue" just because there happened to be a person matching that description that had setup shop or was working on 5th ave. The hit-pieces keep on coming...
Yup, definitely Huckabee... the other one could be anyone. Prob either Santorum or Christie, but I am leaning towards Santorum. Christie wants to be number one in the debate. You know what would be absolutely hilarious though!? If Jeb said he wants to join the event lol. That'd probably never happen though. Long shot maybe for Carson too. I don't see any of the others wanting to join.
Actually what happened is Trump want *ALL* vendors removed from 5th Ave., no matter who they were. This is just trying to say that because a couple of people were Vets that somehow Trump was singling them out. It's a smear piece and very slanted. There was no respecter or who was on 5thAve, just Trump wanted all of them gone.
The problem is the conservative elitists on the right have morphed Conservative to be this anti-Gay, pro-Christian, originalist constitutional ideology, and if you don't tow the line with that, these elitists label you as not a true conservative. They are pissed that while Trump wants a leaner, less wasteful, less intrusive government, but is also ok with boosting social security instead of cutting it. They are pissed Trump seems to not follow the *correct* ideologies and party lines exactly. Trump seems to follow neither Democrat nor Republican/Conservative ideologies. Trump is not trying to prove he is the most qualified to be a Sunday School teacher, and this pisses them off, and they are all having aneurysms because no matter how much they tell their followers to not support Trump, it's not working. Imo, the real reason they are so anti-Trump is the power. The mainstream media hates Trump so much because he is the one candidate that has manipulated them and no matter how hard they have tried, they have not been able to take down. Hell, he's the one person that doesn't seem to fear the media at all. The conservative elitists are no different. They're an exclusive club and only they can anoint and ordain people to join it. Only they could give their seal of approval to people... and because they said Trump can't be a part of it, they are fighting him. Think about this for a second... The Republican frontrunner is 25-30pts ahead of the 2nd place candidate nearly every national poll. Yet, the Republican leadership is telling everyone they shouldn't support him. They are attacking their own frontrunner. It's insanity. It shows how little the actual political party represents the actual people of the party and how they are more interested in preserving their power interests. A lot of people forget that politics is power, and politics in their pockets means billions and billions of dollars. Trump is the wild card you cannot control. The people love it, but those in power don't. The reason Rush Limbaugh has been able to not just stay relevant for decades, but the far #1 leader on the radio, is because he has been able to put his finger on the pulse of America and read it well. You don't have to like him or agree with him here to see this. While all the other media pundits have been anti-Trump talking about his downfall, Limbaugh has been saying, "I don't know, I think Trump's America first nationalism is going to be quite popular," and he was right. Now, he says he thinks Trump stepping away from the debate is probably the right choice and he completely gets it, whilst nearly all the other media heads are like "trump's first mega mistake!" They are just pissed at Liimbaugh now too because he has chosen not to jump on the anti-Trump dogpile like everyone else and look at what has happened? He stays relevant another 8 years when Trump wins the presidency (if that happens). I started a Bernie supporter and I am now 100% a full-fledged Trump supporter because I believe he is the only person who actually stands a chance of rewriting the playbook in Washington and doing something for the benefit of the people for a change. Anericans are Trump's priority. America first!
For context, Huckabee and Santorum are pretty much the only 2 guys who have refused to attack Donald Trump over all the debates and I am guess Trump extended the actual invite directly and only to them.
Software developer here (not on this project of course lol)... I will say that the most-likely problem with this is that there is a central "brain" processor for like a dozen other processors, if not more, and the biggest problem is getting them all to talk to each other nicely. Now, I am sure there's a ton of other deficiencies, but rumors are going around that this Lockheed project one, had a terrible infrastructural design from the beginning, and as such, the code bloat to make up for the deficiencies has been huge. Furthermore, we are likely talking about 20-30 million lines of code with 1000 programmers stationed at 20 different coding sites around the country, and you expect there not to be massive issues? I think the bigger problem with the project is they decided to retool everything custom for the F-35, all the radar, all the targeting, and everything rather than recycle the incredibly working software used in other jets, like the F-22. Then there's the question about the one-size-fits-all theoretical design.
Since I didn't know, I looked it up: HBCU = Historically Black Colleges and Universities. Essentially what they are are 2ndary education institutes setup before desegregation laws of 1964, so they used to be Black only colleges. Well, technically you can't have a Black only university now as that would be a form of reverse discrimination. So, while they have open enrollment for anyone now, they can't call themselves a "Black University" so they came up with this new term, HBCU to designate themselves apart. I have no opinion on Bernie's efforts to make inroads here, just informing those who didn't know what HBCU was, like me, until now.
I saw 13 Hours. It's actually a great film. It reminds me of films like Black Hawk Down. Remember that one? A lot of people blamed Clinton for that mess, and maybe rightfully so. But did Black Hawk Down come across as a movie trying to make a political statement or a movie trying to show the heroism and bravery of our special force soldiers? That's right BHD was not political at all. Guess what, neither was 13 Hours. It was a really good movie and actually, imo, some of the best stuff Michael Bay has ever done, because this movie felt very human and very real, and absolutely respected the memory of the fallen, and the bravery of those that were there on the ground, and not once did it bring any politics or even hint at politics in it. I like what John Krasinski(Jim from the office who stars in the movie) said, that he was pissed at both Republicans for trying to politicize the movie, but also Democrats on the left who outright dismissed the movie by claiming it was political. He says the movie itself was not political and I have to agree just having seen it now.
That must be why Carl Icahn and many others of the best business minds in the world say that Trump *IS* a good businessman, right? No one in the actual business world that knows Trump actually thinks he's a poor businessman. The only ones that door are anti-Trump journalists and the people who believe their poorly thought-out arguments. You don't get to 5-10 billion in worth by being a bad businessman.
Let's see, Trump has a published Tax policy plan, Bernie Sanders doesn't... Trump has more official published policies on his website than Bernie does. Who doesn't have policies now? It's ok, it's not your fault. The media has chosen to misreport this about Trump endlessly so I don't really hold it against you for thinking that. In reality, that's an anti-Trump talking point by the media, where they try to see he is all bluster but no substance and no policies. You hear it over and over again... "Trump has no policies" because they want you to believe that lie. Trump has been very clear on all of his policies and of all the candidates, he is the one candidate that will go on any talk show, left or right leaning, and answer every single question, no matter how ridiculous, that is asked. You don't have to agree with him, but be careful to not just become a victim of the the Mainstream media who is telling you what to think, especially because what they are doing to Trump, misrepresenting his statements and his positions and trying to burn him to the ground, they are also trying to do the same thing to Bernie Sanders. Why? These guys are not welcome in the Washington mainstream club... these guys are outsiders. These guys will not tow the party lines and will both be fighting for the people, even if from different philosophical and economic ideologies. It's why I like Bernie and Trump, even though they are just so different. At least you know what you are getting by voting for them. Pretty much every other candidate you don't really know who is really playing puppeteer with them behind the scenes.
The problem with this though is the concept of displacement of funding. In other words, because they are getting the funding there, this allows the other non-abortion side of PP to spend more money how they wish. If they got zero money from the government, the abortion side of the business might have to actually subsidize the other side of the business that provides a lot of free services to low income women, and as such, less money would be able to be spent on something discretionary, like political donations or ad buys here. But, because the abortion side of the business does not need to send money over to the government donated side, they are able to displace the funds. Or, it could be the other way around where the abortion side is getting subsidized, but they say that the government money is 100% going to care. Well, ya, but this allowed you to displace funds to the abortion side. This is why the government funding of PP still remains controversial.
LOL
Dude, the guy is the one who funded and built the Vietnam Memorial in NYC in 1985 and has been an outspoken proponent of the Veterans for decades. He has personally helped tons of veterans, and often he helps people without making a show out of it. For example, remember that Marine that was arrested in Mexico a couple of years back? Turns out that a couple of this Marine's friends leaked that Trump actually not only helped get him back into the US, of which Hillary Clinton did very little, but also gave him some startup money to get his life going again. Trump later confirmed it was true when asked. He does this stuff all the time away from the media's attention because he doesn't make a spectacle of it all unless it's to do a big fundraiser. Trump has hosted many major veteran's fundraisers over the years. This isn't exactly new news. I am gonna guess you just *think* that because Trump is doing stuff for vets now this is something new. You must not have been listening to Trump for the last 40 years.
I could tell you that Donald Trump donated over 100 million to veterans directly and you'd still argue it wasn't enough. It is clear from reading your comments in this thread that you don't actually care, you just want to hate Trump. As long as he didn't give 90% of all his income to the vets over his lifetime it probably wouldn't be enough. Hell, even then you'd probably go, "But is he a regular blood donor too? Oh he's not!? Hypocrite!" The real problem here is your bias and hatred of Trump is clouding your judgement. People can never do enough. Trump raises a lot of money for the vets and the only thing you can see is the negative. What a shame.
Well you clearly didn't even watch the event. There was a veteran's group that spoke at the event, or did you miss that part? All she said is they were finalizing the details so she couldn't comment on it. It had literally been half a day since they decided to do the event and you are pissed she wasn't ready to announce a published list of charities? Dude, your bias is really clouding your judgement here and making you just anti-Trump for the sake of being anti-Trump.
TL;DR I am from the future... You don't have to believe it. Iowa: Trump wins, Bernie wins NH: Trump wins, Bernie wins SC: Trump wins, Hillary wins Overall Republican: Trump runs the table til the end, accepts his party's nomination at an uncontested convention. Overall Democrat: Hillary goes on to win most southern states, and dominates super Tuesday, and with securing both SC, and Florida, the first two "Winner takes all" states, she goes on to win the nomination. This upsets a lot of people because the Democrats are actually also in an anti-establishment rebellion, just like the Republicans, only they didn't let it happen until it was too late... Many Democrats feel unrepresented by Hillary and lose interest in the presidential race as a whole, especially the younger generation, but especially the country as a whole. Hillary fails to inspire and excite the masses, but Trump does. Many the declared they'd never vote for Trump if he wins the primary change their minds. Glenn Beck has a psychological meltdown, feels depressed, and thinks God is punishing him because his company "The Blaze" stops doing well and begins to go under, but he has a religious awakening that Trump is actually the right one for the Republicans because he finds it likely that Beck's chosen one, Ted Cruz, has potential to be nominated to the supreme court by Donald Trump, so even though he doesn't like Trump, it is God's will in Glenn Beck's mind that he winds to be used as a "tool" in God's hand to do God's work. Glenn's new business venture starts to do a little better because he is no longer alienating 75% of his audience again and hinting that he is the reincarnation of George Washington. Rush Limbaugh says "I told you so" when he has been positive about Trump since the beginning whilst nearly all other conservative talk show hosts (except maybe Hannity or Savage), have been outrageously anti Trump. Donald Trump names a decorated military general as his VP choice and none of the Republican candidates. Donald Trump shifts his focus to the economy and jobs in the general election and garners many unexpected union endorsements... the first most notably is going to be Teamsters union, one of the largest in the country and will come shortly after his nomination as Republican candidate for President, which shocks the left and upsets Hillary greatly and the Democrats greatly. Trump hosts a massive rally that has over 50,000 people show up whilst Hillary hosts a rally the same day with less than 300 people showing up. The most brutal guerrilla warfare of any campaign in the history of the country happens against Trump. The Bildeberg group leaders denounce Trump because the candidate in their pocketbook is not him, but more importantly, because they find Trump far too unpredictable and uncontrollable, and unlikely to get on focus of believing in the creation of one country and one currency of the world. The media continues to slander Trump constantly whilst praising Hillary. CNN is once again nicknamed by everyone the Clinton News Network by everyone. Bernie Sanders endorses Hillary and promises to support her. Trump wins several unexpected states in the general that no one thought any Republican could win, and goes on to win the nomination with 46/50 states and the popular vote by over 8 million votes. Side Note: Secret Service admit that Donald Trump has been the hardest person ever to protect because he has so many enemies that see him coming to challenge the status quo. People will kill when there are billions at stake. Secret Service keeps Trump safe. Hillary retires from politics, burnt out and tired. Trump, day 1, immediately revokes several of Obama's executive orders. He executive orders the right for military personnel to carry licenses firearms on base. Trump gets rid of most of the ridiculousness of having 5 chefs at the White House, and an endless barrage of tax-payer funded servants and states that he will personally pay for any amenity staff expenses himself so the taxpayers don't have to fun it. Trump donates his Presidential salary to a Veteran's charity each year. Trump, in the first week, fires all senior level management of the Veteran's organization. Even if some were not bad, the culture needs to be remade of the organization, so it's whitewashed and remade. Trump tells everyone it's time to deport millions of illegals and build the wall! The Democrats and the nation collectively freak out but Trump holds his ground saying it's going to happen. The Democrats don't realize that Trump is "Art of the Dealing" them. Trump starts mass deportations with all criminals and sending massive police/national guard forces into the ghettos to deport the illegal immigrant gangs. He defunds all Sanctuary cities and threatens federal action against all city councils and mayors that support sanctuary city policies and labels them as complicit murderers/criminals for shock value, throws out some legal charges. The Democrats continue to freak out, but Trump is still Art of the Dealing them... Next step, Trump says it's time to start deporting everyone else... Democrats agree to make a deal. Trump goes, "Ok look, We don't deport the good ones already here, but the wall gets built, no questions asked, and to sweeten the deal, bring me immigration reform bill with stricter H-1B restrictions, and other visa requirements, and I won't veto it." Democrats agree. Trump, of course, never really had plans to mass deport everyone, but he was so convincing to people, that the Democrats agree to the deal and the wall begins process of being built, and after trade negotiations with Mexico, Mexico does actually pay for it. (Trump writes a book about the campaign in the year 2026 explaining it all). Democrats all get to go home to their constituencies and say they stopped Trump, and party, and high-five themselves, and get re-elected, and Trump Art of the Deal'd em all and got all that he wanted for in the first place, a wall and immigration reform. Trump spends the first year building a massive management team that goes into the government and strips waste from every single department by a minimum of 15%, some even more. He figures out how to cut a lot of useless middle-management out and restructures the hierarchy of various government positions to a more modern infrastructure. After successfully balancing the budget by his 2nd year in office, he pushes once again for massive leaning of each department and triples down on management to Trim the fat and eliminate a lot of productivity killing regulations. Note, the money being saved is not necessarily budgets being cut, but departments being forcibly made to be more efficient and less wasteful. This is not easy as there are decades of bureaucrats standing in the way of it all. His special restructuring task force threatens all gov't employees to get in line or get fired. Before his 2nd year ends, Trump announces plans on a 1.5 Trillion dollar US infrastructure rebuilding project and any veteran will receive a guaranteed job that wants one (of course, many others will get jobs too). Lots of angry people... Lots of happy people... I'll stop here for now, but you can see where it's going...
The scary thing to me is all the people that own her we don't know about. Her organization and foundation has received so much money from places that create such a conflict of interest with her, as she tells us there is no conflict.
We are already in a massive trade war with China. 500 billion a year deficit trade war. Other countries wouldn't have just raised a tariff, they would have declared a emergency to end the half a trillion bleed a year and stop all trade with the country. The US have been Suckers of China.
Yup, it'd never happen. It would literally be the end of the Republican party and a NAS exodus and insurrection to the new party that Trump founds.
Dude, that's the point... Trump is trolling. He RETWEETED a photoshopped picture of Megyn Kelly to make a point to remind people that Fox News is partially owned by a Saudi billionaire. No one actually thinks that it's a real photo. It is 100% troll and it's hilarious that this Saudi Prince is taking the bait. Also, the Prince night Trump's yacht off him in 1991. That's not exactly valuing him out. Trump has some financial issues, he had to slim down his expenses and cut some luxury, like his 265 million dollar yacht so he sold it. That is not bailing someone out. That is the equivalent of a rich person times address tough and they have to downgrade from a Ferrari to a Lexus for a while, and the person who you sell your Ferrari to coming and saying, "I saved you! I bailed you out!" That's exactly what's happening here. Whose to say there weren't multiple offers on his yacht? Furthermore, the Prince bought a piece of one of Trump's properties, the Plaza Hotel, as it was going under like all of New York was in those days and claims he half Trump out... Wad he the only one that put an offer on the table? The guy is full of it, and most importantly no one in the US cares what a Saudi prince's opinion is on our presidential candidates.
I am voting for Trump if Hillary wins as I no longer feel that the Democrat party nor the Republican party really represent the people anymore. Trump is a guy who follows no party lines, as in he talks big on immigration and stopping the illegals, but then wants a more robust social security system, which goes against Republican and conservative talking points. Bernie is kind of the outside too, but I find it it's Hillary vs Trump, which is most likely imo, then Trump I at least know what I am going to get by voting for him. There's no hidden beliefs behind the curtains. There's no secret agendas. I at least know what I am getting with him and I don't think I do with Hillary. It helps I agree with trump on a lot of things, like how I am pisssed my party has essentially become the pro illegal immigration party to pander the Hispanic vote. I *HATE* that so much.
Ya,I think the best part of the show is how it emphasizes social engineering.
Holy crap man... I hate to sound cheezy, but your review was what actually inspired me to build my own PC instead of buy pre-built, just so I could afford all the parts and the GPU. Haha NJ! :) I was 23 at time and had never built a PC before.
It doesn't it was a non answer.
I am sorry, I watched that, and I really don't think so. Trump was already pissed at Fox News. You really think he was made because a reporter brought it up? Really? The reporter brought up a topic Trump was pissed about and he just hadn't made an official statement on yet because it had literally just happened. It's a ridiculous narrative to assume it was this lone reporter that set Trump off.
I think it has more to do with every single person knowing that by putting the name Donald Trump in their video description, you instantly get an extra 50k views, even if nothing in your video has Donald Trump... You search Trump speech, which is about the most generic thing to possibly search for, you'll get tons of Right Side Broadcasting links because they are the number one people since June that have been posting Trump speeches every single day, whilst streaming them live. Trump has give 4-5 speeches every single week for the last 8 months... His name is one of the most searched of the year on youtube. It's not buying ads, it's that Trump videos getting uploaded went from way down low, to hyperdrive when he announced he was running for president. Also, google's search algorithm probably knows that pulling old videos not related to his candidacy is just more bloat... They can tell this by including them over a period of time and as no one clicks on those links but click in overdrive the others, they can better filter results for the masses. This isn't some buying ad conspiracy. It's not hard to put the two and two together than if you search "Trump" or "Trump speech" or "Trump Presidency" you are going to get a million links over the last 7 months, whilst before that time period, hardly anything.
Trump owns hotels, and is not a retail business. His business depends on people being able to afford to stay at his 5 star resorts not whether he can get someone in China to make his product at $1 per hour labour costs. Most of his business is in the US. Americans are becoming poorer, with exception of mega rich. This is bad for his business to have more and more people who can't afford to stay at his fancy places because no one is breaking out of middle class to become rich hardly anymore. Furthermore, Trump is a patriotic, nationalistic type of guy with an America first attitude. It's not just about his business. Furthermore, how is more massive trade deficits good business? Slavery is good business, but it doesn't mean it's the right way to do things.
What does that have to do with New York? Those are polls from Iowa...
It's Simple: Political Scientists: Be as vanilla and uncontroversial as possible while we handle the rest and convince you we are worth paying large salaries for. Trump: F you and your PC Bull***t - Make America Great Again! Citizens: We like Trump Political Scientists: Trump is so hard to understand!
The fact that California is even within 10 is kind of astonishing... and it should be very shocking to the Democrats.
The bigger issue is that Pennsylvania hasn't voted Republican since like 1984 or 88. This is a state that wasn't even supposed to be in play. It is a state that is supposed to just go to the Democrats by default. Those polls for Pennsylvania are actually old now and pre-Trump surge, pre-Hillary crashing. I look forward to the next polls to come out of there.
LOL that is your complaint? Do you realize how absurd your sound to everyone around you? You are literally upset he only have 100k originally and then only recently upped it another million. It takes time to vet groups... Trump got restless and realized only 4.6 million had been distributed to vetted groups, so rather than wait a few more weeks for a few more groups to be vetted, he just donates the final million to a group already vetted he liked. The fact that this is a negative to you shows your absurd twisted reality here. This isn't just bias, this is vitriolic hate. This is hate to the point of irrationality. Bias does not cloud one's mind to this extent.
The bigger issue though is that Trump is within 5 points of Hillary there. it is a state that hasn't gone red since Reagan. It's a state that wasn't even supposed to be in play. We'll see come general election time.
I just have to say, this game did a lot of things right... It is worth the full price of the game. I barely play video games anymore, just because of time, but I really invested in playing through this and I had a true blast doing it. Gotta hand it to the devs for not just going for the brand name cash grab here.
It will only hurt him if he is found guilty, and even then, it will only hurt him to a certain extent as this is a CIVIL case and not exactly a criminal indictment here. Thus, it could just be written off easily by people that like Trump as a poor business decision, among many good business decisions. Anyway, I find the NYT article to be a little disingenuous and slanted here though, as it tries to push some narrative that people actually believed they were getting a BS/BA degree from an accredited university, which is just a total croc. I actually went to one of their free seminars some years ago at a hotel and every knew exactly what it was, a SEMINAR series. And hell, while it may seem pricey to outsiders, it's actually a more mid-ranged priced seminar series. Many of them are much pricier, in various fields, particularly the health and wellness sector. God, those seminar series are outrageous, like up to 80-100k to get a certificate from the "Life coaching school." So, again, it's not a criminal thing, it's a civil case, and as such, I don't see it hurting Trump much, if at all. Imo, this is the type of thing that lands on people's confirmation bias. If you don't like Trump, this is just a story that helps justify your anti-Trump feelings. Again, civil, not criminal, thus I doubt it affects him in terms of his followers.
This is actually going to make windows the de facto development environment for AR. Probably a smart move.
"Free Coverage" where 90% of it was literally the media saying, "Trump is crazy and unhinged and not a real candidate!" It's not really the same thing. As we are moving to the general election, it seems like Trump is going to continue doing what he has done from the start, saying things that the media keeps falling for and keeps giving him coverage.
I live in Tucson, AZ and you are the one completely bullshitting. You should try reading up all the problems just at the grade-school level with TUSD and La Rasa. Go ahead, Google it. It's a huge problem. It's even more of a problem in Southern California.
As a guy who once dated a Real-Estate agent for 1.5 years, holy hell this is unbelievably true. I used to accompany her to open houses so she wouldn't be there alone and stuff. I remember one family had painted each wall in their house a different color. For example, living room, each side of the wall would be a solid color, and this carried on for every single wall in the entire house, including bathrooms, with no repeated colors. It looked terrible. They actually tried to argue, at first, that it brought value to the place by making it seem more Art-Deco or something like how they put it. Basically it was decided to do an open house and for them to be present during it, but to pretend to be just observers, not the owners, and then see what others were saying... Ya, the very next week a full repainting of the entire interior of the house was scheduled, just to be white. They sold the house 2 weeks after repainting. They didn't get a single interested person after that first open house.
"...what taught correctly..." That's the problem with your statement. There is no actual defined standard of AP courses that says that it will be harder if "taught correctly" because there is no standard to measure if it is taught correctly or not other than the ratio of students that pass the AP exam. Also, difficulty is not even always a factor of something being taught well. Shouldn't college credit be enough to motivate people to take the classes? Again, many universities ignore the 5.0 fluff of an AP course.
Wow really? I don't mean to bug you, but is this in any way related to debt charge-offs too? For example, when I was 22 and a freshly college graduated idiot, having somehow made it through college debt free, I proceeded to go 30k in debt through a credit card for a startup company myself and a friend made... Again, we didn't even LLC at first we were that dumb and all the debt was taken out in my name. Anyway, long-story short, business fails after a year, or at least we never made more than 1000 profit per month and it just wasn't enough to live on or even pay our bills, so the whole thing imploded, and I ended up not being able to pay my bills for like 3.5 months. Finally, after negotiating with the bank, they settled my 30k debt down to 6.5k. It took me 2 years to fully pay off, but I thought that was done and done, aside from killing my credit for a few years. Are you saying that I technically owed whatever my income was that year + 23.5k and the taxes on that? I am certain I never reported that debt charge-off as additional income. That was like 9 years ago... Or, is it different because it is a credit card?
Seriously, it is almost embarrassing. Trump could have crushed her and CNN or WaPo would still report, "Clinton unscathed from Trump's weaker than expected attack!"
It would never happen. It would alienate too many Republicans. Also, it would make Trump a ripe assassination target as there are so many obsessive Bernie supporters that would love to have him as President.
Actually, policy is based on attitudes. I prefer Trump's policies compared to Hillary's, especially in regards to trade.
Quite revealing... You claim I don't care about policies, only "attitudes," yet then you demonstrate you are completely unread on Trump's actual trade policies and dismiss them as "make Mexico pay." You don't have to like Trump nor agree with me, but if you are going to try to insult someone, you should probably at least inform yourself on the stance at the very least to at least attempt to have a reasonable dialogue.
The problem with Hillary is she act so entitled to everything. This whole primary it was supposed to be "her turn" and an auto-win, which it kind of was at the start with how rigged it was. Imagine how much closer or better Bernie would have done if they didn't declare Hillary the presumptive victor, granting her nearly a 600 delegate head start before the first state even voted. Now, the primary is coming to and end and Hillary feels like she is owed Bernie's supporters. Just listen to the media and listen to Hillary... they pretty much are condescendingly saying, "Ok Bernie supporters, you had your fun, now come over and support your true master..." It really feels that way. Look at how different Trump handled it. Trump said, "I'd prefer their support and I would love their support, and I hope they do support me, but I don't think I necessarily need it." The media seriously asked him, "What if the establishment doesn't support you after you secure the nomination?" And Trump literally said, "I think they will, but if they don't, I don't think it matters." He was the same attitude to the #NeverTrump Cruz people too. Guess what, most of them have now all fallen in line. Hillary, on the other hand, is the most entitled politician I have ever seen in my life and the media is obliging her with the praise.
You realize he is joking when he says that statement right? He is making fun of the others for ONLY using teleprompters, and then when he said that he was joking... Or, is it too hard to understand when he is making a joke, whilst also making a jab at the same time? Again, if you didn't actually hear Trump say it himself, you would just have to accept what the media is telling you, which is again, misleading and misrepresenting that whole statement by trying to present as a serious non-facetious comment.
TL;DR - This article is claiming Trump is far too weak, and since he is so used to the easy life and the easy primary where hardly anyone attacked him (seriously, it claims this lol), that now that the general election is ramping up, he won't be able to handle the stress, thus he will drop out. Yup, this article is actually proposing this theory... This article popped up every other week during the primary... and now we see it again in the general election. Are these pundits really so clouded by their hatred of Trump as to not see that it is affecting their judgement? No one thinks this is even remotely a possibility beyond the extraordinarily tiny inner-circle of Washington elitists and political commentators that still can't come to terms with all their Trump predictions being wrong over the last year.
Yup, even on basic warranties. I actually lost my Dell charger for my Venue 11 Pro tablet in my hotel room and ordered some supposedly decent generic one online, but it sucked bad. On Amazon, the Dell charger was like 50 bucks and only from 3rd party! I go to Dell's website and I can't find anywhere any link where I can just buy their specialized 19.5v charger. I contact customer service. I tell the dude I will pay for a charger, because this 3rd party one on Amazon sucks bad. The dude says, "No problem sir, we'll just mail you a new one since you are still under warrant." Wait, really? Not kidding, they even next-day mailed it to my house at zero extra charge, for my own mistake. I hear their lower-end models can be shoddily built, but between my wife and myself, we own 2 Dell tablets and 2 Dell laptops (XPS 13 and an XPS 15), and they are some of the nicest devices out there. So nicely built. Impossibly rigid hinges, XPS hinges are seriously the best. 2.5 year old laptop and it still feels rock solid with zero wobble.
XPS 15 is not really a gaming laptop, which is probably the issue.
The media is trying to create some weird narrative that it was a terrible speech. I've seen tons of articles coming out from the usual anti-Trump suspects (WaPo, NYT,AP, etc.) that almost seem like a collective group effort to say it "fell flat." This line, "It fell flat" is in article after article, like there was a CC'd memo to all the editors to put that into each report. Guess what, most people that actually watched it likely thought it was a good, if not great speech. I thought it was brilliant, personally. Short, and to the point, and quite effective.
You know the media source is biased when this somehow qualifies as "ownage."
This is not true. Illegals are 100% able to get welfare benefits in this country. Aside from the non-official abuses, such as the free healthcare that illegals get by going to emergency rooms and then being impossible to reclaim the bills from, if they have say, an anchor baby child, the illegal parents can claim they are the guardians of the now "citizen" child and then become the beneficiary of the benefits, and in many states, this allows them to ride-along on Medicaid plans and so on. This means that they are able to get food-stamps, daycare benefits, WIC, Supplemental Security Income (SSI) for the disabled children (this includes extra care funding for as little as Autistic children all the way to fully dependent disabilities), Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF), and many other forms of welfare that may be unique to each state. California is notoriously generous to illegal aliens. So saying that illegals are unable to obtain welfare benefits is a completely untrue and uninformed statement.
ROFL, the article is so ridiculous. They try to make it sound like Trump just sat around for 2 hrs pondering what to say to Hillary on Twitter, but she was much faster and sharper than him because she had a response within 5 minutes lol. What it actually shows is that Trump manages his own Twitter as he was actually occupied at the time, yet Hillary's tweets still went out even though she was occupied, revealing what everyone already knows, that her staff does all of her tweets.
I mean honestly, how could the Clinton camp not see this one coming? They seriously walked into this one.
[It really was](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/741007091947556864)
I mean, it's possible, but of all places that would know this first, Info Wars? I doubt it...
The funny thing is Trump is the anti-Neocon, yet he is the one who can't be trusted with the nuclear codes... How about all these pro-war fanatics that can't wait to get into a conflict with Russia, according to all the debates, with only the exception of Bernie Sanders, Rand Paul, and Donald Trump, yet Trump is the one we have to worry about with the nuclear codes? I am a hell of a lot more worried about Hillary being another 4-8 years of foreign interventionist and regime building policy.
I trust Trump on trade a hell of a lot more than Hillary. Trump has videos on youtube going back to the 1980s with him talking about trade that are saying literally the exact same thing as he is saying now. If there is one issue that I am 110% confidant Trump will not be swayed or alter at all on, it is trade. I mean he has been literally saying the same thing about trade for nearly 40 years! Everyone knows TPP gets passed under Hillary.
This again? These people are going to be laughed out of town... again. Romney is actively campaigning for Hillary at this point.
Sounds like a very Obama-esque campaign. A lot of you might not remember this but this was a constant complaint by Republicans against Obama in 2008. "What is Hope and Change!?" Explain the policies in detail you want to change please! Obama never really spelled it out... But, he still won by a lot. Why? Because, there is one thing Donald Trump, love him or hate him, has realized, that people vote based on emotion. It is easy to dismiss him as having not enough serious detailed policy (though often the media often exaggerates his lack of policy as in many things he does have specifics), but people forget that the message of "Hope and Change" is what put Obama into office, coupled with coming off of a terribly unpopular Bush and a terrible economy to help secure his win. So, imo, it is actually the most brilliant strategy to not get bogged down in the details, even though it should be the intellectual and better way, for instead, he is focusing on the emotional aspect of getting people excited for "Making America Great Again!" Well, what does that even mean? That can be interpreted so many different ways, just like Hope &amp; Change could be. Think of it this way. Ever read the Twilight books? I know a lot of girls have. They were often criticized by academics and the elite publishers and reviewers at how weak and shallow the writing was, and ultimately, they criticized the author. They even went as far as to say anyone that liked the book had no taste or class, in some cases. However, the author, imo, was actually brilliant. Go to the first book and read how she describes Bella, the lead character, and her first interactions with meeting the love-interest vampire, Edward. Very little details... All it said was little things, like how he was pale skinned, and some other minor things, but the other was completely void of specifics on Edward's face beyond that. But, what was the internal dialogue of the girl? "He had such a beautiful face..." over and over and over, she would emphasize how good-looking he was, how perfect he looked, how his face was so beautiful. But, those details don't actually reveal what he looks like. What did this do though? Why am I saying this was so brilliant? Because, this allowed every person that read this book, every girl to invent in her own mind what she thought was the perfect face, just that also happened to be pale. This alienating zero girls from saying, "Oh, he's not my type," and not getting excited about Edward. Instead, by having lack of specifics, it allowed every single reader to invent their own Edward. If you read a lot, you will realize how rare this actually is as authors usually love to recreate the character of the author's mind onto paper. Not so in Twilight. This is also why when the first Twilight movie hit theaters there were so many girls that were like, "The actor is nothing how I pictured Edward would be," whilst some other girls were like, "Omg, he was perfect! Exactly what I expected!" Do you see what I am getting at? Hope and Change... By Obama not really going into deep policy specifics it allowed the masses of his supporters who believed in him to become emotionally invested in him winning, with what they created in their own mind to be the hope and change Obama talked of. Now, there were probably a few tid-bits here and there that guided the direction of the thoughts, but they were ultimately able to invent in their own mind what that meant for them. This is 100% how I see Donald Trump's "Make America Great Again." So many reporters are like, "I want policy specifics please, what do you mean by that? You mean better than 1950s? Better than 1970s? Specifics please!" But no, Trump only says some few things, like "Trade deals will be negotiated, and jobs will be coming back and you will be proud of your country again!" I mean, again, what does that mean, proud of our country again? This is something that is obvious for others, but again, is something that allows the individual to interpret what they believe would make them proud of this country again, and ultimately, they become emotionally invested into it. So, if you think Trump is doing this all by accident, I got news for you, he is probably a lot smarter than you realize, or the media wants you to realize. This is 100% intentional on his part. He even admits it right here. He is not even hiding it! But, he is not wrong... There's a saying in the sales world. If you are a salesman of any product, you often meet the greatest sales people and the weakest. The saying goes: "Facts tell, but stories sell." Stories bring emotion to it. People are sold on emotion, not on a bullet list of logical steps. No one cares about the 27 step plan to accomplish X, Y , and Z. That's all well and good, but they are not going to get emotionally invested behind. So, again, love him or hate him, imo, Trump is a bloody genius.
Depends on where you live.
No secretary of state ever used a private unsecured server in their own home either. I should also mention, when people like Colin Powell were investigated over his gmail account, he completely and full cooperated with the IG investigation. No other secretary of state has stonewalled and been as evasive as Hillary has whilst under an investigation. The media is just trying to water it down.
Maybe you missed what I mean. I am saying that literally within minutes, CNN, WaPo, NYT, AP, etc. will all release an article with the same terminology use. For example, the one this week was all the usual anti-Trump suspects released articles talking about Trump's Tuesday night speech, and nearly all of them had this same word(s), "It ***fell flat***." Did it really fall flat though? It was actually widely praised as being a great speech after a disastrous week. On that same token, I remember about a week ago there was like 10 articles that came out almost all at the same exact time and guess what, they all described something Hillary did as "Powerful." Now, that seems like a generic and usable word that many could just use. However, it was literally used in every single article in the exact same way. It was like the editor of these news sites are all on some secret email mailing list and they all got CC'd with the new adjective to describe Hillary or Trump to be included in the next article, like they are internally coordinating together an effort to build a narrative together. Is it really beyond the realm of possibility that Hillary is colluding with some of these networks? Hillary Clinton's campaign has already been [exposed coordinating with CNN to smear Rand Paul](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3335607/Rand-Paul-s-campaign-accuses-suspended-CNN-reporter-coordinating-coverage-2013-Benghazi-hearing-Hillary-Clinton-s-aide.html) previously.
Are Native Americans even offended by this, or is it white liberals being offended on their behalf? Seriously, because he is making fun of her fake heritage claims by calling her Pocahontas. This is not a racist comment at all, but rather a blatant jab at Warren's hypocrisy. She literally claimed she was Native American for years, and even leveraged that for favorable advancement through Affirmative Action to propel her career. My guess is actual Native Americans would be more offended with someone who pretended to be a Native American than someone making fun of a person who pretended to be Native American by calling them Pocahontas.
I saw Warcraft today. I think the problem with the movie is like a lot of others have said, it just feels like so much was missing, like so much critical back-story or character building was cut from it. Thus, critics often approach movies from an academic approach and thus they give something like Warcraft a low score. But, I'll tell you one thing, the movie was still a great watch. I really enjoyed it from start to finish, although the finish felt so so rushed... I mean, from the final battle to the credits was like 6 or 7 minutes. It just happened so fast. The movie often felt like so much had been cut from it here and there. I don't get why a studio would do this for an otherwise enjoyable film. With that being said, academically, you are going to point out a lot of flaws with the movie. From just a normal person going to the theater, you are probably going to say when you leave, "It's no Lord of the Rings, but I still enjoyed it." Thus, high RT score for viewers. I really look forward to a more thoughtful and lengthy 2nd movie. It seems like this universe, barely touched, has a lot to offer in way of storytelling. I'll tell you one thing though, I liked this movie a lot more than I liked the first "Hobbit" movie.
Ya, I remember this. It bugged me. But otherwise I enjoyed the movie.
Will Mitt Romney's legacy then, if they do stop Trump, also include the appointment of 3-5 liberal Supreme Court judges and the promotion of expanded government powers, all because he had to stop Trump on principle?
Does this mean Obama also leans more "right" on foreign policy? They basically have the same foreign policy, Obama and Clinton. I guess not wanting to be the police of the world is somehow a leftwing policy, yet no Democrats in power seem to really support that. The ONLY people that spoke against it was Bernie Sanders, Rand Paul, and Donald Trump... Is Rand Paul more left of Obama and Hillary on foreign policy? Anyway, I hate these ideas that somehow something is right or left. Sometimes it is not really either, it is just a position that most Americans agree with but the people in power don't.
Bombing and getting rid of ISIS is not the same thing as implementing a regime change foreign policy.
From what I can tell, very few people don't want the TPP. Trump and Bernie are among the minority.
Correction, she now claims it "might" be 1/128, and she was mistaken at 1/32. I am not joking.
Genealogy trees would show this, aside from her looking like a pasty white person of European descent.
Hands down, he would have been near the bottom with Jeb the entire time, probably even worse. No one really liked him that much in the Republican party 4 years ago anyway, except he was the establishment's pre-chosen guy. As such, people reluctantly just went along with it. Zero motivation and excitement behind him though. Romney, the guy the establishment pretty much said 4 years ago was the right guy and shoved down the Republican's throats constantly, lost bad. This actually played into why Trump has done so well this year. If the establishment endorsed anyone, they would instantly collapse in the polls as the Republican voters saw their picks as bad. They forced McCain, then Romney... now this time we are gonna be the ones who go against their sway. Romney coming in, I honestly think he never would have broken 10%.
The funny thing is that literally a month ago Hillary was ahead of Trump 20-30% in every poll... Trump has closed the gap a hell of a lot faster than anyone thought would even be possible. Where were all of the endless stories about the historic and unprecedented turn-around in the polling for Trump? Hard to find stories about that outside of say, Breitbart. Now that Trump's surge seems to have plateau'd, even if just temporary, Hillary has gained a few points and holy crap, the last 2 days have been wall to wall, "Trump a mess in the polls!" In reality, Trump is up 20 points from a month ago. I'd say that's pretty damn good progress. But hey, the media has gotta spin it for Hillary, their anointed one.
Imo, the even worse thing is Obama trying his legacy to the Clintons by not just endorsing, but actively campaigning for her. It's going to look very bad for him if she gets indicted.
These articles are so ridiculous. Every single week of the GOP primary there were multiple articles, "Trump was just gonna do this for fun then drop out," or "Trump has no plans on actually winning," or "Trump already planning his exit strategy!" All of those literally right up to when he won the primary. I guess the 'I am in denial" articles are still going to continue in the general election too since none of them are based on any reality than the fantasy of these journalists that they can't possibly be wrong and Trump actually was just in it for fun, it just went further than he realized, but THIS TIME he actually will drop out. Right...
Why would they ever admit that though? Considering they couldn't stop bragging about their "women of color" who worked for them, with Warren being one of them, it clearly played some role in her employment.
Who also had parents from Afghanistan and apparent ISIS sympathies and was investigated previously by the FBI twice...
He is saying, and I am not trying to say you have to agree, that this Mexican-American judge, who happens to be a part of a political organization that is pro-illegal immigration, might be personally trying to give Trump a hard time over this case, because he doesn't like Trump, even though it's an unrelated case.
I have literally seen him do similar impersonations in the same pitch and tone before flailing for other people. When he did the impersonation of a reporter, who just happened to be disabled, all of a sudden now he was doing it 100% to imitate the dude. This guy was even like "Trump knew me from our interviews 20 years ago!" I just don't buy that he remembered the dude or even who he was.
I mean, I think Clinton is guilty as hell, but her saying anything other than this would be admitting guilt, so of course she is only going to say this.
That's the solution everyone! They figured it out! If we are just more nice to Islamists then terrorism will go away. It's that simple! We just need to show more love to ISIS! Oh and, if that doesn't work, let's just let them show how much we love and respect them by allowing them to practice Sharia Law in our western nations, because we are tolerant and loving. No more terrorism right!?
This isn't really true at all. We actually almost passed a law a couple of years ago, a bi-partisan law that would have gotten rid of the "gun-show loophole," and would have introduced tougher background checks and it was about to be passed, but then Harry Reid of the Democrats killed the bill completely, refusing to bring it to a vote because it didn't also include an assault weapons ban like he wanted. The real problem is that rather than accept a little progress here and there, the Democrats in power proved that it's all or nothing to them and refused nothing short of an all out ban on guns that are only involved in less than 10% of all gun deaths in the US each year. So, it's easy to just blame the NRA and the Republicans, but it was the Democrat leadership that killed a bipartisan bill a couple of years ago that I repeat, had the votes to pass, except Reid killed it.
So, when ISIS declared 3 days ago that they were going to attack in Florida, and then today, a guy who claims he is pledged to ISIS did this mass shooting, you instantly are assuming them to be not related?
No one believes it is a literal statement.
Programmer here. My knee-jerk reaction was to say, "Boo hoo, big corporation jealous Carmack left them..." Then, I looked into the case more and I'll be honest, they actually have a pretty solid case. They literally directly funded some work for the RIFT when it was in Beta, and I am talking they literally built a back-end API for developers to help with some of the "tech" of the Rift, with Carmack as the lead programmer. Then, Carmack left to go work for the Rfit itself, and supposedly what Carmack did, or what he claims, is that he took none of that tech with them, but instead just started over from scratch... I don't know if I entirely buy that. This is where the court will come in because there is going to be a look at the code he wrote whilst working for the Rift and the code he wrote for the same "Method" or backend tech function he wrote whilst being employed under ZeniMax. It could exonerate him of course, and I really hope it does. But again, they've got a decent case.
Troll
This is actually a huge problem, imo. It is too much work with no guarantee of success. I think a bigger issue in relationships is that some women need like 30 minutes to an hr of massaging and schmoozing to try to put in the mood, because otherwise they are never in the mood, they never initiate it. You could go a month without sex and they still wouldn't try to initiate anything. Thus, you spend 30+ minutes trying to schmooze her, and even then, you are lucky to have a 25% success rate. Sorry women, not acceptable. Do you think a guy doesn't want to be fawned over, to be treated well to distract him from something for you? If you are in a relationship and this describes nearly every sexual encounter with your wife, you're in a one-sided relationship and you need therapy as it is not going to get better just worse. It's also incredibly selfish of the wife.
The amazing thing is how the trailer literally showed nothing at all to do with the actual movie. It was just bizarre how it even got approved. The 2nd trailer was even worse. The funny thing is the very best trailer for the movie was shown at I think PAX, and was exclusive, and they never released that trailer to the public. There were leaked cell phone crap vids of it on youtube, but they were constantly sending takedowns of them. I just don't get it. I think this was hands down, one of the worst market big-budget movies I have ever seen. Even the full size posters they had up at movie theaters looked terrible and revealed nothing other than, "Oh look, a sub-part LOTR wannabe!" The funny thing is while the movie was not as good as say, LOTR, I actually enjoyed it a hell of a lot more than I did that first Hobbit movie. It's amazing how completely disconnected the trailer was at all from it.
Well, the WaPo has essentially become Huffington Post, so why wouldn't he? They put out about 10-20 negative articles per day on Trump, and that is not even an exaggeration. They actually have a mandate at their office to try to make Trump look bad, and even have 22 reporters whose full-time job is purely to make Trump look bad in any way possible. It's not ethical journalism anymore, but not even by a little, to the far extremes. They aren't even hiding it, they have admitted their anti-Trump stance. Can you blame him? Remember when Obama restricted Fox News' press credentials? Fox News is nowhere near the same realm against Obama as the WaPo is against Trump.
Unless of course you bypass that system by getting a fiance visa or something, right?
Well, there is the issue of him traveling to Saudi Arabia twice recently too...
So, in other words the WaPo is going to keep doing what they already have been doing, pushing 10-20 anti-Trump articles a day?
Mormon guy here, you are correct. [Here is all the information on the project](http://www.ldschurchtemples.com/tucson/) [Drone video of the temple under its current construction](https://vimeo.com/161114626) (sorry for the music lol) **Note:** When it is finished and before it is dedicated (some time probably late 2017, or the latest, early 2018), usually for 1-2 months they do guided tours of the building where anyone can go inside and walk around, even if you are not Mormon. If you are curious to see for yourself.
The Democrats released a statement saying no private Donor information was released... except all of the big donors names have been revealed. The entire "Friends of Hillary Clinton that have given big donors" excel sheet was released too. Seriously, you can find them. The hacker also said he released all of the emails and everything to Wikileaks and they will be releasing them soon. In other words, the Democrats completely lied when they said that.
Just FYI, the reason this might be more of a blow to the Democrats than to Trump is that eventually all of this information would be carefully released to the media in some long strategic plan. There might even be some opo research Trump's team was unaware of, even though having gone through it it seemed like mostly stuff that came out during the primaries. However, there were some interesting tid-bits, like they had opposition research on Trump's family, which is kind of sketchy, but you know, in politics, you do the research, "Just in case" you need to get dirty. Anyway, my point is that they will likely go through it and now Trump's team can be prepared to build a defense or even offer a counter-attack on the Democrats. Of course, this opp-file seems somewhat outdated, so chances are the Democrats can always dig up new stuff. Either way, the timing of this release means the media is all going to rush to be the first to cover it all and the Democrats won't be able to systematically control its flow, as well as Trump now being aware of all the issues. Furthermore, a lot of the supposed "bombshells" are going to be buried by this news cycle as it focuses on terrorism and so on rather than some of these other things that could have driven the news cycle. Finally, the real bombshell here could be some of the internal emails that get released. It really depends. The real shocking thing is that supposedly these hackers had access and had been observing the server over the last year freely and they only now are releasing it all after the DNC finally realized the compromise and just fixed it (I mean, if you have access and no one knows, you don't release all the hacked docs revealing your access so you can keep collecting). Note, this hacker, whilst maybe being pro-Russian government, is also a conspiracy theorist like Guccifer. In other words, they aren't doing this to benefit a particular political party. Guccifer believed the Illuminati were trying to control the world and he was hacking to find evidence of it. He hacked Democrats and Republicans. This guy, Guccifer 2.0, even leaves an anti-Illuminati statement, implying his intentions might also be similar.
"Billions of dollars worth" actually, that's the shocking thing...
This is why I will wait for the PC version... but I still thought it was pretty good for consoles.
Well, you don't have to agree with him, or believe his wealth, but to say this statement is completely inaccurate. He values his brand at about 3 billion of 10.5 billion in equity assets, so about a third of his empire. Still a lot, but his brand is also not worth nothing. It could easily be worth a billion, if not more, or it could sell for half a billion on the open market, hard to say. Either way, it's worth a hell of a lot of money to just dismiss it as nothing.
He never did, it is a false statement.
This is on the assumption that the majority of Republicans want this though. Even if Trump loses badly in the general, should the 20% of Republicans against Trump decide to just oust him because "they know best?" All this talk of them letting the delegates change their vote would not just ensure loss this fall, even though it seems certain, though in reality it isn't, a lot can change in 6 months and we won't really know how things are until after the first debate, would just crush the party not just this election, but all future elections too. If Trump just loses, they can sit back and say "I told you so," and then try to recover. However, if they decide to ignore all the primary voters, confidence in the entire primary system would not only be lost, there would be a mass exodus and fracturing of the party far more so than just the division seen now. It would just be a horrible decision and I just don't believe it is going to happen
pre-reqs usually take 2 years (ish). Note, there are specific advisers for the program that you actually are required to see if you wish to enter the program. It is not even optional, but mandatory to meet with one of the advisers. I would look into setting an appointment with one so you don't make any scheduling mistakes and end up getting delayed a year or something
Seriously... I thought Obama was going to be *the* President to address the inner-city gang violence and try to push for change there... he has not even made a speech about it other than mentioning it passively. And, rather than unifying the country or trying to, when the mobs of people were torching Ferguson, he came out and was like, "That's a legitimate form of protest." Ok, really Obama? I actually think the inner cities have gotten worse under him.
The problem is that once people hear half the policies of Johnson they are going to say, "Ok, I don't want Clinton, Trump, OR Johnson!"
The point of the sub is that it is a troll sub. It doesn't matter what the post is, as long as it is somehow pro-Donald, it's ok, thus even the blatantly obvious troll posts are upvoted through the roof, and in some ways, upvoted *more* just because it's a hilariously stupid troll, but since it's pro-Trump, upvote! The amazing thing to me is that people somehow believe that everyone on the sub somehow believes every post as gospel. It's obvious how much of it is just hilarious trolling. However, people are emboldened by the attention even more as they see people hilariously trying to take them serious.
Just wait til all the emails are released... That is where the real stories are going to come out.
This isn't accurate at all and is designed by the journalist who wrote it to decay Republican support of Trump through a dishonest headline. The only proposal is that if someone is on the FBI watchlist, the background check to buy the gun will flag the FBI to do a more extensive investigation as to why someone on the list is buying the gun, thus someone on the list will be longer delayed from receiving a weapon. Nowhere is he pushing the restriction of gun sales to anyone on the list because it is an unregulated list controlled by the government and to deny people their rights without due process is kind of insane. This is especially a problem when many have gotten on the list incorrectly and there is no legal recourse to get off of it.
Stop lying.
GL everyone!
GL everyone!
Except for the Speaker of the House who just came out and said he would have the GOP controlled Congress sue Trump's presidency if he tried to do anything they don't agree with, like temp. ban Muslim immigration, and also came out and said he is not going to ask any other Republicans to support him... Ya, maybe technically the RNC supports Trump, but in reality, they are far from standing by Trump.
Anyone that actually thinks Trump, the guy who owns skyscrapers, his own 150 million dollar jet, his own Helicopter, golf courses and resorts around the world, that he is bankrupt is just projecting their own personal bias against Trump in the hope he is not rich. You don't have to like Trump or agree with Trump, but it doesn't mean you should bury your head in the sand. The guy is rich. Get over it.
I live in Arizona and I will say that any hope of this happening will die with Hillary's gun-control stance. I am sorry but gun rights are a non-partisan issue here. Democrats and Republicans, it doesn't matter, we all love our guns in Arizona. Any whiff of Hillary's assault weapon ban plan and boom, the purple state goes red. It won't just go red a little either, she'll probably lose in a landslide. Maybe if the national Democrats weren't so obsessed with gun control they wouldn't screw up so many other elections.
Most tribes I know have limits at either 1/16 of 1/32 to claim affiliation. Some have no restrictions and you could be 1/256, but have restrictions on tribal assistance, like college grants, if you are 1/8 or more. It really depends.
It's obvious you don't live in Arizona.
His father, a pro-Taliban guy who ran for President of Afghanistan, who was extremely religious might have a skewed view on what is "not that religious." To him, maybe it was his sons refusal to go to the Mosque 3 times per day and grow a foot long beard meant he wasn't religious enough.
To be fair, and this is anecdotal, but I thought Advent Children blew chunks. Dialogue was atrocious, character development non-existent, and the little character development there was was just what seemed like generic, cliche-filled anime characters. Ya ya, some of the CG work seemed pretty good at the time, but that was all I got out of it. Even the story was bad, imo. The stupidly cheesy "mother" with no explanation other than apparently mother is a genetic goo that can be drank to transform someone? Is this supposed to be Jenova? That seemed unclear... also, it makes the original Jenova storyline horrendously cheesy. I played FF7, I enjoyed the FF7 game back in the day, for what it's worth, but I felt Advent Children was a perfect example of anime style ruining storytelling by filling it with shoddy characters. Again, it's just one man's opinion. I also hated the absurd fantasy sword fight with them flying through the air. Even the actual game FF7 seemed grounded in more relatability than that. Did FF characters all of a sudden become super heroes or something?
Well, when the media is blasting 24/7 that the 2nd Hitler is literally running for President, and you have had people in power and political commentators talk about how a person would be a hero if Trump was killed, it's going to happen eventually. Hell, even Glenn Beck got kicked off of Sirius satellite radio recently because he was like "What if Trump got elected and a "Patriot" decided to assassinate him?" The problem wasn't the hypothetical scenario for a Brad Thor book (since that is what they were talking about in context), it was that they were talking about how it would be this great patriotic American that would do it. That's just one example from the right, there are countless on the left.
Well, when the media is blasting 24/7 that the 2nd Hitler is literally running for President, and you have had people in power and political commentators talk about how a person would be a hero if Trump was killed, it's going to happen eventually. Hell, even Glenn Beck got kicked off of Sirius satellite radio recently because he was like "What if Trump got elected and a "Patriot" decided to assassinate him?" The problem wasn't the hypothetical scenario for a Brad Thor book (since that is what they were talking about in context), it was that they were talking about how it would be this great patriotic American that would do it. That's just one example from the right, there are countless on the left.
Well, when the media is blasting 24/7 that the 2nd Hitler is literally running for President, and you have had people in power and political commentators talk about how a person would be a hero if Trump was killed, it's going to happen eventually. Hell, even Glenn Beck got kicked off of Sirius satellite radio recently because he was like "What if Trump got elected and a "Patriot" decided to assassinate him?" The problem wasn't the hypothetical scenario for a Brad Thor book (since that is what they were talking about in context), it was that they were talking about how it would be this great patriotic American that would do it. That's just one example from the right, there are countless on the left.
This is such a joke of an article... Trump hasn't tweeted in half a day and that's a story!? This has happened before, they didn't make a big deal about it. This is a perfect example of biased journalism trying to invent a narrative.
FEC filing, plus compare it from last year's to this year. simple difference between what he fronted his campaign and his on-hand cash equity from the previous year to what it is now, plus differences in liabilities and so on. You can see where the money went pretty easily.
ITT: Lots of people who don't understand campaign finance laws. Trump uses his own jet for his campaign. Trump is technically not allowed to by law pay for his jet with his corporation's funding, even though it is his own jet. What he does instead is lend his campaign money to pay himself to use his own jet, as per required by law. The same can be said for the special events he has held at say, his Florida resort (like after vote parties). This article is trying to roll-in all those types of expenses into a misleading story that Trump is pilfering his campaign funds into his company, and other people hear are ignorantly saying it is somehow a sign of money laundering. Look guys, you don't have to like Trump or agree with Trump, but don't like the media play you as a fool by trying to invent a fake story here. Don't let them make a pawn out of you. Again, you don't have to like or agree or vote for Trump, but it doesn't mean one should put aside truth and reason just because it suits your own personal anti-Trump beliefs.
Same... RE3 perfected the static screen gameplay imo. RE2 was a great overall game, but RE3 basically perfected so much of the controls and so on to a better and smoother experience. I still think Code Veronica is the best RE game in the series though.
That's my point though. The only thing on their site is like a passive, "DNC got hacked by Russians," and then nothing...
I guess I am gonna be that guy that chimes in and says the typical expected response, "Polls don't matter this early..." when they really at least matter a little. Now, truth be told, polls don't matter a whole lot until after the first general election debate and rarely matter this early. However, trends can be telling and Trump is still hurting with the female Demographic and with minorities (although Hillary is almost hurting just as badly with the male demographic interesting enough). But, here is the thing I have noticed over the last 2 weeks, nearly every single poll had ***almost 20% undecided*** when given the option. That is HUGE!!! It's actually unreal how huge that is. So, while polls generally look bad for Trump, the hope he has is that a large number of people are just "undecided." Who do you think the American people are undecided on, the vast majority of Democrats that were already going to support Hillary, or the principled conservatives that can't decide whether to support Trump or not? Or, the independents? Apparently Hillary is only garnering about 30-35% avg. of support of independents. So many undecided... Can Trump win over the majority of the undecideds over Hillary? If Trump wins over 2/3 of them, he now starts beating her in the polls. I should also point out, due to the horrible electoral college system in the US, it doesn't matter that much the popular vote either since the real election is won in about 10-11 "swing" states, maybe 15 this year, thus the thing that really matters is those, and guess what, battleground polls show Trump tied in Ohio and Pennsylvania, and close in Florida, and all of a sudden Oregon is now a swing state, and all of a sudden some states no one thought might be up for grabs might be too (of course looking at Kansas, that might go both ways as well). However again, I point out that even in the swing state polls there are huge numbers of undecided people. Where do they usually end up deciding? General election debates... Patience guys, we've got some months before you throw in the towel and assume Hillary is the presumptive winner. Also, WTF, "Decisive" is single digit?
More telling is that she kept reusing this story over and over until someone finally called her out on it. It wasn't like she just said it one time. She said it repeatedly to multiple sources in multiple talks which means she had time to contemplate it all and double down on it even though it was a total lie. But, if you wonder why this doesn't get repeated often the reality is that the media is in Hillary's pocket for the most part so they are protecting her by never talking about it.
This almost sounds like an Onion article it is that hard to believe. This is just insanity...
Bill Pullman as President Whitmore in the original Independence Day!
Awesome!
They also kept it going because it was incredibly well-received among pretty much every focus group.
People are realizing it's better to spend 10 bucks a month for a streaming service than watch commercials... Though, not sure how much HBO's is.
So, no evidence then other than hope? Ok
TL;DR - Remember when Hillary deleted 33,000 emails and then told us to trust her, she only deleted the emails that were personal? Well, turns out this is one of the emails she never handed over and was found later by a state department audit... Hrm, I wonder WHY she chose not to turn this one over. The question now is, how many other emails did she fail to turn over because they were damning to her?
The media was 100% behind the push to NOT leave. So much of their expert analysis was them trying to tell everyone that Brexit would fail. It wasn't so much true analysis as it was trying to tell it and push it enough to become true. Seriously, watch the British MSM over the last month, it was all about how horrible of idea it was to leave the EU and basically the world would collapse if they did and the economy would go to shit and it would lead to WW3. It was like a constant mortar barrage of scare tactics to the British people. I think the problem is that the people of Britain, just like America, have caught on that the media is not really being ethical journalists, but instead professional cheerleaders masquerading as journalists, so as they were telling people"Trust us, Brexit is bad for you," a lot of people didn't believe them anymore.
Most people in the US had never heard the term "Brexit" - everyone still knew that the UK wanted to leave the EU. I honestly never even heard the term myself and I follow American politics daily, until they said Trump didn't know what Brexit was. But hey, let's just pretend Trump didn't know that the UK was considering leaving the EU after hearing Trump with his own words talk about it. Right...
Could you imagine if Scottland votes for their freedom from the UK, but then votes to be IN the unDemocratic EU? It's horribly ironic.
Well, according the news media over the last 2 weeks of an endless scare tactic barrage, the economy should soon plunge into a major depression, and the UK should start beefing up their military because WW3 is coming soon.
Haven't people given filibuster speeches longer than 25hrs before? A GROUP of them couldn't even just sit down on the ground for that long? haha
He said it in his speech today, it is also in his FEC filing.
The other unfun fact is that the only reason it is 40% is because you died before you got cancer. If you lived longer, like say, to 85, the % goes to like 70.
Why would they even poll for someone that is not even under consideration?
[It was pretty easy to find](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uh_fPsFbgMQ#t=29m40s)
I mean, nowhere in his quote did he say no mass deportations. All he said was "I wouldn't call it that," and then repeated how humane they would be and how big of a heart he has and they would be incredibly humane. Where did he say no mass deportations? Or, is Red State lying to us here again?
Maybe you are not familiar with what a born-again Christian is, aka Evangelical Christian.
He was merely pointing out the double standard the media has with OObama, not slamming Obama for doing it.
Trump has responded to this SOOOO many times. How much does it cost us a year? 886 million is a drop in the bucket of the actual costs we pay to have our soldiers there. Trump was first asked this by a college student in a New hampshire town hall meeting and he responded (the famous press conference where the Jeb Bush female plant asked that question about women pay equality). Trump answered it there, and about 50 other times it has been brought up, "But they give us 866 million!!!!" In Trump's words, "Compared to how much it costs us, 866 million *IS* nothing!"
Now you are just playing ignorant.
There are also annual licensing fees, size of the place, if they ask for managerial support, or hiring assistance, to full on management of the entire property can result in variously more costly fees. This is actual fairly normal practice in this type of industry, Stay at one of those fancy JW Marriott resorts? Chances are, it is not even owned by Marriott, but much of the staff works for Marriott. And, the management of the property is run by Marriott, and the branding is Marriott, but the owner possibly negotiated that the golf club is all his own people or something or not. Each contract will be different. So, Toronto, they paid 5 million initially, though it does not say their annual fee, unless of course, they wrote a contract out that their would be no annual fee, which I find very unlikely. So, each contract will be different.
The need to implement something like FF14 does. Your realm transfer fee is $18 and you can transfer multiple characters to another realm, not just the 1. I have had no issue giving them multiple server transfers to play with various RL friends who I got to play. Warcraft, there is no way in hell I am going to pay the close to $400 it would cost to transfer my team. And, since I don't want to split them up since Warcraft still uses this archaic profession system (in FF14 you can level all professions on one character), I have no choice but to keep them all together as they are my income generators and have a certain synergy. So, I refuse to even pay Blizzard for a single server transfer of one toon, whilst FF14 has gotten several from me. Warcraft is just too damn expensive and it is feeling older and older with things like an outdated profession system and so on. It's a shame because I actually know of coworkers and other friends who essentially stopped playing rather than all server transfer to be together because we were too stubborn to pay the actual gouge pricing of Warcraft transfer fees but then grew tired of the game because unfortunately, modern World of Warcraft doesn't seem to encourage socializing very much, even though it is often the long-term friendships that keep people playing, so us being together likely would have kept many playing for years to come. Not anymore...
It's called the media making a frenzy out of the one poll that showed she was double digit whilst ignoring all the other polls that showed around 5.
Note, 22% was undecided. Libertarian candidates always poll better this early too, but when it actually comes time to pull the trigger, most decide to actually vote one of the 2 parties. I wouldn't put it past Trump to gain the majority of those undecideds.
This is really huge for someone like me who really enjoys working with C# in .NET I started as a Perl guy in Computational Biology, picked up Python and then Java mainly for my degree, but for whatever reason, I just settled on the ASP.NET work environment of what I liked to do. The nice thing is the jobs paid well in this field too. With this going open like this, much sooner than expected, I feel almost lucky as I think demand will go higher for someone with a lot of prior experience *AND* I can publish a lot of my own pet projects so much easier to Linux. I am sure it will take some time to catch on of course, but WOW, this is really exciting for me. I was thinking this would roll out in another year or 2, not this soon.
Because Trump's a racist because he wants to build a wall to stop illegal immigration! That's why!!!! So, I'd rather have literally the most corrupt person to ever run for the president of the United States to have the job instead! /s
You realize she has said that she wanted it bumped to 65k **per year**? They could easily find 65k to pass the vetting. Even if it is 65k non-extremist Syrians, why are we going to be paying billions of dollars for all of these people when our own citizens are living in ghetto inner-cities with no funding, broken down schools, and are barely paying our teachers any money? We are not placing Americans first when we have a lot of our own problems.
[SOURCE](http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2015/09/20/hillary-clinton-u-s-should-accept-65000-syrian-refugees/) - She has said it many times. This is including more than just Syrian refugees. Your 520k number is purely Syrian refugees. This article also points out how it will likely be much more than that number too because after 1 year in the US as a refugee they can get a green card, and then with the green card, apply for residency for all of their family members too.
Rice and Powell did not setup their own homebrew servers though. Also, when and Internal investigation happened, Rice and Powell both cooperated and sat with the IG and was interviewed and so on. Hillary declined to interview with the IG. Another lie where she said her and her staff have been full cooperative with any investigations, when the report came out and they were like, "Ya, no, Hillary declined to talk to us, and all of her staff plead the 5th." But ya, let's keep trying to muddy the water and say it is the same thing. This is someone running for the President of the United States, not a has-been former Secretary of State that is out of the lime-light.
Even your statement backs up what I said. This article claims that a person says a letter claims that, however it was on a letter head from a Mexican company, not Trump Corporation. Where is this letter he claims he is the developer? All you have to do is google any of the dozens of articles the media has written on this to know that this is not a property owned by Trump, nor was it claimed in his FEC report. Why would the Trump organization contact them anyway? Trump was accepting a licensing fee for his brand, he wasn't managing development of the project. He wasn't the salesman for the project. It was employees of this Mexican investors group that used the Trump name to help push sales. That is the purpose of licensing after all. Of course people that are trying to sue are going to say that, because that is their only hope to recoup money, to say they were lied to. Showing up to a grand-opening of a company that used your licensing does not mean you are the developer or owner, it is showing a business commitment to your partnership.
He IS the sole owner. Private company.
I understand there are various international rules on such. However, the point is that they relied too heavily on it when they didn't have to. Why was there less US protection in a terrorist hotbed country than nearly every other embassy in the world? Some European embassies had better security than the Libyan one did. Most South American embassies did. You can say it is by international law, but the country was still in a transition. It wasn't that long since regime change. In reality, for political reasons, they were speeding this transition. Why were they so quick to accept armed protection from the new regime? The whole thing was a mess. That's the point though, they tried to create an ally, and rather then vet everything out for a while whilst keeping our people safe, they rushed it all, quickly put the safety of our people into the hands of a Libyan militia, said, "Yay, victory!" and then it all went to shit. The ONLY reason we have embassies where those international regulations apply is in places where there is a stable government and we can trust that they want to keep relations with us. This is generally know because of years and years of a relationship. This was a new government, and within months, the new regime was protecting American citizens? Insanity, that is all. Every other Western nation had already abandoned Libya for being too dangerous. Even the UK left saying it was too dangerous for their people. But no, this was an election year. Obama was running a huge campaign about how great his foreign policy was, how Gaddafi was taken out and there was peace in the Middle East starting to come, the Bin Laden killer, and so on. They couldn't admit defeat in Benghazi 2 months before the election! It will mess with the narrative. Do you think they didn't have security briefings daily on the matter? Do you think no one knew that pretty much every other country had withdrawn because it was too dangerous? Do you think it never came up in a security meeting that, "Hey, the UK just left their embassy in Libya because it is too dangerous? Of course it did. They all came up. But, we had to stay. We spear-headed the anti-Gaddafi campaign. We backed the Al Qaeda backed rebels. We did all of the above. We stayed unsafe and people died because of POLITICS. It was 100% a political decision to stay there, to keep the unvetted force as our people's main protection against anything, not a decision made of reason. It was an election year decision and it got people killed.
This is one of the most planted questions of all time. Even her reaction was so manufactured.
He calls himself the king of debt because of how he restructured and got out of it in the 1980s and 1990s. If he didn't want people knowing that, he wouldn't say it. However, he has written about it in nearly every book he ever wrote. Trump had to file all his assets to the FEC report AND all his liabilities. Or, are you suggesting he committed a federal crime and lied to the FEC about his debt, of which then any simple whistleblower from a lender would finish Trump's campaign and possibly put him in jail? Trump very well could pay himself a $1 salary. Many rich people do actually and all their wealth is factored into what their company is worth. Hell, that's what Steve Jobs did. The difference though is that Donald Trump is the sole owner of the privately held Trump Corporation so ultimately, the value of his company comes down to his value as well. This is an article trying to claim that there is something behind this 500k number in regards to his wealth. It's really misleading and it is frankly, just not true.
Actually what this is is Politifact just trying to get ahead of the story, and instead of it being rated pants on fire, like it should, they spin it to just being "mostly false," to kind of downplay the outright lies from Hillary on this. Mostly false is bad, but it's not as bad as 4 pinnochios or pants on fire, even though that's 100% what it is.
That is the conclusion you came to? Really? If you took a whole 30 seconds to open the article, you would see that he is talking about if it is implemented.
It was one of the best speeches he has given that carried a lot of weight.
This is always my impulse too. I consider myself broke until I hit cap, and then the liquid over that gets to be my spending fun.
The leak was over the last week, Assange himself said in a few weeks, maybe a month as they sort through the mass of info given to them. So ya, I doubt any day now, or within a week. Probably a few more weeks. Chances are, they hold off until after the official party nomination event and then boom, bombshell. We'll see.
I mean, McCain got 2% of the African American Vote and Romney got 6%. It's really par for the course for any Republican.
And Romney got 27 % of the Latino vote and 6% of the African American vote. Guess the cheery picked poll you chose was wrong in turning favorability into votes, which really matters.
Considering how amateurish their website is, it is clear someone thought they had a clever business idea, skirting through some loopholes in regulations, and hoping to attract "that" type of crowd without first realizing that anyone with that kind of money likely has better setups than shady places like this that are advertising themselves on places like Expedia, filled with obviously fake reviews.
They don't care about his infidelity. They probably do care about sexual assault, harassment, and rape allegations if they knew about them though.
This is amazing! It would be fantastic to upgrade my Sapphire 270x. GOOD LUCK everyone!
OMG, no one would prosecute this because anyone can get signed up to an email list.
Seriously, I live in Tucson, AZ and I have a workout buddy who is a bartender 3 nights a week(Th,F,Sat). He easily pulls in $300-$400 a night. This is TUCSON, where drinks are 3-5 bucks each. It must be a hell of a lot easier to hit $600 in San Francisco. But seriously, if my friend is hitting 400 here, someone sure as hell could easily be hitting 600 or more in SF.
OMG, HuffPo claiming that CNN pundits are all neutral and don't take sides, and that Lewandowski is pushing for Trump thus therefore can't do his job like the much better, unbiased pundits. I feel like I lost a few brain cells going over this article.
The content of their meeting is secret, that is why it is called "secret." Unless of course, you really believe Loretta Lynch just talked about golfing and grandchildren for 30 minutes like she claims... Ya...
I actually think this may be a huge tell that an indictment might be coming soon. Why? This meeting was apparently so important, that even at the expense of ethics, and knowing that a million articles were going to pop up, Lynch had something so important to tell Bill Clinton (or the other way around), that regardless of any potential political and questionable fallout for this obvious conflict of interest, they did it anyway. I think this may be bigger than many might realize.
There are some adblock programs that also get around those, like "Ublock Origin"
I predict massive amounts of "Must be an outlier" comments.
&gt;In his most recent FEC filing, which posted June 20, Trump treated all his spending on the campaign as loans. Ok, when was his announcement? Oh June 23rd, ok... &gt;A week later, NBC News has learned the FEC has posted no record of Trump converting his loans to donations. The Trump Campaign has also declined requests to share the legal paperwork required to execute the transaction, though they suggest it has been submitted. First off, this is a lie, they didn't "suggest" it has been submitted. They said it would be submitted with his normal FEC filings. &gt;**Last week**, campaign spokesperson Hope Hicks said Trump was submitting formal paperwork forgiving the loan on Thursday, according to the Wall Street Journal. Why on Thursday? Because, that is when you are then allowed to submit your FEC filings, at the end of each month during the campaign, and Thursday is June 30th (deadline of July 20th at the latest). OMG, this article is so blatantly dishonest and misleading. Trump announced 1 week ago today, and then submitted the paperwork TODAY with his FEC filings. He did not decline to provide the legal paperwork to the press. The press was told the paperwork would be filed with the FEC on June 30th, at the end of the month, following FEC filing rules as per required by law, and they could look at the paperwork themselves after filing. This is some of the most blatant and dishonest journalism I have seen. Or, you guys could just believe headline journalism.
lol fair enough.
How about you post the actual full tweet [HERE:](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/742034549232766976) In response to thousands of people tweeting him "Congrats for being right" this is how Trump responded: &gt;Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, ***I don't want congrats***, I want toughness &amp; vigilance. We must be smart! But hey, let's get angry over half-quotes.
Note: DEADLINE is the 20th of July There is nothing wrong with submitting your filing at the end of the month on the first day it is possible. You could be right though. This may be a separate filing they are submitting. At the end of the day though, it doesn't change the fact that MSNBC is trying to twist this around.
The problem is that anyone can sign up anyone for a spam email list. For example, I can got take Putin's public email and personally sign up for Hillary Clinton's email list on his behalf. Will Hillary now be accused of soliciting foreign donors, or even worse, Putin for donation!? Of course not. That is why these stories are ridiculous. There is a vast difference between getting generic campaign spam to one's inbox vs actively campaigning for foreign money. Hillary's team tried to hit Bernie on his spam mail hitting some people too in Europe during the primary. I honestly am tempted to just go to Guccifer 2.0's leaked Clinton Foundation documents and take all the email addresses of all the donors and submit them to Hillary's email list.
I have already called it now, Christie will be AG, not VP pick.
At least he edited his post, but yes, you are right.
Establishment supporting the establishment... Interesting.
OMG, the polls are all over the place today. A poll earlier today said Hillary was up +11 in Florida. Hillary was +12 overall in the NBC poll a couple of days ago, then in a different poll the same day he Hillary was only +1. Then yesterday it was +6 and +2, then today Trump was now the one +4 over Hillary. The battleground state polls yesterday had Clinton up anywhere from +2 to +4, then all of a sudden a different poll today had Hillary anywhere from +9 to +15 in every battleground state besides Arizona. We aren't talking crap polls either, we are talking polls rated in the As and Bs over at 538. There's some serious Shenanigans going on in these polls right now.
I am a LONG TIME arstechnica reader, I mean, from their early, early days... It has always leaned left, even though it rarely brought up political stuff. When they did, it almost always leaned left, including the entire election, almost all articles with any mention of Trump were negative stories. For them to stomach actually releasing this article shows just how flawed it really is.
I know everyone wants to make fun of Trump here, but he is specifically referring to highly classified communications that are so critical, they shouldn't risk being sent over the wire. He is in no way advocating people should stop using email in their daily lives. If you are reading articles that say Trump is telling people to stop using email, you are probably reading a "Fake News" story.
Yes. Many do it. Pure biology is kind of vague though. It will be more challenging for people that move from say, Ornithology to it than say, someone who went from molecular biology. Honestly though, I don't think it is that bad either way. Most important thing is having a decent background in math and stats. Everything else can be learned fairly easy. I say that because depending on the university, some biology degrees require little math, like maybe Calculus 1 and a stats class and that is it. You will struggle with Systems Bio if you haven't at least gotten into Differential Equations (Typically taken after Calc 2). Most-likely there will be a 500 level Bioinformatics class to ease people into it though at a university. People from all kinds of backgrounds will be found in that class and all of them will be able to get A's in the course regardless of their background as long as they have some pre-reqs in Stats and so on.
LOL seriously
I'll be honest, I keep seeing people say that the released report was not supposed to provide evidence. This is seemingly the latest new talking point after the report got trashed. I find it a complete rewrite of history considering the news media leading up to the report were all hyped by the White House themselves that the coming report to be released on the 29th was going to be the smoking gun of evidence. [Check out the official Whitehouse press release on the matter](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2016/12/29/fact-sheet-actions-response-russian-malicious-cyber-activity-and), released in coordination at the exact same time as the report. Then, you may want to read up [on this critique of the report](http://www.robertmlee.org/critiques-of-the-dhsfbis-grizzly-steppe-report/), and maybe, for those reading this that are not as technically inclined, [check out this arstechnica report](http://arstechnica.com/security/2016/12/did-russia-tamper-with-the-2016-election-bitter-debate-likely-to-rage-on/). Anyway, I am only making the point that not only was the media hyped about this planned report release, they actually reported on it being an evidence of the Russian hacking, of which as has been shown, 100% failed to present the evidence of it, [as you can see here with a "fake news" article by the New York Times claiming it did](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/29/us/politics/russia-election-hacking-sanctions.html). CNN, ABC, NBC, MSNBC, Huffington Post, and on and on and on all praised this report as the "smoking gun" of Russian hacking, even though your statement here was 100% correct, the internal report Obama ordered to be made on Dec. 9th is going to be the real one, and who knows how much will even be declassified. After the media fallout over the last couple of days of pretty much a universal condemnation by security experts over the lack of evidence, the narrative has changed to, "Oh, it was not supposed to be a an evidence, just some IT tips on how to fight against Russian hacking efforts." I kind of wish we'd get a far more in-depth one of these over state-sanctioned hacking by China though, considering they are far more responsible for Intellectual property theft than anyone else in this world... kind of makes you realize the political motivations of this report and the Obama admin's statements and makes you question the truth behind what they are trying to push. I remember Bush also saying that every intel agency in the US was in unison in their agreement that Iraq had nuclear weapons, or at least nuclear material to make them. Turns out that was propaganda to get us into the war with Iraq. How much of this are we to believe when we have yet to be provided with actual evidence?
Exactly.
Seriously. It also is not a good industry to use as an example as the main lead could be a mega sales-driving lead actor, like say Tom Cruise, whilst his co-star might be a less-known female actress. Think Mission Impossible 5. Would people go see MI:5 if they somehow replaced Tom Cruise? However, the female lead is likely more expendable. As such someone like Cruise is able to negotiate and command a higher salary for his work. To demand equal pay here based on sex would not be justice. The role can be reversed for female leads as well. Imagine if some small-time male actor co-star in a movie like The Hunger Games demanded the same salary as the much bigger female star lead even though he had a lesser part. I don't think there is anything wrong if two co-leads try to push in negotiating for similar salaries at all. I think that's cool. I am just pointing out that acting is a terrible profession to try demonstrate job equality of the sexes because whether you like it or not, there are other factors at play, like how some big actors are brought into movies not just because they are good at acting, but because their presence will likely generate ticket sales more. That's real marketable value. To demand the same pay as the person who can command that while you cannot is not social justice, it is basically meaning you are going to underpay someone or overpay another. Likewise if you have a small role in a movie compared to someone with a major role, like with Jennifer Lawrence here in this movie where she played a much smaller role. Why should she somehow get paid equal for having a small part?
Ya, blame it on basically my age, and not being cultured in the classics.
Presumed dead? ROFL The guy is teaching at Yale. He stopped using Twitter because of the political onslaught of accusations he was getting having been the CEO of the Clinton Foundation. Don't get caught up by this one. [He is even scheduled to teach another class in the spring.](https://students.yale.edu/oci/search.jsp) - MGT 866 - a business management lecture for graduate students. This past fall semester he taught MGT 629 "Ethical choices in Public Leadership," a decidedly popular choice for MBA students. I wouldn't get caught up in this conspiracy theory about his "disappearance," especially on something so readily verifiable.
Enough money for an HD nanny cam, yet didn't bother with furniture mounts? Seriously, they are like 5 bucks and take maybe 5 minutes to install with a simple stud finder. SECURE YOUR FURNITURE!!! This kid is very lucky. At least the parents had the balls to post the video to show their mistake so other parents can learn.
This is the guy that created a "Fake News" story claiming he had inside info on Romney's taxes, saying Romney hadn't paid any tax in like a decade. Of course, when Romney said it was a lie, the media took Reid's side and smeared Romney incessantly as a hypocritical rich dude that hated poorer people. Of course, Romney ended up releasing his taxes which showed Reid was lying, or in a way, that he was "bearing false witness." Many attributed Romney's faltering the last few days to the onslaught of negative news over his taxes. Reid, when confronted about the lie when the election was over, only laughed and said, "Well Romney didn't win, did he?" [If you think I am lying, see for yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3y0t73au6w)
I've never heard the sacrament by the right hand only before...
Let the billionaire dick-wagging commence! Now that Trump won, all of these people with big egos are going to say, "If Trump could do it, so could I!"
High-end drones have seriously good antennas, with several mile range. I mean like 2-5 mile range. Drone I recently got was about $1400 and it could easily do this. Just don't expect to accomplish this with the $90 quad copter at Radio Shack.
The person who wrote this is clueless about wedding expenses. I am sorry, but they try to make the claim that the wedding planner pays for everything so the Clintons only got one bill. This is absurdly false. My family is extremely well-off and have a lot of wealthy friends. I only say this to point out that the people who would bother to hire a wedding planner usually are wealthy enough to afford such a service. I also happen to have 3 sisters, 2 of which used a wedding planner (the other is not yet married yet), and I have had many friends of the family who used them. Having gotten married myself, in the whole planning process, there is a lot of talk with friends and family about strategies on planning, expenses and so on. Often the wedding planner is given a certain section of things they are in charge of. This is usually the tedious work, the invitations, ensuring the decorations arrive, the setting up a cake tasting at a bakery for the bride and groom, and maybe the core program of the event, decorating with approval of the couple on colors and theme, and so on. It will vary though. Someone might have DJ already in mind and so they hire the DJ themselves and just tell the planner who it is. However, often people will manage some aspects on their own in term of expenses. Want to book that fancy location? The wedding planner may schedule the appointment, but you put your credit card down for a deposit. For how expensive the Clinton wedding was going to be, do you think a wedding planner had the credit available to put a sizable enough deposit down for all of that? Of course not, and no one expects that either. Very rich weddings this is normal. Most wedding planners aren't millionaires. They may do the foot work, but when it comes to paying for big things, you get lots of separate bills, some here, some there, and so on. Did the wedding planner pay for her dress? I've seen plenty of dresses that cost more than $10,000. Hell, I went to a wedding and my wife was telling me how she recognized the "dresses" that the bride wore, as she took the top from one dress and the bottom of another dress and had them custom tailored together. Each dress was about 7 or 8k each. Chelsea apparently had a custom made dress from Vera Wang. This could easily cost you 20-25k, at least, in my minimal experience of being surrounded by women hunting expensive wedding dresses in my life. Is that considered part of the wedding expenses here by WaPo? The wedding planner won't have much to do at all with paying for the dress and sending you one bill at the end. Did Chelsea charge it? What about the venue for the wedding, did she put the deposit down on her Foundation expense card? You see what I am saying? There are lots of ways expenses can be spread out, regardless of having a wedding planner. The whole WaPo story seems like an apologist explanation to say, "Oh, we don't have evidence so hard to say." I am sorry, but a high level executive in the foundation outright said she used the funds for her wedding. Would they make the claim if they didn't see the expense report with their own eyes? In other words, WaPo is saying that they need to see the actual itemized bill themselves and the credit card that paid for it, and unless they see that, even an executive claiming otherwise is not good enough. Don't forget, this is the same newspaper that refused to cover anything negative about Hillary the entire campaign, and the brutal daily wikileaks release of the Podesta emails were completely buried, no matter how damning they were to Hillary. It seems even post-election they can't stop their shilling for her.
In all fairness, I appreciate the honesty. Anyone that pays more taxes than they are legally required to I think is an idiot. Trump said something that everyone agrees with, but everyone knows a politician would have some stupid, scripted, politically correct response. Instead, Trump just says, "I pay as little in taxes as possible," and when Hillary tried to say that was a rich guy trying to get out of taxes, he said, "It makes me smart." It is hilariously, brutally honest. Who pays more taxes than they are legally required? Blame the politicians like Hillary for writing the tax code that way. You are a moron, however, if you pay for taxes because you *feel* you should be paying more, not because you are legally required to.
I see you didn't understand my post at all.
This was pretty much Newt Gingrich. He cheated on his wife while she had cancer. That's a political death sentence. It didn't come out until Gingrich basically said *F this* and started to rock the establishment boat some years back and went against much of the party dogma. Boom, scandal hits! He probably knew it was coming out. Him being free of that baggage, imo, is essentially why he was the only long time establishment Republicans to come out in support of Trump while the primary was still heated and Trump was not the clear winner. Many in the GOP called him a traitor. Many have already forgotten these things.
Just to add to this one, I have to concur with this recommendation. This course approaches SQL from a mathematical mindset, which imo, is the best way to approach it. Others often teach you from a "This is the command to do this, memorize this statement, and query in this way." In this course it is far more in approaching SQL from the explanation of the "why" things are done a certain way. It might not be for everyone, but I haven't seen anything better myself. There are plenty of other good resources though, just as personal preference, I think this one is fantastic.
Honestly, the last time I've seen anything like that was when I guy took a grenade to the head from a grenade launcher (doesn't necessarily explode on impact and sometimes they end up duds). It'll give you a good goose egg head like that. I am surprised to see something that bad in boxing from a headbutt.
According to CNN and MSNBC and WaPo and Huffington Post and NBC and ABC and so on, Trump won because "Russia hacked the election" and they are literally now claiming that Russia "stole" the election from Hillary, implying that the voting machines got hacked now. It's almost as if the person who was the strongest candidate, most in-touch with the voters wants/needs/beliefs, is also the one refusing to follow the DNC and the mainstream media's denial of this election by placing all the blame on Russia, and is instead still actually aware of why the Democrats lost the election. The Democrat party shows no signs of changing. Did Russia hack Hillary's schedule to not campaign at all in states like Wisconsin and Michigan? Is Russia responsible for the Democrat party losing over 1000 state and federal elected seats over the last few years? The trend was happening before this election. Too bad Bernie is gonna be too old to really be taken as a serious candidate in 4 years or 8 years again. The DNC needed him and they don't even realize it. The funny thing is they don't even necessarily need his far left social policies. I don't think that will get him to win. I think what they needed was an honest politician who understands the people for a change. What has the DNC done so far in their post-election introspection? Nothing. They still contest that Hillary was the greatest candidate for President they've ever had, and the "most qualified" in history. I wish I was joking...
This is the more correct comparison in PC vs MAC. Often people will be like "Mac is built better, or is higher quality, that's why it's pricier!" Then, they do a comparison to some $2500 MBP to a mid-range or less $500 PC. Compare something like the Dell XPS 15 to the MBP, or the Dell XPS 13 to the MBA and then compare the prices and specs and quality and all of a sudden it is all the more obvious how much pricier the Apple stuff really is for the same specs for comparable hardware quality
ROFL this post has got to be satire.
The wall isn't just to stop Mexicans. Stop conflating the two. How many illegals that are not Mexican are crossing? Hundreds of thousands a year. Cartel violence... An open door for possible terrorists to sneak in if we get stricter on visas. It's not about just stopping Mexicans. If you've heard that, you heard a fake news story trying to discredit the overall motivations of Trump's by trying to make them seem purely bigoted.
ROFL your numbers are so hilariously off it is embarrassing. A single month of the year would net 30k+ illegal immigrants detained at the border, and it is believed an estimated 50% of people that attempt to cross the border succeed, so you are absolutely full of crap by trying to say it is only 60k a year. You have got to be burying your head in the sand to believe that. Remember, that is 30k+ successfully detained, not including the hundreds of thousands that don't make it. [A quick google would show you that an average of roughly 30k detained per month is fairly standard going back to 2012](https://www.numbersusa.com/news/illegal-border-crossings-hit-two-year-high). That's nearly half a million people per year. That's a lot of people. Also, to say they will just tunnel over or hop over is excessively denying the fact that it is far easier to patrol a serious wall than it is open desert. Modern sensors, coupled with a significantly sized wall, will easily net the people trying to jump across. Tunneling is going to be far minimally used. Some of those tunnels take over year to make. How many people can come through a tunnel, likely controlled by a drug cartel, compared to the open desert? You are not going to cram half a million people through a tunnel, and considering how protecting the cartels are of their tunnels, only those willing to pay big are gonna get entry through them. Plus hell, we find the tunnels all the time and destroy em. Years of work gone. Just imagine how much easier our Border Patrol's job is going to be? This isn't going to stop 100% of it all, but it sure as hell is going to stop most of it.
It was bad for pvprs. Naxx 25 weapons were insanely good and people were rushing Naxx 25 fairly quickly. It actually broke up some PVP only guilds, I remember, because people that wanted to be competitive needed to be running Naxx. That, coupled with how stupid OP DKs and and Ret Pallies were the first season, it was not a great season. S6 was far and away better.
Just FYI, the US intel report said that Russia did NOT breach the RNC. It was literally in the big hearing last week. Just sayin.
I see lots of comments about how "most members don't know General Authorities" have a living salary. Do you have any evidence to back this up? As a Mehmet myself I don't know anyone who doesn't know this. Everyone knows that the non-paid clergy refers to local leadership, as in Bishop and Stake leadership. They are expected to maintain their day job professions. However, being a GA means giving up your profession for the church. In other words, this isn't really explosive news at all like some people are expecting it to be.
The catch is that tomorrow is Trump's first press conference. The timing for something like this to hit right before is suspect.
It's called smart business. Imagine if someone paid Comcast normal advertising fees to run negative ads against the Southern Baptist Church whilst in Georgia or something. How much money do you think Comcast would lose vs how much they gained from the ad revenue, and you have your exact answer as to why. I mean, it could also be a good company policy with good motivations, but just considering it 2 birds with one stone for Comcast.
This is an obvious example of someone so out of touch with what they have. She had a 20 million dollar contract, with words that Fox gave a final bid for her for 25 million. She didn't take it, and everyone knows that it is because she has started to not get along with some fellow co-workers. Now, she is set to make 1/5 of what Fox offered her, but at least she gets to be in a place where she gets along with her co-workers better. Have any of you ever had a job with someone you didn't like or didn't like you? But, you still had to show up anyway, right? We are supposed to think she is being noble, that for her own well-being, she was willing to work for so many millions less, because the money wasn't important to her. In reality, most people cannot relate to her at all because the idea of accepting significantly less pay just to get away from so coworkers you currently are not getting along with is so out of the park here, that it's not even a 1%'r issue, it is a 0.01%r issue. I know people in the 1%. For their family and their career, they learn to deal with the dicks at work. Most of us that have no choice learn to deal with it. She just jumped ship. I am supposed to see that as noble? She is just out of touch. Now, I don't blame her at all, but I also think it is insane to be offered that much and turn it down because of coworker tensions. She is giving up like 10-15+ million dollars over them. Hell, if I could just get an extra $15,000 a year I wouldn't just tolerate the co-worker who I am not getting along with, I would sing their praises and pretend the best I could like I agreed with them on everything and thought they were the greatest person on the planet. But no, she gives up millions because she is struggling getting along with a few coworkers and now wants to go spread her wings elsewhere. Please...
The funny thing is all the people thinking Obama, the President who threw more whistleblowers in jail than any other President, would somehow pardon Snowden. I'd say the whistleblower that exposed the CIA torture stuff, that is sitting in jail now, would be the easiest choice for Obama to pardon, yet he has given no indication that he would ever do that, or even agrees that it should be considered.
ROFL the amount of BS and hearsay is insane in your article. "I heard once that someone I know said that they heard Trump say this..." I mean hell, the whole evidence you give of the "Trump refuses to rent to blacks" negates to acknowledge that he was refusing to rent to anyone low-income. You don't have to like it, but Trump's father had this property and they were trying to turn it into a higher-end property, so they pushed out anyone that couldn't afford it, not just African Americans. The political spin is focusing only on the black people being pushed out and ignoring the fact that *EVERYONE* was pushed out that was low income, including white people. But hey, let's just choose the intellectually dishonest path and ignore that part of the story because we don't like Trump, right? On and on and on. How embarrassing for whoever compiled the list, filled with so many false and exaggerated stories, with so much riding on cherry picking crazy followers as somehow an example of Trump supporters (which is something you could equally do on either side, and is often used as a dishonest political tool, as is done again here). Any type of critical thinking, and looking at the facts would easily dismiss so many as some of the most obvious storm of manufactured outrage and attacks on a single politician to ever happen before, and so many fell for the media lies because of confirmation bias. It is denial. It is burying one's head in the sand. It's funny how *NOW* Trump is a racist when he runs as a Republican, and not the previous decades of his life that were under a microscope. I guess they forgot about that time Trump had a black girlfriend, or the time he built the first golf country club in Florida that was open to black and Jewish people, much to the outrage of the racist people who saw country clubs as the last safe space for racist people. Yup, he got a LOT of flack from his racist neighbors and fellow rich country club white people, and he basically said "F YOU, my club is open to everyone!" But no, he is racist right? There are countless examples that the media so carefully chose to ignore about him because it didn't go with the fabricated narrative that the Democrats and the media have carefully been trying to create and push (which isn't a surprise considering how the email leaks showed dozens of big name reporters literally colluding behind the scenes on stories and "fake news" efforts). Don't let the media manipulate you by manipulating the facts. Don't let them treat us like the pawns and fools they think we all are, both on the left and the right.
He is right though. The largest circle-jerk I have ever seen in my lifetime is the media's fawning over Obama as he is leaving office right now. The ironic thing about it all is that Obama gave the media the least amount of access of any previous President in history and essentially led one of the least transparent presidencies of modern times. Yet, he is still the wonder child of these journalists and leftists because he is on their side. What is embarrassing is all of them worrying about Trump restricting the media and talking about Trump restricting their access, when Trump was the most open candidate in a presidential primary and election in our lifetime. He wouldn't go into interviews with countless handlers and pre-empted requests with what they could and could not ask him. He was holding a press conference literally once or twice a week the entire election, at least til the last few months when he started doing 2-3 political rallies literally every single day of the week. And then, the media tried to make it a big deal he hadn't held a press conference in a couple of months at the very end of the campaign when Hillary literally hadn't held a press conference in something like a year, which they almost never acknowledged. In other words, the double standard of expectations was so insanely obvious, just like right now, they have lost their credibility as they fawn over Obama.
I think this is an interesting article. In case anyone is wondering, it is emphasizing the intermix of tradition with scriptural doctrine with what leaders have stated, and how sometimes they can be unsubstantiated interpretations of ideas. Author does a good job of pointing out how even in scripture often the author of the book themselves might be culturally disconnected from some Old Testament ideas and traditions thus gives their own interpretation of what it means which might not even be truly doctrinally true. In other words, some things in scripture can be uncomfortable to explain, especially things like the flood, of which there is not a lot of say, evidence for happening across the whole planet, so if someone came out with an apologist explanation of the flood, it could easily and widely get picked up, unofficially, as the accepted explanation, even if the church has not made an accepted doctrinal stance on it. I think of it like this... Remember the people of Hagoth in the Book of Mormon? Hagoth was this curious ship builder (Alma 63:5-8) and it said he built a large ship and while not clear, it seems that him and some followers (at least some people, he might have just sold them the ship lol), sailed away on it. The church has long-eluded that the people of Polynesia were descendants of these Nephites, which has never really been backed up by anything other than some statements by General Authorities and some Mormon traditions as such. Of course, anthropological and genetic evidence shows no link at all to the Nephites and instead links them to ancestors of Malaysians. However, the tradition still holds and many Polynesians believe they really are Nephite descendants. Why would such a tradition be held? Well, there is this cultural belief in the church integrated into our culture deeply that your origin largely influences how receptive to the gospel you will be. The Polynesians were and still are extremely receptive to the LDS church. Why were they so receptive? Well, early church leaders explained it as that they must've been descendants of the Nephites, or something. In reality, it likely was the synergy of their culture and the LDS church, and good timing, which one could easily link to God's planning as well. The same is for Native Americans, which have been fairly receptive to the LDS church as well, largely because the church has a strong history of getting along with Native Americans while the US government and its citizens did not, but also the Book of Mormon History. However, many once again equated their receptiveness to claiming they were literal descendants of the Lamanites. Oddly, many in the church even used to call them, negatively, Lamanites, instead of Native Americans, which honestly is a fairly unfair branding considering within the Book of Mormon how easily you could change from Lamanite to Nephite just by becoming a "believer." Seems a little unfair to dictate a people as Lamanites after nearly over 1500 years of separation from the truth, or even further, that might not have ever even been exposed to it, considering genetic evidence that shows they likely were not even connected to the Book of Mormon tribes. Yet, the traditions and culture carried on and people are so quick to assume such a connection because of receptivity. Why? Well, the doctrine of the *elite* and the "Many Nobel and Great Ones" in pre-existence, and the reason that some will be more receptive because of such things, that it will be in their gut, a natural instinct that pulls and draws them to the truth, which kind of, in a way, is not totally doctrinal when in this life, free will and our ability to choose for ourselves allows us to outstrip others and become the elite, regardless of where we started in the pre-existence to here on Earth, or who our ancestors were as somehow making me more receptive to the gospel. But, that idea of emphasizing where we came in the pre-existence seems to have bled into the world of where we came from ancestrally as somehow also going to affect how receptive we instinctually would be to the gospel, which is not really the same thing as being a nobel and great one in the pre-existence. Long story short, it is important to always look at culture and tradition and see how it influences popular ideas and so-called accepted doctrines, because just because someone in the church says it is how it is, doesn't necessarily make it true, because it might be some integrated cultural influence or traditional belief, or some unclarified but widely accepted belief that might not actually hold true with further revelation down the road. I barely touched on the article, I was just making an additional point to the article, which imo, was fairly well written.
In context, he was saying that he felt that we should be going after the family members that colluded with the terrorists and knew about the actions they were going to do. He said this after it came out that the mother of the San Bernadino terrorists likely knew what was going to happen but was not being prosecuted. He said it in reference to all of the Saudi Arabian girlfriends and family members of the 9/11 terrorists that boarded airplanes and left the US the day before the terrorist attack and how we never went after them. The media decided to invent the scenario that Trump wanted to target innocent family members as leverage against the terrorists. He clarified this like 50 times to the media, but they didn't care. They only cared about the initial vague statement and refused to accept any other clarification because it didn't go with their narrative. Don't let the media manipulate you by manipulating the facts. The whole outrage over this was 100% manufactured.
Just FYI, import taxes only work on products that you also make yourself. Germany does not have a competing software company or "Apple" competitor, so raising the taxes on those will only cause higher prices to their citizens with no local alternative. The point Trump is making that Germany ships to the US millions of cars 100% tax import free, but if an American company wants to ship their cars into Germany there is a 29% tax (19% VAT + 10% import duty). He is making the point that it is not truly free trade. Germany protects itself against China by charging as much as a 48% tax on many imported Chinese products. I am guessing maybe you didn't know that then since you seem to assume that there are no import taxes within the EU. It is the fact that the US has zero import taxes, practically, but everyone else has them.
ITT: People that don't know that Germany has a 29% tariff against US vehicles (10% duty + 19% VAT) and the US literally has ZERO tax against German imports. Everyone complaining about Trump not being for free trade apparently are unaware of how true free trade works. Trump is basically pointing out the disadvantage US auto makers instantly have in the world economy since all of our "free trade" partners still have massive import taxes, yet we do not. Now ask yourself, is it free trade for Germany to have massive import taxes yet the US has literally ZERO? That is all Trump is pointing out. Now, there may be truth behind Germans not being interested in US vehicles either, but let's not bury our head in the sands and pretend like things are truly fair trade here between our countries.
This is really disturbing. Are they so stupid as to not understand that actions like this only make the overall public lose support or sympathy for their cause.
To those that doubt 3D, a couple anecdotal suggestions that seem to actually turn people into converts. Note, they are not 100% for everyone, and sometimes one movie on my list helps while another doesn't, and the reverse for others. Maybe it just depends on if they like the genre or not. I have a fairly awesome 3D home TV setup so I've hosted several 3D movie viewings with friends and there is always people that basically are 3D doubters and one of the biggest reasons why is that they saw one or two 3D movies and since they didn't enjoy it or see that it was worth it, just wrote the whole thing off (especially since the tickets are almost double the price). I think the real problem with 3D is that there are enough examples of *BAD* 3D out there that you don't want to risk your wallet on it until you hear if it was good or not. I think that's a fair assessment and a flaw of the movie industry where it *IS* a legitimate issue that many movie studios are treating 3D more as a trendy cash grab than a way to enhance the movie experience (Looking at you Wrath of the Titans). For those that actually try to use it to enhance the movie experience by introducing depth to the picture, and ignoring cheap 3D tricks, it comes across wonderfully. So, what movies changed some people's minds, to the point that I have even gotten some of them so blown away by it that they have gone out and built their own 3D home theater setups too? Here is my go-to list: *Sci-Fi is a popular genre for 3D* * Gravity (yes, movie is just ok, but WOW is it a good for experiencing 3D) * Tron: Legacy * Avatar * Star Trek Into Darkness * Star Trek Beyond (especially this one, just depends on which Trek movie they hadn't seen yet, since new) *If someone wants a more kid-friendly movie to convince em:* * Hugo * Life of Pi (Not for everyone. A bit slow) *For straight Action* * Dredd (This is one of my best go-to movies for people that don't mind this genre). *The Movie that finally convinced my wife* * The Great Gatsby There are plenty of other good 3D films. I merely list these as my go-to examples for 3D doubters. Again, not everyone here is going to win over someone. But, I bet at least one of the movies on this list is going to do it.
However, has anything that has been released by Wikileaks been proven to be fake or fabricated? The answer is no. Has wikileaks ever withheld information because it was damning to one party? The answer is no, and this one is easy to understand considering if they chose to hold it, the original source leaker would just leak it to some journalists themselves, and they would say and complain that they gave it to Wikileaks but they never released it. Has that ever happened? No. You can complain all you want about messages from the right, but my message is neutral and based on logic and facts. The real attack against Wikileaks has been the partisan attack from the Democrat party ever since the DNC server leaks. Also, it is like you somehow forgot history when Wikileaks basically was day after day embarrassing the Bush administration, leaking Bush's secretary of state's emails, and countless other things that he did to tear Bush a new one. A lot of the antipathy against the Bushes within their own party is largely related to Wikileaks exposing them for the lying frauds that the Bush family was. But now they are the bad guys because they leaked info on people on your side, right? You know what that is called? [McCarthyism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McCarthyism). You should read up on it because the current Democrat party is a perfect model of modern-day McCarthyism.
He was only good when he was attacking the Bushes, but now that he embarrassed the Democrats, "Hey, that's my team! You are only supposed to attack the other guys" mentality has taken over by the left. In reality, many Americans still like Assange, just like many Americans like Trump, contrary to what you hear in the media. I mean, Trump literally won the US election in the biggest electoral land-slide in 30 years against the Democrats. So, all this talk is mainly from loudmouths on the left upset their team didn't win, so they are looking for someone to blame and right now it is on Assange, even though it is extremely likely Assange originally was a massive influence in helping Obama win in 2008 considering how much insanely damaging information was leaked against the Republicans and the Bush family, and how that really tainted and hurt McCain. So, if you hear Americans are against Trump so much, just know that it is the echo chamber of Reddit you are hearing it. Ironic considering how much Assange used to be Reddit's darling. It's almost embarrassing how obviously biased and partisan the anti-Assange voice is here on Reddit. At the end of the day though, it's all just a smoke screen to take away attention from the true reason Hillary lost the election, all the bullshit crazy bad stuff in the actual email releases, which they conveniently are not denying are real, they just have a boogeyman to distract you from now.
One of us! This was hilarious! The guy actually was a fantastic troll too in making his political statement of how easy it was to create fake news. That's an alpha centipede right there!
A REAL journalist for a change. Wow! It's sad that he is not the norm in modern-day journalism.
It's not even that there are hundreds or thousands of DNC staffers, it's that he worked specifically in IT/Software Development for the DNC and was not just an executive or political foot soldier of the DNC. He actually had access to the servers here. Now, that doesn't necessarily make him the leaker, but it definitely does add to some circumstantial evidence leaning towards him.
True, but it meant he one, knew where to look automatically, and two, he could have easily had access to unencrypted *.pst files. Considering how poorly the DNC was protected, as we first learned when the DNC tried to lock out Bernie from data access in the primary (before we knew about the later hacks), and subsequently from these leaks, I wouldn't be surprised if the DNC failed to password protect their pst backups. It's almost surprising how many people never do. Again, none of this is necessarily a smoking gun, it is just merely circumstantial that this guy dies weeks after the data is stolen, the police quickly labeled it as a mugging attempt, except they didn't steal anything they just killed him, and then Wikileaks throws up a reward for info on his death. For all we know, it could just be a coincidence. For all we know it could have been a stupid gang initiation to just kill a random white dude walking in the street at night. It's just the fact that Assange not only threw the reward for info on his death, but that he actually setup his first live interview for quite a long time on Seth Rich's birthday. Again, it could be just be coincidence, or maybe Assange is trying to mislead people... Or, it could also be subtle hints Assange is leaving for us to understand, without officially breaking their policy to never officially state who any leaker was, even after death (so as to avoid retaliation against leaker family members, or other various reasons).
This is not really going to be a permanent thing though. It's a temporary measure until they roll out an official tweeting policy, likely in the next few days, but until then, just stop tweeting. It is merely a part of the transition. It also is worth pointing out that over the last few years Tweeting politically charged statements was fairly common place even among national park Twitter accounts, rather than just useful, non-partisan info, like I assume the US geological survey would send. So, they probably just implemented a quick policy to stop tweeting til an official policy and statement is implemented across the board. I am guessing it will be sometime this coming week it is resolved, maybe even as early as Monday
I am a scientist, and while I now work in the field of computational and systems biology, I previously worked in biogeophysics directly on the Global Circulation Model (GCM) in regards to how various microbes in various soils affect gas exchange in different climates and so on. I say that only to point out that this is a completely bad attitude and belief to have in regards to climate research. It is still 100% up for debate. There are still many anomalies in the GCM that we have not yet figured out. There are likely feedback loops and various other factors that are yet to be discovered. There is still a need for a better resolution of analysis. Don't get me wrong... The Law of Thermodynamics really make a strong case for say, global warming, and I personally am not a doubter of mankind's influence at all. Here is the ultimate problem though. Politically a GCM report is released, including some new calculations and modeling and so on, maybe a higher resolution, and the information is declared as Gospel and 100% fact. Then, the GCM model fails to be correct on a macro scale (some of the micro stuff is extremely good), and what I scientist does is we go, "Ok, interesting, why was our model wrong? Let's try to fill in the gaps we don't have." And, we problem solve, we research it. Politicians, people in the news, they declare such research as infallible, as "settled science" when us scientists are fully aware that we do not have a complete model yet, so we kind of try to make some assumptions in the data, and we add a few educated guesses, so the model actually works, and that is that. But, we do not declare something as fact. I mean hell, it's embarrassing almost to think of some of the previous GCMs we relied on as statements of fact even just a decade ago, they have come so far since then. The same will be said a decade from now and looking back on the GCM released this year. Please please please, stop trying to say things are not up for debate. Hell, the whole reason I decided to get out of biogeophysics in the first place, and get into Systems Biology (aside from my love of Math and computer programming), is that writing up grant proposals and attempting to secure funding was so politically driven, like there was an expectation of the scientists to also be advocates, which bleeds bias into the field. I hated that. There are still too many holes. Too many gaps. Too many unanswered questions. As a scientist, that is so exciting. It is a fantastic field. There are so many ways that one can contribute and solve unanswered questions. But, because the culture has been essentially hijacked politically, you need to conform to the current dogma and be almost political activists to get a dollar of grant funding, to keep your job. Good luck getting any research funds at all unless your grant proposal has all the right buzz words. It's why I left to a field with far reaching consequences, is still relatively in its infancy, and was void of political necessity. I don't know how to say this, but please stop with this whole idea that there should not be a debate on climate change. There should.
The deal is dead without the US. No matter what you hear from anywhere, I assure you, the TPP trade deal is 100% dead on arrival in the other countries now that the US backed out. It is even more so because Trump is not saying no trade deals, he is saying no TPP. He doesn't want these massive all-expansive things like this. He thinks the US should only be making bilateral trade deals, one country at a time instead.
The funny thing is how many people that are included as "solar power" employees are actually commission only sales reps that try to go door to door, or stand at a kiosk in the mall to try to get you to buy their solar panels. Elon Musk's Solar City is one of the big ones, but I live in Arizona and there are like 20 solar companies constantly advertising "Make 100k+ a year in the emerging solar industry world!" Everywhere!!! Then, you find out it's a bunch of commission only sales guys and like 5% of them are breaking even 2k per month in sales commission. I am talking about thousands and thousands of sales people here who are included in this "solar jobs" stat, and that is just in Arizona. That type of job is not quite the same kind of jobs the other energy industry provides. We all want solar. Trying to use manipulative stats, as is done here, to demonstrate how much the industry has grown is dishonest. You don't need to lie. This industry is growing. I don't think it will ever truly be as massive as the fossil fuel industry, however, as the commodity chain of getting oil out of the ground, processed, and then distributed is going to create a massive bloat of jobs compared to crafting solar panels and getting them installed as static fixtures. You get a temporary spike in jobs to build the stuff or install it, but then it is minimal upkeep, unlike oil which needs a continuous workforce to keep going. They are different markets that function differently, even if at the end of the day the ultimate product is energy. I look forward to the day when we fully swap to these renewables and have infrastructure to support it. I don't support fake news.
It also left out the truck drivers and rail workers that transport it, the fact that it included bloated numbers of a construction project of thousands who are out of work once the Solar Panels are installed, and the fact that tens of thousands of the Solar Panel workers included are commission sales reps, most of which don't make a whole lot of money, which is a job that doesn't exist in the oil industry. The whole thing was a misleading pile of BS.
lol pretty much, probably turns into 15 bucks an hr after gas.
Serious question, can't you just buy your own modem off craigslist or ebay or amazon and save the rental fee? I've seen modems go for like 20 bucks brand new off Amazon that are compatible and it'd take only a few months to recoup your costs. I ask cause I am not sure about Century Link. I am with Cox and my 350 Mbps capable modem (only using 150 right now) was only 40 bucks brand new on Amazon, saving me a boat-load in rental fees.
The hilarious thing is former President Obama could have done this at any time, but the left's hero of civil liberty, who was supposed to be the champion of the little guy, let the protests of the Dakota pipeline rage on for months. In less than a week Trump negotiates not only the pipeline to be moved 70 miles over, but to use American steel, which is going to provide income and stableness to steel workers jobs. I am not tired of all this winning yet!
Seriously, they literally had "Breaking news" on the Trump story about him re-claiming that 3-5 million illegals voted. We have a TV in our break room at work and it is often on CNN. When I took a break around 10am, it said breaking, when I took lunch around 1pm, it still said *breaking news.* When I took another break around 330pm, it still said breaking and it was the same exact story. I am sorry, but CNN has no one else to blame but themselves for the poor ratings.
I think with executive order it will become a legal bumpy road to deny 100% of funding. There will likely be some legal hurdles. Of course, as others are stating in higher up posts, there is some legal precedent to restrict at least some portion of federal funding to coerce a state to comply. With that being said, considering the [theory of nullification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nullification_\(U.S._Constitution\)) has long been rejected by the Supreme Court, if Trump hits a legal hurdle here, all he needs to do is ask Congress to vote on a bill cutting federal funding from sanctuary cities, and boom, no more legal argument. Trump is trying to go the speedy route, and maybe it is working considering just today the [Miami-Dade mayor just ordered the end of their sanctuary city policy](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/local/community/miami-dade/article128984759.html). But, if he does face the legal wall that could come, all he has to do is just go to Congress, tell them to make a new bill, and boom, they could get the new sanctuary city federal funding ban that will no longer be able to successfully legally challenged, and considering the GOP control of the House, it could take less than a week to be passed on convening.
Now we need Congress to vote and make it permanent, and also for congress and senate term limits.
The bigger issue is that the Federal government could deem that Michigan was no longer a qualified school for students who receive FAFSA, aka school government grants. Now, tell me what % of their budget comes from student tuition and fees pulled from FAFSA money. That would be insanely devastating to Michigan.
Sensationalist headline. Federal judge blocks the deportation of people that have Visas because of current legal obligations given to those with Visas. Federal judge has not blocked Trump issuing temporary ban on new visas being given out or the halting of immigration from one of the named countries of the ban. This ONLY applies to current VISA holders, and it doesn't even stop them from being detained, it only stops deportation.
I am not sure how you come to the conclusion that removing funding from an institution would somehow violate the constitution. Regardless, [I just looked up the numbers from a couple of years ago](http://www.michigan.gov/documents/budget/1_410735_7.pdf) from their budget that are publicly available, though they are likely even higher now, and there are so many ways the Federal government could make them hurt. Not that I'd necessarily want that, just saying that I am not sure how Michigan could win this one. A significant % of their budget also comes from federally funded grants.
Is Utah an exception? They score very well and have the highest per capita college graduation rate in the country, yet aren't they one of the most religious states in the country?
I am fairly certain if you do this every weekend, by the year 2020 people are going to be so annoyed by protesters that Trump is going to win an even bigger victory.
Of course WaPo tries to spin it for Obama. Did you even read the article? They were essentially like, "While Visas essentially slowed to a trickle and were not getting approved by Obama, and while when asked about it his administration danced around the question and never answered it, because Obama never explicitly said there was a Visa ban on people from Iraq, we give that 1 pinnochio." I feel like journalistic integrity is being thrown out the window here. Like I said, they barely could find any mention in the media about Obama's Iraq refugee ban and Visa halt, even though it happened. It just absolutely fulfills my current point. Why the outrage now and not then? Are we supposed to accept the idea, by way of WaPo's logic, that as long as a politician just does the stuff without actually telegraphing to the people that they are doing, they're in the clear? Or, should we be happy the current President is willing to actually talk to the American people and explain his actions, whether we agree or disagree with them?
Seriously? The core of ISIS/ISIL is within those countries (with exception to Iran). [List of terrorist attacks linked to ISIS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_terrorist_incidents_linked_to_ISIL) We should probably be weary of said region. The ONLY reason we haven't had an attack specifically from someone of that origin is because we thwarted some attacks before they happened, though ISIS sympathizers, like the San Bernadino attack and the Florida Night Club attack were inspired from the group. In Europe, however, direct ISIS operatives, under leadership from ISIS leaders within these nations, have committed terrorist attacks.
Question, the alt-right are pseudo white supremacist/neo Nazis. So, it says this guy is pro-Israel. Anytime you go to the alt-right subreddit it is a lot of Jew bashing and anti-Zionism talk. So, are they saying this guy self-identified as alt-right?
You base that because she likes competitive charter schools add evidence she hates education? I live I Tucson, AZ, home of one of the shittiest school districts in the country who is currently under investigation for fraud and money laundering, who had 40 kid size classrooms, and scores add one of the worst performing districts in the nation. Thank God I can send my kids to a high performing charter school and I am not stuck to the zipcode I live in to what school option I have. Without charter schools you either need to be rich enough for a private school or your are stuck in the zipcode you live. The inequality trap will never change if kids are forced to go to terrible schools. Charter schools give school choice to poor families that can't afford fancy private schools. We're a democrat town and we live our charter schools.
Trump mentioned like 500 times during the campaign that he was going to pull out of the Paris agreement. While you can agree or disagree with the action, him pulling out was not a surprise nor was it influenced by these guys. The media acting like it was a big surprise is a perfect example of the fake news cycle. Everyone already knew. Trump ONLY said he was going to announce his plans at said date. The media then created the story that he was "on the fence." Sorry, but 2 years of him saying we should pull out, countless occasions, deems this story to be click bait and misleading, imo.
Programmer here and amateur/hobbyist hacker. If you follow the hacking scene online you'd know that obfuscation is hacking 101. For example, VPN from Russia or China whilst doing anything, even though I am in the US. Hell, even leaving breadcrumbs to distract and mislead who you are is just hacking 101 territory. I always found it odd how Crowdstrike was like, "Hacker was Russian! That's 100% evidence it was the Russian government!" Think about that for a sec. Do we instantly assume the US government is behind the hack if an American is arrested for hacking? No... We assume they are a lone wolf. Yet, any time some Russian or Slavic person caught hacking, the media instantly brands them a Russian gov't agent. Sorry, but some of the best hackers and engineers and programmers in the world just happen to be in Russia with zero affiliation to the gov't. That's not even addressing the fact that the Russian breadcrumbs weren't purposefully added, considering it is such an elementary thing to do.
This is what I do :D
Maybe, but I have never seen an all-out assault on an individual, especially that of a President, as I have seen now from the media. Clinton had the media on his side, and his ratings still crashed... People forget that CNN got nicknamed the "Clinton News Network" long before Hillary ever ran, because back in the 90s CNN was day after day after day, shilling for Bill Clinton. Yet, he still was terrible. It's frankly, kind of amazing Trump is still as high as he is after 2 years on non-stop Trump bashing 24/7.
In all fairness, I live in an area where there is literally only one option on the ACA market, and the monthly premium for the family is 650 per month with a 12500 deductible before my insurance starts paying. In other words I have to pay over 20k+ a year for insurance before it does anything for me... and every year premiums are going up. Not sure it can get much worse... At this point, I'm willing to try anything new because what we were sold on isn't working
A lot of people forget that there is a reason most are homeless, and in most cases it is not people that are just "down on their luck." Many are truly just selfish ass holes who seem incapable of functioning in a normal society.
Also, there were questions like, "Is CO2 increase related to climate change?" Every scientist would say yes, even if you didn't agree with climate change as it is represented now, and would have been lumped in.
Ironic considering how much state-funded terrorism comes from Iran. Much of the weapons that ended up in the jihadis in Iraq were directly funded by the Iranians. Iran is also one of the most extreme theocratic Islamic nations in the world, with strict adherence to Islamic laws. While Saudi Arabia as a nation is expanding their rights, albeit slowly, Iran has actually been contracting as a nation. The bigger problem is not the Saudi government, but instead some of the more rich "Princes" or others that might be extreme in their own right. Most are not, just traditional. However, occasionally you find an Islamic extremist that is heir to a billion dollars. No other place in the world like that than Saudi Arabia, and people like that can do a lot of damage.
I actually finally created an account for FF14 during the last WOW expansion (WoD), and I was astonished at the amount of content and the constant influx of new content. While no WOW expansion was nearly as content empty as WoD, it was fairly normal to go without patches for 6 months to 1 year at a time. I was so impressed with the content releases of FF14 that didn't just feel like busy "filler" content, but actual serious, high-quality stuff being released. Gotta hand it to the dev team. I am happy FF14 is still doing well. Besides, competition is good. The only reason WOW Legion is any good, imo, is because Blizz had no choice but to revamp design decisions on content speed releases as millions fled for competitors, as did I.
Considering I know a friend who is a private in the Army, with limited clearance, nothing like her, and he got flagged and reprimanded because his wife was talking about where he was on Facebook and he wasn't supposed to tell her, I can assure you, they knew. They 100% knew what was going on on her social media account if the wife of a Private in the Army's Facebook posts were being monitored. She sure as hell was being monitored too. This is a perfect example of people up top trying to keep their hands clean, so they put a "pawn" that can easily be provoked. It's like putting a marshmallow in front of a toddler and then telling them they can't eat it. Why would you put that in front of them in the first place!? What they did is gave her clearance, then put the stuff they didn't want to risk getting leaked out in the hands of an extreme leftist anti-Trumper expecting full well that it happened. THEY 100% KNEW. I almost feel bad for her because she was likely manipulated by greater powers, except at the end of the day, she is still guilty of it in her own right, and should be made an example of. Stupid stupid and stupid...
ROFL, sorry, but the Earth's chance of turning into Venus, or even coming close to it is ZERO. Venus is what we call "hyperbole" in the climate change alarmism world, and the runaway greenhouse effect, of which you are referring to, even states that this could never happen, as all of the Earth's Ocean's would have to boil away, of which there is ZERO evidence would ever happen. Anyone that told you it is a legit concern is 100% misled and the "Earth might become" Venus is long discredited by even the most ardent climate change voices.
I think this is right, however, not in the traditional since referring to that it was an action by the FBI. This time it is the exact same thing, but through a combined effort by the establishment of Washington. It is why Obama signed broad sharing rights the last day he was in office, so that the story could be "17 agencies corroborate Russian hacking" rather than the traditional statement of CIA, NSA, FBI. They were trying to give weight to it to smear Trump as he came to power, thus it wasn't just an FBI smear campaign, it was Washington establishment wide. But ya, what you are saying is right on spot.
Funny how they have to add that "Directly" at the end, as an attempt to imply he is indirectly being investigated, however, which isn't true. They are trying to downplay their own hysteria and lies... CNN IS FAKE NEWS
It's worth pointing out that Marco's super package was actually Jeb's, who shifted to him when Jeb dropped out. He quickly became their pet...
First means first to publish and break the story, first to report it. Thus, verifying sources takes too long, so if it drives clicks, you publish it asap regardless.
The amazing thing was Comey kept referencing unverified reports about Trump in the media as if they were true, even though he already admitted that many of the MSM stories are completely false. This shows a clear anti-Trump bias. Rather than questioning the media, it acts as a confirmation bias for him so he accepts it as truth. You can tell this from Republicans that don't like Trump. They all complain about the media too, but when it's an anti-Trump story, they don't question the narrative the media is trying to invent, they just go along with it... kind of like Paul Ryan. He does that a lot.
Good weather in May, so yes. But honestly, this is just a misleading hit-piece by the anti-Trump site "The Hill" right here as they are trying to imply Trump is failing at the border, to make his followers unhappy with him. In reality, it is up from March. It always goes up in April and May over March. It will slow down in July and August because it gets too damn hot. Too easy to die in the desert. Too cold at night in winter months to sleep in the desert while crossing. Compared to last year, Trump is at like 25% of Obama's numbers for May. A more accurate headline would be "Illegal immigration numbers down 75% from last year." But, the media wants to spin everything and anything they can to mislead and deceive about Trump.
Sort of. Once the member is tagged as someone's "alt" then every single toon of that player also gets tagged, so you only need to tag each person once, rather than every single alt for every single toon. It intelligently adds all of the alts. For example, let's say I have 8 toons in the guild. I have myself as main, then 7 alts. I invite get 9th toon invited to the guild. All I need to do is use the "Add Alt" tool, and then select any of the 8 toons already in the guild and then every single one of the 8 toons already in the guild will now list it as an alt. I would check the video because I demonstated it. [LINK IS HERE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADp9jLfQJ2U&amp;feature=youtu.be) (4:40 for exact demo of what you are talking about). In regards to some efforts in configuring at start, yes, you are right, but only because it is impossible to retroactively know former events, like the date a player was promoted, or the date player joined the guild, and so on. Unfortunately the Blizz WOW API does not provide such info. From the date the addon is installed, everything is fully automated of course, and the ONLY thing you will need to do, is when a new player join, tag them as someone's alt, or if they are the only toon in the guild, do nothing. So, retroactively, ya, a little bit of effort. This might be a pain if you are in a MASSIVE sized guild. Also, there might be some guess-work on editing a player's "join date," but those are just optional features anyway. Again, from the day the addon is installed, it is fully automated. Good question though. Believe me, if there was a way to go back and change that I would, but no built-in API framework for alt-management, so I had to create my own. The good thing is that once you have it all configured, it is so simple to stay on top of. I mean, often a new player joins and you add a player note anyway that they are an "X's alt". This will be no more effort than that when new player joins as you don't need to manually add them to each alt, just one, and it auto adds them to ALL of the alts in the group.
Wow, I had never considered this. Player's from different servers can be in the same guild now? That is new to me!!! This is actually something that I could fix against, maintaining the server names, but stripping them out only on display. I honestly never knew about server mergers
Unfortunately it is not shared by people using the addon. That is something that could be changed in the future, but as of now, it is not a feature. The info is only shared across all your characters on your account ( with exception to settings and the actually reported log being unique to each player)
No shared reporting at the moment between addon users. This seems like a popular feature, however, that I did not anticipate lol. I will put it on my future "to-do" lists... For now, no. But ya, why didn't I think of that!? haha
If you get the 2nd game, I think 2033 REDUX comes with it. Can't remember. I'd say wait for a sale. You often can get both games REDUX version for like 10 bucks.
If they create new characters, sry, you are unfortunately SOL. No API available to check against and this is not doing any Web scraping.
I can write a script for you real fast to purge those names and rebuild the database of just those 3. I wonder if something got corrupted. Whisper me just their names and your guild name and I'll reply back a /run script you can use in-game to fix. Or, if you can disable addon, I will have a feature added to reset a player's data only... Might rebuild and resolve.
Hey! Thanks for feedback. Can you clarify what you mean by "main/alt gkick" ?
It's all about being "first" for the clicks now, no longer about verifying anything... just look at how many stories are constantly wrong. For example, the entire 2016 election in the MSM. Just the other day, former FBI director Comey himself called the NYT story about Trump being under investigation for collaborating with Russia, based on "inside sources," as being completely incorrect, even though every other mainstream news channel ran with it. The day before the Comey hearings it was wall to wall "This is the end for Trump, Comey about to testify that Trump lied and he *is* in fact under investigation for collaboration." They even claimed to have "verified sources." Then, the next day, its a huge dud and Comey admits that he did tell Trump on 3 different occasions that he was not under investigation. Oops, media's "verified" sources apparently were unreliable. Just yesterday and Sunday again, "Source says Sessions going to use executive privilege to block public hearing." Wall to wall coverage "If he is blocking it, what is he trying to hide?" Then it turns out that he was not blocking it and had never asked or intended to block it, and it was a fake news story. So, here comes another one... Maybe this one will be true, maybe not. Not that long ago there was a story about how Tom Brady and Trump's relationship was on ice and Brady was refusing a White House visit... turns out he had a pre-planned family event for a sick relative and it was an invented story. But, it had a nice anti-Trump headline, so they went with it anyway, even if unconfirmed. Snopes is just like all the rest. Clicks &gt; Truth
My state has FREE state issued IDs... Even poor people need legitimate ids for their government benefits. It's truly absurd, really.
This needs to be on the sidebar, not just a sticky. You seriously could get a PhD in journalism, or political science, or something related, just based on the information here. So much could be used to build a thesis of something like "The Democrat party is actually an arm of the mainstream left media."
It's also all the absurd "hidden" fees as well. I remember recently getting quoted at $109 per month, which included the 300 Mbps internet package which was normally $92.99 per month stand-alone. I think "Damn, that's not that much more... Then, at the very end of it all, the guy is like "So that'll be $169.xx per month. I was like wut? And he goes, "Well, there are taxes, and local city and state fees, plus it is $15 per month to rent the cable box... With internet, it is just 93 per month, and that's it. Sorry guys, when you try to sell me something that has a final price $60 higher, or 55% higher than the original advertised price, I am going to say no.
It's a nice resort hotel, just ask the front desk or the concierge to call you a car. Of course, Uber is probably the best, but if you ask the front desk, they will likely recommend a taxi service they trust and call them on your behalf. They also will do black car (of course so will Uber).
Funny story. I did exactly this before with a buddy and his wife. Wife goes, "Really? That's so nice!" Then, she immediately calls the waiter over to change her order from some $12 Pasta dish to the $22 Shrimp and steak combo. She also then orders a $16 margarita. Honestly, I was more shocked than anything, borderline humorous how absurd it all was. My friend looked horrified. Anyway, that was some years ago. The first time I ever met his wife, since I was overseas for a while, was when I got back to the states, I went to visit him, and they had just purchased a new house so he was showing it off to me. Nice house, really. Modest, 2 car garage, an actual yard, decent neighborhood, but maybe not huge. Still solid 1800 sq ft. home. All I could hear from her was how disappointed she was in the house, how she wanted something bigger... oh and she just came home from infant baby shopping and had spent $300 on ridiculously stupid baby outfits that were like 60 bucks each, for a 1 month old. Really? Honestly, lost respect for her considering he was working hard, doing his best, and she was almost ashamed of her not huge house (and they were only in their upper 20s...) Anyway, yes, they got divorced a few years ago now. I still remember that dinner night though lol
The Venus idea is a massive myth and not supported by any modern research.
I am just curious. If there was no collusion, and he was not under any investigation of collusion, as Comey admitted, what is so wrong with asking for people to come out and publicly say there is no evidence or investigation of collusion between Trump and Russia? I mean, it is the President of the United States, it kind of looks bad to the world to have this hanging over our heads, and if it turns out it wasn't true, that there wasn't actual collusion, and that the FBI was not actually investigating Trump (which apparently they weren't), and the NSA was not claiming Trump colluded with the Russians... Why is it bad that he is asking the head of the NSA to come out and publicly say otherwise? I am having a hard time grasping why this is somehow the end of the world for Trump. The media is saying day after day after day that the FBI and the NSA are investigating Trump for Russian collusion and he is about to get fucked, then Comey comes out and says the story was a lie and that he did actually tell Trump on 3 different occasions that he was not under investigation... why is it so wrong to ask for someone to come out publicly and say that? It's beginning to seem all the more like a Washington insider political attack than anything. I mean hell, even Marco Rubio, who is not a Trump supporter at all, was like "Isn't it odd that the only thing *NOT* leaked to the press was that Trump was *NOT* under investigation?" I just don't see what is wrong with asking the head of an intel agency to say there is no evidence of collusion when it appears there isn't any evidence of it.
They have literally been saying Trump was going to self-implode since the first week of his primary campaign announcement. It just keeps changing form. First he'd self-implode before Christmas. Then he was gonna self-implode at the first debate. Then he was going to self-implode by the Super Tuesday... then he was going to self-implode in the REAL campaign, not the primary. Then he was going to self-implode in the debates against Hillary. Then he wins... and now he is going to "self-impeach." Right...
She refused to give them "extra" rights over everyone else, but stated she would defend their rights equally, like any human deserves. But hey, that doesn't get the headline clicks now, does it?
You're a really really really, ridiculously nice person!
Any person that has a 4 yr old swimming in the ocean without a vest, even with training, is a fucking moron. You are lucky to be alive. There are things that training can't do for you when your body is so small. Good for you, however.
It's ok, I upvoted you anyway because I agree with the context of what you are saying! People quick to judge someone if they say *anything* not positive about Trump administration, even if they are a good person and really one of us. MAGA!
Can confirm. Step father is retired AF pilot and now flies privately for fun. He hops on his flight sim at home occasionally and is about as real sounding as they come, proper terminology and everything. I think a lot of people would be surprised how many professionals actually play the simulators.
The person that posted it was a Muslim who thought it was "funny" and thought he'd get laughs... And you wonder where these kids get these ideas... SICK SICK SICK
If they run Kamala Harris it is a guaranteed win for Trump in 2020. This lady seriously puts illegal immigrants ahead of American citizens. She is so hard left it would embarrass the Democrat party by exposing how their mainstream is 100% about identity politics now. To Hillary's credit, she somehow did a good job of hiding how bad the Democrat party has become in regards to partisan identity-based politics, aside from the "women" comments. But my God, Kamala Harris is even *worse* of a candidate than Hillary! We can only hope!
True, however, what will happen is some company is going to jump in and say "Netflix not throttled on our network and we're 5 bucks cheaper than Verizon!" The real issue is now the mobile space, imo, which very likely could be the future of high speed internet connections as many are now getting internet for their home using the 4G/LTE spectrum, but it is the oligopoly that exists in the fiber networks where you literally have only one option, and the companies have a shared understanding to not go into each other's territory. When there is only one option, there is no competition to offer you better services. The cost of entry is so high that it acts as a barrier to prevent people from moving into neighborhoods with their internet lines.
Not according to CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC, CBS, NPR, NYT, WaPo, HuffPo, the Reddit team of armchair constitutional lawyers, and so on. They were all posting stories about how Trump was usurping his constitutional authority, with their team of "experts" all agreeing... This right here is an example of one of the largest "echo chambers" I think we have ever seen. It was not about facts, it was about trying to damage Trump and stop his agenda.
Paperwork issues. For example, I needed 6 more credits to get my undergraduate degree, except the credits I needed were only available in the fall semester. My University let me walk in May even though I wasn't officially going to get my degree til the fall. Well, lo and behold, I got my degree framed in the mail like a month later lol. I called them and was like "What about my other 2 classes?" Oops, my adviser had submitted paperwork for me walking as if I was 100% done. They corrected the paperwork, but I could have quietly gone into the night and accepted it. But, then I risked the possibly of an audit down the road uncovering it, so I am not gonna take that risk. In other words, it *CAN* happen. With someone like her, it could be a simple clerical error like what happened to me, of course, she is the daughter of a Senator, so who knows... all kinds of funny things happen with those people.
Haha well, under a background check the University had me listed as having the degree. I actually looked into that. Where I was concerned is if the University did their own internal audit and then contacted me down the road. Eh, didn't want to risk it. Might as well just get it over with.
My biggest problem with all of the healthcare plans is that they actually do very little to address the root of the problem with enormous costs. For emergency care, there is not really any elasticity of demand. It's a "need." You can charge whatever they want. With that being said, there are so many other costs, however, that are different. There should be a law mandating the exact price for procedures be listed in the medical world, kind of like the food world needs to provide number of calories. You should be able to go online and find out who has the cheapest xrays, CT scan or whatever. Outpatient care and exams should all be market controlled. It would force price honesty as well because of the unrealistic bill pricing provided dies not reflect true pricing at a hospital that insurance actually pays.
Never thought much of this guy until his speech at the RNC conference last year. [Check it out for yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DPqZXGCF8s) It was actually pretty awesome. Made me realize he has the *potential* to be a great President one day as well.
The mod team here is so quick and amazing! KEK
Eh, programmer here. A lot of people outside of the industry don't realize how overwhelming and massive a coding project can be, for even small programs. The can be extremely mentally exhausting, to the point that when you have a good idea, as an experienced coder you also then think to yourself "But wow, it is going to be a hell of a lot of work, is it worth it!?" For example, I built a "small" side addon for Warcraft, just as a side hobby "fun" project, and this fun little side project had blossomed into about 10k lines of code, with people requesting features, UI tweaks, and so on. This was a "small" side-project. I think a lot of people don't understand the massive amount of work involved with writing code. It was "sort of" fun for a little while, when you were just feature building and infrastructure building. But, retroactively changing things for the better whilst not breaking old database management methods and so on will be a soul-sucking, caffeine-binging epidemic that happens on *EVERY* project, without fail. It is the nature of the industry. You trust yourself that you will find a solution, and you always do. In fact, I have never, to this day, not built a solution to what I wanted to do. But damn if it is not an occasional rough experience. Every "fun hobby side project" will have these moments and before you start any of them, as an experienced coder, you are completely self-aware of the challenges that lay before you. When you are younger, you think, "Worth it!" Things change when you get older and priorities shift and time-availability changes. This will act as a barrier at some point in your career. When you are young, no family, no kids, sleep 4hrs a night, it's not a big deal. When you gain other hobbies (which is much easier to gain now that you have more money as a coder), all of a sudden you don't necessarily have the "itch" to sit behind a computer and code for 12hrs a day.
The local pediatric wing of my hospital, next to the maternity ward, has a large display behind glass, almost like you would find looking at an insect exhibit, except they are all of the various items removed from a child's throat or stomach that were harmful. It's quite shocking really some of the items. One I was a little surprised about was the number of those smoothed out rocks they had in there. Buttons seemed to be another big one.
Holy F... He was on Stephen Molyneux's YouTube channel as well and he was talking about how they had inside footage from multiple networks, but right now they were focusing on CNN and how he had a big bomb to drop before the weekend. This must be it! I honestly was passing out in my bed but now I can't sleep! lol
Van Jones ON VIDEO: "The Russian thing is a nothing burger" Van Jones CAUGHT: "Video is a hoax!!!" Literally everyone: ????
TL;DR If you hadn't caught on, he is making fun of the MSM for making wall-to-wall coverage of Trump's tweet, and how they are actually so hysteric over Trump they are talking about how Trump's tweeting is going to start WW3 and maybe end all of civilization. In other words, the libtards have gone even more mental than ever before and he is making fun of them.
