Stop overthinking and do what you feel. once you have pulled an "overnighter" (I am assuming this also means sex) then it's pretty much on. So relax, he is enjoying himself, you should be too.
"You suck dick right?"
Well, time to practice your baseball skills. Next time at bat, try to score second or third base!!! In my experience, once we are kissing and making out, the cocks become hard and if you touch him or draw attention to your hardon, it is just natural to wanna play with it. Ease him into a blowjob situation, and suck his cock. I find that sexual as hell and very intimate! It's not as big a committment as heading to the bedroom for upside down naked calisthenics, and often can be the most intimate way to provide pleasure.
Yes, it's a thing. Take note of specific instances IF there is a behavior you would like changed, be aware this isn't just about him, this is also about you. Look, I am a man's man kinda guy. I have tools, owned guns, intimidate younger straight boys, do my own brake jobs, fix plumbing and repairs around the house, remodeled the kitchen, et cet. None of that makes me feel insecure. But when my partner makes comments about my being our dogs mama to other men I would be insecure and object. Eventually I learned to deal with it and he learned to show enough respect that we reached a compromise. It just is key in realizing that just because he looks at you a certain way, that doesn't make you into that person. You can ask them to change, you can ask them what they mean, and explain how it makes you insecure. In my life he tells our 13 Lb Shih-tzus to "ask their momma for a treat" I have realized that it is endearing and affectionate and I no longer object, he does take my car to the gas station and fill it for me sometimes, and he does a lot of the laundry chores and we share the cooking. It works for me, I don't take any shit for it, when my work friends come around they get a kick because they all see me as very powerful and manly, and he allows them to see a tender side to me. EDIT: spelling, some grammar, (iPad autocorrect hell)
Hey str8 bro, no one likes being "catfished" and what they did to you was awful no matter their sexuality or gender. If you were recorded, against your will, and without your knowledge, that is not a crime. However, if you were recorded while you were being misled and they then disseminate your images to porn or other content providers, they have committed some crimes which are prosecutable and carry both civil and criminal liability (fines, restitution, jail time). If anything they may post it somewhere. If you do find it out there, seek legal help to have it removed and control it. Keep in mind that you are not a celebrity, so your pictures will not stand out unless someone knows you. Don't be too afraid, the pics will be largely unseen until you run for office...
Offer him the whole package bro. Instead of trying to be his first, try to be his all. Go and try to win out against the boyfriend, but you have to offer the same things. You don't mention that the brother is into you at all, so you must be just wishing from afar? Time to find out if you have a chance at being his boyfriend, not just some guy who wants to fuck him.
All you have to do is take it to the next level. Instead of eye contact, it has to be verbal, so be cute when you say something. Take your time wording responses and instead of short curt responses, take the time to introduce new subjects while keeping the conversation going. For instance: (Him) Sup? (You) IDK- but there are possibilities.... There is no way that won't get a response, (or blocked haha). Be suggestive, sexual, excited, and interested, but use your words.
Remember to have fun and talk about how it feels to your partner. He needs to know if you feel good and vice versa. One shower will work, just pay attention with soap and washcloth to all the ares where he might be close. Scrub your ears, your toes, your ass, taint, hole, Cock, balls, and stick a finger in and around inside your anus to make sure you are clean, if you have a foreskin, retract it and clean all inside there. Above all have fun, and don't be selfish.
&gt;He lets me be selfish and not do much and he does a lot of the work haha Well it's obvious you and he are in different places. You think you are simply fucking, and he thinks he is building a relationship. At some point you figured to stop taking advantage of him? Or did you plan on being the "selfish one" from now on? So you plan to ghost him. Wow, that's payback for his investment. Why not just level with him and explain that it is purely physical for you and obviously not for him, and it's time for you to go. God forbid you take some responsibility here. Be firm, be real, tell him that it's over and you are not seeing him any more.
Challenge yourself. Let him drive. You need practice at that. Social first or you will be easy and they won't date you, but will just use you for sex. These aren't hard and fast rules, there are always exceptions, but as a gay man, you owe it to yourself to learn how to function socially first so that you can separate the serial killers from the potential husbands.
Yes, three years ago I was heavily recruited for over a year for what turned out to be my dream job. I was in a three year old relationship that had a commitment ceremony, joint assets incl. shared home, shared vehicles, and joint checking accounts. When I tried to talk to my husband about the recruiter he laughed and told me to submit a resume because "what could it hurt?" I said that they would probably offer me a job. I did, they did, and when it came time to move I almost got divorced. We moved together, it was extremely difficult on our relationship, we suffered from the loss of his income while he was working on certifications and credentials for the new state regulations. Eventually it worked out, but I will never ever consider a move without full disclosure with joint compromise and decision making. Why has it recently changed? Is this his preference? Or is an opportunity just too good to pass up? It is one thing to be upset over not being near each other, but what happens when you guys try to solve work problems? I had to support my mate for a year and a half to get to a place where we were both working successfully. If you guys want to be together, then ask him to marry you and solve the problems together. Many schools offer degree programs online, is he able and willing to help you work you way into a more successful degree? Will you be content working and doing school part time while watching him be successful? Do you trust him to help you? TL:DR if you love him and he loves you then work on each other's careers together.
Are you fucking kidding me? I'm gay, this is /r/askgaybros, and in case no one else has the balls to tell you, you're fucking gay bro. Time to get the counselor redirected to help you accept it.
Why are you asking this question. Do you not realize you are in danger?
crying that often is a red flag. You are being manipulated, controlled and systematically abused.
You need to get out of your head and into your hands. Start painting and doing things that require concentration. It will be much healthier than letting your mind go in circles. Meditate every morning. Observe your thoughts. You will find that porn is like a drug. You have been an addict, dealing with the minds addiction to it isn't easy. Don't fuck around until you know someone. Minimum of three dates, they have to make the first move, leave your penis in your pants and concentrate on holding hands and being in the present.
You need real dates, not hookups, emotional intimacy, not sexual activity. I don't understand why people want to pretend that love and sex don't go hand in hand. You need to have the social intimacy of falling in love, date, kiss, hold hands, be real, talk about fears and share them. Then you will have enough emotional investment to control the sexual expression of that.
You have asked him to be your boyfriend? If not, then do. but you know what? Wear black, do some mourning, take care of grief like you lost a relationship because you have. It's the same process for getting over unrequited love as any breakup, feel it, self care, slowly get on with life. It isn't supposed to be easy to feel, but the question remains; now that you got hurt playing FWB, don't you think it should be a boyfriend you share sex, intimacy, and secrets with? Don't look for a hookup, don't look for a FUCKBOY. Look for a real live boyfriend...you sure wouldn't be worried right now if you had. Stop being so easy, once you show them your cock, you are all out of reasons to date and be boyfriends.
Dealbreaker. I don't mind a conservative, have your own mind, but a guy who is gay wanting to support Cruz or the other guys who want to roll back gay marriage and go to "kill the gays" rallies. Sorry bro, deal breaker.
Gotta be real with ya, it is a lot more fun when boyfriends cut your hair.
Dude, go ahead with your plan. You get a dog, he gets a cat and there you go! Raise em together and all is love. If you need some cat tolerance remember that some gay men just have to have a little pussy. Haha!
You have to level with him. A relationship won't make any sense because you don't want the same things. Explain that you don't want a relationship with anyone right now, and he will probably want to end your sexual relationship and possibly move into another roommate situation. Good luck
I like a Case. I have carried one for years.
Gay activism is not limited to bar flys and drag queens despite what the media would have you believe. It is anchored by families.
Dude, get a room. When a friend helps you because of a breakup or what ever, you don't break the rules. You don't invite people over, you don't smoke in the house, you don't treat it like you are the homeowner. You quietly get back on your feet and move on. Then you can have a stranger in the living room naked at two am.
Hi Bro, I was molested. I also know that I was gay before I was molested. I also understand the issues around pedophilia. The NAMBLA crowd he mentions has been around for years, but has always failed to gain traction in the mainstream. Why? Because sex is HARMFUL to minors, it damages their self esteem and ability to develop into confident sexually aware adults. It is generally accepted that young minors do not have comprehension of the consequences of their actions and so do not possess the ability to consent to sexual acts. They are also commonly manipulated into having sex even when they do refuse. Legality for pedophilia will never trump protection of innocent children. I am not impressed with his claims to be a counselor to gay clients, I would not want to do therapy with someone who had no empathy for my situation, and referred to my group as "them people, you people" he obviously doesn't support homosexuality, compares homosexuality to pedophilia and is repeating common political rhetoric as being a learned man or scientific researcher. Unfortunately all of what he points to is not empirical research, not objective scientific experimentation, but simply conversational opinion bolstered with facts inappropriately drawn into the conversation much like any of us might have or argue with about our political opinions. He is apparently repeating shit that he has heard.
He is absolutely full of shit. Key elements surrounding development of same sex attraction are not fully understood by science or medicine, and most research doesn't indicate that historical assumptions surrounding behavior and late childhood development of same sex attraction / homosexuality are at all true. The leading edge of the science and medical research indicates earlier and earlier childhood establishment of immutable sexual orientation. The whole "born gay" popularity is born out by research. Having said that, keep in mind that pedophilia is not related, AT ALL. It surrounds behaviors that become hidden and compulsive and obsessive and is a well understood physchiatric disorder. The therapies that exist for pedophilia are effective at limiting and exposing relapse activity, but no one can or will support the conditional support of their pedophilia at the expense of a group of minor children. Neither would anyone support a serial killer by suggesting that he go on killing. Anyone connected with the discussion that draws these type of conclusions and comparisons are homophobic and discriminating against LGBT within their discussion.
Bro, don't be silly, when you are in a relationship where a guy is just using you for money and you want to be in love or be loved back there is no peace. If you think you want to be in an open relationship that is fine but to contemplate it as an enticement is ridiculous. Put it on for a moment. If a guy asked you to be his boyfriend, and he would pay you, and let you fuck around would you take him seriously? Would you think he wanted you? Or would you just figure he just wanted " anyone" and you were the first fly caught in the web?
Not so much, I bet there are more flattering pictures of you than the one above, but that isn't the point. I have always seemed to get a lot of action when I go out because guys just fucking like me. To be "hot" isn't something that I would characterize myself as these days, but I have always had plenty of options! Even women try to pick me up on occasion. So the point, keep doing what your doing, it's awesome!
Three Way?
Truth!
Do you? If you became successful and then famous would you have obligations? Yeah, but tempered by self interest. It can end careers, it makes people very afraid. Look at Liberace, who was the most obvious gay but still kept up appearances. Elton John claimed he was bisexual when I was in high school. Ellen came out and it cost her a show. It was a long road back. Others shouldn't make those decisions for you.
You act as if he can only cheat, not be honest and learn better. It isn't a character trait, it is bad behavior and not communicating. Many young guys slut it up in their twenties and then learn how to be a good boyfriend later in life.
People grow up. You don't know the guy, the only evidence we have is an HONEST conversation. Have you ever cheated? I have, but not since I was like twenty two. Shit does happen when you are young and gay and clubbing. If you can't see that, then w/e
This is no easy question, and normally my "knee-jerk" reaction is to be out no matter the cost, but I would refrain from having the conversation. Your involvement with him is a primary relationship in your life, alienating him would result in harming your future, and damaging your education, and denying you the formative relationship you require. In this case I am going to recommend you hold your own counsel. If he asks, do not lie, but do not bring it up. Good luck.
Chill, clean up in a shower beforehand, use your fingers to swirl around inside and ensure you are clean, go hump your brains out. Contrary to popular belief, there are gay men who bottom spontaneously without using enema or douche. They just fuck when the mood hits. One of my exes told me recently that his younger boyfriend was a real drag because there was always this stop the presses and go shower and douche. He missed how I was willing to go for it at any time.
I would make a map of places you go things and things you do. That will tell you where you should be to get close to them. People usually organize home near work to minimize commute, but consider also what you spend time doing outside work, that will show you how to be close.
Unless you tell them they won't know what is on your mind.
I went to a bar for drinks and dancing. This guy was dancing in the stage and started backing up to me. I ended up bumping his ass and got all hard in my jeans, it was drinks, good music and practically fucking if no clothes. After the dance I went and sat down and he came up and sat on my lap. This was a cruise bar in the woods outside meridian MS so we went outside and he started getting into my pants. We took turns blowing each other and he came quick. Then he just stopped and was like, you're too big to blow, it hurts my mouth. TL;DR hot and sexy boy wanted me, pushed his ass onto me, sat in my lap, dove into my trousers, came and left me with blue balls.
Look man, I am a versatile top, and I grew up shoving everything that would fit into my butt while jerking furiously on my cock. They were hard wired to each other. Sticking something in my ass instantly caused an erection and precum. If your experience is different, then Why go trying to discover your ass? Do you dude, not someone else. If I had been you and he lubed me up and fingered me, we would have fucked. That you didn't really speaks to your deal. Put it this way, I have never done something to my body I didn't enjoy or desire. If you don't want cock up inside you then forget it bro, you don't need to be different, just more clear with the boys you do the flat mambo with. Right?
It's who you are. I grew up somehow knowing two immutable truths: 1) life would be better if my mouth reached my cock 2) orgasms were a LOT MORE FANTASTIC when my ass was involved
Itching and redness and swelling....ROID Attack. So here is what is needed short term- you need medicine to help heal the roids, topical creams and suppository medicine to help reduce swelling and bring things back to normal. The itching causes frequent wiping/scratching which in turn keeps the area irritated and swollen. By the way, these can bleed which exacerbates the swelling. Heal the roids, that is step one. Long term, your diet and lifestyle are causing your condition, you need to start on a fiber regimen, use what you like, but add fiber to your diet, preferably a daily additive, (think Metamucil vs just eating veggies which is fine but inconsistent). Once your stool becomes more firm, and your roids heal, you should be able to clean up from a bowel movement quickly and effortlessly without irritating your anus and also you will find less accumulation of "leaky mess" which I suspect is not fecal matter, but blood, serum and clear mucus which is the body trying to control the inflamation and swelling. Good luck, and hope all this has helped.
Bro, I am not going to troll you. i will not tell you to go fuck yourself. I think it's awful that you have been raped. By the way, rape isn't sex, it is a violation, any non consensual sexual activity is harmful and you are RIGHT to be hurt and wounded. I don't think you should ever give up, not on yourself, not on falling in love, not on being happy or feeling better. It's complicated,but the answer lies with you, your expectations and responses are way off the charts dude. You show us a picture of a stranger and explain the plastic surgeons can make you look like him so you can get a boyfriend? You don't need looks to get a boyfriend, you need to be at peace with yourself and love yourself to get a boyfriend. TRUTH you don't need plastic surgery. You have been emotionally beat up, you have not recieved the support or love you need and you don't know how to get your needs met. You need some counseling to deal with the rape issues. You need some counseling to work on your self esteem. You need some coaching on how to deal with rejection, and how to ask and receive some dating instead of constant rejection. Be willing to date a regular dude, not a hot guy. Be willing to see that all men have flaws, and work on seeing past your own self perceived flaws. There are plenty of guys who would date you as you are without plastic surgery, without all the rejection you have been experiencing. You have got to be asking the wrong guys, and asking in a bad circumstance in order to have the results you share. In addition you take it very personally that you haven't been welcomed and asked out by others. It's common to feel like a failure at dating when you are young, and to feel like every situation is black and white when they are really grey. Just chill and get some help Bro, We love ya, don't skip getting help!
A certified copy of my marriage license.
True.
Just know them before you take the plunge. It is a small boat and everybody finds stuff out, so be a little cool at first and check twice to make sure he isn't going to flake on you.
Thank you
Several things... 1) Good for you, you went on a nice first date! 2) No,you can't change gay orientation 3) your parents will be happy if you are happy 4) you need to surround yourself with true friends who accept you Ditch the friend if he won't be open minded about your life. You know you are gay, and pretending you aren't will only hurt yourself and others. Plan to be honest with your folks when the time is right. Parents want you to be happy and successful, the how and when and with whom won't be nearly as important as the happy and successful.
See you just lost your credibility. It's one thing to be arrogant and attack ideas and positions, but you just snapped on a user, not a way to win your argument.
We had met and dated, and he told me he loved me. Not long after we started talking about living together because we were thirty miles apart and we missed each other. Not long after living together I asked him. He was willing to do a Commitment Ceremony, but Marriage between Gay Couples wasn't available in our home state then. We had 180 guests, it was lovely, we have wedding pictures on the wall in our home. Years later when it became legal where we were, we went to the Courthouse, got a license and made it more official. We still celebrate the original date tho.. :)
Straighten Up. Quit Cutting Class. Meet him when you have free time. Drugs &amp; Booze &amp; Gay Sex, well hell, no wonder you like him!!!
The relationship you have with him is clutch, but the pervy sex he wants with you is just for him and his jollies. He might get hung up on you if you do it a few times and want to stop...so be careful about how you want to continue.
I don't think in matters. I live in PDX, and am in a much more conservative industry than politics (Marine Construction) and I am out on the job. I moved here from Mississippi and I guarantee they don't treat gay people the same in Mississippi. Go to law school near PDX or SEA TAC, whatever you do, don't go to Oxford Mississippi, that would be culture shock for ya. Hope it helps. B
Adammm99 There is no way, NO WAY this is good for you. You are going to throw away your chance at college scholarships, at doing well in high school, and you are playing with dangerous substances (drugs and hooch). While it is not rare for guys to experiment, your wake up call is ringing bro. It is fun to do drugs and to drink. it is fun to have sex. But being a sixteen year old, these things need to be done in moderation. Drugs can destroy your future. Alcohol dependence can become strong enough to kill (just ask Amy Winehouse, who would have survived the drug high, but the Delerium Tremens-only caused by detox from alcohol poisoning- took her life). Its fun when you are learning to be a "bad" boy, but the honest answer is that it is a long road back to innocence. 16 doesn't last long bro, you will be older before you know it. When you do drugs and spend time on sex and booze you miss out on education and foundation skills and developing judgment that helps you live life. Take some time for yourself and remember that being cool won't provide you with and education or job. You need to develop. You need to grow into a man. Don't shortchange your childhood and wind up wasting your opportunities on a guy that doesn't value himself or you. Your life is just starting out....drop the drugs, go back to class, buckle down and get after what is important. Don't chase him into nothingness...a good boyfriend will wait for you to finish high school and won't expect you to do self harmful things.
Being a member of a minority is hard. No matter how much acceptance a guy gets from his family or social circle, he is still gay. He has still grown up with the sure and complete knowledge that he has something to be ashamed of because of the way society treats us. Accepting that one is gay and coming out of the closet also means confronting the vestiges of a homophobic value system. Relinquishing the thoughts that we are not equal. This has been a lifetime of acquired value judgments and will not go away in a day, but can be challenged and confronted with affirmations and perseverance. Remember that being gay (Two-Spirited in Native American) is special, amazing, and incredible. Gay people experience love that they describe as deeper, more real, and much more intense than straight people. Gay people embody out of the box thinking, and tend to be the most creative in both problem solving and the arts. Gay is synonymous with successful in many cases and often are leaders, inspirational, and catalysts for change. A gay minister once told me that God created Gay people to show mankind that Love would overcome any obstacle. Being accepted by the people close to them is a basic requirement for survival. Gay people, thrown away when parents realize their children are gay, by default experience a unique right of passage taken for granted universally -acceptance and support of family. This alone doesn't end their minority status or achieve success. Every racial minority has this as a given and yet they all to a single individual possess the awareness that the rest of the world will treat them harshly at times. Gay people yearn for equality and enfranchisement by the majority. Just as every minority does. As long as it is an advantage to be straight it will continue. With gay marriage becoming law in the US it is a heady time for gay rights advances, but there are fears that some of the rights will be rolled back if the republicans come to power. As u/BlubberyGiraffe points out, coming out never really ends. It has to be done constantly with new folks.
Doesn't matter to me, everybody is different in their own way.
LoL!!! Holy shit that's funny as hell!!!!
Dude, try topping. Bottoming isn't getting you off, so try top.
BDSM requires more communication, you guys need to schedule a date nite create a safe space and discuss what everyone wants, how to get it, what you like about it, what you don't like about it and how to proceed. These relationships require understanding which comes from communication.
Well, it may be a little subjective, but here is my reasoning: In order to deal with being an oppressed minority in hiding during adolescence and puberty many gay men learn a tremendous amount about themselves. They are referred to in the Native American communities as "Two Spirited" having both the benefit of a male gender and a female gender. While this may not actually make us superior, it does make us tremendously more self aware, and tremendously more flexible about accepting different ideas and solving problems by thinking "outside the box". I hope this explains adequately. :) I would assume that Bi Men are also the same.
I am not sure why I am getting down voted unless it is because of number one. While this is vulgar, it is how straight men at my work talk about gay sex. It offends me and pisses me off because Gay Sex is beautiful and awesome. Maybe you guys thought I was trolling, perhaps I should have been more eloquent with my response than just typing without thinking. Sorry guys. You might like to know that I am Gay, Married Happily, and don't feel that I should have been down voted for telling the truth.
You are falling in love with the person they wished they were. The Internet is so good for that. Many people use slightly older pictures when they were a little bit hotter than they are today. Or they fudge their age just a little bit (either up or down). For Men who are not young, hot, height and weight proportionate, or any combination, it can be like a fantasy. Let me paint you a picture. Guy A: 28yrs old, 160lbs, 5' 11", athletic, fit, works out, has six pack Guy B: 45 yrs old, 330lbs, 6' 0", sedentary, thinning hair, obese So Guy B posts a picture of a Hot Guy who is 39. Someone who is fit, athletic, and toned/tanned. He engages in a fantasy that he really is that person. He is enormously attracted to Guy A, yet he can't actually meet because he isn't who he says he is. He is living a fantasy that he is someone else. The image, the person you are in love with doesn't really exist. Try to get him to change his tack and be real with you so you can see who they really are.
Many men have standards, pity their hearts and minds don't really go along. Our Primitive impulses, instinctual &amp; hormonal, seldom respond to higher brain guidance. My advice, go with the flow, it may be just what you need to become a better man. Only the future knows....
Grindr. It's really that simple. Explain you are seeking a new experience, that way more experienced men can lend a hand. (so to speak)
Be consistent. Neither ugly nor nice. Continue to state the obvious, "I am not interested". That doesn't make you a jerk, it makes you kind.
HAHAHA, No, "Gun Oil" pretty cute. Buy him the kind of lube you like and use it. :)
Oh! I get it, thanks!
Awesome!
Hey Bro, I do relate. Here is what I can offer. As Gay people, we sometimes have bad childhoods and can suffer tremendous negative emotions that many straight people just don't understand. For me, I felt as if recall of my childhood was like walking a minefield that could harm me at any moment. I felt counterfeit, I felt disconnected, I felt lots of negative emotions. What I learned from counseling was to face my fears. To become willing to endure the storm of emotions. To observe self care so that I meditated and read positive affirmations each day so that when negatives came at me I could stand fast and feel them and release them. Today I don't have to harm myself behind my emotions. For many years I used alcohol or food to try and manage my emotions. Today I allow them to exist without judging myself, without harming myself, knowing that a feeling isn't a fact and that they will pass by if I remain steadfast and connected to me.
Well, this is fucked up but here goes. I wore a really nice dress shirt and slacks with some nice Rockport shoes to work the other day. The shirt was a tall size and the slacks were just a hair big so I felt pretty good and snagged some attention. I went to the bathroom and was talking to this guy and didn't realize I wasn't all the way zipped up. I walked into a conference room and sat down at the table and it became apparent because the tail of the shirt was sticking out the top half of the zipper.....I had to lead the meeting after I tucked in and zipped up. $:
Bro, that's a lot. Let's take it one at a time: &gt;....very defensive about sexuality Ok. What do you have to prove? We aren't straight. We are all gay and we all suck cock and bottom or top. Focus on what they say about their sexuality. Remember that no one can make you feel inferior without your permission. Remember that you are an awesome gay dude and you have good sexuality. God made you gay to show the world that love has no limits. &gt;....very competitive about my sexual experience Why? I have had a three way, I have been topped by a black guy, does that make me better than you? Hell No. The key element is that you did what you did and it was special to you. Fucked a guy in a glass elevator? You go boy, still no different, deep throated a hung guy? Who cares - did you like it? That is what is important. I held hands and wrote his name all over my notebook, yep, just as gay. Chill, gay sexual behavior is unique to the Gay having it, hope he had fun. No winners, no losers, fucked a bro on Halloween that was hotter than Zac Effron and it still doesn't matter, did YOU dig it? &gt;....deeply insecure about being gay &amp; place in society Work on self acceptance. When you know that Gay People are equal then you will be equal. It really is that simple. Investigate how you feel about gay deep down, and face it, when you believe you have nothing to be ashamed of then you will cease to be ashamed. &gt;....deeply scarred by breakup At least you were in love! Better To have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. Treasure your pains, because you earned that shit. Maybe he hurt you, but you did have a relationship! Not a failure dude, a rite of passage. No one gets to Mr. Right without at least one Mr. I-got-dumped. &gt;....defenses are up when meet gay bros Ok, look. They can hurt you. But they can also be a understanding pal who tells you when you need to not date a drug user or not lend your car to your drunk boyfriend. They might be the one who tells you that they like you but don't wanna have sex because they have a boyfriend. Don't be afraid of gay people, their not any more scary than a churchlady. What are they gonna do? Suck you to death? Tell you that you are too fat or not cute enough? Phuck em! It ain't like they are all going to want to bed you. Some will, usually the ones you aren't particularly interested in. And the one guy you think is so hot you would die if he spoke to you might not know you exist. He will "be strong" too. Phuk em! Relax. They can't hurt ya. &gt;....confuse friendship with attraction Ah hell, we all do this when we get horny, keep beating off regularly and just try to be open with yourself about the guys you find attractive. Ask them for their number, be courteous and try to ask them out. One of them might go for it, and if they say no it hasn't cost you shit. &gt;....how do I present myself when meeting gay bros Be nice, be clean, and try not to talk too much. Let them steer, and just try to enjoy yourself. They might be nervous around you, you don't know unless you talk. Just chill, all is as it's supposed to be. Take care, hope this helps. Good Luck!
Do you at least put out?
Bullshit. If this is all true then for goodness sake at least kiss him or something. Don't be focused on the past, stay in the NOW.
Couldn't resist, sorry
It means to have sex.
Take your shirt off, leave your pants on, and have some fun. Gay clubs will get you face to face which is more fun.
I am friends with a couple of Gay doctors, one single, one married. It doesn't really matter to me as I am successful in my own field and pull six figures on my own. They do live in a much bigger house tho...LOL.
Hasn't made me sick. I don't think it makes anyone sick. Doctors have killed more people than eating out a boyfriend's starfish. JUS SAYIN
Send your number and say, call &amp; meet for coffee?
AWWWWWW.......I hope you get a proposal, that is so Sweet!!!
Dude, Really good post! Nice that you put yourself out there. Thanks!
Sometimes sexy times make the heart grow feelings. For me it always was a closer, but I was kinda emotional about getting naked and never really hooked up with like FWB or one night stands but like once or twice. Don't hold back, hang out with guys, make meet ups and dates, and if it goes there don't shy away, dick him down if it's right, but don't be afraid to let your feelings tell the story either, get me?
If you are going to use a razor you will probably get razor burn using a triple blade, use a single blade razor and take a long hot bath first. Put bath oil in the water and lotion your skin prior to cutting the hair. Easy does it, don't rush, take your time and moisturizer after.
Being kinky with a one night stand or hookup is a lot less threatening than a guy who you live with, try to talk, and be patient with yourself as you leve with him.
Some guys would get an ego boost out of it. It can change how the interactions between friends go. If he knows you think he is hot it may become a topic of conversation.
Hey Dad, sorry it's happening, but there are some resources to use. I am a father, I am 48, I have a son who is straib t and I am gay. I am married, my husband is also here. Look, the thing that needs to be addressed is how your boy is engaging in risky behavior. The motivation for it is not clear to you, but must be clear or it will keep happening. The sex with older men happened because he didn't get a normal outlet for expressing his sexuality with his peer group. The older men were more than willing, so he is spending time trying to feel his way at being gay. He needs to be taught to respect his body, and his sexuality. If he had been fooling around with another boy his age, you might be surprised, but there wouldn't be a power differential. These older men are treating him probably well, he is getting some needs met, sexuality and sex needs, but he isn't doing so appropriately. He has skipped holding hands and first kiss, and snuggling or dating and went straight to age disparate sex. They are probably giving him money, and he is probably afraid to level with you or anyone that he is in over his head. He isn't the first gay kid to trade sex for some intimacy or some money and feelings of power. They probably make him feel good, not just sex, but feel good from a self esteem point. If you put your mean face on and lay down a bunch of rules and freak out on him he may just jump ship and go to them for the safety and security and get his desires and needs met. You need to put this on and figure out how to take care of his needs and discuss with him How these people don't and can't be bothered to care for him. Explain why it's dangerous and just try to reach out for examples of appropriate relationships that will nurture him.
Hi Dads, So I am a dad to a straight kid. He lives with me and my husband and is currently 22 going on 13 due to Aspergers and video games. So why do you have reservations? Because you feel guilty about lying to your friends. Think this one through for a minute. You maintain a good environment, and do a good job of raising your son, and obviously this other family trusts you. So in the light of a new revelation of their "boyfriend"status, how do you maintain that trust while still being sensitive to their son's privacy. Well, here it is in a nutshell. Do not allow their son to be taken advantage of, do not allow open sex to be going on, do have a talk with your son about appropriate limits, and institute practices that will make it a little inconvenient for the boys to be out with you about their relationship while hiding it from their other set of parents. Don't let Ian know that you guys think it's cute and approve, even though "Awww", you need to keep some friendly distance. Ensure that your son and his boyfriend don't enjoy freedoms and privileges that the other set of parents would be offended by, or wouldn't allow. Discuss this with Kevin and tell him your rules for his behavior with a boyfriend. Being supportive during this time in their lives is a unique opportunity and wonderful gift. It doesn't excuse common sense rules and allowing a sense of propriety to be observed especially in public spaces. You absolutely cannot tell the parents because you shouldn't out Ian, that just isn't ok, no matter how well they treat you guys, behind closed doors it may be a different story for the boy. Pump the brakes, try to keep your son on an even keel and let Ian take care of himself. Keep your place from being the watchdog, ensure Kevin knows what is right and that he will be held accountable for treating his boyfriend respectfully. He can't expect you guys to lie for him, but not sharing the whole truth is acceptable. That is how I would handle it. BTW if you feel they must be told, meet with your son, and encourage him and Ian to tell them. It just isn't your place.
He gets to be himself and gets to control interactions with his family, as do you. Let him be in the drivers seat. If it is a deal breaker for you, then discuss how to reconcile marriage to a family you don't know. Establish some ground rules about your interaction and figure out if you can deal. When I and my husband married, my family was not involved at all. They do know him, but we seldom have any contact, I insulate him from their homophobia and also limit my interactions with them.
&gt;left hand..... NICE BRO
Dude, get over yourself. He didn't ask you to be exclusive, live together or get married. Those are commitments, this is a show. If you don't want to go, don't go, if you want to make the time to see him, it's a good possibility that you might just enjoy yourself..
I have an older brother who is straight and homophobic and racist. We haven't talked since 2005. I am also a twin, he is straight and I am gay. We are fraternal, which means we were like siblings born at the same time. We are not shared DNA, nor same eye color, hair color, or resemblance. He and I get along pretty good.
Just meet him and then decide, if he gives off a bad vibe then bounce, but for real an older guy will help you figure it all out.
You don't want to, you shouldn't, this is how life is, no opportune times, weird habits you normally would freak over, and way too busy for a new man. I always did what I always did and got what I always got until I went "off script". Dude, this is your life calling and saying let go of your script, let it happen and relax.
Interesting for gays who grave a lot, especially to the African and Europe areas mentioned.
Probably if I was single and he was cute.
Ok, secrets out....rock paper scissors.
I was having sex from a very young age, 12. So I knew they were pushing me to do stuff, and I thought eventually I would grow out of it. Parents sent me to be fixed, got married, and guess what, still gay.
Therapy. It is what can help you deal with you, and that is what is causing you pain, irrational fear.
My thoughts, IF you are really into a guy, AND you trust him to explore with you, THEN, Bottoming will be a wonderful experience. IF you aren't into him, and just trying to find out if you can do it or not, then you shouldn't...it can hurt, it can make it hard to do it again. It takes being turned on to bottom, when you are into a guy it makes it much easier.
Dodge Charger daily beast. Share a Chrysler 300 AWD Leather Sedan w/ Husband on weekends He drives a Chrysler Sebring Touring Convertible daily. We don't have a dream car. Just like to be able to afford transportation without drama.
You can become "suddenly Religious" You can suddenly "acquire an STD" You can be "hurt down there" Or Suffer from "Sexual Addiction" There are lots of ways to let them down easy...just claim you are unable due to God, Injury, Infection, Abstinence, or "took some drugs and it won't get hard" ....you will think of something.
Totally low risk. If you are worried about it, get some PrEP.
Monogamous - 5yrs &amp; 9mos
We both were looking for a relationship, and it worked out. It took a lot of hard work, but totally worth it.
You obviously haven't done this before.......
Will your family open it? S nod it to a friend's house.
There is great value to being honest with yourself. When you tell others, self awareness is a byproduct. You become more self accepting as you become more open. You also become accepting of it and that banishes shame. The end result is more positive feelings about your own identity.
SPEAK UP, HE CAN"T HEAR YOU FROM HERE!!
I was always mistaken for a legal 21 yr old when I was still 17 and graduating from HS. I bought liquor for all my friends in college. Later on in life I developed a receding hair line, and a bald spot in back, and started growing some gray hairs. Today I look my age, no one thinks I am older than I am, but I am often referred to as "distinguished".
I gotta be real with you, if a guy isn't trying, if he is just laying there for it, I am not into it. There has to be a shared goal. When I am on bottom I make sure he knows where we are headed before the first kiss. All the undressing together, admiring each other, preparing, cuddling, slow stimulation that acquires urgency, and then the moment we together accomplish becoming ONE, as it becomes familiar, and momentary discomfort becomes aching need, we become fervent, reach for the Summit, his desire, my desire, all of it aimed at a shared peak, an aching need that cascades into an opera of sensation, a symphony of vibration as his throbbing ejaculation is gripped repeatedly by my sphincter and prostate. When it has ended, and ramped down to less violent, less intensity, more sedate and now admiring kisses, gentle caresses seeking affirmation of a shared coupling.....This is the essence of what it is to be FUCKED. One cannot do it alone. It must be shared. The top is not the only person in bed. His urgency is matched by the wanton NEED that rises out of adequate lovemaking. There is no sex like gay sex, it doesn't have an equal upon Earth.
Thx
My Son (22 yrs old) Has rather Severe Asperger's Syndrome (AS) and my Husband's Nephew (21 yrs old) also has rather severe AS as well. "Aspies" can develop some coping skills, so they can deal with the anxiety caused by the frustrations of living with some of the disabilities. Their mental function is usually not suspect, Aspies can be extremely bright, but their unique difficulties in communicating and navigating social situations are challenging beyond what is experienced by other mental health sufferers. Their lack of concentration of peripheral and inability to understand do not provide them with the social cues everyone else takes for granted. Extreme literal interpretation of communication, lack of perspective understanding of sarcasm and humor, and often a very different perception of the world around them are hallmarks of my understanding of AS. In my son's case, self care is a daily battle. He doesn't understand when he says things that precipitate anger or distrust, he doesn't really comprehend or think about much that is not in his "Zone". The Anxiety medication can keep him calm and avert him from becoming agitated. Often Aspies have ADHD as well as AS which results in their difficulty understanding, comprehending, carrying out, and being successful in Work. The earlier diagnoses result in social groups, therapy groups, and psychological treatments that result in coping skills to minimize difficulties. Once an Aspie has aged out of High School, it is difficult to find the same type of treatment and help that is available while they are still young. They are painfully naive, because they do not comprehend all that is happening around them, and often Aspies turn out somewhere on the LGBT spectrum of Identity. Keep in Mind that medication does not exist to improve his AS. AS was discovered and mapped to a set of behaviors, but it is not caused by or identified with any particular malignant disorder. There is no "Missing Protein" or "Brain Chemistry" that can take away the symptoms like there is with schizophrenia or other Mental Diseases. It is developmental in nature, and without the coping skills that come from social interaction and trial and error growing up there is not a quick or easy solution. Having said all of that, He is in famous company, Bill Gates, Alan Turing, Albert A. Einstein, and Abraham Lincoln are all rumored or confirmed Aspies. It is more like a disability than a disease, compare to blindness rather than schizophrenia. So the sky is the limit depending on the individual. Best of Luck, B
Well, TBH I am married, but my belief is that lots of guys in their 30's are looking for love, relationships, Triads, Open Arrangements, and everything else under the sun. We live in the Pacific North West and Gays here are plentiful and somewhat visible.
You are so Welcome. When the Doctors told me that they didn't think he would ever work or that I needed to come up with a trust fund solution for what to do when I am no longer able to take care of my son I freaked the fuck out. Some time, some gentle handholding with my husband, and some prayer has taught me that my son is not a problem, he just experiences quite a few from time to time. He has been more vocal being around me, and I hope that in time he will learn the coping skills he needs to work, play, and live in the world without having to have parents shield him. He uses public transit, and plays video games, has friends at the game room. I am working with him to develop his abilities, and keep hoping for him to keep his spirit up. He is a very happy individual and has a wonderful way about him. I hope you enjoy your relationship with your boyfriend!
I'm Gay too! Glad you can type it, one day you will say it!
3 months, Gay years are like dog years, :) so that means each year is seven years. So three months is a year and half or so....heheheh. Ok, it was more like two and a half months because I asked him could I stay because of a forty minute drive home. :)
She and I parted when my boy was two or so. We had a hard time, but eventually got over our discontent with each other. We are friends now, she remarried and never stopped me from seeing my son, I paid child support and extras when I could.
Which one? The catcher is HOT
Think twelve once soda can. It's a nice piece, I was lucky to be toting it through life, all my friends were smaller than me. But on the con side, I have only rarely gotten blowjobs, became obsessed with being deep-throated, two maybe three times only so far, and guys have looked at me naked and changed their minds about anal before. In reality, it's just a penis. It happens to be attached to a nice guy, but it's still just a penis.
Somehow gay boys figured it all out way before you tube.....wonder how that happened... :)
Come out, get your own business done, and be real. The changes you go through will bring your maturity forward. I think he got scared when you associated coming out with him. Coming out is personal, can be filled with some trauma, and often is a two steps forward and one step back sort of process. I think he felt uncomfortable being "blamed" for changes that were going on in your life. Go ahead and get your business done, and then see if you can reconnect with him after.
Limits Bro. Send him a card that says, "Hey, I am sorry we don't talk, I still love you even though we don't agree." I would suggest meeting on Neutral ground. Don't try to go back to the home, where he is the ruler and the King. Meet in a restaurant and ask prior that if things get tense you will be expecting to end amicably rather than a storming off situation. Point out that you would prefer to keep some subjects off the table and obtain a commitment from him that he wants to see you, not mom wants him to see you. This can be done by letter before the meeting. Remember that you and he have to work this out. She can't really be involved. So approach him directly. Send him a card. Then send him a letter saying you would like to meet if he is open to it, please respond if you are willing and with the understanding that if things escalate we agree to change the subject. Good luck Bro
"Wow, if I only knew you better, we'd be naked." I used to say this to boys in public surrounded by their friends. It was a stretch, but it paid off so many times. Guys would be flattered and it would start a conversation.
My experience says no. Tried to be str8. Huge failure. Married divorced, cheated, gay. Was having gay sex at twelve, now am forty eight...nothing is different, except how I talk about it.
Dude he is trying to get attention. What he does with it once he has it remains to be seen. If I were you I would risk it.
You need to plug in to gay groups and hang out. It will help dispel your doubts and shore up your confidence. I heard a gay pastor say that God created gay people to show the world that loved defied all limits. Remember that saying "I am Gay"* is just about the most powerful change that can be made in a persons life. It is an AFFIRMING change that embraces LIFE, TRUTH, and your undeniable sexual DESIRE. it says to the world that you will not be ashamed of who you are, nor will you keep quiet about who you want to be with. You will be proud of being who you are because gay is who you were meant to be. You embrace love and open yourself to relationships and sex, this is what the straight kids are doing and no one bats an eye. *LGBTQ- trans or whatever your gig is
"If I told you you had a nice body, would you hold it against me?"
Watch his eyes. If you can't tell, maybe he can.
Nekkid
Well, that was a lot. Look, you are really on to something here, and you should hang onto it. The reality is that you have developed coping skills. You sense a deadfall trap in front of you and actually remind yourself that negative self talk is bad for you. Stop. End of story. Don't back up, don't reverse, just hold it. That was some really good shit,many most of the time behavior modification employs just these type of observations and directed focus. Now you, sensing that you have some coping skills, you don't stop, you forge ahead and discount your methods and look for reasons to still engage in some negativity. Stop. Go back, use the coping skill, you acquired it because it is necessary to your survival. Lastly, you will meet someone, but guess what? Since straight people represent 95% of the population, there are exponentially more partners for them. Let's do the math. 320 million * 95% result / 2 = 166 million straight men and 166 million straight women. NOW out of the remainder you got about 1/2 gender male who are gay or 8 million. The absolute truth is that it takes gay men longer because there are fewer of us and spread out over more of the population. A straight guy doesn't have to worry if the chick he is crushing on is straight, odds are, she is. A gay dude has to check quite a few more boxes to get laid, and even more to find Mr. Right. So chill, your life doesn't suck, it ain't you, it's ok Bro. Hang in there, and maybe you can find some one willing to go around the playground with ya!
I will not date anyone who is not out. Fuck that shit, hide yourself, I will be over here waving a flag and fundraising for gay rights.
Ok, you are quite correct that the situation is causing some problems. How to address those problems is really challenging. There are several issues, lets identify them. 1) Testing fidelity - Your partner has doubted your participation in the relationship by conducting investigations into your phone and behavior despite having no cause. He doesn't defend this suspicion, perhaps you view it as an accusation without cause. Meanwhile you do continue to trust him in word and deed by not accusing him or verifying his fidelity by checking up on him. 2) Confidence in Sexual attraction- Your response to your partner revealing he is excited about the idea of other sexual partners seem to revolve around how you feel your partner views you and is attracted to you sexually. Open relationships typically involve a basic tenet of desire to participate in the relationship regardless or despite sexual attraction to others outside the relationship. You need to address these issues by talking with your partner and explaining that it is foolish to open the relationship based on one partner's desire for sexual conquest outside the relationship, when there are both trust issues and sex attraction issues. Explain that his baseless accusations in the past demonstrate that he will be alert to your behavior, and your trust of him in the past goes without recognition, and that he should recognize that you have trusted him and not accused him of wanting others or of trying to hide surreptitiously contacting others. Go further and explain your confidence in his sexual desire is shaky at the moment and you need validation of his desire for you and request also that he contrast his desire for you with his desire for experiences with males outside the boundaries of the relationship. Ask that the threesome discussions of opening the relationship be tabled for six months. Explain that in the current environment you fear the loss of the relationship as a result of introducing outside sex and pressures on trust, fidelity, and attraction. Ask for the issues to be resolved in your relationship by affirmations of sexual attraction, demonstration of trust, and discussions about commitment to the relationship. Good Luck
What a tool you can be. Dude, he is doing the right thing. Get a handle on yourself for a moment and respect that he is right. In the current legal climate where we live a DUII can be assessed even if blood alcohol is zero. All it takes is admission of ingestion of intoxicants. So you can drink a sixer or a twelve and still be coherent, well great, that makes you in denial, not makes him a pussy. Still loving ya, glad your grisly bits of sarcasm still get posted. But Dayum, stop being so condescending will ya?
Don't listen to them. I had two really disparate relationships. When I was forty he was nineteen. There were drug problems coming to light for him and after seven months we could stand it no more and he began seeking help. When I was forty two he was eighteen. He was quite a handful and the family issues were constant but we had a year in when we parted. My husband is eight years older....yeah I know right, no logic to it. You can do as you like in this world, and real love waits for no man, sometimes we say and do what we think is impossible, and other times we surprise everyone including ourselves. Enjoy it. You don't owe explanations and there are many others who choose as you do. Don't let them shame you.
Just because no one said anything doesn't mean you aren't in a relationship. Start vocalizing about what you are feeling and what you want in life and see what he says.
I confront them. I ask them when did they choose to be straight. I mention that if it were a choice there would be no gay people, because why would anyone choose to be gay? I ask them to think. I explain that gay identity is a trait just like straight identity, and that while development is not fully understood by science or medicine, it confronts us each day with the reality of its presence each day and that if you believe all men are equal then stop pretending that gay discrimination is ok. Otherwise rethink your position because most people who say that gay is a choice like being bigots, they tend to pretend we are very different than them and blame us for being gay so that it's ok to hate us. In reality there are no differences between the two. Gay or straight, we both grow up with awareness of who we are. We both have families, and all that goes with that. We need no approval from straight people to live, exist, or reach for our dreams. All we need is the same chances that heterosexual privilege grants them. So there in a nutshell is where I would go.
Just chill and fade out.
Five months in and you are in love, yet you have never met. You have never eaten together, seen a movie, been in a date, had sex, held hands, or slept together. Call me old fashioned, but until you can use that phone as a transporter, you still have to meet to be in "love" Yes, you are friends, but you allow yourself to conduct an entirely online relationship? It's more fantasy than reality! Meet the guy.
Go buy the pants from him on Tuesday and leave your number. Ask for him to wait on you.
Trolling........
"No, I have a husband. He is so much handier than a girlfriend."
Ok, look, you have to set the mood. Take your time. Begin smooching his face and tickling other areas. Look at him seductively and announce, " I am going to eat you up". Take your time examining his nipples, and then his penis, balls, and then his legs, his inner thighs. When you get close, decide what position to put him in. 1) on his hands and knees, 2) laying on his stomach, 3) laying on his back. Try leaving him on his back and raise his legs to allow access to his anal area. Look at him, make eye contact, smile, let him know you are enjoying this, then tickle his taint and areas around and near his anus. Lead up to it and then quickly lick a cross it once and see if he notices. You can do anything from tongue fucking to teething massage of that hole but make frequent eye contact and encourage squeals, screams, and moans from your lover. Let him contemplate being eaten out as if he is a confection. Smack your lips, and tease tease tease all around it before going for the absolute possession of all of him. Give him a oral run through of what is coming next, I always get horny for fucking when eating a guys ass. Good luck!
Get over yourself and love on the cute little kitten. Raise a second cat and be yourself, chill about the whole "I didn't choose this" it's just a fucking kitten man. If you weren't a cat person I would interpret this as controlling, but since you already have a cat, can you say overthinking?
Hahahahahaha, your ass is craving Dick! You gotta sex drive waking up. Nothing wrong with that, nothing wrong with craving ass either. All the sex drives make the world go around, bottom here, top there, flip flop fuck over there, it doesn't mean you are more one way or another, but we choose based on what we want because of sex drive. Horny for the cock, fine. Doesn't mean you will always want it or that you won't want to fuck him silly next week. Enjoy!
Oh yeah. All you have to do is look. There are lots of guys who want to meet an American guy and become his "boy". Often times this winds up being expensive. They want gifts, and want to be sugar babies, but yes, they do exist.
Yeah, I get it, getting up and feeding isn't fun, ask him to help you do it.
Totally!!!!
Well, you know, keep doing it your way, how's that working for you? THATS WHAT I THOUGHT. Dude, go talk to em, it' the only way to meet new people.
Well, tbh I just watch for lies. I need him to trust me and to be trustworthy. That's about it. The rest always works out.
The only thing that makes someone gay is coming out. So it's up to you always. Get blown. Jack him and play with his cock, it's fun. YES Gay men are the apex predator of oral..top of food chain by a mile.
Real ONeals !!!
Do you know ANYONE with a healthy relationship to porn? It is like candy, and like drugs, it stimulates us like caffeine or chocolate. Porn addiction is truly one of the negatives of "online"
Look man, Have a monogamous relationship, then if he and you want to fuck around go open. But keep in mind that a marriage isn't about who or what you are attracted to, or who you think is sexy, a marriage is about what you do. Sharing bills, goals, travel, raising kids, cars, being real, working through troubles, becoming a unit, to me that is what it's about. We are a couple, long term, married, closed, and it works for us, hope what you got is working for you too!
Tell him if he wants to cause drama, whip out his cock.
I have not been discussing it with others, nor seen it before. However, I am an American, and not active on the Apps you mention. The Youth (especially the LGBT variety) tend to be very accepting and desire greatly to have no limits on their feelings or expressions. If they want to eschew monogamy (as they often do), their results can often include emotional pain and lost partners. Open relationships are held up as a standard or a goal, as if one "should" or "ought" to be able to navigate one. In reality, a "Relationshipanarchist" is not actually eschewing relationships, they are just calling it a "non-relationship". The act of talking about "rules" and "how do you feel" when negotiating sex IS A RELATIONSHIP. Every relationship has to have correctly negotiated rules in order to operate well or it fails to operate. The arrangement must ensure that both or all parties needs are met. "We" must "agree" on who is to do what with "whom, when and where". Even though they claim they are "Relationshipanarchists", it seems to me that they are in relationships with each other.
Interview Therapists. Get a synopsis online for the different symptoms / situations you face, then using the research you have uncovered about your own difficulties, prepare some questions for the potential therapists: 1) Discuss the Proposed Testing regimen that will determine diagnosis. 2) Discuss the Proposed Treatment that will eliminate symptoms 3) Discuss the length of time Testing, Diagnosis, and Treatment usually take 4) Discuss the proposed payment terms of the Testing, Disagnosis &amp; Treatment. If you do this with four therapists, and pick the one you like the best, you will very likely end up with someone who can help you. Good Luck
Guys use words to try to re evaluate their feelings after a same sex encounter. He wants you, he likes the intimacy, but some of the things he may say could be just left over from his past. He may not realize how to navigate his feelings as he is becoming more and more deeply involved. Both of you fasten your seat belts, this is going to be a bouncy ride. Good Luck
NYC is the most expensive, KC is the cheapest Miami is the warmest It depends on what kind of work/school you want to attend....more info?
Really??? Fear is a strong force but seriously, stop. Don't ask for love, and caring, and deeply being with someone. Plan on a few minutes of conversation over a cup of coffee. Then if they say "no" it won't seem like the end of the world. After all, you can seduce them later after you get to know them. Stop investing ALL OF YOURSELF into the offer, it is just a date. Learn to say "no". It will make you feel less vulnerable and less like you have to have a "yes"
You may not realize this, but you have very little to loose. Be Honest and let it happen. If he gets skittish, give him some room. Let him know you respect him and all will be well
This is the right of it....make up. Call up your drag queen friend and get them to show you how to blend it and pick a shade no one will be the wiser.
Oh my gosh....I would never......ever....... Well, I was cleaning it one time and it went off accidentally.......
Nope...they are just more relaxed about discussing it. Men dig it more, and it is easier to tap a guy because they usually don't care about feelings and are down for the deed.
Dude, he broke up with you. Time to face the music, leave him, or kick him out, and get on with your life. Sorry...but it's time to get real.
Why do you want to know? Confidence is sexy, move past the "is he?" and move on into the "will he?" Look into his eyes and suggest what you wanna do and quit playing it safe.
GO FOR IT Stay naked, enjoy your life.
The difference between a thick one and a thin one is time. Since a thick one is bigger it takes more foreplay and more time to get it in, and more time to get him comfortable.
Come out, introduce him to the people you are deploying with, if this is your life let him share it, but he must be willing and you have to be willing as well. A year long deployment is something that can end many relationships. you guys are lovers, live together, and spend all your free time together, take the plunge and marry? Then introduce him to the rest of the "wives". I am out on the job, so is my husband, and both of us are masculine.
I work on cars, own tools, welders, air compressors, et cet. I am a masculine guy, my husband is similar, does his own rehab work on house we get into DIY, all that right? So, we don't have makeup or hair product, and most people seem to assume we are straight until it comes up or they see a picture, see we are both out at work. We do have some funny traditions, my husband will call me the "momma" to our two dogs, "go tell your momma you need to go outside" and He and I split up household chores, he does all the laundry wash and I fold, he loads the dishwasher and I unload it, he does most of the cooking, and I help by cutting and mixing or w/e. We usually don't refer to anyone as straight acting, but I would think that we are, because unless we tell them, they wouldn't notice, or so it seems.
Dozing off, so calling it a night. It was heartfelt, and I loved yours. Yes, missing toe iches sometimes, but not bad. He was a good catch, I am a better me when he is part of my life. We are so lucky..thank you, you also are going to find a good guy, because of who you are and what you have done with it. Talk again soon My name is Geoff
Yeah, I hear that. It is not easy to be out and it takes strength of character and conviction to push past it when doubt and insecurity rear their heads, but the truth is We are never afraid of what our peers think, we are afraid of our own opinions.
Dreams change.
NICE!!
I like them all....dressed, undressed, covered, uncovered, cut, or uncut....some many cox....so little time...
Settled into a mature life, also 100% gay. I can do it with a woman, but there isn't any interest there. I don't like it, don't really want to, no spark of interest, no attraction what so ever. BUT&lt; I could make myself if I had to.
Have you tried kissing her? If you throw wood while kissing, I would say you are down for the deal. Good Luck.
I had my first at 27, we met at a bar, went home and shared a shower, and he moved in for about a year and a half. Still friends on Facebook, he is in NC.
1st, relax. You can do this. 2nd, go get on Pep, it is for prevention after contact. It will ensure that you don't contract HIV even if exposed. 3rd, talk to a medical professional, they don't use assumptions or minimize risk to ease your feelings, they don't panic, nor assume more risk than exists. Good Luck Man...its gonna be ok.
You need to be in control. Perhaps you sit down on his member. That way he isn't "penetrating you" you are penetrating yourself with his Penis. Try also getting some poppers, they are good for involuntary muscle relaxation, and then also use a toy each day for a while. That will help as well. How was your mental state? Did you feel like you were fixing to get a special surprise? or Were you secretly pleased that you were unable to seal the deal? Examine what was going on because fear is powerful and will short circuit feelings of desire. Good Luck
Dude, have a conversation. Forget the apps, it isn't giving you the access to him you want, so talk.
Did you guys sleep together? 5 dates should have revealed something.....if you did, message him. If not...then that may be why he is ghosting you.
If he has one I don't have to take him places.
Straight boy, Cuban / South American, hot as F. Was a long long long time ago...but yes, remember like it was yesterday.
YMMV. Not a lot of guys agree on this stuff. Some guys are into eating fiber and chill. Some guys are full cleanout enema or no sex. Some guys are just clean it, swab it out with a finger and make sure nothing is in there. Do what you like, the less you do the more it will have a "smell" during vigorous sexual activity. More water and washing actually dries it out more and makes it much more easy to have an injury. So....six of one, half dozen of the other.
You need to take care of your health bro. You are saying now that "when he gets back" there will be "no unprotected sex". Go and get tested and get on pep if you need it. See what a medical professional says, they won't evaluate your risk from a "authentic" or "deep conversation". Now that you are protecting your health, realize that some guys can't keep it up for condoms, and some guys say one thing to get laid, and actually do other things because they are habits. He may be a habitual app user. He may have a light addiction to it. I don't know, what I do know is that if he is sleeping with other men without protection it may be a serious health risk to you. So take action.
I wouldn't take it lightly at all. I read that several times and had doubts about whether or not to advise you that I felt he might have already stepped out on the relationship. I was so unsure I said nothing, but I don't think asking and getting for real answers about what he wants going forward is a bad thing.
shorts and a tee, or boxer briefs and an undershirt....sometimes just a long tee that hangs lower than my crotch. Sometimes nothing. It just depends.
Be honest with yourself about what you want and whether or not you are ready. Oftentimes we put that off on our partners who have little or no information and cannot judge whether to keep pushing or let it go.
Its none of their business who is fucking who. Tell them they don't know because it isn't their party.
I have always been the fat guy. LOL
Absolutely he would have. Just ask Corretta.
Just be up front about what you want. Plenty of massage guys around, some may even want to do you up, just be clear about what is off limits and you should be gold. Oh...and agree on a payment prior. You don't want them doing it for free and using that as leverage. Just be up front, not everyone fucks just because they are naked....but lots do.
I would just tell her. "Mom, need five minutes, gotta tell you about something. I have decided to level with you about my identity. I have known for a while I am gay and will be dating other males. Just want you to know that I love you and nothing will change that."
Just post a pic bro.
Be strong, It's not your place to police his behavior, you need to police your own. Your choice to be in relationship just like his.....see?
Paid off home mortgage. We just refinanced our home after five years into a fifteen year mortgage. We need to be able to be paid off by the time we get ready to retire.
Upload a shot to Imgur, then link it here. Simple.
NICE UPDATE. Just be cool, don't worry about things you can't change, remember to have an "oh shit" plan now that they have threatened your job and your car and your freedom. That way if they find out you went on a date or something and go ape shit on you, you can crash at a friend's house for a week and move quickly. Good Luck Bro.
You need to add fiber to your diet. Many guys use a powdered fiber supplement or a pill that should help things out. Don't be afraid of sex, be a little more informed about your gastro intestinal tract. When your booty is more muddy, you need more fiber to firm up your waste feces. This will actually make it more difficult to poop and can be irritating to hemorrhoids, but most gay men find that change very helpful to add fiber to their diet.
He is trying to keep options open, drop it like its hot.
OK, well, it is really hard to accept it when our boyfriends/SOs/Husbands go through trials and difficulties. My husband was laid off from his job several years ago and it was frustrating because I was unable to help him really as he sought out work. Show faith in him, give him room to figure it out and let him know that if he needs you, you will be there. But let him figure it out. It may be that he needs to abandon school and work for a while. Maybe he will begin to get some success with the U and learn how to navigate to a successful degree and even maybe a job. At the end of the day, let him know that you aren't really into him because of what he is doing now, that is just noise, you are into him because of who he is. Good Luck.
I love living in the suburbs, but I am married and settled, and have a grown son living with us. (23). The trade off might not be worth it to you if the house is going to be empty all the time. It is more fun nesting with a couple than by yourself.
Riding a bike is easy once you have done it. Dating is simple when you are experienced. Same principle. Get on, fall down, get back on. Good luck
Ask him to Netflix and Chill.
Wear shorter hair.
That's cute....LOL
He may want to fuck his way across Europe.
Nope, they are the result of a publicity grab. Planted and released, often to ramp up public exposure.
This is a well thought out answer, you have my respect Sir.
Try bottoming for him. Try using lots of lube and no condom. Try using a cock ring that restricts blood flow out of the penis and prolongs erection Try asking a doctor for samples of some cialis or viagra to try. Practice makes perfect and it will all work out.
I would tell him. Guys need to know health risks, if they have something and don't know they will just give it to others without being aware. After I told him I might not speak to him, but I would tell him.
You are the gay community. Every time you go to a new place or new city and reach out to the active gay community, it seems you meet the drag queens, the bar flies, and the circuit boys. All the coupled up 'mo s are busy working and living life and you only see them at church, parties, or the gay film festival. You are just as much a part of the gay community as the flamboyant drag queen who is on the front of the local gay magazine, or the kept boy who was fucking the mayor last week. It doesn't really matter if you feel a little bit isolated, you are still part of it. Hope this perspective helps.
FREAK.......party of one...
Maybe not....I don't participate in open relationships, and really have never, so if he was unfaithful and it caused me to have an STD I might be quite judgmental. If he had it when we met I would not judge him.
In my country a 14 year old cannot consent. It is statutory rape regardless of consent. (Perhaps you shouldn't call others brainless because they do or don't agree with you?)
WTF?
So he is engaged to be married, his fiance is sending naked pictures to other men and you say he never really loved him....tart piece of judgement there for sure!
Truth, and Realness.
You have to get down to the reason you feel guilty and ashamed. You will find that you have some rather deep seated convictions that you have learned from your family or from your social upbringing that are telling you that being gay is bad. Once you realize where the guilt is coming from it is just a matter of challenging the assumptions that support the guilt. My life went like this...I feel bad when attracted to men, because I think its wrong. I think its wrong because that is what my parents told me. They think you can choose not to be gay. They are wrong, you can't choose, or there wouldn't be any gay people. I can't choose not to be gay, I can only choose to accept that I am gay and it is ok. That is basically how it works...keep after it, it requires touch up from time to time.
No, I think being honest with them about what is up and what is the answer to the question asked has a lot of value. When I was 17 there was no internet, no web, no networking. I thought I was the ONLY ONE. It's worth it for them to know we are all with them.
He is rethinking it. I think he wants you.
Do you have a low grade rage working? Are you pretty unhappy most of the time? My attitude has to move from selfish &amp; self centered (where it is by default) to open and happy pretty much each day. I do this by petting my dogs, thinking about things I am thankful for, and saying a couple of affirmations in the mirror in the morning. It sounds like so much bull, but my quality of life is just way better when I am all zen and less angry pissed off dude. Sometimes you have to look at what is making you unhappy and make a few changes...I like my life, I have it good, I don't feel like I am getting a raw deal.
Portland has high rent, so does Denver, so does Seattle, but all of them have highly developed LGBT presence. (Lots of activities, bars, social life).
Let your dad win this one. a 38 year old hanging out with an 18 year old is a little bit suspicious. Keep your dad's limits and rules, if you wanna hang with the drag queen do it in public, it is much safer. Remember this: "I am your Dad, it's my job to disapprove of your boyfriends, there will never be one good enough for you". See....Daddy is going to be a little bit suspicious, but that is ok. He wants you to be safe.
Just a little advice. Share your life with your family NOW. Don't wait until it is perfect, go ahead and do it. Your family needs to know who you are and what you think is important, and they will have their own opinions about your choice in partner....just chill and be yourself, it will all work out for the best.
It's subjective, some guys go for it, other guys don't, it just depends on where his mind is at and what he thinks if hot.
Ease up into him bro. Go hang, invent ways to be with him, drink or smoke with him and make a move.
I am used to cut ones....but they are all nice.
Time to get down to the nut cutting. Sounds like you want kids. Sounds like he doesn't want kids. One of you has to compromise, either you give up being a father or he gives up being childless. I have a son who lives with me and my partner full time now, he is 23. I wouldn't give up on your dreams of father hood. You have got to discuss it and find out if this is something you guys can compromise on or if you have to go it alone to have in your life. Good Luck
We aren't moving backward. We are still moving forward. With Mr. Obama as President we had quite a few "firsts" not all of which were the result of his or his party's actions, but we did have them. Gay Marriage Legalized in all state jurisdictions, First time a sitting president compared gay rights to black civil rights and women's rights, first time a sitting president endorsed gay rights, first time a supreme court justice presided over a gay marriage, first time a President attended a gay marriage, first time released a veteran convicted of gay crimes, etc. I agree that the Trump administration is very homophobic, and they control congress as well, but Gay People have been married for a long time now. It will be extremely difficult to roll back gay marriage at this point. My husband and I have been married and filing taxes as a married couple since 2014. It would be a pretty severe penalty to go back and amend tax returns from the last three years because the Republican's outlaw marriage for gay people. I agree that the next four years and possibly the next eight years will be quite difficult for the minority Americans and quite good for the rich white Americans. One thing that does give me some level of confidence is that the law and jurisprudence enacted to date by both executive order and by congress pales when compared to the level of review of the WINDSOR and OBERGERFELL cases handed down by the Supreme Court. While it is possible to put conservatives on the court, and it is possible to bring case law before conservatives on that court, it is extremely difficult to contradict what has already become case law. It is possible, but it is not done very often, and it isn't simple to do. Many of the decisions handed down by Federal Judges as the states and the circuits navigated the fallout from OBERGERFELL &amp; WINDSOR are not simply a matter of saying, no, now I don't agree. The case law has been well written, and the clear direction from the bench has been laid out, it isn't easy to undo.
No, it's not.
I love the show too.
Rape is sex without consent. If you had said, "stop" and he didn't, that would be rape. Obviously you are at least bisexual, and quite possibly gay. Straight guys don't really have hookups with other males. So you think him being dominant was hot but he also crossed a line? you can't have it both ways. If the humiliation of loosing your power during a hookup is too much for you, then don't play with power...keep your choice active at all times and say no when pushed.
Late Forties. Yes, am happy. I am married, have a son, family, lost of friends, live in a Suburb of Portland, a very gay friendly city. I consider myself to be quite successful, very much better than what I expected, most of the really neat shit that happens is because I have a nice marriage that I enjoy. I am looking forward to achieving a professional goal, it will be awesome and cements my position as a top performer in my field. I would say I am 49 and life approaching 50 is way cool. Usually there are medical problems by this age, so I am dealing with some of that, and by the way, yeah I have some male pattern baldness, but it just adds to being "distinguished". I would say when I was 17 things sucked quite a bit more than they do today, just saying......
Nope...if they don't like us, don't read it. Simple really. Basically I am who I am, fuck the h8rs
http://imgur.com/IdAu5tH EDIT: Pic with a smile http://i.imgur.com/3Px0JGl.jpg
Maybe it's time to tell him you felt like he "crossed a line" with you. Maybe you need to tell him, "yeah, about that rough stuff, I decided I don't like it after all". I would say that if you were forcing him, and then he locked you up and forced you, that maybe he thought it was all ok and what you wanted. Of course, sometimes what we think we want turns out to be something we didn't want after all.
Pretty boy for real!
If it's important to you, then it will be important to him. Relax, Ask him what the deal is, and chill. Maybe he is busy? Seems like he is down, calls you "babe" and all....but not answering now? Check it out, reach out to him, ask him what's up? and get an answer. Good Luck.
Yeah, I hear ya, and a lot of guys feel the same way I am sure!
I would do it, but I am a natural extrovert. I don't really hide much, my friends know exactly what is going on with me because it runs across my face the minute I feel it.
THIS
Yes....say hello, Introduce yourself and if he asks why, say, "its because you are hot".
One day to your great surprise you will turn 50, 60 or gasp, 70. You may find that far from it being time to stop, that you are more sexually active in some ways at an advanced age then you were in your twenties.
I am not sure how you got to be so entitled with your opinions....but you are wrong on all counts.
It isn't a super old thing.....it is an intelligent thing. Complete strangers at train stations like complements as much as anyone else...I have met new friends this way. (Yes...in 2016). Your ideas about what is "frowned upon" are not mores, rules, social conventions, or anything else but YOUR IDEAS. You don't get to pass judgement upon me or anyone else on this sub. It's fine for you to have your opinion....but it isn't any more than that...YOUR OPINION.
You are full of crap. keep it in the bowl bitch.
I am not sure what legal recourse you have. You could ask the police in your area and they should be able to inform you about what your rights are and how to go about exercising them.
keep trolling everything I post and I will have grounds to get your account banned.
Keep it up. You be hating...I be winning.
True, Lee (as Liberace was known to friends) was predatory in real life and in the movie. It might have been a fucked up love story, but it was a love story all right. Liberace was actually successfully sued for palimony by Scott Thorson after their "breakup". He claimed to love Liberace and even spoke of a reconciliation before his death. Liberace claimed to love him also during their affair. One of the things I do admire about this film is that they did tell the "truth". Scott Thorson was disposable, Lee Liberace was predatory, in that day and age it was allowed for celebrity to take advantage, and yet Lee signed papers to legitimize their relationship, that is how the lawsuit was handled.
LOL.....I guess the "thirst" is "real"
Well....I think you might not be ready to be friends. Eight months is a long time, but you still have unfinished business from your relationship. (He was not faithful, I still mourn loss, still dream about him) In order to be friends you have to be done recovering from the breakup. It is totally do able...sounds like you are well on your way, but make sure you are totally done with it before you talk to him about being friends. Good Luck
I have. We broke it off and it took some time to get sorted. We spent at least three years not talking, and then after getting ourselves sorted, he and I became friends. We talk every month or so, even though we live a long way from each other (PNW - LAS Vegas)
I dunno....I guess nothing.
Guys are a lot more forward and honest about their sexual feelings than females are. It has to do with the way we are wired and how we form opinions about what we like and don't like. I remember having a guy grope my ass in a gay club, and when I told him I felt he was being forward he moved around to the front and said, "Now that is forward". I pushed him away but I did kinda enjoy the attention. Fast Forward six months he unzipped my fly, hauled out my junk and stuck me down his throat in full view of the bar. I was dating a guy and just choked right then. I told him no, pulled out and packed up, but I always remembered his interest and fantasized about him several times. Never did hook up, but thought about him when J/O.
Cute = Tyler Oakly Sexy = Matt Bomer Handsome = Anderson Cooper It changes depending
15 but I really didn't need to do it regularly until about a year later. I rushed it. LOL
It depends. PDA just because we are in public is sophomoric. I like holding hands when I am feeling it and I like to peck him when departing physical presence for a time, but I don't believe in deep tongue kissing at the shopping center. If you go to a place where people are overcome by emotion, say a Christmas Light Display, and you will naturally see couples get closer and kiss or holding hands, I think that is fine. I don't like being corrected, I don't like having my behavior policed. If we are together and you object to a lot of my petting or hand holding I am going to get a little bitchy, you need to have a good reason for it, because I seldom care what others think. On the other hand, I grew up in the Deep South, I am a big dude, and prepared to stomp someone's ass if they make a big deal out of it.
OK, Pretend you are the condom, and carefully, carefully apply yourself to his erection.....then switch....good Luck.
He was a bartender at a Biloxi bar called Joey's on the Beach. So he was there every time I went there. On this particular night in question he got off his shift and started partying with some of us.
So he was born in 1964 or so, and has kids, meaning he probably had a wife for a while, so he is used to segmenting his gay life. He has been "part time" gay for many years, turning it off to be straight for his job and his family. The cure is for you to be integrated into his whole life. He has to be willing to have his kids know who you are, and work associates to know you as his spouse. Then you can inhabit his life more regularly. The Problem with this is that he may not be willing to be "out" on the job and "out" with his kids. Talking to him about communication is going to be more of the same, "Kids &amp; work". Time to put it into clear terms....either we are together or we are apart.....which is it going to be?
DILLIGAF is applied. I am out, I tend to accept tags, and I don't really worry about the consequences, but I am out on the job, married, out in my life. So Fuck the H8rs, I am out.
Yeah, sometimes I have them. Mostly when I do I wake up sort of dazed and unsure if it happened or not, they seem so real. My husband says I talk in my sleep too when they happen...mostly incoherent, sometimes his name, whatever.
Nice Bro. Good Luck, and let us know how it goes, I hope he jumps at the chance, you sound like the nicest sort of guy.
Let them know you appreciate their caring and concern, but also maintain your boundaries....I don't let others grade my participation, life is too short for that. I let them tell me if I hurt their feelings, but I don't let them dictate my actions...I do what I have to do.
Dude....that was epic
It isn't important if I feel that he is or isn't my president...he got elected, he is in office, whether I like it or not. What I think it really important is that we as GLBTQ is that we become aware that the backlash for our recent civil rights victories are at hand. The party of TED CRUZ is in charge of the congress, the Atty Gen is Jeff Sessions, and SCOTUS is probably going to become a lot more conservative. This becomes very significant when you realize what is at stake. These people seek to roll back all of the gay marriage rights, and all of the gay equality rights that have been attained in the recent past. They are looking to legitimize the sort of discrimination that occurred in Alabama and Louisiana and Mississippi when SCOTUS first announced the WINDSOR and OBERGERFELL decisions. If you weren't paying attention, SCOTUS announced, a Federal Judge interpreted the law, and then the Chief Justice of the State of Alabama's Supreme Court sent out memos to every jurisdiction in Alabama that instructed the Judges NOT TO MARRY GAYS. I am alarmed. I think the party in power will not give up easily. They are counting on 8 years. We as a group need to mobilize, put a gay candidate into the DNC, and work together to elect him/her. That is what I think. I could be wrong. My husband and I are scared for our marriage.
Dude, you are so cute....fucking love it.
NO, they probably were talking with several guys and scored with them first. You can't really do it the way you are trying to do it all online. When you make a connection on an app move directly to meeting in a public place with lots of people and plenty of transportation. That way if he is a weirdo or you get the stranger danger vibe you can always just bounce. Good Luck Lil Dude, you will figure it out.
I live in the PNW (Pacific North West) and several of the local news anchors are literally "gay twinks". My husband and I love to watch them and they all seem to have an exaggerated bit of "gay voice". Just our impression.
My first impulse is to advise you to stick to shit you can control. Fuck what the friend is doing, thinks, feels, et cet. The only thing that matters is what is going on with you and your BF. That is ALL PERIOD. Let it go, ignore it, if he escalates to action you will have something to do then.
Religion is the excuse and the legitimization of the hate. The hatred is born out of fear.
CUTE!!
I had a naval orange, and some chips. IKR...LOL
I don't use apps at all. I don't hook-up at all. I am in a monogamous relationship and have been for several years.
NICE
Also one other thing..... You have been in a relationship with him for 7 years, this is the 2nd time he has hit you, and you are taking control back and ending it unilaterally without his input or participation....SO--keep some distance, keep it extremely formal, and don't engage. He may escalate quickly and attempt to bargain with the police using just talking or a meeting or whatever to try to engage you. Have your agenda clear before seeing him, don't allow yourself to respond to him, clearly address the person who will make contact at the door and say, "I just want to remove my personal items; clothes, and necessities." If he objects ask to be left alone and not enter into a conversation. If he speaks to you just ignore it.
Well, maybe you think something I don't agree with. That doesn't automatically make you right. I have been in age disparate relationships, I understand some of the dynamics he was talking about. You haven't pointed out where I am wrong, just that you think I am, well, prove your shit or STFU.
In order to feel anger, there must be meaning. DILLIGAF?
I hope you have a great one too!!
Dude, put up a personals ad and go on some dates, you will find a guy that fits.
Thanks... it isn't my favorite subject, but ya know, if I had read this when I was twenty, things might have gone better. I was so riddled with low self esteem back then that I thought They were doing me a favor and would do whatever they wanted. I got into three ways and open relationships when I didn't want to, I got in over my head and got pushed into shit because I didn't know how to say "yeah I wanna fuck, but not like this" I wish his had been told to me when I was younger ..so. PSA
Rofl, yeah, and then you wind up enslaved in the basement!
Most guys behavior on apps is not public, is not policed, is not criticized, is never corrected. So you have an entitled generation that does whatever they please to each other on apps, with no feedback about what is appropriate, right, correct, ethical, or moral. There is no app training, so behaviors don't make much sense, you don't get the best foot forward, you get the three am drunk text behavior and no on says any different.
I hesitate to reply, I need to honor your experience, and respect your reaction to it. If I am cavalier in my response it might not convey that. I don't want to apologize for what happened or reinforce "victim" status. I do want to say I empathize, Hugs to you, Respect to you. Having said that...let me say this: Empowering someone to say no has some value. Elevating ***"NO"*** to the correct place in the situation. One of the things that can happen (YMMV) when you are being forced to have sex, is that someone else is holding you down. While physical size limitations make it easier to force a smaller person, Empowerment, Personhood, and knowing your equality removes the pause, the hesitation, the gap between indecision and action. Even if a guy is holding me down, I can twist my hips. I can move my legs and employ the most powerful muscles in my body. My options do not just include shock from finding myself in this situation and self blame because "it is too late". Verbally I can defend myself. Physically I can defend myself. I may not be able to stop him, but I can be sure he knows that he is raping me and force it to be a violent confrontation. All of these things are so personal, and I have so much empathy for survivors, and I do not have judgement for survivors. We did what we did, and I refuse to armchair quarterback it. But yes. Empower yourselves. KNOW that deep down, if he forces you, you will stand up for yourself and self advocate. You may still be forced, but he will know. There is an argument that some people who were forced are so shocked they don't know how to defend themselves. So they cry, they don't fight, they endure. They self blame. (All of this was true for me). The discussion about earlier warning signs should include syrup sweet demeanor, detachment from reality, sociopathic comments and behaviors around other members of society. A person who is willing to commit a sexual assault upon a lover places others below them. Look for that attitude and thought when evaluating if guys are safe. I hope this helps.
Thanks
/u/HushHushItsASecret gets to a very good point. Sex is only about 15 minutes. What you do the other 23 hours and 45 minutes each day really make the relationship.
OP is requesting to understand why an obviously pretty face is getting ignored. I think it is because the customs and mores that regulate our face to face behavior are discarded in the "instagram profile" point of view. It is all well and good to say that you are not expected to interact because you "aren't interested in sex with them", but if you are spoken to on the street it is considered rude not to respond. Gay social interaction is moving heavily online, which results in limited routes for young LGBT to experience rites of passage. (First Dates, First Sex, Et cet). Apps are great for guys who are ok with being closeted still having the opportunity for illicit male on male sexual activity. But if it is a replacement for normal face to face interaction (as it largely is becoming) then look for future developments to put standards of interaction into place to engage the majority, level the playing field, and punish rude behavior. This is why the OP example is getting ignored, because the mores and rules are being ignored.
You made great points and added to the discussion..Thank you.
Thanks /u/TimidEspeon Edit: format
&gt;it's not unethical to reject someone Nowhere did I say that it was. What I did say was that the behavior exhibited on apps is being accepted wholeheartedly as face to face moves into virtual reality. The social rules for face to face interaction are being disregarded. As the apps go mainstream and virtual communication becomes standard, OBSERVE how the app development will work to emulate the mores and rules that govern interpersonal interaction. The rise of "Ghosting" is a very good example. It is very controlling behavior. Ignoring others is very effective. None of the expected mores and rules are formal or being communicated well or have any recourse for enforcement. As a student of communications (both media and personal) I find this fascinating. It also explains why entitled closeted horny app users ignore a good looking guy.
It is an issue everywhere. Guys go from closet to "I'm GAY" and eventually to "you didn't ask me".
NO.....It isn't your fault if you wind up being assaulted. The guy who does it is completely at fault. I also don't believe in "victim hood" I believe that people who lived through a rape experience are survivors, not victims. I don't need sympathy, or recognition that it was bad, I know it was bad, Hell I lived through it. So...no Victim Blaming. Yes, the tools here may help someone to recognize and intervene in a dangerous situation and self advocate and defend themselves. That is the goal...not explaining who might be at fault.
LOL Thx
Make it foreplay. Clean the bathroom and then clean each other...and make a douche part of that. It can be amazing what you can learn if you guys talk about all that stuff and how your bodies behave.
Don't threaten, just call. It might be hella awkward, but it is much easier to explain awkward than rape.
1) dildo...look for something about the same size as you are. 2) Most people seem to think silicone beats all the others. 3) Use wipes for immediate clean up, then take it with you in the shower and use warm water and soap and scrub a dub dub. 4) no opinion, whatever works for you 5) no place a condom on the toy, spread a towel under yourself, stop if things become messy.
Might work!
Diff Strokes, Diff Folks. When I was dating an inexperienced younger guy, he was stressed and locked into the bathroom for an hour trying to get an enema figured out. Spending naked time washing, cleaning and prepping can be really cool. It doesn't have to be "squirting fecal matter off their ass".
kewl kewl...not throwing shade, just trying to explain my POV&gt;
Agreed....A person experiencing shock and surprise may not have the presence of mind needed to respond this way. I accept also your critique of "over-simplified". Indeed, a rape experience is shattering to the self image, difficult to overcome, and introduces self doubt. Hindsight is 20/20. Panic-Stricken fear and confusion in the midst of a sexual assault is seriously not easily overcome. I find nothing in your criticism that isn't correct/I don't agree with. Thanks for adding to the discussion.
Thank You!
Thank you!
Agreed. Thanks.
Rape Culture is a thing. But taciturn acceptance of hyper masculine behavior and suggesting excusing rapists on a cultural level doesn't excuse targeting, drugging, assaulting, and rape as the act of a normal person. Normal people place others on an equal footing, do not view others as prey, do not eroticize control or domination to the extent rape requires. I don't believe that failure to punish is the onus that stimulates people to rape.
I think I have gay voice, but most people I know say that I do not. Perhaps we are super sensitive about it.
Couple of thoughts. Buy him a calling card so he can call you. Give him a $50 card that will get you calls each day. Now..do you guys live together? Do either of you ever travel, spend the night away from each other? If you are anxious, look beneath the anxiety to what your fear is. What do you think is going to happen that you don't want to happen?? Chill Bro. Get him a calling card. Agree with him ahead of time about what will be appropriate. Keep in mind that he will be busy working and setting aside time to chat might be difficult. Pick a time of the day when he is on his own, and agree to call and connect. It will be fine, he will be home soon. Chill.
This won't work? http://callingcards.com/shopping/rate_table1.asp?Origin=Canada&amp;Destination=USA&amp;GUID=D1CC14F88202B24BAA80B5DA00106A99
Don't be subtle, don't be ambiguous. Be upfront and confident. Tell them that you have been thinking about gay sex for a while and want to go for a test drive. Ask if he is down to experiment. Explain your preferences and inquire about his (kissing, sex, preparations) and then schedule a time and place with him. If he says no, ask him if he can recommend a way to find a guy for a one time thing. He should be willing to help him.
Sounds like he was cheating or ramping up to cheating. Sounds like he wanted out of the relationship because he wanted to be single and be cruising for guys. Sounds like he couldn't control himself anymore and decided to break up and go wild for a while. He says he is open to the future, well.....why did he break up with you? What was the reason? Did he want some specific change? Did he want to play the field? It is possible to work things out with an ex, but if things were workable, why was a breakup the answer?
Yeah...sorry he checked out on you bro.
A few Facts might help put this in perspective: Most gay dudes in their twenties are pretty horned up. A cocktail of very potent hormones are screaming SEX SEX SEX at them all day long. Meeting an adult sibling is complex, identity, common interests, thoughts about family, how to express love without a lot of history that typically goes with brothers, instant intimacy due to family connection yet no background to define boundaries and mores...... It is normal that you would feel some impulses. Sometimes athletes experience this sort of thing from shared training or bonding with a coach. They don't have a frame of reference for that close a relationship in their lives that doesn't include sexual intimacy. So when their mind includes it by default they get disgusted. Just realize that your mind and body are seeking an appropriate frame of reference with your brother. Instinctively you feel safe around him, you feel intimacy with him, you both share love and connection for each other....this is totally normal. By the way, many guys grow up and find themselves experimenting with their brothers at early stages of sexual development. Male on male sexual activity is technically incest, but many many men have tried it, have done it, and some continue to do it long into adulthood, even as a side relationship to their primary one. I met a gay dude on here who has always fooled around with his brother and was stressing about being in a committed relationship. It is another experience. You brothers are technically not related, just stepbrothers. So try to be gentle with yourself. Don't beat yourself up over your impulses, if it comes to a head, just be honest with him about who you are and your attractions. He might be willing to help you with dealing with some "inappropriate" sexual impulses. Feel him out, Explain that you are gay, and ask if he has ever felt anything like what you are describing. He may surprise you.
Dude, befriend him. What is wrong with you. Just be who you are. If he is who you think he is sparks will fly and you will have an amazing time. If he isn't, so what you have a new friend.
$300 is $300. jus sayin. LOL
Yeah, we kinda stand close and act totally coupled up too. We don't really pay attention, but you know. I did have one of those guys come over to the house and ask for a bj tho....LOL
FULL STOP. A repeat can work. But change has to happen. You can change you, but you can't change him. Ask him if you fix your issues will he fix his? Make it very simple. Keep it easy to understand and simple to identify. (He needs to not degrade me, I need to let him be my boyfriend). I think you guys could fix it, but you will have to expect each other to be a "work in progress" and don't police each other's behavior. Police your own. Good Luck
Hands and pecks.
Awesome! Good Luck!
There is only one comment I would add to the discussion. That is I object to all holocaust denial. I consider it not rude to Jewish peoples, (both foreign and domestic) but consider it extremely offensive to the larger human collective. Genocide is serious business, and has been employed by most power hungry ~~politicians~~ Despots. Often it is implicitly consensual by the people who support the ruling class (The American Indian Genocide is a good example of this).
Agreed, and good comment. I also think that the message that can be inferred from the situation is that the all the players perceive weakness, and lack of information and understanding at the top echelon of power in Washington. As they witness further and further "cake for breakfast" decisions, they jockey for power in a very unflattering way. It is incredibly non-productive, but until people demand accountability for wrongdoing, and intervention by the Congress to bring articles of impeachment, this current ineffective government will continue to be assaulted on all sides as the sharks smell the blood in the water.
Sounds like you know what you want. The question is how to get it. Actions speak much louder than words. Don't let him talk you out of it, make it the goal, and seek to "storm the beach" and "Take the hill". Good Luck.
Naked coffee and morning wood, hubby is amused as usual, but I tried right?
People are different. We constantly expect others to be just like we are, but they aren't. Listen to him, and be honest about what you think, it can only strengthen the dialog. Every guy has something. That is why porn takes so many different forms. Incest, pederasty, pedophilia, as behavioral terms are really overused as a tool for judgement. Seek understanding and acceptance. Remember that each of us has a capacity and responsibility to self police. He doesn't need you to tell him what is right and wrong, he knows, and you aren't in charge of his actions or impulses. My first boyfriend worked in patient care. He raped a guy who was alive but unable to resist, and later shared that he had done that with me. Having been forced before I recoiled and passed judgment and denied acceptance. Well, it was historical information, not current, and we were both young, I didn't have the maturity to talk about it. Today I would tell him that he should take responsibility for what he did to that patient, but that is his journey, not mine. If your boyfriend takes action to target and groom a minor for seduction, he will know that it is wrong. When judgement issues get sketchy everyone knows that they really shouldn't and that taking action is wrong, all the white noise is trying to defeat their conscience. Oh, and by the way, most (not some) of the gay men I met when I was young were more than interested, it took a few times before I learned to be cautious, because it was easy to wind up being a popsicle. If your boyfriend flirts with lust of minors he is certainly not alone. Pederasty is a common theme, with near universal appeal.
Thank you man...I appreciate that!
My take on it is simple. AGB works. It is successful. If there were a real need for a separation due to age, I would be square in the target. (49 yrs old). I don't think that I mind the teens anymore than any other group that I don't identify with. Having said that, we are strongest when we are MORE inclusive and LESS restrictive. Gay people make up only a small percentage of the entire demographic, and separating a group of us will only cause LESS interaction not MORE. Therefore I cast my vote for a no. (Not that anyone is tallying a vote or giving one good shit about what I think).
&gt;What am I Well, now that is a universal question, but ask this one --&gt; Is this feeling common? Yes it is. When I was younger I was really squeamish about sex. I was a fearful prude who had been forced, causing even more reluctance. Since you are into guys (obviously), do the stuff guys do....hang out with them, cuddle, make out, hold hands, et cet. If a guy suggests having sex, (and they will), point out that you need and want way more than just sex. Explain that seduction trumps reluctance, and that you might be much more willing after being cuddled and building up some trust. If you get down to it, some guys really like the emotional connection and safety. They don't always discuss this, preferring to observe and process it internally. But this is the foundation for many relationships, and much sexual experimentation. If a guy doesn't feel safe, he won't be horny long. (All due respect to fellows who get turned on by danger as well). So....relax and trust that as you grow and develop more, you will become experienced and you will change a bit. You will find sexual expression that fits your desire, and you will find that some things your partners want to do will be your fave and some will be on the "not to be repeated" list. Just Chill, drum roll please.....you are bi/gay and it is totally fine to be a little reluctant to get "down and dirty". Explore kissing, handholding, and oral sex. You have to walk before you run lambchop. :)
Anytime, now go get him tiger!
Ok, lets chat about basic statistics. There are 23,780,000 people living in Australia. Of those 25,313 people have HIV Of those 2,619 were "unaware" they were HIV+. There were 1,025 new infections in Australia for the last three years (Stable Rate of infection). So the question you are asking is: Even though my recent partner says he doesn't have HIV, I am worried I may have caught it BECAUSE I didn't use a condom. Basically the condom is unimportant unless he is one of 2,619 out of 23,780,000. Statistically that comes to 0.000091. Dude, he isn't lying, you don't have it. Get checked, stay safe, stop obsessing. http://www.hivmediaguide.org.au/hiv-in-australia/hiv-statistics-australia/
Beer - total non starter. Sports - Lukewarm but not into it. Women - very pretty, not sexy, don't wanna fuck em, so fuck em. Cars - uh oh....love cars. Guns - oh shit...love guns. DIY - Dude, who do you think keeps Homo Depot open? {LGBT} Grass cutting - See above, same applies. Raising dogs - Oh Fuck...like my fave So basically most het guys like all the same shit I do. Most of them work, eat, sleep, fuck, raise kids, raise dogs, grow stuff, fix shit, wrench on cars, lift weights, fuck when they can talk someone into it, and well...that's life right?
smaller bubbles mean fewer people ....my point exactly.
No. But that was the cost I had to pay to grow up. I have been in seven very serious relationships. (married x3, live in boyfriends x 4) I thought they were all "forever" and what I found out was that WE didn't do the stuff WE had to do to make it FOREVER. I learned to seek help when I didn't have tools to fix it. I learned to open my mind and allow him to say and do whatever he needed to. It sometimes offended me, instead of being offended and angry I learned to share hurt and how it drives my fear and lashing out in defense. I learned that relationships don't define us. You have a life, you are who you are. Being with someone else won't make that all different and "fix" what is wrong with it. Sometimes YOU have work to do to make your life livable. See there is my life, his life, and our shared life. I am responsible for my life. If I don't keep me up and running, our shared life dies because it is what we do together. One person can't keep a relationship going, it's like impossible to show up and do both sides of the conversation right? As we have spent years together and pooled our resources and assets under our marriage, My life has become a little smaller, but still very important. I work, I have interests, I do stuff. OUR life has become much bigger, we mow grass, cook, do laundry, OUR shared life shops for groceries and buys most of the stuff we need. So....The key thing is to be open to communicating of your needs, wants, desires, and asking what his are.
I compared "unaware" to "total population". If you read OP's post, he states recent partner is confirming NO when asked if he is HIV+. I don't see you correcting math, I see you throwing rocks...stop.
If you want to walk back into the relationship then you need to check up before hooking up. My read on it is you are in the middle of some unfinished business. You need to throw down an ultimatum to bring him back to the discussion about your relationship rather than to request permission to fuck around while it is on a stand down period. If you want him back, then push for it. If you don't then push to end it cleanly and get it done so you can move on.
Posting and reply is very disconnected from face to face interaction. It is hard to tell without body language some of the intent of statements made. Some of the posters don't have brakes and say rather ugly things.
Yes, of course. Please do.
Dude, I didn't use percentage signs for a reason. I assure you that 2,169 divided by 23,780,000 is equal to 0.0000912111. The rules of mathematics don't change when you go to architecture school. Shelve your ego....come up with an original thought of your own instead of trying to poke holes in my math....that is my message. Take it to heart. It is easy, very easy, to say that someone is wrong. It is much more difficult to assure OP that his risk is very low. Why don't you stay on point instead of hijacking the thread for your own ego massage? Did I speak clearly or should I be more clear? It isn't the content of your messages that I take a lot of issue with, it is that you need to either answer OP's question or stand down, tearing my answer apart because you can be marginally more accurate in your data set assumptions is not productive in this case except to try to prove that I am incorrect. I still don't think I am. What I said was factual, and, as I have pointed out, represents a statistic. This is not statistical math, there are no means, or any variables taken into account. I only used it as a very basic instruction to point out the ludicrosity of being so obsessed with the (arguably slim) chance of HIV infection. hat belittling because you attribute data to me in spite of the fact I linked the source. (Criticizing my effort to respond to OP, something I have already addressed...see above) Try to be a little better, not at your math, but as a citizen on these forums. Don't throw rocks bro. EDIT: Math correction
So you are saying I misled them because I said 0.000091 was the chance of contracting it and you said you were guessing that it was closer to 0.00225. We are choking on gnats while swallowing camels whole. In the grand scheme of things it seems as if we agree OP shouldn't reasonably fear the infection at this point and he should get tested, but he has nothing to worry about. That was my original reply. (the one you say is wrong) /u/hey95 and /u/Montrealer_ both of you are smart. I used the data that was available because I didn't want to guess. I stipulated that it was a "basic statistic". I don't like being told that I am wrong just because you can guess that the metric "should be" "closer" to this or that. I linked a data set and used a simple comparison, and didn't even use a percentage to show my math. Maybe I have a large ego too and don't want to be called out without proof. Perhaps I take it too personally. I felt as if the data supported what I said. You apparently agree too, and in substance are telling him not to worry but I am wrong. Really? No. The basic metric I used is supported by the data listed. The math I used was correct. You are calling me out as wrong because you think I am telling him he has no risk? Well...NO. I told him to get tested before you mentioned it, Risk is there. Yes. So you are saying that I made it seem as if all is well and it isn't. There is danger there. Well...can we agree to disagree? I always feel like attacking when people dispute what I say, maybe I should be different. I know you guys are smart as hell, and I want to get along. Maybe you can see my point???
So this then is the attack?? I just want to be clear that I understand when you are attacking. By the way...are you referring to me when you say "his" and "he" and say that my choice of stats is not accurate and my choice of data is terrible? Really dude? Yeah....It feels like an attack to me. Stop.
LOL
I don't think there is a problem. I googled strabismus and it seems to be similar to "lazy eye" or "crossed eyes". I don't see that in your picture. I think you are attractive. I think you are obsessing over minute details in your appearance that others will not notice unless you specifically draw their attention to them. I think you need to just chill. --How is it fucking your life??? What are you attributing to this "strabismus" condition???
I went on three casual dates. I decided to ask him to move in. He wanted to go slow but let me move in anyway. He told me he loved me and I bawled about three weeks in. We had a commitment ceremony eight months later. We got married three years later because we moved somewhere it became legal to do so. Gay years are like dog years. They go fast bro. LOL
Well....Perhaps I did take it way too personally. I see that you think it is a big difference. But yours is a fabricated guess and mine is supported by the limited data set I linked. I also see your point the request was about "odds" and you saw mine as being incorrect and leading to incorrect assumption. What I mean by choking on gnats while swallowing camels is that we both agreed that he has ***limited risk*** that supports a three month test, but not alarm in the meantime. You have stated and restated that you suggest he gets tested and that is the reason you found it necessary to correct me. I suggested he get a test in my original answer, but you neglected to acknowledge that. I have tried to suggest that your "correction" represented an effort to dispute my facts when we are actually in some agreement. So I offer an apology. I should accept that /u/hey95 and /u/Montrealer_ are motivated by the skewed conclusion to correct the data and state that the statistic is a little miss-leading. I should have accepted that I was misleading them by a few percentage points and that the risk ought to be accurately discussed, and this was getting fudged over by a quick comparison that didn't support the conclusion. Perhaps my own ego wouldn't allow me to accept that. I will try to take things less personally in the future.
I see your **OMG** and raise you an **EW**
"I'm Bi, ....no homo". Good Luck
I am fine with you. I am 49. You don't bother me.
You speak with authority you do not possess. I am grown, you are being rude to bring up my age as if it was a liability, you may think your degree in Engineering makes you bulletproof, but kindness is all too lacking in your fucked up approach. Stop baiting me and realize you were a little out of line. You should have apologized back to me and tried to be friendly. Instead your ego runs your show.
I would demand couples counseling. I would make him tell an innocent counselor every lie while I watched. I would ask him if he is ready to be honest. Then I would ask him what he wanted out of the relationship and why he was cheating.
Xoxoxo
Thank you too!
/u/IndianCharmer You sir, are an enlightened joy. A wonderful start to a fabulous Friday. I think you are beautiful, Handsome, Remarkable, amazing and Sweet. I think you can do anything you set your mind to. I think you possess the tools needed to accomplish your goals. It truly doesn't matter how you Identify, where you came from, or what anyone else says about you or what your beliefs are. I believe positive affirmations are incredibly powerful. Just like orgasms, a necessary part of life! Thank you so much for being you...you is wonderful. B
xoxoxox
Jam on it.
I gotta tell ya. Life is better off script. When guys get that way I wanna just say, "Hey....Beat it, it ain't worth the investment of my time already!" If you are the kind of guy that judges other men so strictly, then step bro....you and I are not going to be an item anyway.
Poor misguided people.....tsk tsk tsk.
Jesus, If you have any body fat I would be surprised? What do you want to accomplish. Emotionally how are you connected to this ? What is your goal? Do you think you need to look better to be successful in getting a partner? Dude, you have all the tools you need! Really Really cute body! You would need fanboy repellant down at the gay bar if you were dancing with no shirt.......
I would contact the folks at 2Xist. 2(X)IST Customer Service Department 285 Ridge Road, Suite #3 Dayton, NJ 08810 1-877-597-5827 e2XIST@2XIST.com
If you can cut yourself a big break, and realize that it doesn't mean anything about who you are-- See....Gay / Bi people are people who try gay sex and gay relationships and then proclaim that it fits and come out and be honest with their friends and family about who they are. Gay / Bi people don't really try gay sex once and decide it isn't for them. See the difference? In pop culture lots of people say that if you try sucking a cock that MAKES you gay / bi. This really isn't true. Lots of straight dudes try it on and don't prefer to keep going. Sex Acts don't determine your orientation. Your orientation is what it is, doesn't really change much, and might not fit into a neat category like gay or bi. If you try it and you like it you might find out that you are gay or bi. If you try it and decide it isn't for you, then you might find out you have been straight all along. NO ONE ELSE can tell you your orientation, that is something internal that only you can really ascertain and only you have to deal with. Now....having said all of that, if a guy wants to suck cock, he is going to suck cock, it is almost inevitable, just a matter of time. Whether it changes how he feels about being himself is more internal. Do you get me???
I was thinking like the song.....JAM ON IT..... In other words, OP --Get your freak on, dude is down.
LOL so am I
Thx....but I do have bias. I grew up in an Irish Catholic Family that loved the church but hated me. It left a mark. LOL
Yes. Recently I moved 3600 miles to a new city. I have had to do just that. Making friends and investing time into those relationships. We have several that we are very close to....and some others that we are just pals with.
Clinical Depression and Anxiety aren't easy to live with, but your self indulgence in unhealthy things will kill you if you allow it. It isn't easy to see it, but your insistence on "all or nothing" thinking and false altruism is really flawed. Everyone on this forum has been rejected. Your boyfriend is just a guy who got in over his head. He isn't the perfect guy and you aren't the worst guy ever. You aren't protecting your friends, they don't need relief from "worrying about you constantly", if they get in over their heads they will get some distance. Therapy and Counseling are powerful tools when YOU USE THEM. They are to help you understand that your "worst fear" isn't so grand, it is the same old fear that everyone has of rejection and loss. There is no "inevitable truth" that you are going to kill yourself. Your response to the pain of the breakup and feeling emotional pain in general is to demand it stop by self harm. The Best Course of Action you can take is to stop lying to yourself about how special your mind is, and how unique your pain is. I have AS. In my family of origin I experienced violent physical abuse, sexual abuse, incest, molestation, and sought self harm as a solution. Using therapy I have eventually challenged my own "unhealthy thinking". I am not special, I am not unique, everything that hurts, scares me, or makes me cry is just like the same shit that everyone else feels, welcome to the human race. We are all the same. It hurts when they break up. It hurts when we overshare and feel like we have damaged friendships. WE ALL go through that. Reach out to your clinical and mental providers. Tell them what is happening. They will lock your ass up until you feel the feelings you seem to be willing to kill yourself over, and then, (hopefully), they will help you learn how to process those feelings and understand you don't have to end your life to avoid them. While you are in the midst of all of this, think about this: not everyone is able to have a boyfriend. Congratulations on being so human and gay, and real. Yes...it hurts. Life does. But there are better ways to deal...do you have the balls to find them&gt;?
How do you feel about the way HIV treats gay men? I didn't want to become an expert on medical prevention of STD's or as they are known these days; STIs., I didn't have any choice. I don't want to have a lethal and fatal disease. I think sex is a necessary part of being alive. So far I am doing ok.
I did it the old fashioned way. I got married, raised a kid, ruined everyone's life, got divorced, and son moved in with me after she married hitler.
ENFP - Had to do it for work. Totally accurate btw. "I am larger than life and live life out in front".
I knew I could count on you /u/Claptr4p Thanks for responding.
I think it matters. (Why I asked)
/u/DSwipe, you say "implying that the family you were born in is unimportant is just too bold". Note your point, but have you lived it? I was also ostracized by my family of origin. Their "importance" resulted in almost depriving me of my life, and included "Ex-Gay" Forced Psychotherapy. When LGBT like yourself seem disconnected from outcomes like I experienced it makes me very happy, (Glad the World is slowly changing) But as an "Elder Gay" I possess viewpoints about which you do not have experience or connection. There was no "leaving the nest". The "nest" was all about control, conformance, and their status quo. I think you do not have the history to understand that it isn't too bold. It is valid. Some LGBT are hurt in ways not easy to heal and spend many years in pain because of families of origin. Not everyone has the "leaving the nest" experience you have.
The BAD: Feelings of betrayal and lack of trust. The GOOD: Understanding each other. The "innocent spouse" who was "betrayed" needs something to "help" get through these types of betrayal. Because it makes one vulnerable to ask for it, and because the person you need it from just dealt you a betrayal, it is often overlooked, ignored, and doesn't happen. The "guilty spouse" seldom is doing anything to "hurt" the "innocent spouse" and is more often guilty of failing to use the relationship to meet their needs, and stepping out is usually about getting their own needs met. If they feel really bad, low self esteem, really unattractive, it can make them feel immediately better to successfully engage in sexual conquest. It can also doom their primary relationship. Rarely do couples and (Double Males especially) ever discuss low self esteem, sexual needs, and sexual conquest from a place of safety and intimacy. That is how you reach each other and break down walls and repair damage done by infidelity or betrayal. Fifty foot view: you need to be reassured. You can combat feelings about betrayal and lack of trust by asking him to help you do that. He professes that he loves you, (He obviously does or he would have not been crying and would have said, "Get over it, everyone does it". So...going forward, ask for a time to have a safe conversation. Safe means we both commit to not escalating, not freaking, trying to put our best foot forward, and agreeing that we begin together, we do what we have to do to help each other feel better, and we try to "fight fair" by not demanding or laying down ultimatums. It sounds kinda hard to have a "safe" conversation, but the reality is that anyone can end it at anytime so this isn't like putting on handcuffs or anything, it is agreeing to withhold judgement and decision making for a period of hours. Simple right? Now...while you are in a safe space, tell him that you don't like that he still has the account, ask him why he wants it, try to see things from each others point of view and ask for affirmations that you aren't being fooled or mislead by any duplicity. Explain what you really fear. (This is big boy stuff, and that is why it requires a "safe" space) Ask for him to institute some shared sexual activity with you that can make it easier to SHARE the sexual frolics and keep things on a "both of us" deal instead of emphasizing privacy, masturbation, and online sexual expression. Ask him if there is anything he wants to discuss, and be real with each other, gradually bring it back to simple topics and end the "safe" conversation. I recommend that couples discussing really difficult topics hold hands while discussing them. It helps to achieve the intimacy necessary to share safely. (I do this with my husband). Also remember this: Just because he stepped on the rules doesn't mean he did it intentionally or with malice. Just because it hurt you like hell doesn't mean that he wanted that outcome for you. I think you guys just need to work on your union. These "growing pains" are necessary to having a strong bond. It is part of being a couple. This can be a strengthening thing...don't let it be the seed that causes you to doubt him until you leave him, get his feedback and find out that it wasn't about you. GOOD LUCK
So you need to focus on your own value and what you bring to the relationship and what you can do to make it special. You are feeling really needy, and really insecure right now. Pushing on him to get those needs met is not really going to make you feel better, which you recognize, so what can you do? Do things to make your end more special. Make him something. Cook, craft, or whatever. Take a relationship course. Learn how to be really proactive about getting your needs met inside a relationship. All of these things have value, whether it lasts or it doesn't, they all add to your bottom line. If you are the guy who makes your boyfriend cookies, that can be something very cool as you go forward --whether in this relationship or another one. If you want to discuss the ghosting, that is painful, and is childish, and represents an effort to harm someone. It would help to discuss that behavior with your boyfriend and how you felt about it and ask him if he was ever hurt by someone "ghosting". Get feedback from your friends about why someone would do that and how to deal with it when it does happen. Speaking about your fears empowers you to deal with them when/if they come true.
LISTEN. Actively. Let him express his pain and anguish. It will lessen the load he has to carry if he shares it with you. Advice? Tell him that his value is not what others think of him. Tell him that his worth has nothing to do with a boyfriend's decision to stay or not.
HUGS BRO /u/chargingblue is a very interesting moniker....how did you come up with it, what does it mean to you?
That's cute... Have a good day man, and hope tomorrow brings you good things!
Yeah....I am a gay dad. (Out for 24yrs, married for 7yrs) You need to look for guys who do what you do. Club life isn't really compatible with raising the kids. The way my husband and I do it is to entertain at our home once a quarter. We will invite gays (both single and couples) and straight people too. We will have an informal party (buffet style food, usually some drinks too) and it may break up into games or whatever. Everyone usually has a splendid time, and We love it as well. We do other stuff with gay couples we know...dinners, shows, movies, et cet. Just organize around family friendly stuff. Everyone (even single gays) likes to go to the park. Pick a few couples that live like you live and meet them out some.
Everyone needs to have a little assumption of privacy. Everyone sooner or later wobbles in their lane a little bit. Catching him fucking around isn't the same as catching him being embarrassed to disclose something, and self policing is way more effective than monitoring a guy anyway. Mention to him that you wonder what couples should do, and ask him to discuss it with you. This should be a "safe" convo. You need to set aside time to do it and hold hands while doing it. Ask to share each others thoughts about being secretive and how to trust that your partner is self-policing. I do know that after three years he doesn't want to do anything that will result in a breakup without some serious consideration. I am deeply involved in my marriage and don't really want to have problems just because of a misunderstanding.
When I was a younger gay, I was a lot more squeamish about sex. I wanted to cuddle, it was really hot kissing a dude who had razor stubble, smelled like aftershave, was a GUY...ya know? I really didn't connect with ass cleaning or enemas or any of that stuff. As I grew up and became older, I got into relationships where sex became more important. My Dick was hardwired into my prostate by the age of 30. Every time a guy would penetrate me I would get so hard, and after a little while spent fucking, I would cum and it seemed like way more intense than any other sex I had ever had. (I was married to a woman when I was young, so was familiar with str8 sex). I used to date a younger guy who was intimidated by my size down there. (I am thick, like almost beer can thick). He was so freaked out about sex we really didn't do it at first. One day after we were froliking about the house we ended up in the bed, and ended up naked and cuddled and then I just spooned him and slowly eased into him. He started to object but I kept smothering him with kisses and teasing him into it. Later, in the midst of it, he was gripping me like a milk machine and he was screaming and cumming all over the place. I still fantasize about that first time and we broke up in 2004. The whole point of this is that sometimes you just need to let go of what you think is important (in his case prep and enema and all that) and just let it be. Of course your mileage may vary, it is subjective of course, but maybe you see my point of view. Later in life after we broke up he had a boyfriend who always prepared carefully and he confessed to me then that he missed terribly some of the spontaneity of his relationship with me. He felt that being accepting of each other and being in the moment added so much to the expression of sexuality. So...I get what you mean, in my case horniness and general devil may care attitude leant themselves well to just trying to experience each other and meant a lot to us at that time. (And even now).
Both of you are right. You aren't very clear about meeting him. Did you meet him? Did you go to his house? Did you guys have sex? You aren't very clear about why you are paranoid. Are you Closeted? Are you afraid of being outed as having sex with a man? Why are you afraid of being with him when you have slept with him or have you? (confusing). So....He has a point. He wants to move the "relationship" into a more boyfriends direction. You have a point, he is batshit cray cray a touch, but if you fucked me one time and then played distance games with me for a year I might be a little frustrated too? Did you fuck him? SO....What do you want? If you want him to act normal you need to ask him what that looks like and how to get there. He is acting normal to him, but you think it's a little insane. What are your intentions for him? Do you just want positive strokes from him liking you and want to keep him at a distance/out of your life? Time to man up and be honest with him about what you want and where you are at long term. He is wanting a boyfriend. What do you want? That will tell you how to go forward. He is acting like boyfriends act. Yes...it's dramatic, yes it is over the top. But if you are dating a guy and you want him to do stuff (send you texts, tell you he cares et cet) then you have to do what they want too. It isn't all one sided. Ghosting after a year isn't really ghosting, that is just being rude.
I think you are overreacting. Some guys have acne and get acne scars. Some guys have chicken pox scars. Some guys have had a hemorrhoid and then get a skin tag. Some guys have had an anal fissure. Once it heals there may be a slight skin tag. I don't think it will make a difference. Close your eyes. Imagine your ex. Do you know what his asshole looks like? Would you fuck him if he had a skin tag? Do you know if he has one? Would it stop you if he had one? Only in very young gay circles and twink photography do people discuss beauty and an anus in the same sentence. I like to rim guys, and I don't really think all that is beautiful. I like him to be very clean, I like it to turn him on. I like him to be freaked out that I am doing it and be squealing and freaking while I do it. I really don't care what his butt really looks like. So...do you get what I mean? It is more about "whose" butt it is than what it exactly looks like. So good luck man, get well soon, and don't worry, you are just as hot now as you were two months ago.
No, he was pretty clean, we didn't have a lot of mess to clean up, but we did hop into the shower after and scrub each others backs and stuff. It's just part of the fun.
Don't ever let anyone make you ashamed of who you are. Don't ever let anyone tell you what is good or bad, You got that. Don't ever let anyone tell you that you have to accept what they say or do to you because you aren't good enough, aren't cute enough, or because no one else will want you. TRUST-there is ALWAYS someone right around the corner that wants you worse than you can possibly imagine.
If they don't like it, they aren't good enough bro. That is the sane truth.
Awesome response, thank you for clarifying. Now that I understand better where you are I recommend that you break it off with him. Explain that you think it is in your best interest to break it off clean. Why do I say this?? Because I always say, "to thine own self be true". Your gut is sounding the klaxon warning. THAT IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN ANYTHING ELSE. Always Always always listen to your intuition. I can not stress that enough. The most qualified person to evaluate whether or not this is a good idea is YOU. Thank you for conversing with me, and answering all my questions. I hope you have a great day, and listen to your intuition bro.
Nice. We are stronger when the We is not exclusive or restricted.
Driving 80 mph down deserted two lane highway in a 4x4 with him, he is cuddled up and snoozing on my shoulder and my lap. I am pushing, trying to get us home, tired from traveling, but OMG I feel so protective, he seems so vulnerable as he wakes briefly and yawns before rolling a bit and drifting back off. His head is in my lap and he has his hands resting on my leg and thigh. I would do anything to make this last forever.......2010 Alabama Highway in the middle of fucking nowhere near Conecuh Alabama. By the way, it isn't always so comfortable, but we have been making it last forever, It is seven years later and I married him!
They didn't have a microphone or an adoring audience in space......
Dude, I like cock. I have never met a cock I didn't like. I have even met some guys I didn't like and still liked their cock. I am pretty sure it wouldn't be a deal. You will let me suck it right? See what I mean?
This is something a single guy does. If you want to continue doing it, stay single. If you want to be with new boyfriend....Daddy's sugar has to go. It doesn't mean that you are all that, it means that Daddy has too much money and wants to buy cock. It really is just that simple. So before you make up your mind, remember that in order to share a life with someone, you must first stand on your own two feet. Stripping, Whoring, performing, and prostituting are difficult to explain to a guy who thinks you are a catch. It is fearful because he may reject you as "slutty" or as "promiscuous". So....there is no comparison between being "bought and owned" and being "loved". Give up the Sugar, you don't need Daddy to get love.
Or apparently enough money to buy a ticket. LOL
UGH....Hate to hear that you have to face that. Please update us to let us know how it comes out Bro. You know...a job doesn't determine your self worth or personal value. You have the relationship, a job search is a pain but can be fun. PDX has some opportunities...you will find a replacement. Ask for a letter of rec if they lay you off. Good Luck
IF it's so easy then why do guys on here complain all the time about grindr ghosting and no hookup sex? I don't think it is hard to find someone who wants to have sex. Being in the same place, at the same time, wanting the same things, and not being afraid of HIV or other is not so simple.
OMG....I just wanna hug you lil' bro. That sux. So you came out, discovered who you are, you self advocated and stood up for yourself and what you want. This may be a rough moment, but this is a rite of passage, the very first one! You need a cute boy to hold your hand and walk on the beach. Sorry you didn't get that from this dude, but you know, broken hearts only hurt when you risk falling in love right??? If you haven't ever felt a broken heart then you have never been in love right?? This is just another stop on the path to world domination! Good Luck Bro.
TRUTH!!!!
&gt;Is our marriage over? It doesn't have to be, but that is what is in front of you both. The only way this gets fixed is if you both start walking toward each other and seeing each other's side of this. Your suggestion to go to counseling was a great one, make an appointment now, and request he attend it.
Ok....Print this out and show it to him. My suggestion is that you both need to be able to have a "SAFE" Discussion. So you both agree, no ultimatums, no yelling, no getting angry, just breath and talk to each other. You have to sit together, and you have to hold hands . The Topic of discussion is "What I like and don't like about our relationship from my own point of view." The work is for you both to say your version of how you have gotten here. You need to tell him how you feel that he and you don't really talk any more. You know....all the reasons that you have for thinking it is over. DON'T BLAME HIM. He needs to tell how he feels out of control, and how he is afraid that you might not love him anymore, all the reasons he has for thinking it is over. HE SHOULDN'T BLAME YOU. You just talk about what the situation is. If you cry, comfort each other. Treat each other with compassion and caring, don't offer criticism or correction or blame. JUST LISTEN and speak your truth. EXAMPLE: Say, "It hurt me when we stopped being able to have sex. I miss it so bad, and wish we both enjoyed it" - Don't Say, "I wish you would just accept how life is instead of blaming me for everything". YOU both need to stop talking about each other and start talking to each other about your own feelings of loss, abandonment and fear. This is a starting place. If you guys put in the work, and love each other through this, you might find enough common ground to save the marriage. If you don't find a way to save it, you may find a way to say how sorry you both are that you each got hurt. I empathize with you so much right now I am having a tearful moment. Don't be afraid to be vulnerable with each other. He doesn't want to hurt you. He just wants to fix it and doesn't know how. Good Luck and Love ya lots bro...being gay isn't easy and neither is divorce.
Ok look. I am an old fashioned kinda guy. I love sex. I mean I like to deepthroat, swallow cum, lick ass, you name it, I DIG IT, but all that sex stuff don't mean much if we don't know each other. I am not a trained dog, (Sit, stay, Fuck) I have to know before we get naked that he is going to be really careful with my feelings and my body. I don't like rejection, I need affirmations when naked. (Oh..wow you are cute--I like your body--what a pretty cock) See??? The mental stuff more than makes up the difference in closeness and confidence....see??
Nope...too difficult to explain to husband. I like looking, but it isn't on the approved activities list.
take a long time and it is a little painful but I can do it a little bit.
Nice!
ENFP. it doesn't really make huge differences to me, but it is scary accurate.
LOL
You have to understand the motivation for the hate. Many of us LGBT grew up in non-supportive environments. So..naturally look to our partners to supply support to us in a relationship. Low Self Esteem and other things also exacerbate this need. So you get in a relationship where you are convinced he couldn't possibly love a dork like yourself, and six months later he comes home and destroys your heart by saying, "I'm done with monogamy, I'm totally fucking other people soon, do you wanna stay together or break up." It is not simple to speak about emotional need, emotional connection, intimacy, and intangible value while in a relationship. Often there is little or no communication as the relationship is expected to accommodate many emotional needs for the participants, while at the same time, accommodate an almost selfish need for sex, and not just sex, but sex with whom, how, and when "I" want it, no matter the cost borne by "You". Two men committed to each other and monogamous with each other and navigating life with compromise isn't really the same as two roommates who fuck each other and live on Grindr cruising for strange dick every day. A given "Open" relationship couple may "say" they are committed and "say" they are in love, but their actions don't always match the dialog. The work involved in compromising and living with a compromise in a relationship is perceived as not part of these "open" relationships. We all have friends who have tried to "open" their relationship only to find out that staying together while having it "open" wasn't possible and so they either "closed" it again or they broke up and went separate ways. All of this flies in the face of the teaching that LGBT get from our predominately Heterosexual society. A "marriage" means monogamy. A "marriage" means shared responsibilities, sex only with your spouse, shared assets, raising children, and a place to live together. The disdain for the open relationship crowd comes from the pain of watching it blow up on guys whose mates have been told that you can have a relationship and still fuck whoever and whatever whenever. Open advocates say that Jealousy is silly. Closed advocates pine for a deeper intimate connection that matches what their parents enjoyed and called a "marriage".
Well....I read your question as "Would I still be able to pull guys?" and I was answering I think YES, it wouldn't/shouldn't be an issue. Yeah...I don't envy anyone who had issues with their gender Identity. I am so lucky to be comfortable with my sexuality, and gender. Glad you got it sorted and are happy with your decision, hope you find it life affirming Bro.
I am not a lawyer, but have a tremendous amount of experience navigating, evaluating, and administering complex contractual agreements. In my experience, an attorney is an essential part of the team, but needs support from other professionals to feed submittals for decision making. Often a lawyer's expertise is in Legal Language interpretation, critical document evaluation, and possibly experience in a body of Case Law (Regulatory, Jurisdictional, Geographical, or pertaining to a specific type of industry). Potentially drafting/editing of T&amp;C's, or Contracts, or Submittals to Insurers, Government entities, or arbiters which affect the contract or agreement is a frequent Lawyer service in support of the building industry. In order to successfully build or implement a large project, Someone must know what the goal you need to reach looks like. Simple evaluation of a "knock for knock" agreement by a lawyer will just identify exposure and risk. Another person with deep ties to understanding the moving pieces of the agreements and risk and schedule and cash flows is needed to help prepare and present options to executives about the projects potential for risk and reward. As the large infrastructure rebuild that was part of the GOP platform comes online, the projects will not be a "customer" and "contractor" relationship. It would be a group made up of possibly Government Agency, End User, Owner, Legal, Technical &amp; Engineering, Project Management, Production, Banker/Finance &amp; Surety. Supplying that group with the technical and build proposals that can be executed according to invoked t&amp;c's and contractual agreements is a big job which takes a team, not just a lawyer/legal department. I realize that many other legal services and practices exist out there, in various support roles obtaining compliance and support of the courts for regulatory compliance and other needs. YMMV. I included this description because I have had several lawyers engaged in my work and compliment me and explain how much more confidence they had in the project and interpretation because of my involvement.
So...the challenge is then to communicate what OPEN really is, to educate what it means, how it works, and why it is a good idea. I don't really favor Open marriages, my husband would never agree to it so my own experience is limited.
Swing at every pitch....jus sayin
I probably would have enjoyed it. I wouldn't enjoy the type of cloak and dagger type lawyering that you see on TV, (Law &amp; Order, Perry Mason, et cet). But I would have liked to have had a maritime legal practice.
Neither being Gay or being Trans is a mental Illness. I am just going to leave that here for a moment.
LOL Just wait. (I am 49). I remember my Thirtieth Birthday, I remember my fortieth, and am soon approaching my fiftieth. What you have to realize to process all of this, is that gay life, sexual fulfillment, and sexual desirability are not constants. For Example: anytime you go to a bar or a gay event, the advertising will feature very fit, very young, and very stylish dudes who appear to have an interest in the guy behind the camera eye, i.e. every consumer who looks at the ad. This media blitz is welcomed by almost all gay men because it appears very attractive, almost softcore porn quality visual imagery. So does that mean that if you aren't just like the model that you have no worth? Well...not quite. Aging is scary because you go from being fit and easy to maintain fitness to changes in your health and body that make achieving the ideal progressively harder until it becomes impossible. Will guys want to fuck me? Will guys want me to fuck them? I have always been a hot item, what now? What you need to know is that your gay identity came with you into this world and will be with you until you leave. Also gay life doesn't begin at 19, and doesn't end at 29. You will be just a good looking at 40 as you were at 20. Sure there will be some body changes, (people gain and lose weight, people's musculature changes) but in the grand scheme of things you will not really get any different. If you were more attractive than 50% of the population at 20, you will likely be more attractive than 50% of the population at 30, 40, and 50. If you don't really change much, then why does this freak us out so bad? Because of the fear that you will loose your youth. News Flash - unbeknownst to many gay men, youth is REPLACED as you age with EXPERIENCE. Like a wise elder statesman, you have become able to see through a lie from fifty feet. You know how to make smaller mistakes these days. You are more capable of navigating difficult situations. Example: Recently went to a car parts store with a younger guy in tow. We had a dialog with the counterman, (about 27 or so). He didn't have my part in stock and sent me across town to pick it up at another location. He rang me up so that his store could capture the sale and also he could capture the sale rather than the counterman at the store across town. I interjected and asked him for a discount for my trouble. I got a 10% reduction in price, and full warranty et cet. When we got to the car to go pick it up, my younger friend was astounded at the fact that I had asked and gotten a discount. He is 22, I am 49. Simple right? This shit happens every day. Poise, Grace, Knowing how to communicate, knowing the ins and outs of other peoples points of view. I realize you may would rather be sought out for sex than wisdom, but everyone goes through that bro.
Rim Jobs. OMG I love to lick ass. I want him to know it is sorta "filthy" in a kinky kind of way. I want him to be surprised I am doing it, not expecting it, surprised by how it feels, and turned on by the fact that I am doing it.
Thank you! Very accurate......Scary accurate.
Game. Glass of Wine.
I am a dad. My son was born with a congenital birth defect called hypospadias and the doctor recommended procedure was to circumcise and repair hypospadias at the same time at one year old. It was performed, but I really don't defend it. I don't anticipate ever being a father again, ( he is 24 next week) and doubt I would argue if the same recomendation was put before me again.
Does he mean a permanent member like a triad? Or is this just some sex ~~you guys~~ your boyfriend wants to have with someone other than you? I met a triad when I was about 23. They constantly tricked with whoever they could get. Individually and together. They were from San Francisco and came to my small Mississippi town to escape "the plague". It worked for a while, but eventually the older gent (Papa Don) died from a random head on collision on the interstate and the younger guy (Doug) was left alone. (The third, whom I never met, had died from an open heart surgery at a VA that went bad). Yes, of course I had sex with them, they were so complimentary to me that they practically talked my clothes off. Later in life I tried to have a triad relationship because my boyfriend forced me into an open relationship. It was very unequal, I didn't like the way it felt, I was hurt by how much effort they spent having sex and was ignored, so I ended it. Every since then, if a guy wants open relationship I pretty much get ready to end it. EDIT: add'l thought added.
Yes. This was rape. You are not alone. Dealing with this is kinda hard, if you ever need to talk about it I am here man. My history includes some pretty violent child abuse, child sexual abuse, and incest.
You deserved better. It will get better.
Thx bro!
My latest thing is Ace Frehley's last release. He is sober, He sounds good, He is as edgy as he ever was back in kiss, and the vid for the new release of the old FREE song Fire &amp; Water is with him and Paul Stanley...Stanley sounds thirty again, throaty, vibrant lyric, real, can tell he is into it. Two rockers paying homage to the past....awesome album, awesome single, totally awesome. Note: if you don't like what I like I don't mind, I don't care, it's still you babe, DO YOU.
Go to your girls bro...you ain't one of us. I got nothing to say to a woman wearing an "I've got the pussy so I make the rules" shirt....or to you. The guys I hang with don't want pussy anyway....they like cock.
"Life is a buffet and most poor suckers are starving to death, LIVE" - Auntie Mame.
My straight co-workers took me to the strip club with them after we had been drinking. I flirted with the bouncer.
Meh..... Like masturbation it is like a prerequisite for gay orientation? Seems pretty cool when it is going on, but then, when your laying there covered in cum droplets you just go, "oh well, time to clean up" and the moment passes. It isn't as fun as it seemed to be and wastes more time than showering?
You hangout with breeders. The guys you want don't want you. That's why you think calling me a fag is an insult. I don't give a fuck...I know what I am and what you think doesn't make me ashamed of it. Go try to catch you a breeder, good luck with that....and the self hate bro.
"Stoned"? Get high, watch porn, and masturbate? I think there are lots of dudes who would smoke trees with you and slob the knob if ya get my meaning....IDK.
LOL @ justification!! I like to call President Trump "L'Orange" and I pronounce it LORAHHNGE. Just a little pleasure for your Friday.
1st of all, it is a big deal. We all want to be in relationships which MEET our needs (Sexual, Intimacy, emotional support, et cet). We sometimes get into relationships that do not MEET our needs or in which we are unsuited or unable to MEET the needs of our partners. It is in that moment that we must investigate what can be done? Can the NEED change? Can the Obstacle that makes it challenging to meet the NEED change? You don't offer much information? Unless he had an emergency Dickectomy or something....what happened to him? What Can be different? Couples have sex problems often, the only way through is to speak about it often and point out that there may be a way to offer other options or methods for achieving climax or intimacy. So What is really going on????
Growing up gay and closeted prepares you to lie believably. Realizing that it doesn't matter hwhat others think makes it largely a rite of passage.
Dude, please don't. You don't have the knowledge, ability, or training to speak to OP's issues, and your effort, while worthwhile is just doing more damage than anything else. I don't want to fight, but you are not even close to being correct which the statements you made. Respecfully, please stop.
Gaymer, power geek, alpha nerd, early adopter, use tech like a millennial even though I am a gen X'r. Husband is opposite. Tech only when necessary, doesn't like to text, misses messages on cross platform use, uses a computer at work, hunt and peck typist, so on. Sometimes guys on game like to get attention, so there might be some "flirty" behavior. I run with a group so they all know I am gay, and sometimes there is some innuendo or w/e. I don't really worry about it, we might get a bit flirty, but there ain't no way ever that one of my group or another gamer is gonna wind up being geographically close, or intimate and down for sex irl. Sometimes we talk about what is hot and what we like. I friended a guy on FB while we were gaming, he was a model for A&amp;E and other clothing lines, and has a six pack and is cute as shit. He is also straight, and likes gay attention. He is also halfway around the world from here as well. So there is shit that gets said that isn't a for real, serious, or a bona fide attempt to get laid. If my husband asks, I tell him the absolute truth, that I am married happily, and just being who I am. If it's a problem, he tells me his objection and I try to accommodate a change or w/e but I listen and do so actively. Now...you need to remember that you should be honest and truthful. If anything bothers you, tell him and ask him about it. You said he went to pound town with one of the gamers he runs with? Or they used to have sex? Or they were just talking like it could happen? I am not sure which, but whatever it is, you talk to your boyfriend and you will probably find out it is all pretty much just some trash talk online rather than a serious attempt to be together.
Suggest a professional. Explain you are unwilling, unable, and uncomfortable. Provide a name of a counselor and suggest they go to fix things.
Don't deal in assumption. Ask frequently what the expectations are, be honest about what your deal breakers are, and be honest about what you want.
Good for you boyo!
Sounds to me like he has rental space in your head for free. He has hurt you before, so he could do it again. You won't get laid unless you show up, so there is that, does he strike you as an exceptional guy? Usually I was pretty good at remembering not to go there once someone had hurt me. Specifics didn't matter much, once I pulled out the dagger I was fucking done. My fault, his fault, I was super sensitive and he was a total dick on feet, didn't matter. If I took a second chance to get hurt it had better be someone I really wanted bad to convince me to drive over the cliff a second time. I have done it, it went bad after I did, but it took twice to learn it, that time, that guy, right?
Make gay friends. Sex will happen, boyfriends will happen, but you will get loads of support from having a gay dude that knows in your corner. Good luck!
The difference between love and infatuation is mutual intent. In love relationships, both parties desire each other. Infatuation lacks informed consent and can be almost a solo crush upon someone with no idea of how the "other partner" feels.
I would elect to attend school as a priority over the relationship. If you have college plans, review them to see if they make good sense, that decision will last a lot longer than a typical pre-college relationship. If you see something that makes you think he and you might have serious potential then that might be a game changer. If you stay will you still be an hour away?
Yeah, if you are going to pump the brakes on school while you get a two year degree before attending your college choice anyway, yeah that changes a few things. You guys have been on dates, have reconnected after it kinda fell by the wayside, and now might be just the ticket. Go for it. (Me and hubby live in PDX :)
All good points...
If I feel like that I try to remember some axioms: Success isn't a pie, there is an unlimited supply. It's waiting out there for the diligent and the lucky, while I am sometimes lucky, success is usually the result of hard work. I will never be totally happy with my success, I always want more. No one ever is willing to roll it backward, so I have to remember to be thankful for what I have going on right now. Success can't be given, it must be earned. No one can take it away, if you stop doing what works and you can stop being successful. Don't spend your time seeking The ruination and downfall of your enemy, time is too valuable a commodity to waste on others unless you love them. You will wound a true enemy more by simply ignoring them and living well. Success is a process, not a destination, continue doing what works, stop doing what doesn't, if you practice it, success is inevitable.
Crickets...... LOL
No use for them. Side note: I hate to speak ill of someone aligned with the LGBT publicly, but I don't like Caitlen Jenner either.
Portland Oregon.....the Pacific Northwest is fucking amazing. PERIOD.
Safe sex is a thing. Like every other thing in a relationship, it has to be negotiated and talked over. Who is going to pick up dog food, who is going to buy lube and condoms, et cet.
ok, so YES...this is cheating. How can you forgive him and make this work? Well...first you have to want to. Do you want to? If you want to, you have to go forward knowing your NEEDS. Need #1 - no more apps Need #2 - apologize for cheating Need #2 - safe sex and testing (Yes...this is a deal breaker) Need #4 - regular intimate discussions about relationship health Now, if he is willing to do those four things with you, then you can proceed. If he is not then staying with him will result in a repeat. It may result in a repeat anyway.
Well....everyone fucks up sometime bro. You have a decision to make. Either up or down. Do you spend your time seeking a new mate or trying to be with the one who says he wants you. You say you can't be lied to, but now that it has happened, what do you want out of this? Do you want him to go away and never come back? Or do you want him to just not lie to you and stay? You can learn to trust him again, but it involves risking him lying again. Can you do that? So that is how this works, lots of people get lied to each day, people lie, cheat and steal. But people also stand up for themselves, explain to their boyfriends what they will and won't put up with, and navigate past these bumps in the road all the time. It is up to you. Ether you or he can end the relationship at any time for any reason, that is how relationships work. So give it a hard think. It might not be a mistake to give him another chance, and you can always end it later if it doesn't work out.
Of course it could work. It is a great idea! If you boys want to work it out that is a great way to get both voices heard on both sides!! Suggest it, and ask him to go with you. Good Luck
HELL NO, He might have gotten busy, lost the number, lost his phone, had a meeting or whatever. You will work this out. Go into detective mode dude!
!!!!!
Javelin.
Mmmmmmhhmmmmmm. Sounds kinda noncommittal to me! If you claim there is no difference between us, that het vs gay is a null sum then you ought to have no issues doing it right? You know what I'm sayin? It won't suck itself!
Conservatism. I used to live in the south and grew up in a very conservative right leaning family. I was expected to vote republican and go to Catholic church and "tow the party line" if you will. Everyone down there thinks Trump is wonderful and the people who oppose him are really dim witted. I live in the Pacific Northwest now, a bastion of Liberal Thought in action, as are most of the High GDP States in the Union. Liberals are not stupid. They are just not racist. They actually think that everyone is equal and treat everyone that way. They actually think that it is ok to pay taxes, ok to used taxes to benefit the common good, and the governments in the Pacific Northwest encounter some of the same problems that governments in the South do. They just typically are used to treating people equally, which, as it turns out....so am I.
While I don't think I have anything against any race as a partner, I ended up in relationships with guys who were very similar to me. (White American so more availability right?) I think it is just a preference, not a discrimination. I had a particular wonderful sexual experience with a POC, and would have entertained more, but it was kind of a one off. I also have been majorly interested in Asian twinky boys for a long time, but it just didn't happen that I got to date one. I don't think you are discriminating, just being yourself.
&gt;How do I cure my homosexuality Fasten your seatbelt, This is going to be a bumpy ride. The good news: You can fix what is wrong and causing you problems. The Bad News: It ain't what you think needs fixing. You need to think hard about just accepting that it isn't dirty or bad to be gay, or to like gay sex or gay porn. You need to affirm who you are and that it is ok to be who you are. When someone tells you your sexuality needs to be "cured" you need to tell them to take the next bus to the insane asylum, You can't "fix", "cure", "change", or "adapt" your sexual self into someone else...It just doesn't work that way. It is like finding out that you are black, and nothing you can do will make you otherwise. It just is. Concentrate on making your peace with the guy in the mirror liking gay porn and liking cock. It is way easier to accept than try to change and fail. EDIT: Spelling
Add the danger factor. Invite him to do something edgy, exciting, and fun. You need to turn up the heat. Rock and roll road trip turns into road head. LOL Good luck.
No big deal....people rarely notice what we think is huge.
Yes. But I refused to be "victimized". Every bully in every situation is looking to your response feedback. Don't give them the response they are looking for. I worked the tough end of the shipyard business when I was younger. I was on the deck plates welding and fitting steel. I had guys mock me, poke fun, find out I was gay and get mad because I didn't tell them. I have had guys say all kinds of shit to me. Here is what I have learned: Do your job. Minorities (POC, LGBT, Gender female, et cet) have to show up, be counted, and cover the bases. Know what you are to do, and do it. Taunts are always public. Bullies crave reaction, approval from the crowd, and outrage from you. If you flip the script, and win the crowd, the bully has lost. But keep in mind that you must win for this to work. Never take it personally. Keep your distance, trust work associates to betray your confidence, keep it light. Don't share the intimate details of your relationships, hookups, or desires. Smile, keep a good attitude, and be friendly, don't let others share things you won't share, direct them back to the "co-worker" zone. I have been threatened, propositioned, called a faggot, called disgusting, had people try to help me by giving me "jesus" and a thousand other things. I have objected, defended myself, and even went to HR. None of that really helps, the real success is a little bit of a tough exterior, some good boundaries with co-workers and bosses, and a snappy comeback that robs them of their crowd approval.
Everything in it's place dude. When I was in my first relationship (he was older I was thirteen) I was uncomfortable kissing. I liked the razor stubble, and the aftershave, but felt like, "what's the point of doing that". Later in life, I realize the emotional significance of petting, kissing, making out, being affectionate, back scratching, cuddling. It isn't all about sex you know. The intimacy must be present for me to enjoy the sex these days. So...think about what it means, think about why you might want to do it. When a gay boy grows into a man, he isn't a natural Romeo. He has to learn how to risk who he is long enough to be vulnerable in order to impress and (hopefully) seduce his crush. Take your time, practice when you can. Side note: I always pop a raging hardon when kissing.
/u/TiredfrTired You are processing a lot of feelings dude, it is going to be OK. It is ok to cry, that is your mind and bodies way of responding to emotional challenges. You did it! Congratulations! You did an amazing life affirming thing by informing her that you are gay and ex Muslim. I am gay and ex-Catholic myself...It was hard too. My parents also didn't accept it when I came out. (fifteen the first time). They said all that shit, "you are confused", "If you prayed and really meant it, God would take it away" and all that crap. TRUTH - You are gay, you will be with a guy eventually, and no amount of prayer would help you be any different, and even if you had a girl it wouldn't change shit. It is ok for your mom to be wrong. It is ok for her to tell you stupid shit. That is kinda what mom's do. They are using their straight value system to help their child who they see is in crisis. They just don't realize that they cause the fucking crisis right?? It is ok that she didn't accept it. YOU STILL TOLD HER! It is fine that she won't say it's ok, SHE STILL KNOWS. It is perfectly acceptable for he to think that God can fix you, YOU STILL CAME OUT. What she thinks doesn't really change anything. You will still be an Ex-Muslim, and a gay one at that. Do something very life affirming and pro gay. Speak often to other gay people. Make a gay friend. Just chill about your feelings and so much upheaval right now..That is totally normal when your family finds out what you have been hiding for so long. ALL THIS IS SO NORMAL. It is ok man. You just need to feel the feelings and realize that what she thinks (even though it used to be the guiding force that taught you to walk, eat, think, and live) just isn't going to be that important to your well being, your life going forward. You will be who you are. No matter what she thinks. You will be gay, and you will make your way through the world. LOVE YOURSELF. You are an amazing guy, with a tremendous bunch of experiences ahead of you. ENJOY each of them. I am so sorry she hasn't accepted you. I am 49 and my parents still like yours didn't want this for me. Eventually they had to accept that I would be gay, I would date boys, and eventually, I married another man. You will live your life anyway, and what seems like a non-starter will eventually reconcile. She will eventually come to grips with it. So will you.
Yes....right along with Tom Cruise and John Travolta
LOL Yeah...NO. Just tell him not to waste your time. LOL.
So....Yeah /u/somekook has the right of it.
I don't know how old you are, but when I was younger I would have been having sex already. Today I am more mature and have brakes.
Thanks a lot. Your comment made me laugh out loud!! So fucking true man.
LOL
Nope. Those are not "accidental". What those are is "sent while horny".
IKR?? Where the fuck do they come up with this dumb shit?
Yeah......but our tastes run different. He likes Latin guys, I like twinks.
ROFL....yeah...it ain't grammy, and what they want in return is some ACTION while HARD. &lt;raises eyebrows..gives the "look"&gt;
No...not really.
ROFL LOL LOL
Pineapple Juice Orange Juice Malibu Rum Vodka (for extra kick if you guys like them stiff) Serve with lots of ice, Garnish w/ Orange slices or cherries. The majik is that no one can taste the strength of the alcohol because of the pineapple juice. (Popular Frat Punch Trick) Edit: Spaces added for clarity
Lol, three cheers for "pulse"
Tell him the next time he says that you intend to call his bluff and hang up the telephone.
So, "duly noted" and "I have been denied an open relationship" are informing you that your relationship has been opened up. He made that decision without you. Tell him he can fuck whoever he wants to. Tell him to enjoy the gay baths. Tell him it is totally up to him where he puts his cock, tell him you are not denying him anything. Tell him that you aren't his boyfriend or your opinions would matter, and decisions about sex would be shared.
***PORN STAR***
So here's the thing. If you catch your guy cheating, it is **ALWAYS** about him. He is seeking to make himself feel better or different than he feels. He is seeking things outside the relationship he should be enjoying inside the relationship. IF he is lying to himself and to you about what he wants, expects, and desires from the relationship; then it is almost a sure bet that he is unwilling and unable to recommit to the relationship. IF he is non-monogamous indiscriminately while being unsafe it is almost a sure bet that he will seroconvert to HIV+. At the end of the day, if the partners still share goals about what they both want out of life and their relationship, they can recommit to some action that satisfies their needs. If they are still being dishonest about what they really want, then nothing can fix that. NOTE: While sex is just sex, and opening a relationship can solve sex problems in the immediate time frame, men change over time. As mature men loose sexual prowess they begin to seek solutions. Nothing is quite affirming like anonymous sex with strangers or sex with a young partner. The reasons people have sex, who they have it with, what they offer in exchange for sex are real concerns. If a fella that has been a good partner for years starts stepping out on Grindr I don't think the only solution is to throw away the relationship, but at the same time, he must be willing to face the road ahead and hear his partner out about what needs have to be met.
WTF? Did your mom have any children that lived?
If you don't cook, clean or suck dick, what's the point of talking?
The heart wants what it wants. Put it in a personals ad, you will be so sought after you have no idea! Then you can find a companion. Trust, nothing else will matter as much when you are happy and in love.
Get busy. Financial independence doesn't mean you are a non productive member of society, get it straight, with money comes responsibility, great money, great responsibility.
***but you are Blanche*** Maturity includes not touching the stove because it's hot. Indulging in super well thought out fantasy about what is wrong with being gay and what if you would not have to face it won't change who you are. You will be gay until death. Sorry but that is the truth of it.
Husband and I are married, monogamous and he isn't attractive either. Trifecta
I think there was a power differential in your ex-relationship. Your boyfriend used apps and when you objected he lied. He is using his age and power to instruct you on our feelings, actions, and behavior. He is not honoring you as having the same rights, abilities and power that he has in the relationship. So, if you go back, you should keep your eye on the power dynamics.
If you go back, remember why you broke up in the first place. He cheated, he lied, he told you it shouldn't bother you.
Dude, Your boyfriend probably isn't going to be ok with having intimate sex acts become public sex acts if he is really shy around other people. I get that you are trying to find ways inside your relationship to scratch that itch you have identified as "needing and wanting some attention", But you need to really focus on your relationship's health while you figure this out. Your boyfriend's perspective might be totally private. For example, I am an emotional extrovert. Meyer's Briggs ENFP. Even though I have at times craved just the sort of thing you are talking about I have never had sex in front of other people. Side Note: Face to Face people watching in the same room can easily turn into touching, boundaries being skirted, unplanned sex and emotional turmoil. So if you are anything like me, you really want the other guys to want you. (Like the old song, "I want you to want me"). Flirty, Sexy behavior on your part is really designed to fish for compliments, validation, and positive feedback about your worth, value, and attributes. (Total Leo Thing if you ask me) You want the attention, but losing your primary relationship for a momentary lift in self esteem might not be a good exchange. So Pump the brakes Narcissus; NOSCE TE IPSUM (Latin means KNOW THYSELF). You need to understand intimately what it is that you desire, what it is that you seek, and what it is going to do to you once you get it. Think it through bro. See it from your boyfriend's shy side. Most of the people you want attention from have little or no investment in your future. He does. Figure it out man. Good Luck
Flowers, Candy, and a nice cologne you like to smell on him. PURRFECT.
HUGS BRO, Today is a new day. Review how you made the decision, I think you can enjoy sex without the Cocaine, I think you can get sex from willing co-conspirators instead of paying a sex worker, and I think that some emotional investment into someone willing to have a relationship will give you tremendous peace of mind about STD/STI potentials. So begin developing people into dating situations instead of waiting for your inner horn dog to run the show again. Don't hate you bro......don't blame your desire for sex or a good time. That isn't the problem. The problem is finding some available safe outlets before you wind up so horny you would fuck whether you really think it is a good idea or not.
I liked what RuPaul said, "I live Pride every day". If you have ever been beaten up by a group of people because you are gay, if you have ever been fired for it, been ridiculed for it, called the police and them refuse to help you because of it, denied a place to live or a loan you were qualified for because they figured out you were gay, then you too have "lived Pride every day". Silence = Death. When I heard President Obama's second Inaugural Address, I freaked out when I heard him say, " We the people declare today that the most evident of truth that all of us are created equal -- is the star that guides us still; just as it guided our forebears through Seneca Falls and Selma and Stonewall;" It was then that I knew that **we had made a difference.** He compared the LGBT Riot at the Stonewall Inn in New York to BLOODY SUNDAY, when 600 Civil Rights Marchers were stopped marching to the Capitol in Montgomery by the STATE POLICE. He paid homage to those americans who had to FIGHT to obtain equal treatment from our Govt. our Law, and our Society. I am glad that life is easier these days. I am glad to see gay kids in big cities not afraid to stand up act up and be out. It is a HUGE deal.
^Truth!!
Never happen, I'm a one off
Ok, the problem is with your expectations. This app is known for extremely shallow, non-affirming behavior for lots of reasons. You need to do some fact to face interaction in order to get honest feedback. In all seriousness I am sure you are just fine, it isn't you, it is Grindr.
He might have some issue with your potential response. One doesn't generally 'come out' to the most important people first, one comes out to the least important people first, in the off chance that something goes wrong. Saving you for later, after he got some feedback and felt pretty good about it, might have been necessary. I know that I had trouble coming out to guys who I had any feelings for.
Yeah, large anonymous online presence coupled with all the repressed gay identity isn't a good formula for honest feedback. You get catty, witty, sarcastic, popularity driven comments that have more to do with the reply poster's desire for recognition than anything factual like your facial features and how you look.
Grats bro. Must be nice!!
Gotta manage expectations bro. What are you doing? What guys do you pick? How do you make "connections"? So, you have to walk before you can run right? So you need to date before you can find a husband (Hostage, prisoner, victim, what have you). So in order to go on a successful date, you have to go on some unsuccessful ones as well. See where this goes? Schedule some PLATONIC type dates. Plan to go on one every other friday. That gives you twenty six chances a year to find a guy who wants some of the same things you want. Now....let everyone know about your plan, schedule and availability. That is your bi-weekly mission. FIND a guy to go on next Friday's date. Also FIND a place to go. Bookstore, Cafe, Coffeeshop, hiking, twenty six opportunities to go have a fun date with someone. You do that.....and you will be able to make a connection with one of them bro. Good Luck
Glad you are happy and doing well. It is hard enough to grow up without the gay thing...but we all had it.
^^ So Sweet /u/Arpisti Thank you
Not just pecs, guns, legs, glutes, ***BALLS***... Yeah /u/6James is right....not symmetrical at all...and don't need to be. The human body is really beautiful "in motion" but we forget that because of the IMAGE.
Congratulations! Breathe the free air!
It is insidious and underground, it can lead to sex addiction, it is largely the way we interact and think about our own self worth. Growth is hard, and requires hard work to sustain. Your body is your body, it really is fine for membership into the human race, the problem is the mind.
LOL @ Skin Flute.
