I pledge allegiance to the House sound. I'm going with Carl Cox.
ITT: downvote anyone who's okay with short preview ads. Pathetic.
Tell me more about how you'll consider switching to HBO, because I'm pretty sure they do this already.
Either that or a live version of "Flash."
La La Land, Flash, Shake &amp; Pop, Harmageddon and Pillz should get you going.
Same tent, same canopy. You. I like you.
I wouldn't doubt it. Haha
That's great. He's got my vote.
Why? That's how things work. If you want it, you have to pay for it.
JUST DO IT! WHATRYOUWAITINGFOR?!
I'm not making any guarantees, but what part of northern Illinois?
Ok. You continue to be naive. No sweat off my back.
Are you 15? Because it shows.
The addiction is real, future family.
I never doubted you, L!
I'll have one of Gibbs or Bronson, please.
WELL SAID! That thread from yesterday that you mentioned was shitty. Glad to see it called out.
That's pretty awesome. Happy anniversary. You couldn't pick a better place to celebrate!
Besides BTSM (of course), which set should I absolutely, positively, not miss at EF?
Word. Will do.
Not all of Green Velvet's music is on Spotify is all I meant. I get exactly what you're saying; Bassnectar is bigger than GV. That much is true. At the same time, you can't discount GV by saying he's a very small name, as stated in your original post. It's all good, though. I still got love for you and Bassnectar. I'll be at both sets for sure.
Good deal. Thanks again. See you in a few weeks.
Who knows. Everyone's got an opinion.
Fill it with ecstasy and call on me. I'll be there.
She Just Likes To Fight
These are great. I bought one! Thanks!
Adaptive Rotation Lock is one of the first apps I install on any Android phone. Great choice.
Fam.
For the inevitable return to camp at 3 am?
Thanks!
Garage sales. We picked up four queen-sized sheets for $3.
Look into the Xiaomi Yi camera. I just purchased mine. It's a lot cheaper and reviews are pretty good.
Same here! I just picked up the Xiaomi Yi camera. It'll be here tomorrow. I'm just about set.
Does it grind your friend's gears? Because that's what matters most...
This guy sounds like a prick. Hopefully there's no need to remain friends with him after the Forest. Good luck to your friend!
I'm saying screw it and having a blast wherever I end up. Conflicts be damned.
Yeah, if I had an extra ticket, I'd try to make an extra buck off of a random. I won't lie. But a friend of mine? Face value, or less than face value, just pay for gas or Spicy Pie for the weekend. Shady people gonna shade.
I picked up the white ones. These blue ones are nice, though. May have to pick them up as well.
Solar-powered?
It's Michigan, I doubt you'll have trouble finding good bud. Last I heard it was 30 for an eighth? Your mileage may vary, of course. I'm riding clean and planning to pick up there.
Just ask "AM I BEING DETAINED?" over and over again. Then they have to let you go. /s
It's my first time, but I doubt we'll have trouble.
Dick's has their 10x10 Quest canopy on sale for $50 right [now](http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2935027&amp;cp=4406646.4413993.4414966.35612666&amp;categoryId=13086151).
Shit, I pay $60 for an eighth in Chicago. $35 is nice.
Thanks. Purchased a five pack. When do you think it'll arrive? Before the forest?
I look forward to meeting you! :)
Diplo called my wife a hood rat on Twitter once. He's awesome.
I haven't received anything, either. All in good time, my friend.
[Here](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00CWZE642/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_1DhCvb0MMPH3R) is the mattress I picked up for the Forest. Reviews are great and they're not made of PVC so they don't lose air. I filled it up and left it up overnight. I didn't notice any air loss.
How big do you think it is?
I haven't even received tracking information yet. I'm not worried though. They'll be here in good time. Thanks for the info!
But you lived?
Oh I will. I'll have my Blackhawks hat on!
Eh, I may be in the minority, but most repeat posts don't bother me. Personally, I think the "friendly reminders" irk me more than anything.
I'm just outside of Chicago, but haven't gotten mine. My buddy did and he lives ten minutes away from me. I'm not worried though.
How old are these wrestling posters? Like Ultimate Warrior/Hulk Hogan/Andre the Giant old... or NWO era old?
I read lockers as hookers and was immediately intrigued. Sigh.
No worries! I'm just a bit behind. :)
Grape, menthol, atmosphere and I can't remember the rest. Excited to try them all though!
Aren't you special.
I'm expecting no service whatsoever and that's okay.
Hi, DJ Hanzel. I haven't even started yet. How much of a pain is it on a scale of 1 to 10? My wife offered to do it but I don't know if her sewing skills are up to snuff.
I've been a subscriber for a little more than a year. I'm also a first time attendee. Are these chills I'm experiencing normal?
I've seen Future Islands twice but never in a festival setting. I hate having to decide between the two.
Nice! Thanks!
YES! Agreed.
I don't think anyone can definitively answer that. Life's a risk, carnal.
Definitely not condoning fireworks; you'd have to be an idiot to bring fireworks to the Forest. Someone will inevitably do it.
Can I bring non-flammable fireworks? Also, I never paid for my tickets, and they haven't arrived. Do you think I should send Front Gate smoke signals?
Two words: DAY MAN!!
Ok?
Thank you. A voice of reason.
Don't lie.
I just got home. We had to leave early because of our kids, but wife and I had an absolute blast. We'll be there again next year, for sure. I'm sorry to hear about the issues other people experienced, but we had a great time.
Me three. It was an amazing experience and worth every dollar.
I mean, he was okay. Pretty much what I expected.
I have to respectfully disagree with you. This was not a "bro fest." I had an amazing time and met some incredible people. No "bros." It sucks that you had a shitty time, but you're just the vocal minority.
I had a very positive experience. A couple of our neighbors were not-so-cool, but they didn't rob from us, so we're lucky for that, I suppose. We got there late Thursday but only waited in line or about 15 minutes before we were at camp. We didn't even get searched. Set up and we were inside the venue by 10pm. I didn't go there with a specific plan. I just let the Forest dictate the plan, and I had an amazing time. I had a couple of artists I really wanted to see and I accomplished my mission. Not everyone had a shitty time.
Gotcha. We're considering rv camping or GL for next yr.
I bought a couple of USB cables off monoprice and they were shit quality. They wouldn't hook onto my phone. Good thing they were cheap.
Probably not, but thanks. I don't care what festival you go to, you're never going to get away from bros. To say the whole festival was full of bros is bs. It's far from the truth.
Ok, guy. Whatever you say. If it means not seeing you in the forest, then I'm cool with it.
Claude Vonstroke for sure. Edit: spelling
Who put the sand in your vagina?
Then we're good. Later, guy.
10/10
YES! SO GOOD. Thanks for reminding me. :)
Cops were so chill. One of my favorite parts of the fest.
Ended up in camp access somehow. We were 2 minutes away from the entrance. We got in at 7pm Thursday, too. We were pretty cramped but didn't mind one bit. It was a nice trade-off.
Why do you need feedback if you've already decided not to return next year? I had an excellent time and while I wanted my neighbors to shut off the music sometimes, I understood that I was at a music festival and this type of shit happens. I put in my ear plugs and fell asleep. No problems.
Not bad at all, but you've already said you made up your mind. Do you want us to change your mind? This wasn't a hippie love-fest. Sorry if that's what you were looking for. I know and understand that I sound like a prick right now, but I had an excellent time. There are people on here complaining about their shitty time like it was all the Forest's fault. There's bad seeds everywhere you go. People shouldn't act like this is some big surprise.
And I feel horrible about it. What's your point? Edit: I get your point. It was a horrible thing that happened. Truly.
Sorry. I came off negative and didn't mean to. Balls were definitely dropped and I think and hope that they will get their shit together for next year. There's no way that people who didn't have wristbands should be able to camp there and as a result force paying customers to camp in overflow. It's unacceptable.
I didn't meet anyone from Reddit either. I wanted to, but I didn't have the opportunity to go camp kilowatt. I did see plenty of flags and totems I recognized though. 2016 for sure.
Absolutely. Go for it!
All good. To each his own. I guess the way I see it, the details laid out in the second paragraph of your comment are exactly the reasons why I wouldn't want to bring my kids to the Forest. I know my group did its part and more to keep the Forest clean, so no worries there, either. Here's hoping for a happier Forest in 2016!
FYI - I was able to bring in 2 frozen bottles of water per entry without any issues. I didn't need to use the water stations nor did I have to buy water. Just food for thought for next year.
i was there dancing my ass off!
Who said they were?
Can you play offline?
Lulz
You're so smart, bro.
I don't play online at all. Fuck me, right?
My thoughts exactly. I haven't needed to play online at all, but I can see why people are upset.
Because "Broad City" is good?
But muh guns!
He went there.
Check out the web site and determine it for yourself, buddy.
I'm pretty sure you linked to the original song twice (Americano).
This guy knows what's up.
[Here's](https://open.spotify.com/user/rudym55/playlist/5uJhBW8JRYhEoBUcJFSvv5) a playlist I put together of MixMag's top tracks of 2015. Some tracks aren't on Spotify, but there's plenty to sink your teeth into!
You're absolutely right, but it's fun to think about.
Yup. Our boss does the same. It's appreciated.
Oh, get off your high horse. No one cares.
Yes, and plenty of people don't. What do you expect to accomplish by going on and on about how it's illegal, and how we "should support the developers." OP made it clear they don't give a shit, so why should you? What do you get out of it, besides acting all high and mighty and superior to the rest of the world?
By all means, but you must understand that you come off as extremely condescending. If it works for you, then keep at it. Just realize you're not making a difference in the grand scheme of things.
You're doing God's work, son.
"Pena ajena" in Spanish. Very similar!
Why be sorry? Shit happens. You move on.
Sure, that might play a part in it, but this subreddit has thin skin when it comes to flash carts and scalpers. If anyone is supportive of flash carts, downvotes to hell. If someone doesn't believe that scalpers are as big a problem as this subreddit makes them out to be, downvotes to hell.
What shitty attitude? I'm not seeing it.
This whole fucking thread is cancer defined.
You're not allowed to complain a straight to Netflix movie? I don't get it.
I loved the shit out of the first. I picked up part two at midnight on release, played it for about an hour and just... stopped. I never finished it. It was too much of the same.
You keep saying it's disgusting, but I don't see why...
I'm left pocket handed right.
Santigold's first album.
Obligatory "you must be fun at parties" comment.
You literally have no idea how this will affect The Onion, but please, do tell!
All right, man. I tried. Take care.
I love Fallouts 3 and 4, but I did not enjoy Fallout New Vegas. You are not alone. I absolutely loved KOTOR though. You're on your own with that one. Edit: spelling
10 minutes east of the Brown's Chicken Massacre.
I bought dry ice at my local grocery store. I love roughly five hours away. Dry ice was still intact four days later. Look for it at a grocery store near you. I feel like lots of people will try to purchase closer to the fest, and you might miss out.
Nice try, Hillary.
Not to mention his edits are cringy as fuck.
2PL4UUCLW4FFGBA0QF0PE23 Thanks!
WJVMGQY271ERTXKZV4W6TNM Thanks!
I used code 23. I'm looking forward to using this with my son. Thanks!
Keep it simple, stupid.
When keeping it real goes wrong.
I saw them at Pitchfork five years ago, and to this day, it's my favorite festival show ever. All My Friends live is amazing.
*Falsehood flies, and the Truth comes limping after it.*
Ok.
He's a troll. Pay him no mind. Dude belongs in /r/iamverysmart.
I wanna punch the shit outta this assbag.
I got my early birds in Febvember.
That's not how life works, though.
Did you ever have any doubts about him? It's hard to feel for the family, especially now that his wife was charged.
Agreed.
Likewise!
I loved the name E.L.E. for Busta's album. It fit it perfectly. Fuck this list.
Yeah, there is no point in planning your day down to the minute. Let the Forest guide you!
Febvember 3f. Bet on it.
Arlington Heights checking in!
I ran into my doppelganger once. I had to do a double triple take. People often tell you they ran into someone who looks just like you, but when they show you a picture it looks nothing like you. This time, I was a bit unsettled since he literally looked just like me.
Definitely. I think there's plenty to keep us busy.
You're very much one of the good ones.
Or use a ziplock bag. Works just as well.
Balloons? They'd stand out for sure.
Not sure about that, unfortunately. If I recall, I did see a campsite or two with balloons last year. If I saw them towards the end of the weekend, I don't remember.
20ft.
Shhhhh.... you're disturbing the narrative.
Truthfully, no one gives two shits who you and I vote for.
Ok. Glad to hear you care about me. :)
He's flip-flopped plenty already, and he still has a rabid fanbase. He could say and do anything and it wouldn't matter to most.
Literally.
Same as my Reddit handle.
Very timely! I'm sure you'll have a grrreat time regardless.
Before the festival FOR SURE.
I think it's time to delve deeper into the EF Spotify playlist.
I printed it out and laminated it. Easy peasy.
Sure can. They don't check ids or anything like that.
Says who?
Your opinion lost. Get over it.
We had to pick up a friend in GR last year, so we took that same route. It wasn't bad.We didn't see many cops until we were closer to the fest.
Nine days for me as well! Everyone do the happy dance!
If you're staring at a dj, you're doing it wrong. Edit: I love how we preach upvoting in this sub, but as soon as someone admits they don't give a shit about totems, that all goes out the window. That's all right. I still love ya'll. Downvote your little hearts away.
Agreed, but if it's DJ Joe Schmoe who cares? Unless it's Jon Hopkins or someone of that caliber, I really don't care. I'm there to dance and get the fuck down, not stare at the DJ. That's just me tho. You do you.
Maybe so, but it happens every time I mention it, no matter the wording. Edit: case in point. No idea why anyone would downvote this comment. Ya'll are a trip. (I hope that wasn't too condescending.)
Wait why is that a bad thing?
It happens every time this thread pops up (which is every other week). I've given my opinion before and its always downvoted no matter what I say. I've said before totems don't bother me and before you know it, the downvotes start flowing in. This sub has an irrational hatred for totems and I think it's silly. I'm not going to apologize for thinking that. I guess it's okay to tell people that having totems is the wrong way to party, but not the opposite.
Ok. Isn't telling people to what to do with their totems essentially telling them they're doing it wrong?
It's all good. I appreciate the discussion as well. I got nothing but love for everyone and everything in here, totems included. You make a very valid point about totems in front. I never considered that and it makes perfect sense. Happy Forest!
Maybe. Watching the performance is not my priority. I'm there to dance, walk around, and talk to people. All that other good stuff. That's not a knock on anyone else's preference, either. It's just my personal opinion.
It's going to be a clusterfuck when they turn around the two that didn't buy an early arrival pass.
Pretty glad I don't know who either is.
Yeah, it'd suck for my wife and I, as our friends purchased in time so theirs are legit for sure. Luckily, I know where this individual works and I have his Facebook information. It's not a 100% guarantee but it's as close as we'll get to one. Fingers crossed!
Savage.
All of them?
What?
I live in a blue state so no need to vote for either. Lucky me.
Cool. I don't agree with you at all.
I'm still waiting for the drop.
Sleep is for the weak, bruh.
If you use Spotify, play the Rap Caviar playlist. It's my go-to.
Eh, they'll do it anyway.
I'm not saying you're right or wrong, but it's still your opinion.
She'd probably suggest I pack the pasta salad in a soft cooler.
Filthy pleb.
She was probably lost in his dapper smile.
She was able to catch a shot of him with her camera before he took off.
This is a winner. I would also add some jalapeño as I like a kick in my food. Thank you!!!
At least until Trump and his group of amazing people are able to vet the internets. /s
Ok now you're asking for the moon.
It still answered your very question, didn't it?
Not a big Bassnectar fan myself, but I've seen him twice including last year. I've never had any issues with his fanbase. I'm also not the type to be anywhere near the front so that might have something to do it.
I first saw him in 2009 at Lolla and he blew me away. It was also my first festival experience. I really enjoyed his set last year, but a friend had a bad trip and we had to exit. I think you should definitely check him out of you're interested. It's an electric show.
I'm cool with them too. Shit, I welcome then with open arms.
Buddy of mine got tix for the Chicago show. I'm going!
Hype Williams
You'll definitely be able to unload it. I say go for it.
In that case, I def think you'll be make your money back and more if you choose to go that route.
same as my username.
It's my plan, but I'm okay with being out in the back where it's open. Maybe it's because I'm older but I can't be in front or in the crush of it all anymore.
Trees was a good time last year.
I like those shorts. Where do you get them?
I'm not sure I understand why you're scared if you're driving clean. What does Georgia plates have to do with it?
Ah. Gotcha. I'm a dummy. Like someone else said, use Waze.
Color me shocked.
"The power of Christ compels you."
Fair enough.
Note that the RV cannot leave once parked. If you have a tag along car, you're good.
Probably exactly how he reacted when the protester tried to jump on stage with him, by jumping into the secret service's arms.
Hater's gon' hate.
Can't beat that.
I'm sorry. I meant we're leaving DP Wednesday night into Thursday morning. We're doing RV camping so don't really feel the need to rush in. Plus, we all have kids we need to put to bed. Ha.
Niiiice. Maybe we'll run into each other at the Forest.
Wish everyone you see a "happy forest" and throw them a highfive.
Inadazed
Love the name!
My watch says 8:38. What about yours?
Why don't people just purchase dry ice where they're coming from? What do you gain by waiting except for risking not finding any?
I can't imagine someone driving through GA would annoy anyone that much. No worries!
I saw a pair of crapped draws in the port o potty. Good times. Not really tho.
Baauer was amazing. Major Lazer was incredibly disappointing. They started out strong but killed the entire set with their backstreet boys dance at the end.
Who cares if you had fun. Someone else didn't and they don't want you too either. /s
There's no guarantee that the earlier you get there the better spot you'll have.
To each his own, bruh.
All the trap in the lineup caused the storm. The storm felt the need to bump Molly all night long.
Seriously. All this trap hate is ridiculous. There's plenty music there for everyone. I couldn't give two shits about jam bands, but you won't see me telling the Electric Forest subreddit they need to have less of it. I don't understand what's so hard about walking past a trap set you don't care for towards a different set you DO care for. Save all that nonsense.
Thanks? I think?
Happy Forest! See you next year!
I don't like how my last response came out, so I apologize. As someone who detests Lolla, I strongly believe EF is far from it. Are there more mainstream artists at EF? Yup. Will mainstream artists bring mainstream audiences? Yup. Is it ever going to be the festival it originally started out as? Probably not. I think at some point people have to accept that the festival is going to evolve, and evolving includes going mainstream.
I used a fanny pack this year because someone stealing out of my bag is my biggest fear. Worked like a wonder.
I ran out of chorizo for my eggs in the morning. Shit was crazy.
Not sick, but ridiculously tired this morning. My body needs a full day's sleep to recoup.
"this is where I feel alive" hit me in the soft spot, cause it's true.
This is great to hear. My wife and I tend to stay close during the festival, as I'd rather not risk anything happening to her (or vice-versa) but it is nice to be able to do your own thing. We go with friends, so maybe we'll give it a shot next year. There are no trust issues, mind you, we just want to be safe. Thanks!
Yes! Having no cell service really helps. We usually have to wake up super early to call the kids (since there's actual cell service at 7am) but other than that it's really nice to be disconnected from society and just focused on yourselves. Edit: misspelled a word
We're both right there with you as far as being mentally and physically drained. We always come home on Sunday because we have kids and we find it hard to be away from them for more than three days, so more power to those who can make it through all four days. We went camping with the kids a few weeks ago and we didn't plan well. We ended up pissed at each other for several different reasons (she forgot this and I forgot that, etc.) and while the kids had the times of their lives, wife and I had a couple of arguments that took away from it all. At the Forest, we were able to discuss and work out our differences (not that they lingered, but they did) and now we are in a much better place. I love the Forest and its magic!
Therein lies the difference.
Even though I only meet one or two people from Reddit at the Forest, I still feel inexplicably connected to each and everyone of you and that's a beautiful thing.
I stumbled upon them with my group and we danced our asses off. One of my favorites of the weekend.
I live in the Northwest suburbs and I'm good. Don't feel the need to ever leave.
I don't remember the name of the vendor but it was definitely sold onsite. Sorry I can't help.
I'm happy to hear it worked out in the end. Couples will always squabble. You just have to remember that you're both there for each other, and the little things don't matter much in the big picture. :)
They're still going on and on about Bernie with their snarky selves.
Oh hey, another totem post.
Sicario. I've been putting it off, but I really enjoyed it.
OK, /u/TRUMPATTACKS. If you say so.
If it's mounted I imagine you would be okay, but I don't know.
Bullshit.
Electric Forest is a must. Nice variety of music and a pretty cool crowd.
I've never had anyone tell me they're bringing banana bread over. You're lucky.
What does this even mean?
I'd crowdfund that.
You guys really gotta get over Hillary. It's kinda sad.
Besides opening up my wallet, I have no experience in crowdfunding. Sorry.
I'm just trying to showboat.
I get what you're saying, but it's not like these assholes killed the teen in cold blood, like a few cops have actually done to black men. I'm not defending these assholes either, so I hope it doesn't come off as such. I hope they're charged with hate crimes.
I don't disagree with you. I was only speaking to your point about white people rioting in the streets. We should hold cops to a higher standard than random assholes from the streets.
Nothing. Absolutely nothing will change.
I want to believe you intentionally misspelled ridiculous only because that's how Fuckface Von Clownshit spelled it.
"You pathetic losers need to come together and unify."
He's deflecting and trying to distract. Fuck this guy.
I can't take you seriously.
Oh, why don't you fuck the fuck right off?
OH. In that case, who gives a flying fuck what you think.
Yeah. They just confirmed they did not vote. Too ashamed to vote for Fuckface, I suppose.
Like I said, FUCK YOU very much.
Holy shit. You really compared their hands? Why? What was your line of thinking? I'm genuinely curious.
They're throwing the name "Esteban Santiago" out on CNN right now so who knows.
I'd say key-keh but I'm not sure either way.
I liked that North Coast would book acts that Lolla would then book the following year. I hope they can start doing this again.
Relevant username is relevant.
It's okay, comrade. No cry for Melania.
Trying, bruh.
I wonder if that's the end game. Either that or he resigns and leaves Pence as president.
FAKE NEWS! (Am I doing it right?)
Thx
Are you going to compare it with what Trump has done?
[Here](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-healthcare-rally-gallery-20170115-photogallery.html) are some pictures of the rallies. I know you were interested in seeing them yesterday.
It won't be long before Trump gushingly praises Putin in a tweet.
I would've guessed bottom but who knows.
"Truth matters." Not to Trump and his minions.
The irony of Trump calling someone else a liar.
Cool username, bro.
It's a shame people had to vote for him out of spite. Guess what? We're dealing with it. Life goes on.
I'm sure you're genuinely concerned about gay and black people.
How am I deflecting? I think the comments calling for her death because Trump is president are scary as shit.
*Tremendously triggered.*
It'd be nice if /r/politics put in some kind of restriction on newly created accounts. Oh well.
Who cares. Liberal tears and all that jazz.
Lots of blame to go around, buddy.
Probably not until Monday since he's taking the weekend off.
I'd say racist pigs, but I don't wanna come off as a smug, elitist liberal. Oh fuck it. They're racist pigs.
Hardly a disgrace. A disgrace would be forcing them to attend.
They'll tell you they "had to work." Low energy! Sad!
/s
Does Breitbart count?
Not all of us.
Nah.
No idea where you got any of that, but I hope you feel better for getting it out of your system. :)
A very crappy comparison. It's just Gary trying his damnedest to deflect.
"I need to be sure. Let me grab your pussy." - Donald Trump
Trash cans have feelings too.
You. I like you.
Thanks for your contribution.
Didn't mean to trigger you, little guy. Sorry.
So was I. It's no excuse.
I hope you didn't spend too much time on this analogy because it blows.
&gt;*TRIGGERED*
Why do you ask?
FOH with your faux concerns. Stick to your safe space over at /r/the_duped.
Back to my original point: work on your Spanish, buddy. Have a good one!
Dude is trying real hard to remain relevant.
*"dismayed"* Fuck you, Republicans. -America edit: formatting
Is he though? I feel like his actions betray his words day after day. I hope I'm wrong but I'm losing hope.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We've heard it all before from you, McCain. All talk.
Your comment chills me to the bone.
Me neither, pal.
It's incredibly embarrassing.
It's sarcasm, bud. I'm with you.
All good. Fuck Donald Trump and fuck his wall.
I would be incredibly elated if this were to happen.
That's a solid point.
Agree to disagree.
AGREE TO DISAGREE
Listen to what exactly?
I get that, but I'm really tired of hearing that I'm liberal scum so I've tuned them out. I get the anti-establishment feelings and wanting to blow up the system but why this fucking guy? Why Trump? He's the scum. Not me.
Nah. Not literally. Just like a cold chill down my back.
I've heard that too.
Middle-class here. I haven't gone anywhere so I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Still pissed at my brother who couldn't be bothered to vote because "Why? Hillary. Trump. They're all the same."
Our sitting president is an international joke.
I'm sure they already do. He's weirdly obsessed with Milo Yiannnapoloulis or whatever his name is.
Lol. You're good. You almost had me.
How was that in any way dramatic?
&gt;Haha. Take that, liberal.
#NoKatBan
Fair and square is out for debate. By your logic, if you took Russia out the equation, then Bannon wouldn't be president.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. - Abraham Lincoln
I'll have to try it sometime.
You know the false equivalency was coming. Trump's dwindling base needs something to latch onto.
I'm sure some who voted for him are regretting it (not a lot mind you, but some). I won't argue with you as far as them being humiliated. Imo, they deserve the humiliation.
I'm sorry you have to deal with these people. All the Trump supporters I know are FB acquaintances so I don't have to deal with them directly.
Gotcha. Thanks!
“I can definitively say the president is not a liar, and frankly I’m insulted by that question.” Fuck you, Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Fuck you very much.
OP *wants* Trump to shit in his/her mouth.
Speak for yourself.
Holy shit. Your response made me laugh out loud. Literally. Thank you.
I used to work in a car wash in high school and whenever it rained we would close. In turn, I'd get the day off. Ever since then I love rainy days.
Local suburbs.
What?
Boy if this isn't proof that God don't exist, then I don't know what will get through your noggin.
Already way ahead of you. I deleted mine months ago.
Unlucky for the White House, I don't believe a word out of their collective mouths.
What a fucking shit sub.
Not I.
Should've let Spicer meet the pope.
Another reason why Twitter sucks.
I have it on good authority that Trump is, like, really smart and a genius.
What?
Republicans are shit eaters. Fuck 'em all.
What's race got to do with it?
But it's not disrespectful. I don't need no stinking article telling me why kneeling is disrespectful. It's only disrespectful if you're a fucking moron.
My god. The man is a mad GENIUS!
But Q told us he's already in Switzerland or some bullshit.
"dot-communists" Creative!
Assuming he's man enough to take questions in the first place. The coward won't.
Emotionally Unstable
How much?
TIL cows are boobs.
Flynn Izzy ft that ft ft yjb definitely in hdxxty jonfd D's xgbbii
Right on. I'll try to be more mindful of my phrasing.
I'll take boring any day over this current brand of nonsense.
Jesus Christ, Marie! They're /r/minerals.
Miniature cooking videos. They drive me crazy.
Mobb Deep - Quiet Storm
I think you meant "frigid," Melania.
Do you have sources for your anecdotes?
All I asked for is reliable sources. Sorry if that doesn't work for you, bud.
Your biased anecdotes mean jack shit to me. Four articles, three of which are from propaganda outlets. The fourth is demonstrably false. Gonna have to do better than that bud. No matter, it's obvious you want to live in your little bubble. Have a great day, sir.
So irrelevant you spent all this time on lil' ol me. I'm glad we can both agree like adults that this shithole is full of morons. Have a good day, sir.
Speaking about irrelevant opinions... :)
Relevant username is fucking relevant. You're a piece of work you are.
Glad you thought out your response over sleep. Good morning, bb.
I agree this is useless on all fronts. Truce?
Pizzagate redux. Another offshoot of /r/t_d.
k.
What type of stupid ass link is this. I can't share it for shit.
Stable genius. Uncle is very nuclear. He's knows the nuclear, ok?
Salty af.
Yeah... Something's off.
Will the attendees to Trump's gala tomorrow get refunds?
You didn't get it?
&gt;Why for did you say this?
This administration is so inept, they can't even agree on a proper hashtag. Fuckabee Sanders used ShumerShutdown and this fat slob went with something completely different.
Are you 12?
&gt;Make fun of trump all you want, **he is in off is** but this is just insulting people who voted What?
Amazing, isn't it?
You guys are all sharing the same comment ad nauseum. Sad.
I'm willing to wager it's complete ignorance.
Nah. I'm good. Your faux concern is noted though.
People working without pay give a fuck, but what do I know.
How dare you.
What if we go to celebrate?
I'm Eric!
Maybe the GOP should try bipartisanship and compromise. Easy peasy.
Works well enough for me.
Buffering.
I've seen people my age fall for it (mid-30s). What's worse is when you try to tell them it's probably a scam and they say "Oh well. It won't hurt to try."
Yes.
Those videos where they cook tiny, miniature food dishes. I get red just thinking about them.
Oh. It's this post again.
Lots of people saying the Dems were played, but Trump could've had his wall too. He lost out on it by being a fucking pancake.
"I didn't vote for Trump. No way."
Lol. Riiiiiiiight.
Happy cake day.
So far, Trump supporters are lobbing death threats at CNN, this Dr. and Islamic centers. Anyone or anything else?
And here I thought ISIS was dead and gone.
Totally agree with you; however, personally speaking, I think the longer the shutdown went on the worse it looked for the Dems. I won't hold my breath hoping Turtle keeps his promise but at least he's on the record and if we need to, we shut down the govt again.
/r/superbowl
So he slinks away like the orange coward that he is. Win win.
You hope to see Hillary got arrested? Does not compute.
Why not? Ninja edit: Downvote away dipshits. :)
That's one possibility.
He also mods /r/modsthatruinreddit. Go figure.
You don't think a liberal would want to see a female president? Why?
That's your opinion and you're certainly entitled to it.
Oh. Ok. Well as liberal I don't see the issue with this.
Seems legit.
"Close"
What also bugs me is that "boss" and "area manager" are capitalized as is "high school."
FIX news sounds a bit disappointed in its headline.
Who's trying to vindicate her? I'm not even worried about her. The only people that bring her up are you types.
Come on now. I have plenty of rational conversations with my six year old. Let's give kids some credit. They know right from wrong.
I didn't downvote you but my guess is your "the sky is falling!!!1" comment isn't helping. We don't even have all the facts yet and you want people out in the streets protesting what exactly?
&gt;Can't tell if joking
I think you're fake news, honestly.
For what exactly? Humor me.
Oh. NOW you believe CNN. PATHETIC.
Oh, that gave me goosebumps. Spooky!
Ok.
"should have"
Gotta get on that SorosPay©, bruh.
Too funny. Fair enough. You, my friend, live in a moronic ass make-believe world where all its shitty occupants believe the fat slob in the White House didn't try to obstruct justice.
I won't go so far as to say it's coordinated, but a lot of new comments are all a variation of "Wray read the memo yesterday and today McCabe is fired. Hmmmm... 🤔🤔🤔." The facts aren't out yet they're really pushing this narrative. It's pathetic, if you ask me.
Fuck Donald Trump
https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/7tvtd1/mccabe_stepped_down_after_pressure_from_fbi/dtfl25y/
Preach.
It's working on the rubes so there's that.
Qwhite interesting!
"slimballs"
What is it with you guys and death threats?
"When you're attacking FBI agents because you're under criminal investigation, you're losing" - SHS
Nice copy pasta, bro.
Lol. Shameful is you thinking in order to be American we can't question our leader's judgement. Piss off.
"Ready? Are you ready? Get 'em outta here. Get him the hell outta here! C'mon security, move faster!"
Hey, a Hillary reference. Shocking.
I'm not trying to pay to listen to this shit. I already pay for Google Music.
Eh, I'm sure you made up your mind already and would defend him regardless.
I don't like it.
That's what I saw.
Why is on Hulu?
Nah.
Advance Wars.
The article covers that.
867-5309
call me, maybe?
Holy shit. If you're serious, you're hilarious.
Those are your feelings on the matter. It's cool. Might wanna brush up on it tho, because he's "President Obama" for life.
Do you get to keep it if you resign? Asking for a friend.
No. You believing he isn't "President Obama"
President Obama is correct, tho.
It is.
No need to apologize, bud. Have a good weekend.
No. He's President Obama. Anyone other questions? Concerns?
Protected by Viper. Stand back.
Lol. You're funny.
I love how these morons are running around now screeching "now what, libs?"
It really is an okay album though.
I like Pitchfork. Fight me.
I'll just sue, dawg.
I have to drive to an off-site meeting with coworkers. I can't tune in. Ugh.
I don't have any sound.
This is Mark Zuckerberg's fault somehow.
So you're saying he flipped?
Not at all.
Saw him last week at TDE Tour in Chicago. Props to him getting his own tournament. Hope it does well.
