Most evangelicals are similarly damaged so they identify. JESUS saves!
Rocky Horror ?
No it's more that he said back in January he gave a million, when in fact he hadn't and probably wouldn't have if not for the reporting. So he's a l i a r
There's no proof of anything he claims. Trump fools just belieive this bozo no matter what
Well that's obvious bullshit. You believe that?
Educate us
Trump was ridiculous today
And his base
Donald will probably ignore this
I guess you didn't notice Trump's a pussy and Bernie spooked him
A check is a check. I've held multimillion $ checks for crying out loud. There's no months and months. Even for a charity. it's not that hard. 21 century banking
Trump looked rattled actually
No he was truly pussylike. This is just some reporters got him calling people names. No man babies in the white house please
&gt;No real issues to attack trump on Funny
Are you sure?
Except that's not true
Losing to Hillary will damage Trump. Who's going to want a loser name on their building? Ivanka says "gee thanks dad for fucking up the brand"
So these revelations _will_ hurt him?
Fairly sure the oppo research has been prepared and just waiting for Bernie to say buhbye
Wow did you interview _everyone_ at that free seminar you went to?
&gt;Most legal experts on TV You do research like trump does research
Ron Paul!!?
Man baby tantrum
Won't happen
Gee I wonder why
And then you get your facts straight
Maybe home depot needs to be taken to court?
This would be congress's doing
Delusional
Real evil eh
Yeah debates don't work like trump rallys
Values like: increased use of torture? Banning Muslims? Nuclear weapons for everybody?
To late. He's fully on record endorsing trump. Unless he deletes the tweet
Stern never said crazy dumb sounding shit like trump has
Yeah in all of that, you didn't actually produce any evidence her server was successfully hacked. Your "true belief" doesn't count
Except he's still respected and sought after
He's sure said a lot of things that have people convinced he got on Clintons server
Nothing there will put her in jail
"I love the poorly educated"
Last time a presidential candidate called for opponent to be jailed? Anyone?
i'm gonna call bullshit and ask you to produce proof of this fact
There's no implication. He's come right out and said that
Stop reading here
He upped his game: he's calling her Lyin' Crooked Hillary now.
You have no idea if what you said is true or not
But but everyone here tells me her guilt is obvious!?
Sorry, This isn't how the legal system works
Handsome man baby
"Torture works. Believe me folks torture works"
To bad you're not constantly around to tell everyone what Trump actually means when he says stupid shit
Every single down ticket Republican will need to answer for the shit trump says
Sounds like an Iraq war vote .. "what else can I Do?". Trump's post mortem will be an embarrassment hard to live down by the GOP
Sounds hyperbolic
Trump will be despised like Romney a year from now
This is _not_ an analogy.
descent?
Very hard to not post a low effort response to this one
I keep reading about Bernie supporters vowing to vote trump
"Donald, you're going to say whatever dumb shit comes into your head anyway, so why should I bother writing this speech?"
The FLOTUS doesn't perform services?
This assumes trump doesn't do something completely stupid, which seems more and more likely
&gt; Admit his mistake Yeah no not gonna happen
It's called "get real"
The swift boating has begun
Do you work everywhere?
What are you quoting there?
You honestly think you can accuse a senator of crimes for their voting record?
Read some history
In his dreams
No he didn't say awful. He said "ugly". Does he talk about men this way?
Likely ?
Wrecked was the word
I'd leave the P for pedo off that list
No idea what this means
Guns are hugely more lethal
Why isnt he using your words?
Incorrect
No
Not that brutal
That's all it was
But he can't win an election
Sorry that makes no sense
Proof?
If you're a young clueless redditor maybe not
This massive risk thing you're on is really laughable
Nobody heavily criticized that speech except poor Donald
The most thought out plan he has is what he's going to watch on TV tonight
Lol good one
Lol right
Amazingly she probably can
Trump only mentioned the judge being Mexican as a reason why he couldn't be fair.
I am going to go ahead and underestimate him. I am nearly certain he's going to self implode in the next 3 months. The primary was easy peasy because he always had a fresh dumb target. He's making up targets now because he needs to rail, and ultimately has no idea how to compete against a smarter woman. Trump brand will be garbage next year.
His supporters who do that are the poorly educated ones he loves so much
OK if they aren't yet classified?
Except that he's now _proved_ himself a racist. It's undeniable. which is going to be a big GOP problem
What "thinly veiled racism" are you referring to? You mean the overt racism?
Get your facts straight
Agreed. It's not crazy if you think like a racist
Your analogy isn't analogous
Many humans hate trump. Therefore literally any judge would be biased?
Baloney
Then GTFO
Actually there exists a much more reliably ignorant generation..
Who says you vote?
Prove it
So Trump needs other people to explain his bullshit because he can't?
Are we taking about rallys here?
What a stretch
Nobody said he started last week. He did say nobody running for president should be using a teleprompter. And now he's using one. All your words don't erase his blatant hypocrisy
He's not talking to anyone on MSNBC any more
My money on Gingrich also. That guys ego is just as big as Donald's and has history with the Clintons
The bandaid is pretty much off already
All those things have already happened
The post mortem is going to be gloriously ugly
&gt; often given the final decision Nope, this doesn't happen for anything serious. The president is responsible for and makes the decisions
Almost any success story starts out with a passionate but talentless individual who would not give up
What about: FBI doesn't recommend indictment. Case closed
Where did you come up with this crazy idea
So you admire an unchanging view on gay marriage
Plurality, not majority
Lol this one made me laff
How does that logic work?
In 2009?
Blackberry sending clear text?
Everyone's interpretation of what she did is different. So much made up stuff
Rumors
Are you claiming she did _not_ use SIPRNet for top secret comms?
Very little reading is occurring like usual at the Reddit
Lol seriously how long is temporary?
What if you are mistaken?
Solid evidence eh?
Or Reddit
Apparently
Bernie... has... no... chance.
And yet this "criminal" has never been charged with any crime
Like you represent all Bernie supporters
"Very different" is incorrect
Yeah that's what you were told
Nepotism means favoring relatives or friends. VP choice will be a friend. So it'll be nepotism no matter what
I wish one of the pundits would ask him about all that
Holy shit. LOL really?
There is only one opinion in this sub
Like every day!
Except that's not true
bazinga
She used a PC. You need to do better research
You should write for a right wing blog
Proof?
Trump is doing what's important for Trump just like when he was donating to the Clintons. So you actually have no idea what he'll do
She's more qualified than anyone else who ran.
What does the word "neocon" mean to you cause you're using it wrong
Trump's already won the nomination
And he's never stopped believing it
Much like some email problems
Can you supply some proof of this claim?
Trump can't win. There's no math that gets him there
Illegal? Or just against rules?
Won't happen
Then why hasn't and why won't she be in jail? Is everyone so utterly incompetent that they can't make literally anything but a blowjob stick?
Just unsubscribe r/politics simple
When did he ever have this "presidential style" to dump?
Warren never claimed to be Native American for some tax credit
Such high expectations of a world leader you have
You're lost in time. That shit hasn't happened for decades
He's really shitty at it too
Cool
Steal what benefits?
To a trump supporter
And then Trump chokes like a dog in the general . And next year nobody will want his endorsement
yeah gonna be some really confused trump-evangelicals
surprise: Not everybody feels like you do
ANd there you have the definition of "temporary"
trump is seriously not as clever as you imagine
you mean plagiarising
well a "temporary" ban on all Muslims imposed 35 years ago might have stopped this one...
so should be easy to deport them all no?
i really don't think he'll get even 40% of American voters
i bet he never says anything about victims being gay or lgbt.
NRA is _totally_ okay with that
I think it was the kiss pushed him over
Literally impossible to stop every last crazy person from killing
I don't think it's so rare that law enforcement stops crimes
He gets pressed in most interviews but he only gives 10 minute phone interviews while he's on the pot and ignores difficult questions
Don't you wonder why trump always needs some apologist to explain his words?
Well there was r/AskReddit, but facts
That's the beauty of this comment. Trump implies both: Obama is Muslim (wrong) and ergo as a Muslim he loves ISIS (wrong)
I dunno. Maybe some things, especially the difficult problems, take time and effort to solve?
Morning Joe hung up on Donald once
How to determine if a person is Muslim?
Are we at war with all of Islam?
Only if they're sane
So we're at war with all of Islam correct?
Alleged. There should be a "may have" in the title
&gt; those who already need our help Would be...?
What would Donald do without you to help him out
That's called "Reddit reasoning"
You mean make it up
She's not being investigated for terrorist activity
Your just making shit up now
"How to win the white house forever"
What's your reasoning?
She's not been under investigation for terrorst links tho so what irony?
Dream on
Don't wake up
It's OK if you're wrong. Report anyway
Of course it is. Some states will BAN same sex marriage if this were to happen
90% not good enough for ya?
That night has bugged Donald every day since
If she has literally broken laws then why isn't she in jail?
Haha you mean the skit someone else wrote and the words someone else said?
Count me as someone who ain't gonna feel bad watching Donald choke like a horse
Trump has said you must utter exactly "radical Islamic terrorism" and Obama only said "radical Islam" so you lose hah
You watched the wrong video
That sounds right to me
His mouth could do that
Prove he's being audited
30% of Republicans isn't all that scary
New York senator. 9/11. Iraq war
Are you suffering some kind of problem here?
He's not.
He'll quit before getting schlonged by a woman and choking like a dog
The hand size standard?
Donald personally paid to send lawyers to Hawaii to hunt the records, and claims to have some secret knowledge about BO he's never released. So Trump wins the nonsense prize no?
He's more masterful than Palin in blowing opportunities
What's he done well?
Funny I can almost hear your guy gagging on the way to full dog-choke
Welcome to Reddit
Did you congratulate him for his prediction?
Of course they did
Or how pathetic Donald's campaign is
He's promised to install SCOTUS judges who will overturn gay marriage rights
Just so you know, trump is an embarrassment
"I've got the best brain"
What - no one taking the ball to explain what Donald _really_ meant. Did I miss it?
"I couldn't beat _this_ guy?" - Jeb cryng into his beer
Like George Herbert Walker
Nonetheless A rated
&gt; at least attempted to be hacked Have you ever looked at your home router's log?
Sorry Newt
But no State Dinner!
sad
Goodness Truly outstanding
DNC didn't nominate her
I kind of doubt there'd be any reporting of Jesus prayer...
But Brussels? Hell hole!
Low energy campaigning
Didn't he say polls are wrong because responders are now embarrassed to say they're for Trump?
GOP centered an entire convention on You Didn't Build That. I think trump's reading problem is fair game
Huh?
Story of r/politics
No it isn't
Not after his purchases
Trump will be choking not winning
Not even "my gays"
Sorry it's a story
The clown level of his primary contenders should alarm the GOP
Trump doesn't do Morning Joe any more.
Everyone? Like how many?
Trump is incapable of apologising so I call bullshit
Your logic escapes me
Reddit logic
Ditto teleprompter usage
Yeah those polls are all gone
It's trump quality world knowledge in here
Did you know SA is a US ally?
Cept that's all in your imagination
Trump's ties and shirts are made in the same shit holes. In fact I bet you wear clothing from such places
Back to the roof big head
Depends on the contract they signed
Not enough millions
Your not literally doing any of that
Keep the hope alive
Only citizens? I knew being a legal immigrant would some day become a detriment
What about legal immigrants?
He needs a rally for his boner
New nickname: Tough Hilary
Look up the definition of founders smart guy
How do you test someone's religion?
"I need this like a hole in the head"
Chuck Toad needs to ask about this
"I need this like I need a hole in the head"
And when they get drunk?
You know who's borderline illiterate? Watch Trump next time he's using a teleprompter
The only one
He can't take donations without owing access and favors, exactly what he's railed against
This is something Bernie would be no good at
He's a multi BILLIONAIRE
If you're in junior high
Non compete. Not the same as "can't talk about me ever"
They're annoyed no actual illegalities were discovered
Literally Everyone was against gay marriage in 2004
She actually didn't say what was quoted
Needed to soak up all the congrats too
Take a look on eBay for Trump cufflinks
If Trump grew wings he could flap em
Funny definition of blackmail
The rallies _are_. getting kinda boring
Please read a book
Nutty logic
Wait for the Clinton ad where we hear Donald tell Howard "Yeah I guess so"
What new facts?
Who's that?
You know he _will_ support Hilary
Can you give an example of something a POTUS could ignore poll wise?
Yeah you don't know a pretty good cross section of people
Which half?
Still no freaking proof
They want a vote
So Bernie's wrong?
Old people?
I don't understand Reddit karma
Ostentatious! I couldn't tell it cost 12k. Could you?
You'd think at least _some one_ will spill and tell if this were true.
I sincerely wish you best of luck in staying poor
Every article calls it a "key email". What's up with that?
The children are citizens. OK to forcefully deport citizens?
absolutely no sense.. They've cried wolf so many times on Clintons. Including murder and pedofeelya. If she's hated that much must be something good
... with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men
Oh the naivety
I know he's going to lose. No assuming
Making Martha Stewart star of the apprentice?
He'll be a great roll model for 13 year old boys
Now we're getting silly
Sadly unlike the title this is not a fact
Trump likes this
Silly
On the planet vulcan maybe
If they're family, trumps good with this
You didn't know who Megyn Kelly is?
Weird typo
Those were questions. You're all in a panty-bind over questions?
This is his best metaphor
Simply No way will Trump get replaced. Not gonna happen
Or the new SCOTUS you'll get stuck with who'll unmarry gay people and shut clinics
Good riddance. Thanks for nothing
Yeah why not just 20$.
Start running for office. Make it happen
Trump plans include more homeless children
Should be as easy as isolating the Muslims
Actually not factually?
Not yet
Yeah I'm so sure this is true
It's almost amusing while annoying at the same time
She'll be your next president
Seriously, It means... NOTHING
How is the autocomplete generated?
Of course they are
That's very possible. Hilary will get more out of Congress than Obama was allowed to
Like free college for everyone?
Exactly What change is that?
Path to citizenship is Something no Republican has ever been for
I thought the us was exceptional
You will lose in this thread
Ah the old self-deportation ruse.
According to Breitbart. Literally nobody gives a shit about what Breitbart had to say
At least Palin performed her memorized answers. Trump will be more entertaining
really?
Shouldn't have been necessary
@CavemanDonald exists
Ya no
Why? she's obviously a supervillain. We need a supervillain who can do anything without reproach
There's good information outside of Reddit
I doubt you'll vote for Trump
Cause a debate is just like a rally
Your mask is slipping
Not really
So we're at war with 1.6 billion? Time to kick out some Muslims??
So you want to steal my money?
Wonderful!
Can't change plans can we
Once Bernie endorses her you will
&gt; ..not want people ... out" You double negged yourself
Really? Everyone's debts forgiven?
Of course it is...
Funny definition of "working"
You mean some one who works for someone that has Monsanto as a client?
Open discussions Haha haha ha
Goofy hat
Ridiculous
So what
So what
Why are you throwing a tantrum?
I thought Trump says you shouldn't telegraph your strategy
Said with such certainty
The same Omarosa who was a huge Hilary supporter just last year?
But you trust Google?
Everyone under 55? Really
Not holding a vote will get who on record?
Cause he got nothing?
Wow. You guys are never ever ever fucking happy are you?
Ask you need to do is prove that shit
You'd think at least one person would appear that could verify your suspicions.
Maybe she doesn't want to give away a speech that others paid money to hear so that every last word could be picked over and reinterpreted?
I really don't understand why nobody gets this.
There are Democrats who've been Democrats longer than Bernie who do not agree with you
Or Trump
Who the heck do you think you are? You're not allowed to have your own opinions.
So Trump's your guy
Bernie will endorse Hilary in under a month
You need to look around
There will be no derailing
For a charity you mean?
So why isn't Trump calling her Killer Hilary?
One could start with winning an election perhaps?
Do you actually believe a Sanders presidency would make any of his policies happen? He'd get treated worse than Obama
What makes you think Bernie would keep his word?
No, actually global warming is...
The purpose of torture is to make someone suffer repeatedly
Why doesn't Tough guy Trump just say he's all in on us beheading our enemies also?
So everyone can torture in future wars?
Get a grip buddy
Not illegal you say?
You mean her family's foundation?
Maybe you mean "Clinton should be doing better"?
No idea what you mean
Problem? I thought GOP wants to eliminate EPA and throw out all those annoying regulations.
No he rescinded
slashing government.. Has he even said that?
It's failed business
He's legally bound not to
Sure
Come on... You know full well Trump was never going to adhere to the pledge
It's Katie Couric has me most upset
to a 14 year old
'cept she didn't do that
TBF he does watch a lot of tv
[Get the leash for tiny dogs](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00Z9OFB7O) doesn't retract with such great force
See this is a lie, WSJ
He won't be educating anyone on Tuesday or Wednesday about hacking
Ah youth
Lol. Nice try
Huh? What do you think a producer does?
Leaking of embarrassing documents they already have?
You sound like Trump
Once they become guys maybe
What happens if your uninsured mom gets hit by a bus?
What wall stops illegals?
_hand to ear_ Who pays?
Why?
Cause Russians and Comey made everyone afraid of Hilary
Trump won't be able to tax Bitcoin transfers
You mean he's ADVERTISING a show he executive produces
By using the presidency to advertise his products?
Really? with dominoes??
Visa Fees and taxes on money Xfers presumably
What are _you_ doin here bro?
Nearly exactly leap motion
Whoosh
Trumpian logic?
Wait till you hear the Apprentice out takes
I hope so because it'd be quite fun to yank the clown around for a few years
Or even without? Yes
He lived up to her description of him
Can you imagine what this woman will look like in ⁴ years?
Facebook didn't delete you
Her history shows She has no interest in promoting public education
Or a really stupid high school kid
Your facts aren't
Not gonna happen. He'd take it to Facebook anyway
You seem very uncertain
Well then you missed the whole thing which is too bad
I dunno. His celebrity apprentices were mostly all D-grade people
With the rolling rrrr
Not even close to similar
Cause cake design is so crazy hard
Very effectively
Isn't that the same thing?
Of course she's miserable
You got it
And not a single Trump vote
Where Sarah Palin in all this?
Thanks to whom?
&gt; sabotaged absurd
Wrong.
This woman started out ugly and it's gotten a lot worse
Uh right
What a mind
What is a "tremendous feeling"?
No idea what you just babbled
She _is_ pretty fucking ugly however
Of course you did
I mean... why? Is this how he wants history to remember him?
Ouch!
No specific preference based on religion. It's not complicated to see the difference
And a non existent vetting crew
Snot distracting . It's amusing
Yeah no. This is bullshit. They don't run out "fast often" and I doubt you interviewed anyone to learn how "disappointed" they were
This will be the defense from here on
Fake fone
Well that would be a Russian accomplishment
Who cares?
Newt Gingrich is crazy; ain't gonna happen
Nothing about VR?
So. Winning! ??
If you ain't a millionaire you must be poor
It's called a gambit
They're udderly brand new
But he is a flaming asshole amirite?
Well we _did_ elect a pussy grabber
And the tweets are full of lies too
