This sounds like it's entirely your fault. You think you're a 'romantic,' but what are you actually doing to demonstrate that? Utterly nothing, it sounds like. You're doing the same thing as the people you resent. You think the kind of ideal partner you'd like to attract, who places great value on commitment, is going to be happy about you "hooking up" with random men so you can "get off"? So it sounds to me that like so many others, you care enough about these supposed 'ideals' to make little posts on the internet and crown yourself with silly titles like "New Age Hopeless Romantic," but are are too lazy or incompetent to exercise them in reality.
Explaining again and again that neither Venezula nor any other country is or has been socialist gets very tiresome after a while. Whether a country is 'really' socialist is something people on both sides spend far too much time whining about. What's incontrovertible is that these countries *attempt* to be socialist, which in my eyes makes their failures just as damning.
I never said otherwise. I don't think capitalists generally believe capitalism means wealth and success for everyone.
What are you talking about? Very low amps for what?
Discharge or no, walking on carpet isn't going to generate a 10,000 Volt potential. (EDIT: I'm wrong, yes it can and will.) And besides, these components tend to be mostly conductors or semiconductors. They wouldn't have very low current discharge if a 10K voltage was applied.
You can see visible arcs and sparking way more vibrant than a static electricity zap just fine from a 12 Volt car battery, which is probably only 6 Volts on each terminal from the ground.
...Well dammit. You know what? I'm completely wrong and you're right. I should have just googled static electricity in the first place. I was thinking of that little machine they have in school labs where you wind it up by hand and move the two metal terminals together until they very visibly arc an inch apart, and thinking there's no way you get 100K Volts on that dinky piece of crap from winding it up by hand for 20 seconds. Thinking of Van de Graff generators. But nope, they're both just simple static electricity and both do indeed get up to voltages that high, as do humans on carpet. I have been humbled.
I am getting really, really, goddamn tired of hearing 'love' and 'hate' preached to me by news outlets, advertisers, and politicians. I am getting really tired of being spoken to like a four year old watching Barney. I am getting really tired of hearing grown, adult men saying "You just need to stop *hating* people and *love* people!" The fact that this has seemingly become the standard argument for a variety of issues by grown, adult men is a staggering display of the idiocy of these people and probably the general population. I am getting really tired of people who don't know the first thing about me thinking they have any business whatsoever telling me 'love' and 'hate' is.
If you don't even know whether you have a conflict or not, it sounds to me like you need to go back and think on things. Every conflict needs a resolution in the sense that you need to introduce something to the audience that wasn't there initially. There's no meaning in a drug addict who has a miserable life as a drug addict and nothing else really happens. That's pointless. It's meaningless. Why are you even talking about it? And that's the question you should ask yourself. Why are you even talking to us (the audience) about this? What do you have to say to us? That being a drug addict sucks? We are already know that a thousand times over. If you're writing a story, it needs to be because you have something to say to the audience. So why are you talking to us about this? What is it that your story has to say?
Yep. It's a big problem. If characters aren't doing much except being a part of a background, you should probably compress your story and get rid of them.
The core of all drama is meaningful conflict and resolution. Start by thinking long and hard and very seriously about what you believe about the world. What's important to you on a fundamental level? What do you believe about the nature of man? The nature of the universe? The nature of love, or of violence, or of science, or of 'society'? The nature of friendship? The nature of loneliness? The nature of power? Of courage? What do you believe? It should be something you believe in on a very deep level, ideally something you can see reflected in your own actions. And when you've decided on that belief, ask yourself the reason why you believe it. That belief should form the core of the conflict of the story. Which is probably the main thing the protagonist is struggling with throughout the story. And the reason why that belief is true should be the resolution of that conflict at the climax.
There's not going to be multiple protagonists. There's not going to a 'division of labor' or anything like that among 'classes' for a half dozen or so reasons, unless BioWare is incredibly foolish. Which unfortunately is not out of the question.
&gt; Whichever one you don't choose becomes a squadmate, and some dialogue and quests change based on which background you picked. Hopefully not, since that's a very bad idea. Unless the change is more or less trivial, as in the original games.
The less, the better, in my mind. I wasn't thrilled with the race barriers in DA and have always outright despised the class barriers. I really hope BioWare does not listen to all the calls for class interrupts and whatnot. Ideally they would drop the class system altogether, although the story reason for biotics makes that rather difficult. (In that a normal person can't just learn biotics.)
Here's something you should take to heart: A thing being 'realistic' (in that it would be likely to occur in real life) is never, *never* justification by itself for that thing to happen in fiction. There are are infinite amount of things that are very possible, even incredibly likely in real life, that would unquestionably be horrible writing or horrible game design. For example, consider a very important character being shot in the head and immediately dying on a completely 'routine' mission against weak enemies they've fought a hundred times before. A mission that has really nothing to do with the plot or central antagonist of the story. No build-up. No foreshadowing. This is very 'realistic' (in that it's quite possible and even likely to occur were this sort of thing to happen in real life.) And yet I would have a very difficult time coming up with a scenario where it would be anything but unforgivably incompetent writing. Also, I didn't say anything about it being "racist."
Nope.
Incorrect. This is nothing but pretend reasoning conjured up to try and avoid the obvious and irrefutable reality that acceptance of transgenderism demands gender abolitionism. You cannot have a 'gender identity' if gender is a literally meaningless thing. And gender cannot be meaningful if there is no perception of it. (No gender 'roles'). The concept of a real 'gender identity' but no 'gender roles' is therefore entirely nonsensical.
Ask yourself this question: Why don't we throw away the dictionary and replace every word with "Hugs,' 'Puppies,' 'Love,' 'Kisses' and words of that sort? No more meanie words that make people feel bad. Only happy lovey words that make people feel good. Is that okay? No, it's not okay. It's moronic. Because that's not the purpose of language. The purpose of language is convey information and meaning. The purpose of logic is to provide us with a path towards truth. Throwing those tools away when we don't like them because they don't always make people feel good about themselves is the height of idiocy. Oh, and speaking of logic, you don't get to disagree because you feel like it. You have to provide reasoning. What is your reasoning for disputing my other comment? ("You cannot have a 'gender identity' if gender...")
That's a load of drivel. First, this is not evidence. You have absolutely no idea how you would feel about it. You cannot possibly predict how you would think without gender influences. For all we know, gender is a concept we've been absorbing since literally our first day of life, nursing from mother and absorbing on a very subconscious and crude but very real level that to be a woman is to be a nurturer. But secondly, let's pretend you're correct and you still feel 'wrong' as your sex even never encountering any sort of gender. You grew up in a Skinner box with only food and water. If this is true, how can you possibly argue gender has no biological component? The idea is as absurd a person deciding they are tired of being a 'Zharlog' and want to be a 'Nimskwe.' Literally meaningless words and concepts.
If you accept that gender has significant biological components, then you have no basis for claiming that gender roles are 'socially constructed,' as you tried to claim in your first comment. Your entire argument quickly falls apart after that, as in fact does the entire concept of transgenderism. So...there we go. I just " demonstrated that I'm wrong in a logical manner," exactly as you requested. Do you believe otherwise now? Also, the burden of proof is entirely on you. The evidence on my side is overwhelming. The fact that gender is remarkably consistent across cultures over the world who had no contact with each other is staggering. The fact that all sorts of animals and insects with primitive brains and certainly nothing close to any sort of moral-and-role-enforcing-'society' nevertheless engage in very rigid gender roles is tremendous. What evidence do you have? A fantasy on how you 'think' you 'might' feel with not a shred of evidence to back it up.
Yeah, I'd agree, I would tackle the amnesia first. Who gave it to them? Why? An enemy? If so, why were they left alive? You might be better off fully embracing a modern fantasy setting to give yourself easier answers to these questions.
The frequency of processors can't really be compared unless they're the same model. It tells you how fast the processor completes clock cycles, but not how productive each cycle is. A processor that completes more calculations per cycle can be far better than a processor that completes cycles faster but is less productive per cycle. They really ought to advertise them as flops per second or something of the sort instead of just frequency.
I don't think there is one, honestly. I just use benchmarks. Basically looking at Tom's Hardware and Anandtech to see which runs better.
I don't want to be reminded of that steaming turd unless some actual work is going into fixing it. As in, continuing the plot of the Milky Way. I would take that sort of reference as an insult and nothing else.
What they wrote in the original trilogy on the topic was nothing but a stupidly incoherent mess that I can't say two words about without running into a gaping plothole. So let's really hope not.
I suppose we'll find out if Bioware thought up anything. Might be something to do with not having Mass Relays. That being said, I don't really think 'space' would be an issue, in that an advanced race must necessarily expand to all available territory.
I remember when I first got ME 3 and the damn face import didn't work, I was able to pull the proper codes off the Xbox onto PC with a program called Modio and a flash drive. Might look into that if you're really dedicated.
Lol no. More like 'these are the themes shoehorned into the last five minutes of the third game in a laughably incompetent fashion.'
I'm incredibly concerned this game is going to be very sub-par story and writing wise, but it's not because of a lack of information. It's because of the information they've showed us. That, and what was present in DA:I. The gameplay, graphics, and animations of the series have always left me very satisfied overall. Not perfect, but no video game is.
I don't care what Patrick Weekes or any of the other writers say. Not only is their competence under extremely serious question, they have every reason to fudge the truth to make themselves look better. By the way, what kind of ridiculous nonsense is 'friends' as a theme? You could say that of literally any work of fiction where characters work together and like each other. What role did 'friends' play in the resolution of the central conflict? What role did 'alliances' play? Completely and utterly zero. He would have been more accurate to say 'magic problem solving Crucible button' is a theme.
Irrelevant if it's not properly done in the story we see, which it isn't. The guns the characters fire need metal slugs and the starships need fuel. That does not make mining facilities a 'theme' of the series because the characters needed them to be effective.
The mass effect is not a theme. It's not a conflict. It's a tool the story uses to try and make the technology plausible. And that's really it. Conflicts are what drive stories, not this.
You're not seeing anything new. You're seeing the same speech, the same threats, the same plan, the same defeat you've seen a thousand times before. None of that is 'new' because it comes from a character the same as all the others before him but is painted green now. Or has spikes on his ahead. Or is short and has a beard.
&gt; A human antagonist has a very obvious advantage over alien overlords or galactic conspiracies: By this you mean 'human sized'? Since actually being a member of the human species has nothing to do with it at all? A salarian or turian could fulfill the role of a 'small level' antagonist just as well.
Are you out of your mind? How hard is it to understand that these are not 'aliens' in any meaningful sense? They speak exactly like humans, act exactly like humans, move exactly like humans, think exactly like humans, want and desire the exact same thing humans do. An asari is literally - literally - a blue human with a slightly different shaped head. That is what BioWare does to make an asari. They take a human and make her blue and give her a fringe. Just like a dwarf is a short human with a beard. Just like an elf is a skinny human with some tattoos. Are you really so gullible that you think that when BioWare goes into their software and changes the skin color from pink to blue a character magically transforms from a relatable, sympathetic, understanding mind, to a mystical, mysterious, foreign creature beyond our understanding? Because an artist at BioWare clicked the 'blue' paint button instead of the 'pink' paint button?
What is this book supposed to be about? You've got a setting, which is nice, but it's just a setting. What's the plot? What are your characters trying to accomplish throughout the story?
Make very, very, very sure your tragedy is actually meaningful. Do not make the overwhelmingly common mistake that just because bad things happen ,your story has anything worthwhile to say or that your audience has any reason to care. The worst failing a writer can commit is to be pointless. Also, stay true to your tone. If you're writing a tragedy, make sure your audience is aware of it. Surprising them in the last five pages is not clever or innovative, it's stupid.
I certainly wouldn't mind an antagonist that shares the protagonists size, resources, and skill set. (Something seen very rarely in video games. Usually antagonists are either physically huge compared to the player, rich enough to fund entire armies against them, or have some power or ability the player doesn't. Very rarely do you see an antagonist who succeeds not because of special abilities or resources, but because he's more skilled than the protagonist and that's all there is to it. Although unfortunately players of RPGs seem to generally be vehemently enraged by the idea that 'their' character is not the most badass person in existence ever, ever, and are incredulous of the concept of them losing a fight simply because they were the inferior warrior.') I could do without the rather cartoonish team vs. team, however.
Make sure to check your taskbar and that you're not running any other applications, if you haven't already. Windows and particularly new computers with Windows have a tendency to run a lot of unwelcome crap passively. After that, check if other games work. Preferably more modern games, if you have any. That should tell you if it's a resource issue or not.
I didn't say anything about it being rational or plausible or not. Plausibility is not the issue. I'm completely aware people can and often are stupid and petty. The issues are, firstly, making your audience care about your story, which hinges on them liking your characters, and, secondly, making sure you as an author are honest to the audience about your characters. And since dramatic stories set in physically adventurous and dangerous settings (such as post apocalypse) pretty much universally try to portray their characters as capable, intelligent badasses, that means making sure your characters actually *are* capable, intelligent badasses and not clowns who can't accomplish anything.
&gt; Yeah, institutionalizing your opinions is usually called fascism. You should probably not use words you clearly do not understand.
Sure. Education. Lesson #1. Nobody intelligent is going to take you very seriously when you invent silly definitions for things you don't like and nonsensically tie them to things that have nothing in common for very shallow and obvious shock value. Like fascism.
It's almost tempting to go back. Buy a month's membership, walk around Varrock, do all the noob level quests again, hear all the music, go fishing in Catherby...Maybe I should...I don't have to ask Mom to borrow her credit card and promise to do my homework anymore nowadays. Is the Grand Exchange in there? I hate that piece of shit, it was so much better going to World 2 Fally to the swarm of people buying and selling everything. Are there crowded words, or is everything deserted? Also, isn't it like the tenth anniversary of the Falador Massacre?
It's a sign of the Post being willing to pay clowns for their work so long as the topic is vaguely hip and progressive sounding.
I wouldn't be so sure that loading actually will be faster. Might be, but who knows.
They do, but I think loading times might have more to do with the read speed of the hard drive. Don't know enough about hardware to say for sure, though.
I would really recommend science instead. (Not biology, though.) I finished my minor in math a little over a month ago, and the bulk of what i was doing I didn't fully understand and was pretty much relying on memorization, and some of it I didn't understand at all. I scraped by Calculus III (Vector Calculus) with a C on my second try. It wasn't until E&amp;M 2 that it started to click as real values with meaning that were all there for a reason instead of just a jumble of symbols. Point is, whatever that point in math is where it stops being mostly memorization and starts being an interesting and intuitive puzzle is probably above the level all but a very few people care to commit to.
Grunt is too high, and EDI way too low. But not bad, as far as internet rankings go.
Keep : - The basic persuasion system. These were some of the best written lines from Shepard in the game, both well reasoned and well spoken. - No class impact on story, or un-forshadowed companion impact on missions. This is how it should be. - Some sort of missions analogous to the 'loyalty missions.' In other words, missions that have a personal connection to a companion, with lots of dialogue and involvement from them. These were some of the strongest character moments of the series. DA:I shows how to do this very wrong. Do not copy it. - Romances that as much as possible tie into the plot. LotSB is a perfect example of this done so, so right. The romances in DA:I (and pretty much all RPGs honestly) are an example of doing it so, so wrong. There is really very little point in a romance 'story' that boils down to "I like you, do you like me? Let's bang." Of course, that's more or less how Liara's romance is in the original ME 1 as well...it took time to develop.
You really should be careful about getting your perspectives on the world from television.
You need to understand that there's really no such thing as 'aliens' or even 'nonhuman' characters in fiction (and perhaps real life) in any real sense. You're not going to come up with any even slightly rational idea for your alien characters to think up or live by that some human somewhere has not thought up and probably written a book about. I've seen people foolishly determined for their characters to be 'alien' to the point of basically abandoning rationality and give their aliens ridiculous, completely absurd beliefs and practices that clearly could not sustain a society because they were so bent on trying to avoid human morality. So don't try to make your characters incomprehensible to humans. They'll just look stupid. End of the day, your aliens are going to have human brains. Which is perfectly fine. Accept it. Move on. If you want to portray something different, my advice is to either give your aliens some sort of biological ability or trait humans lack, or put them in a setting very different from Earth. And think about how humans would act and how society would be different if it was us in those circumstances.
Might be something to do with lacking Mass Relays. BioWare has unfortunately been substantially less competent at addressing these sorts of holes than I would like recently. I can absolutely guarantee, that, because of gameplay, there is going to be at least one (very common) enemy type that uses 'human' weapons and tactics. Guns, shields, armor, taking cover, and so forth. So they're not going to all be animals with melee attacks or whatever.
And how would you avoid making technology looking weak and pointless when the highest level of technology is about as easy for the player to defeat as the lowest level? (As is necessary for a smooth gameplay difficulty.) And besides, defining 'levels' of technology in science fiction is seriously harder than you might think at first glance. Something like a rifle is a rifle is a rifle. There's only so much you can do to plausibly improve it, how are supposed to differentiate between a 'futuristic' rifle and super-futuristic rifle. Even the Reapers, which are supposed to be utter pinnacle of hyperadvanced technology, really aren't shown to possess anything all that different from the other species. They're pretty much just bigger, with bigger guns and heavier armor.
I might as well just install a mod if I'm doing that.
Then you either haven't tried many speech checks or my game is bugged to hell. Because I fail them with 9 charisma all. the. time. Including easy ones.
Oblivion's was far better then this crap. I never missed out on significant chunks of content from Oblivion.
That doesn't excuse anything.
Putting aside that I have no idea where I'd get that many grape mentats, I don't know when the speech checks are coming beforehand.
&gt; why should a poor person work their butt off while some rich kid burns money and drinks cocktails all day long? Simple. Because freedom means freedom to be unfair. Do I do seriously believe my friends are the best and most deserving people on the planet? No. Any man I meet on the street might be better and more deserving. So why might I treat my friends to vacations and expensive meals and so forth and not the man on the street? Ultimately, because of luck. The circumstances of luck that led me to meeting them and befriending them and not the 7 billion other strangers on Earth. It's obviously unfair. But it's reality I don't see changing. And obviously this can be generalized to many things. Being beautiful, being born in the right family, winning the lottery, having the connections to land a good career, being born in the first world instead of the third, etc. Much of what we want and desire and love in this world is based upon luck. And yet we desire and want and love it nonetheless.
Don't really see how running a coop is in any way anti-capitalist whatsoever, but whatever.
I shouldn't have to do that to enjoy the game. That being said, I'm going to install a mod that does basically the same thing.
I don't. I don't recognize the idea that feudalism and such were not capitalism or socialism. Property is either private or public, and since all civilizations have excluded people from control over property, all of human history is therefore capitalist. Now, upon accepting all human history is capitalist, we can clearly see there are many successes and failures within capitalism across a vast variety of arenas that have nothing to do with capitalism itself.
If you have any suggestions for how such concepts might be 'fought' that don't demand the obliteration of the concept of value, I'm all ears.
No. I'm referring to the fact that these are all behaviors based on the concept of value. Beauty, for example, is something we value. Which is why we treat beautiful people better than ugly people. Every proposal to eliminate the unfairness of beauty demands the obliteration of that concept of value. People must no longer be allowed to value beautiful people more, or it will inevitably manifest in their behaviors. We see people attempting to obliterate concepts of value all the time. Consider the phrase 'All bodies are beautiful.' The obvious objective is to turn 'beauty' into a meaningless, empty word that carries no value. Clearly, it means nothing if it applies to everyone , yes? If there is literally no possible concept of an ugly human? This is done because only with the obliteration of value can people be made equal. Of course, these attempts have been ridiculous failures. All of this goes against basic tenets of rationality and are therefore unacceptable.
I don't really know what that means or how it's supposed to connect. Also, I'm not sure many socialists would agree when I spell out the consequences. Such as, for example, me tipping attractive people more, which I know I do. Being much more likely to hire someone if they're attractive, to listen to them, to help them.
I agree. They don't deserve it. But that's not enough. Human interaction is a two-person experience. Doesn't matter how much one of them deserves or doesn't deserve something, you can't obligate the other into placing value on something. You can't make them want it.
Does your 'ideology' understand the concept of numbers? The concept that if there are very many people who want something and very few willing to provide it, most of those very many are out of luck?
The combat sucks in the first game, and the story really doesn't heat up until Virmire. So stick with it. Choose a tech class in ME 1 so you can actually open loot without dragging Tali everywhere. There are a few sidequests you can't complete without tech skills as well. You can do everything without biotics however, so don't sweat having a biotic on your team or not. (This was thankfully scrapped in the second and third games, and you can remake your character, so when you start ME 2 you can just choose a class that sounds fun.) I highly recommend you do the main missions in ME 1 in the order of Therum (Find Liara) -&gt; Feros -&gt; Virmire -&gt; Noveria. Make sure to talk to everyone on the ship after each of these major missions. Max out your charm, and use it at every opportunity.
That scene was dumb as hell.
Not for big budget films. I imagine they're a lot more common for 'indie' movies and television. That being said, there is no doubt in my mind that we 'live in an era' of pretend morality, with the underlying assuming that 'more tragic' and 'more grey' is the path towards maturity and intelligence. I'm nothing short of disgusted by most 'tragic' stories I have the displeasure of experiencing.
...Are you claiming it's good writing to build up interest and then abandon it at it's peak? Because that's ridiculous. It goes against the basic principles of a story. Any idiot can build up suspense or intrigue. That's the easiest thing in the world. Any idiot can leave clues, feed the audience hints, and get the audience asking questions about what's going on. The part that counts is being able to put your money where your mouth is when the time comes.
Yes. They're just as nonsensical. The first one is not a comedy, period. The second one is reliant on a ridiculous contrivance. What happens if they aren't a monster, if their wife and kids and trainer love and support them, and if they've become healthier than ever training? That is irrefutably 'protagonist's arc leads them to victory' as you said, but nobody could argue it as a tragedy.
I really don't understand what you're trying to say. I can think of plenty of 'happy endings' where the climax has characters at their 'emotional peak' and the story ends very shortly afterwards. That's...kinda the point of a climax, isn't it?
Microsoft Word Spellchecker.
Stardew Valley.
&gt; When in doubt, raise the stakes. That's a one way ticket to a villain you have no idea how your heroes can counter, and therefore a weak ending usually based on some magic contrivance. Horrible advice.
1. Decide beforehand what the conflict is. Is the struggle with the villain the true conflict of the story? Often, it isn't. And if not, your villain can be much more simple and their defeat much less climatic. 2. If it is the true conflict, the actions of the hero and villain should be personifications an ideas that are in conflict. The defeat of the villain should be the resolution of that conflict. Ask yourself why the hero is superior to the villain, despite the villain's apparent advantages. That reason 'why' needs to be the reason the hero is triumphant.
Momentum needs to be conserved. If the air was being pushed up, the helicopter would be pushed down.
Nope. I can definitely think of heroic protagonists that are ideal from the start, and therefore do not grow. That said, they always have allies or friends who *do* grow. So you should have it, but it doesn't have to apply to every single character or even to the protagonist.
Sure. Probably my favorite character in fiction: Commander Shepard of the Mass Effect series. It's somewhat common for RPG characters in general, since players do not like having flaws imposed on 'their' characters.
Eehh...maybe...most of the mechanics that a lot of people think give games unique potential as a fictional medium have had mediocre to poor results. They often obscure what makes actual good writing in favor of gimmicks. But don't get me started. Mass Effect is my favorite story, but there are so, so, so many things I hate about it.
Romance is still drama. Make sure you have a conflict.
Have you played these games? How long does it take to circle a planet?
Mmm. A quick google search tells me Earth has about 500 trillion square meters of surface area. If we assume a developer uses one bit of data for every square meter, that's still 62 terabytes of data to make just one Earth-sized planet, again, with a quality of one bit per square meter. 1,200 times the capacity of a Blu-Ray disc used for the XB1 and PS4. Now, they could no doubt cut that down greatly by making many of these procedurally generated areas redundant (which in my mind rather nullifies the whole point of procedural generation), but I think you get the idea. Forget filling up planets, you don't even have enough data to hold them.
No, that is absolutely how procedural generation works. Your little wink does not impress me, and I actually do understand what functions and algebra are. All you're talking about is whether that data is persistently stored or not, and in most games, it is stored.
America?
Lol. It's time to grow up from the kiddie table of philosophy, my friend. I feel like I'm listening to an episode of Barney. Does 'discrimination' hurt your fee-fees? The reality, of course, is that the government has countless policies that discriminate by gender. The reality is that very, very, very few people have any inkling what the consequences of the abolition of gender would be, and even fewer would be prepared to accept them.
I've found that probably 95% of people who use the term 'plot armor' don't really have any idea what it means in the first place. So perhaps make sure you have a clear idea of what it is first.
My goodness, you're a stingy one aren't you? It's really quite simple. 'Plot armor' is a term overwhelmingly used incompetently by amateurish critics who have no understanding or even awareness of concepts such as the Theory of Narrative Causality. Mostly it seems to be some vague idea that the protagonist is less likely to die than any other character because he is 'protected by the plot,' and to be a well-written story without 'plot armor,' the protagonist must be as likely to die as anyone else. Which of course is all just nonsense. You do have a full understanding of the Theory of Narrative Causality, right?
We're going to need more information than 'two guys meet.' Maybe you could describe the setting and your characters a bit.
General rule of thumb of writing is that you only introduce as many characters or factions that you actually use. It's not good to have lots of people sitting around doing nothing in your story.
All you can do is lead the horse to water. If you want your reader to feel wonder, your only option is to make the settings or events or whatever of your writing as wondrous as possible and hope for the best. That's quite a bit harder for writers than for a visual medium, but there you go. It will definitely be annoying if you excessively praise your own settings. Don't do that. Don't go excessively gushing about how 'awesome' or 'amazing' or 'incredible' your world is. That's like laughing at your own jokes. Try to describe your world more-or-less neutrally. If you do feel that praise is warrented, you might try and keep it within character dialogue, so that way it's not 'official' from the narrator.
TV Tropes is usually solid. Not perfect, but then anyone can edit it.
Really? I don't think Goldman Sachs would approve of that. You might change their mind if you make enough hashtags, though. Yes, that's clearly where your effort needs to be.
Do you know what this 'super futuristic tech' is supposed to look like? How would it be different from technology seen in the previous games?
What is this new technology supposed to actually do? What is it supposed to look like?
Which Dragon Age? Inquisition did a pathetically incompetent job, entirely dependent on having every friendly character gush how 'awesome' the protagonist is at every opportunity despite him being a useless dullard. I don't want to think about the mental state of BioWare players for them to eat that sort of thing up so easily and gleefully.
&gt; I believe the main reason this didn't happen was the amount of work it would be to code in interactions that would only happen if you had chosen a specific class. That depends. Would these interrupts be available to every class, just animated differently? Or would they be actions exclusively for certain classes? So, for example, would we have maybe a biotic interrupt that can save a character from falling to their death, but other classes just have to sit and watch them die? Because that would enrage me. That would be completely idiotic writing, and completely idiotic game design. But if we're talking the same scenes, just with different animations...yes, the main problem would indeed be the work required to animate the scene over and over. There are some other concerns that are above the heads of most players, but that's certainly the biggest.
It's an issue in an abysmal state. If all BioWare has to do to have their playerbase squealing in delight is put in enough kissy-kissy romance scenes, or happy-laughy friendship scenes, or awesome-awesome-you-are-the-super-awesomest-person-ever scenes, no matter how idiotic or trite those scenes actually are, we are fucked. They'll never do anything else because all those things are supremely easy. There is not one moment in the entire story where the Inquisitor did or said one single thing I would call intelligent or determined. The only moment I would call courageous is during siege of Haven. And yet BioWare thinks they're in a position to call him the bestest most awesomest hero ever over and over and over and over again. That is more than pathetically unacceptable, it's incredibly offensive.
Make sure you know what satire is. A lot of people don't seem to know the difference between satire and parody.
As long as the goal could be accomplished another way, that would be acceptable.
It's not that romance or friendship moments are bad, they aren't. They just can't be the only thing. If the plot is crap, or a character arc is crap, it doesn't become good because BioWare slaps in a scene of characters being friends and giggling together or the protagonist kissing his girlfriend. The ending of Inquisiton is probably the worst ending I've encountered in any work of fiction, and yet a lot of people seem to think it's great because they get a scene on the balcony with their romance character. It's just cheap, trite wish fulfillment. &gt; Every BioWare game has the PC doing extraordinary things No, that's the point. Inquisition *doesn't* have that. It doesn't have that at all. The writing constantly treats the Inquisitor as if he's super-duper amazing, as if he's super brave, super determined, super intelligent, super charismatic, super competent. And these things *never happen.* They never actually show up in the story. The only moment I can think of, is, like I said, the siege of Haven. He's not a hero. He's a dullard. I literally can not think of one single powerful line from the Inquisitor. Not one. I can think of many for Shepard. (Although Mass Effect does lay on the praise rather thick sometimes as well. But it's not anywhere near as bad.) The companions are probably even worse.
Ah, that's the great thing about power, ain't it? You can reject it to your little heart's content and it will happen anyway. This of course confuses and enrages the typical Redditor to no end.
I noticed in ME3 Shepard doesn't poke his head out from behind cover occasionally like he does in ME 2. That was a nice touch in ME 2 that I don't think I've seen in other games.
Have you met Archangel yet?
You can pretty much only have one relationship per game. Once you've chosen someone, everyone else will say "No."
Of course. What is the liberal feminist definition of "woman?" A woman is someone who identifies as a woman, they say. That concept, that a "woman" is someone who identifies as a woman, is the fundamental idea behind transgenderism, wouldn't you agree? This definition of 'women' is a definition purposefully constructed to mean literally nothing. It's a void, a non-concept. And if woman is a word that literally means nothing, you can obviously see how gender literally means nothing as well. It's as absurd as me saying "I want to be a Zharlog." A deliberately meaningless, made up word. What's a Zharlog? Well, it's what I want to be. The entire concept is clearly fails to abide by any sort of logic, and thus so does transgenderism. You cannot 'want' or 'identify' as a non-concept.
I understand if these concepts are over your head. The typical Redditor is much happier with what I think we might call "Barney Politics." Redditors like hearing things such as "We just need to stop *hating* people and *love* people." My style of reasoning tends to frustrate and confuse them.
Oh, I think it must be over your head if you think a simple, abundantly clear, very well written little explanation like that is a 'word salad.'
Well, we already say no to many, many different groups, all the time, in all sorts of ways. So yes, we should drop the paper-thin delusion that we don't. Because it's obvious hypocrisy, and because equality is a foolish concept to begin with.
Do you understand the difference between 'treating women the same as men' and 'a clear disconnect of women being equal to men'? I can assure you there is one. This advice seems to be along the lines you "If you do not perceive men and women identically, you are hateful bigot and need to fix yourself." Let's not contribute to the very abysmal epidemic of pretend morality plaguing the writing community, hmm?
The word 'only' does not mean what you seem to think it means.
Do yourself a favor and stick to explaining technical medical concepts. This clearly has nothing to do with actual medicine and everything to do with you being upset that background characters of your profession are rightfully treated as the background characters they are.
Oh, am I mistaken? This seems to me like a pretty simple deduction. Why don't you clear things up for me? Are writers obliged to treat women identically to men, or are they not?
My God. I guess "Women are people" is the intellectual pinnacle of analysis of gender in fiction. At least to seemingly everyone in this thread. That's as smart we get, huh?
That sounds like a very reasonable position, actually. But law or no law, these people are living on borrowed time. They have maybe...30 years? Maybe more, maybe less. 30 years before cheap and reliable robots come along that can replace a lot of that manual labor. Not all of it, obviously. But a lot of it.
The reason it was given center stage for the campaign was because it's persuasive, and Trump knows it. It's short and simple and gives an immediate mental image and promise of action everyone can easily understand. A lot of people criticize that for being short and simple instead of 'real policy,' but you'd have to be pretty foolish to think political advertising is ever about thorough reasoning, for any party.
Because very, very few people would see any practical benefit in their lives to putting a man on Mars. While lots of people have had their lives made worse by immigration, both legal and illegal.
You can't just say "Immigration is all the same." It's not. And even if it was, the world is not the same. The same manual labor that may have very valuable and productive 150 years might well be nearly useless today. Look, Everyone in America is told - and has been told for decades at this point - that 'diversity' is the ultimate, unquestionable good in society. By every school and university, by every government institution, by every corporation that bothers to advertise, and of course by the Democratic Party and leftists. There is a massive, massive amount of continual, never-ending praise, and an extremely tiny amount of any actual analysis or science of what diversity actually does or means. And it's all just so pathetic. So childish. So meaningless in the real world. It acts as if life is nothing but sitting down at a restaurant, and looking at all the delicious food to order, and 'diversity' is nothing but adding more delicious, exotic meals to the menu. And who in their right mind could oppose such a wonderful thing? But life is not a restaurant. The simple and irrefutable reality is that immigration and diversity in general brings incredibly serious problems. Problems with poverty, problems with labor, problems with crime, problems with community, problems with culture and identity. And when people have tried to talk about these problems, the Democratic Party's response has been to squeal in glee of how lucky they are to get to experience them, how delightful and amazing these problems must be (since very, very few of the people making such decisions have ever had to experience any of the negative effects) because they're 'diverse' and 'multicultural.' So, yes, people are contemptuous of that.
They don't 'trace.' They match. And they do it by firing the gun in a laboratory and comparing the rifling marks on the bullet.
I guess I must be, if I'm the only one able to grasp anything higher than the 'Women are people' epiphany that is taken as the intellectual pinnacle here. As mentioned in my other comment.
I think you might want to work of your grasp of sarcasm, if you didn't understand that.
Easy. Just make sure it has an actual point. Everyone knows being depressed sucks. Everyone knows being lonely sucks. If all that happens is your protagonist has a miserable life, mopes around for a while, and then decides to go kill himself, you've wasted the audience's time and attention and betrayed their expectation. Why should anyone care? Why did you even bother telling us the story? However, this applies every bit as much to the solution as the actual problem. So if your protagonist is depressed, and then decides he's going to have a new lease on life one day, goes and meets a beautiful girl and lives happily after after...yeah, that's a happy ending, but it's ultimately just as pointless. Characters need to struggle. They probably should not be able to overcome whatever problems they're facing without some kind of suffering. But that struggle also needs to be meaningful. It should almost always result in some sort of triumph, even if that triumph isn't the one they were expecting or aiming for.
Hmm. That really depends on what you mean by 'honesty.'
Why not science?
Seeing as Ryder is inevitably going to kill all the bad guys with his Milky Way ship and Milky Way weapons...probably not.
You buy a legal business, take the illegal cash from your criminal activity, and put it into the cash register and claim its income from your legal business. You report it on your taxes like legal income. The money is now clean.
Easy for whom? For you, or for the character? Because, as a video game, yes, it's easy. It's incredibly easy to choose the blue dialog option and succeed at whatever confrontation is going on. You just press a button on your plastic controller. Just like it's incredibly easy to gun your way through dozens of armored enemies with automatic weapons. Like it's incredibly easy to have a half-dozen supermodels all competing to be your girlfriend. Like it's incredibly easy to be the most badass person alive. All of these things are incredibly easy, yes? Because it's a video game. Because it's a computer program literally designed for just about anyone to be able to do all of that with a reasonable minimum of frustration. Is it easy for the character to be good guy? Which is what matters? No. Not in a well-written game. Ideally, these 'persuasion' options only succeed because of great intelligence and charisma on behalf of the characters. It's not easy for them at all.
Actually, New Vegas is a great example of the exact failing nearly all 'Grey Morality' choices run into.
I don't think you understand at all what the purpose of a story is or how it functions. 99.9999% of the things that happen in the real world would be terrible, idiotically incompetent writing. Do we tell stories about Joe Average, who goes to his office cubicle and looks at spreadsheets all day? Do we tell stories about Bob, who browses his phone for hours while he endures his tedious job as a gas station clerk? Do we tell stories about Peasant John, who lives in Fantasy-Land but has a quiet existence growing cabbages and potatoes and never once in his life picks up a sword or casts a magic spell? No. What happens, or what is most common in the 'real world' is irrelevant to writing. Saying that a story needs to feature 'grey morality' because it's necessary to show the 'real world' is as nonsensical as saying all fantasy video games need to be about Peasant John since his life was 1000x more common than life of a knight.
All that is doing is introducing a pointless hurdle by having the player confused when they can't figure out what the paraphrase means. In addition, 95% of dialogue is not making any choice, it's just whether the character is being polite or not. Having every dialogue option become a puzzle just to have your character say "Thank You" instead of "Go Fuck Yourself" for a complete generic, mundane conversation would be a pointless annoyance and likely slow the pace of conversation down significantly. Terrible idea.
What exactly do you think is the point of these choices not paying off? What exactly do you think that is supposed to accomplish?
It's absolutely about that. And you're wrong. It has nothing at all to do what what I prefer or am uncomfortable with. I'm not uncomfortable with any of it, just disgusted and contemptuous. And while it no doubt comes off as arrogant, it's absolutely a sign of superior understanding on my part. This is not about one morality being better. It's about meaning and pointlessness. And pointlessness is what you're advocating.
By all means, enjoy your fantasies all day long. Write your fanfiction, draw your pictures, buy your merchandise, whatever. Just please, don't be foolish enough to think you've been enlightened of some brutal truth about what 'strength' is because you saw it on television. I really don't think that's too much to ask. Don't you think that's very reasonable?
If you want choices to punish you 'realistically', (you don't) it would come down a hell of a lot harder on evil characters than good in pretty much every RPG. To copy and paste a comment I wrote months ago... There seem to be a lot of people who look at games where taking the 'good' choices pay off and say the 'good' option is the optimistic, yet risky choice, and the 'evil' option or whatever you want to call it is the safe, practical, pragmatic choice. And they complain how 'unrealistic' it is that the 'risky' good choices always pay off, and that a mature, sophisticated, intelligent, modern RPG should have 'good' choices fail sometimes to demonstrate that the good guys don't always win, and here in the real world, being 'practical' and 'pragmatic' is what gets results far more often then having good ideals. But that's really all nonsense. It has nothing to do with 'pragmatic' or 'practical,' and in fact, reality is far closer to the opposite: It's the *evil* choices that RPGs overwhelmingly give players a free pass with. In pretty much every large scale RPG in existence, you can do whatever you want because you are Just That Badass. You're given freedom to murder who you want, offend who you want, break whatever laws you want, without anyone or anything ever seriously getting in your way. Because you're Just That Badass. You never get sent to prison, and if you do, you break out in 2 minutes. None of your teammates ever shoot you in the back of the head - despite often being characterized as extremely driven, dedicated people who will and sometimes do literally die for their ideals, they'll meekly submit to whatever you do, because you're Just That Badass. At worst, they'll raise a fuss, and be swiftly executed and tossed aside, righteously punished for daring to get into your way. They're no match for you, because you're Just That Badass. Nobody ever sends actually effective people after you for your crimes. Any problem you encounter and any naysayer who disagrees can be shot or shouted into submission because you're Just That Badass. See where this is going? Now, I don't begrudge any of that. It's a complete necessity, because video games are about fun. But let's not pretend this is what 'realism' looks like.
&gt; very challenging to defeat Relative to what? In general, nope, not going to happen.
Well memed, my friend.
&gt; Good apocalypse stories pose impossible questions that have no right answers, and few if any somewhat good answers. They're about "needs must" and "desperate times" and "I can't believe it's come to this." That's a complete load of crap. You've clearly confused your 'Walking Dead' fantasies with rules of actual good writing.
Don't listen to this ridiculous nonsense. Post-apocalyptic is not a *genre,* it is a *setting.* No, post apocalyptic settings absolutely do not depend on 'questions that have no answers.' That is completely, factually wrong. There is plenty of post-apocalyptic fiction where there are clear right and wrong answers to the struggles the characters face. There is plenty of post-apocalyptic fiction that is not particularly dangerous or desperate. There is plenty of post-apocalyptic fiction where characters aren't really concerned about their immediate survival. Post-apocalyptic fiction is in general no more dangerous than other 'epic' setting where violence is common - which is a huge swath of science fiction and fantasy.
&gt; The Hero or Heroine begins their respective journey as figurative or literal children possessing traits associated with being immaturity and or weakness That would make 99.9999% of adults figurative or literal children? It's all relative, I suppose. To answer your question, there are stories where the hero is Ideal from the beginning, and therefore does not mature or grow. Stories need conflict, but it doesn't need to internal.
Equality.
What do you think Assisted Reality is going to allow people to do, exactly?
Maybe you can help me answer this question: Why are many RPG players so fixated on such an irrelevant classification? Literally for any RPG with different species, the very first demand on many player's lips when talking about a character is what race is he. They squeal in glee when a developer announces a character is going to be a krogan or quarian as if they automatically means they're going to be cool and awesome. They grind their teeth in rage and frustration when a human character is announced as if they're somehow doomed to being boring. I really just do not get it at all. Maybe it's just a large swath of the audience is just incredibly swallow and very easily fooled.
This sort of thing is exactly why I'm slowly being convinced that the people claiming romance drags down RPGs are right.
This alludes to yet another issue concerning the widespread failure of any real analysis of evil in fiction. What is 'Renegade' or 'evil' in video games in general? Paragon is easy, mostly. Be kind to people who deserve it, bring justice to those who don't, and be polite to everyone else. Renegade isn't as easy, is it? Paragon is obviously saving Wrex. Is 'Renegade' killing Wrex, or talking him down using Intimidate? We might break it down into fours types of evil: 'Pragmatic' evil: The character commits evil acts for a real or imagined 'greater' good, and therefore is not evil when no greater good will be obtained. Selfish evil: The character commits evil acts for personal benefit, and therefore is not evil when no personal benefit is obtained. Sadistic evil: The character commits evil acts to inflict suffering on others, and therefore might commit evil even at a personal loss. Psychopathic Evil: The character has no goal or guidelines, commits evil randomly.
So you *do* think characters automatically become interesting by making them short and giving them a beard? By having a beard and being short, that turns a boring lame human character into an exciting interesting dwarf character saying the exact same lines?
That might be true if romance existed in a vacuum, and had no effect on the rest of the story. But that's not how it works. If writers already have a strong, well-written character arc, then yes, perhaps adding an optional romance that is basically "I like you, you like me, let's bang" doesn't harm anything. The problem is writers who don't have a character arc thinking they can add a romance and then they're done. That the "I like you, you like me, let's bang" is good enough by itself, and now they don't need anything else.
Uh-huh. And what do you think Renegade is, exactly?
True. I was overall very satisfied with Tali and Garrus' romance arcs. I just don't want another Inquisition, with a piece of shit story that gets approval anyway just because of a kissy scene on the balcony at the end.
My advice is for you to embrace the goofiness. Pretend you're playing Grand Theft Auto. Kill and insult as many people as you can, for no reason.
It sounds like you've bought into the fantasy a little heavily, my friend. When you murder someone because you *think* they *might* be a criminal, that's Murder in the First Degree. You go to prison for several decades, at minimum. You know what changes when they actually *do* turn out to have been a criminal? Nothing. You don't get a different sentence because of information you couldn't have known at the time. You don't really actually think this is what 'determination' looks like, right?
You can find artist's impressions and some pictures online easily enough. If they're good enough for a professional artist working for NASA, I'm sure they're good enough for your readers. I would be less concerned about that and more concerned about all the logistics of setting up settlements.
Yes, that's the 'thinking she was a criminal' I just mentioned. Do you think that's something that would hold up in court?
&gt; And theres no court, stop with the paragon bullshit plz. Right, exactly. It's a fantasy, yes? Renegade is a fantasy where we never have to deal with tedious things like courts and prisons and not being able to gun down anyone who disagrees with us.
I literally can not think of a single story where a 'chosen one prophecy' is actually played straight. Where it doesn't turn out either to be made up by someone, a trick or trap by the enemy, or simply irrelevant.
Well, sure. But obviously that doesn't mean anything, right? Since BioWare completely controls the story and the universe and they can make anything they want happen. There's all sorts of ways they can enable the fantasy of "I can do whatever I want, and I don't face consequences." They can put the character above the law, they can make him into a Superman who is immune to everyone, they can populate their universe with imbeciles too stupid to implement basic systems of justice...the list goes on. It's all ultimately different means to the same end, isn't it? The same fantasy?
See, this is the abysmal understanding of 'evil' I've spoken about in several previous comments. The decisions Ryder will likely be making in the game are not 'personality.' Good and evil are not 'personality.' These are, or should be, decisions about very powerful, dangerous things. Decisions about suffering, decisions about loss and death, decisions about morality and virtue. Whether a person's room is clean or not is so stupidly petty compared to such things that it's not even worth mentioning. And by putting them on the same level by having the ship reflect your decisions, it treats good and evil like personality quirks. I like strawberry! You like chocolate! I like my ship to be neat and orderly! I like my ship to be messy and laid back! I think killing innocent people is wrong! I think killing innocent people is cool and awesome! Does that sound like a mature examination of evil to you?
That would tell me that BioWare is shooting for something other than trite wish fulfillment and 'awesomeness.' It would improve my outlook slightly.
I'm not feeling particularly good about swinging around a 'krogan hammer,' whatever that is. I really do not like how 'anime-esque' the combat has been in Dragon Age. It makes the characters look weak and ridiculous and sucks the weight and power out of combat. Please tell me Ryder is not going to be swinging around a 300 pound hammer like it's a twig, and doing about the damage a twig would when it actually hits the enemy.
Mmm. I suppose that's not too bad. At least it's just one big strike instead of it being twirled around. It's still not clean or elegant at all, though.
Of course, also somewhat silly when our 22nd century weapons inevitably haven't figured out 20th century innovations yet for some reason. Like fluted barrels in this case. But so it goes, huh?
Because it apparently wasn't obvious, I'm talking about animations, and yes, there are absolutely clean and elegant animations of combat and messy animations of combat. A clean animation is smooth. It's natural - it mimics real human motion and speed. And while elegance is difficult to define, most would agree that a large part of it is cutting unneeded distraction. Like that gigantic explosion that appears, probably in part to hide a lack of any solid animation of the hammer hitting the enemy. You should learn the difference between an action and an animation if you think that's a 'contradiction.' You can absolutely have beautiful animations of combat and terrible animations of something like dancing. I gotta say, it does get rather tedious to be downvoted about 80% of the time I correctly address a technical topic. Are these issues just too high-level for people on this forum?
Yes, the meaningful difference is that good fiction is not *just* wish fulfillment. It provides something else.
I don't mind these animations for a multiplayer segment of a 5 year old game released on obsolete hardware. But Inquisition's animations were not fine at all. They were significantly below-par for a late 2014 AAA game. If Andromeda is animated with the same philosophy of 'the more sparkly, glowly, explodely things we can have on screen, the better,' that's certainly not fine. That's downright amatuerish. We'll see, but so far, I'm not impressed. Also, I stand by that comment 100%. If people become this angry when I patiently point out how their delusions of intellectualism concerning evil are just power fantasies, maybe they shouldn't pretend their power fantasies are expressions of intellectualism.
That would be wonderful if it was true, wouldn't it? But no. There's an endless flood of people in this world fixated on fantasies that they are enlightened of some hard, brutal truth about 'morality' or 'society' or what have you, because of what they saw on television or played in a game. That's the whole appeal of such fiction, isn't it? It allows them to pretend to be a wolf among sheep. And you just have to pry that fantasy out of their clenched little fingers for them to acknowledge it as what it really is.
Probably because a lot of it really doesn't look 'so good' at all.
Whether fiction talks about it or not, it's undoubtedly the norm now. At least among middle to upper class western whites, which comprises the bulk of the literature community. Depression, anxiety, bi-polar disorder, no doubt a plethora of other 'disorders' I don't know the names of...common as dirt amongst young white women. And an epidemic likely to get worse in the coming decades.
There's no such thing as a silent narrator. If you want your story to be 'opinionless' on a subject, your best option is not to talk about it.
The difference is that the reader only has to imagine that magic and mad scientists exist. That's it. Existence is a pretty low bar. Whereas pretty much any serious portrayal of so called 'atypical gender identity' is not just that they exist, but their 'identity' is as legitimate as a normal person's.
[r/MakeYourChoice](https://www.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/) Some really high quality choose-your-own adventures, many with original art and very cool premises.
That logic is completely circular and makes no sense at all. The author completely controls the world and everyone inside it. They can make the world 'accept' anything they want. It doesn't mean anything. Stories can not prove things, they can only enunciate them.
Those are questions of what's possible, not questions of what's rational or moral. Authors get to decide what's possible in their universe, and if they want something to exist, it objectively, irrefutably does. They never get to decide what's rational or moral. If a plan is stupid, it's stupid, no matter how much the writer wants it to be clever and no matter how many characters they have claiming it's brilliant.
&gt; But on the other hand, it ruins that "oh shit, she died!" moment when it happens. That kind of assumes the 'oh shit' is desirable in the first place. While it can work in some stories, in general, I have a very low opinion of 'shock value.' It's *extremely* easy, the easiest thing in the world for any writer to introduce some shocking twist that the reader didn't event. Any idiot can write "HA HA THIS CHARACTER SUDDENLY DIED BET YOU DIDN'T EXPECT THAT DID YOU READER?!?!"
You're not going to actually get what people think. You're going to get what they pretend to think to facilitate their fantasies.
Doubtful. Graphical improvements can only go so far for the foreseeable future. Diminishing returns and all that.
There's that one movie with William H. Macy where he and girlfriend are on the ground about to be executed but the guy gets hit by a drunk driver. It worked, since kinda the whole point is that she is his 'Lady Luck.'
There are actually legitimate reasons to oppose the idea of 'more nudity equals more awesomeness' that do not make you a 'soccer mom.' Doesn't mean you should have awkward clothed sex scenes, but I would prefer fade to blacks over explicit nudity.
If the games weren't profitable, they wouldn't be making them. I'm sure they're quite aware the series won't last forever.
Half-Life 2, absolutely. The original Half-Life is rather dated.
An example of a game that, like any work of fiction, does not actually automatically become mature and sophisticated because it has boobies.
&gt; but I'm fascinated by the idea of making Alien races more alien. There's really no such as an 'alien mind' in fiction. And probably real life. Any kind of 'philosophy' you can think of that has even the faintest hint of logic to it - some human somewhere has already thought it up and probably written a book all about it. I've seen writers so foolishly fixated on making their aliens 'incomprehensible' that they take the only possible option: abandon logic. They give their aliens ridiculous, completely nonsensical morals and behaviors that clearly could not sustain a society. Definitely don't want another Reaper species, where they're not incomprehensible, they're just stupid. &gt; They did not directly attack, but subverted other races social fabric, politics, and influence structures to achieve "war" aims without actually ever going to what we would call war. Which is 99.9999% of humans, right? Very, very, very few people have any hope of making the societal changes they want through violence, right? That's the whole point of their protests and art and facebook campaigns and whatever the hell else they do. I course, I'd say those are equally hopeless, but perhaps it's less apparent...
Boy, I just can't wait for incredibly tedious fights of shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot, jetpack-away, shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot, jetpack-away, rinse and repeat for 5 minutes until the health bar is finally whittled down. I hope BioWare's combat designers know better than to think that's fun, but it sure doesn't look like it from the trailer.
Because you think shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot, jetpack-away, shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot-shoot, jetpack-away, rinse and repeat for 5 minutes is actually fun? Or because you don't think it will be shoot-shoot-run-run for five minutes in the first place?
Sure, when enemies can be killed in a few seconds. Like the Banshees from ME 3. This very clearly looks like damage sponge to me. I don't think damage sponges are fun. Do you think damage sponges are fun? Damage sponges are generally considered rather poor game design.
Most people who whine about pre-orders are frankly being dumb. If you're here, on this forum, you're already within a very small percentage of dedicated fans. Nearly everything BioWare has shown off has been mediocre to poor. I'm still going to buy the game. It would have to get something like a 50% average rating from critics for me not to, and that just never happens for AAA games.
You have a low bar for what constitutes 'great' romance, don't you?
Yes...that's exactly why I said 'Doesn't mean you should have awkward clothed sex scenes, but I would prefer fade to blacks over explicit nudity.'
On insanity, sure, in ME 1. And a few bosses. But I've never made any secret that the combat in ME 1 is crap. They should be getting better, not returning to crap. I don't recall any non-boss bullet sponges in ME 1. Not krogan. Not YMIR mechs. From the looks of that trailer, it's going to be several minutes of tedious shooting to kill these things.
A cop out to...what exactly?
That's all very poetic sounding. Allow me to make it clear and simple: Boobies make the game better. That's the core idea here, once you get past the flowery nonsense. Boobies are mature and sophisticated. So let's drop the pretense, drop the pretend intellectualism, and just come out and admit we think showing boobies is mature and sophisticated, and not showing boobies isn't. You've answered your own question. No, it is not meaningful. No, it is not even 'beautiful' or 'romantic.' A crappy, boring, pointless relationships of "I like you, you like me, let's bang" does not become 'meaningful' or 'romantic' because BioWare throws in some boobies or a scene of characters rubbing against each other. The problem is simple and obvious: If BioWare thinks that boobies and sex are beautiful, romantic, and meaningful, that's all they're ever going to do, because that's all they're ever going to *have* to do.
Are you ten years old? Is this how you measure the maturity of fiction? How many boobies it has? Or maybe how many times characters say "Fuck"? Wait...here's a thought...maybe the reason video games are considered so immature and childish is because instead of actual good writing, developers just put in as much 'naughty' content they can get away with? Because apparently it works, to please people like you, doesn't it now? And why wouldn't they? That's a million times easier then good stories and good characters.
Well then apparently you have a very poor grasp of what a bullet sponge is. The regular geth would be killed by a single headshot from the Phalanx. 'Bullet sponge' is not a term that goes hand in hand with being killed in shot shot from a reasonably quick weapon. See, the big monster is shot many times. It doesn't die. In fact, the healthbar doesn't even move much. That's a bullet sponge. It's shot many times and doesn't die. The normal geth are shot once and they die. That's not a bullet sponge. The big monster is a bullet sponge because it is shot many times. Not one time. The big monster is shot many times and it doesn't die. It's a bullet sponge.
If GTA 5 is what you think is 'great writing and stories,' that just proves my point, doesn't it? Because that was an absolutely pathetic story. That was downright abysmal. Honestly, it really doesn't even qualify as a story. I mean, my God, you just finished a rant on how video games aren't taken seriously, and held up GTA 5 as an example of great storytelling? Whoo boy. Oh, but they said 'fuck' a lot, didn't they? That's probably why, right? You were probably really impressed by that. You probably thought that was really badass.
I mean...Illium and Omega really weren't all that big. It's quite possible the game will have hubs that size or bigger. They probably weren't any bigger than Val Royaex or whatever it was called.
Mmm. So just like...atmospheric stuff, even if you can't interact with it? A big part of that is just that the Mass Effect team was always a huge step ahead of the Dragon Age team with their environments and graphics and art in general. Pretty much all the environments in Inquisition were boring and uninspired, not just Val Royaux. Generic foresty forest, generic deserty desert, generic swampy swamp. A game that reeks of developers who wanted 'diversity' because they think that's what a fantasy game is supposed to have, but no real ideas on how to make it exciting or compelling beyond that. It's anyone's guess whether that will still be true with the new team in Montreal.
Mmm. Okay. Well, you're right, there's no real way to tell at this point. But it does look kind of sketchy, doesn't it? They've got a lot of very difficult lore questions to address, and so far they haven't indicated they have answers to any of them. I'd be nice to think they're just controlling the hype, but it wouldn't surprise me at all at this point if they just haven't bothered. I am willing to bet that for some reason, you 'wake up' 5 or 10 or 20 years later then the other Arks, to give them a plausible reason why there are Milky Way settlements already.
Very true. As I commented in another thread, mental "illness" is pretty much as much the norm as the exception nowadays for the writing demographic. It's very rarely an insightful thing to be talking about.
&gt; renegade/paragon system has been replaced with a 4 chat option, head,casual,heart and professional giving me choice in the personality of your ryder. Yet another disappointment. I've had more than enough of this 'logic' vs. 'emotion' crap from Star Trek and Star Wars. It was always a failure then and it will in all likelihood be a failure now. When are writers going to grow up from this?
My goodness, look at you. So impressed, so intrigued, by the simplest 2+2 of philosophy. That's what comes down to, right? This idea that 'grey' morality is somehow mature, somehow sophisticated and intelligent by it's very existence. I would think that the concept that not everyone in this world is completely good or completely evil is an idea so basic, so easy, that every 7 or 8 year old should have completely mastered and internalized it. That's my certainly my case. It's an idea I understand absolutely perfectly. That's exactly why it's so uninteresting. I would think that I should be able to put a pencil, a piece of paper in front of any middle school student, and within 10 minutes have them write out a reasonably plausible 'grey' conflict, where there's no real 'right' answer. Or some conflict between two people or factions where both sides have some legitimacy. I would imagine that nobody could possibly think they've accomplished anything by repeating likely what is literally one of the oldest human ideas in existence. But I'm guess I'm wrong, aren't I? Because again and again and again and again and again, I'm confronted with people gasping in amazement and awe at such an impossibly sublime concept. Time and time again, I see people convinced this a revolutionary idea beyond any moral thinking in human history. We must abandon our silly and childish concepts of 'good' and 'evil' and let ourselves be thrust into the Brave New World, because today, in 2017, we've made the stupendous discover that not every single thing in the universe is completely 'good' or 'evil.' That's you right? You're gasping in amazement and awe at this incredible, revolutionary concept of 'greyness'? That's the only scenario I can come up with for you to be impressed by it.
I haven't played the Witcher or Red Dead, so I can't comment on those. And I will say that Dragon Age has been mediocre at best as well. I'm afraid I'm not any more impressed by what Bobby 'Bachelor's of Arts in English' who gets paid 5 cents a word to write for Awesomegamz.com thinks than what you think. Since you're apparently unaware, I was using what we call 'diminutive language.' It's language used to belittle or mock a concept, demonstrating my contempt and lack of respect for it. It helps me to define the terms of the engagement. If you want to try and explain what you thought mature in GTA besides how often they say 'fuck,' I'm all ears. I certainly can't think of anything else.
BioWare statistics have shown the overwhelming number of playthroughs are with Ashley, not Kaidan. Of course, a huge part of that is that most players are male and haven't imported their game. But still, I find it highly unlikely that more people choose Kaidan than Ashley.
Mmm, no I don't think so. They've mostly kept quiet outside of small arms, haven't they? There's not a whole lot of noise for citizens to own general-purpose and heavy machine guns. Besides, these aren't exactly weapons that a man could make with a machining mill and a lathe.
You are massively overestimating the amount of people who, firstly, even play the game more than once, secondly, bother to find that sort of information, and thirdly, care enough to do a playthrough differently.
I'll be honest with you. When I look at the great many people who squeal in delighted glee at all the fiction in this world that revels in evil, who gush over it's 'maturity,' 'sophistication,' and 'intellectualism,' who sing never ending praises of it's superiority...when I see those same people whimper to me in soft, helpless agony over how the world is such a mean, hurtful place, when I see them mumble pathetically "Why can't we all just stop *hating* people and *love* people"...the only emotion that comes to my mind is contempt. And disgust. Contempt and disgust to the point where I think lower of them than an honest evil person. An honest thug. (And for the record, let us not be stupid enough to pretend for one minute that "Oh, this fiction is actually showing how horrible this all is! We hate having to show the audience this, but we *have* to!" No.) Now, I'm not accusing you of that, since that sort of fiction is not the same thing as satire. But the principle is basically the same, I imagine.
Neo nazi?
&gt; The further you get from earth while traveling at these kind of speeds, the faster time speeds up for those on earth. ...What? No. &gt; Take the movie Interstellar for example, when they get closer to the black hole, time gets distorted for them, but it doesn't have to be a black hole. Gravity of gas giants, the sun, cosmic strings, there are tons of objects that could throw time out the window. Also no. Yes, gravitation does have a time dilation effect, but it's miniscule to the point of being impossible to detect except by a precise clock. As in milliseconds per year. Getting any kind of non-negligible effect would necessity gravity so strong matter as we know it could not exist. Maybe on the surface of a neutron star.
I wonder what the supporters of this sort of thing would say about 'equality' and 'diversity.' Those are without doubt two of the most 'unquestionable good' idealized concepts in the west the past several decades.
Mmm, I disagree. I think what will become a more immediate concern to the 'status quo' in the coming decades are, (to copy and paste a comment I wrote several days ago) affordable, portable weapons that can incapacitate or kill dozens of people near instantaneously. Weapons that can turn a crowd into a pile of bodies in the blink of an eye, without a messy, expensive explosion or any nasty lingering effects. Weapons that are precise enough to pick off the people you want gone and leave the people you don't unharmed, and can be used at extremely short ranges.
Oh no, you see, one man or a team with firearms, even powerful firearms like machine guns, are no match against an armed crowd at close range. Not only are they dependent on human reflexes, but even the fastest automatic weapon will take several seconds to cut down a crowd. No, imagine automated weapons that are faster than any but the most gifted humans could hope to be, that could cut down any man who points a firearm in a dangerous direction before he could hope to aim and fire. Weapons that can fire dozens of projectiles, simultaneously, in one single burst. Weapons that have the precision be used in the many situations where human operators would be at risk of hurting bystanders. Weapons that can effortlessly pay attention to many dozens of things at once, where a man will struggle and have his performance significantly sapped with just two or three things to keep his eyes on. It's no fantasy, my friend.
Sure, if you're looking to kill a bunch of people indiscriminately. And you have the money to pay for it. Kinda built more to be used against armored divisions of thousands of men. Useless in close ranges where the people you're trying to protect are very close to the people attacking them, e.g., anytime a firearm would be useful.
I'm getting a wee bit tired of the 'After his adventure, the hero of the previous story goes out to the middle of nowhere and does nothing. Even though he's like, only 30. And literally at the peak of his power." trope.
&gt; Over the course of ME3 your prove that you can overcome historical interspecies conflict (Krogans), the conflict between organic species and their created AIs (Rannoch) and the the temptation to seize and abuse power (Cerberus). Contrast these efforts with what we know of the Protheans, who failed to unite their species and overpowered other culture to create the Prothean Empire. ME3 could be seen as Shepard making the case that their cycle could last forever, with the Reapers acting as a final test to prove it. It's not really a new idea. Your first big problem is that none of those things actually make any difference. Everything is the 'magic win button' Crucible, and still, the Reapers essentially let Shepard win. So you'd have to come up with a way the galaxy legitimately wins on its own, first.
&gt; The Crucible is a massive engineering project requiring enormous amounts of cooperation between the council species. This is proof that the species can cooperate and have not divided. No. The Crucible is almost entirely irrelevant to the actual story. It's built completely off screen, and whatever 'help' Shepard contributes towards it is so vague and undefined as to be pointless. Just because the narrator says it happens, says it was the greatest act of awesomeness ever...that makes no difference. The narrator can say whatever he wants. You could take pretty much any story about war and say "Oh, all these other guys that the camera wasn't really focusing on just united together in the awesomest act of courage and badassness ever, and kicked the enemies butt! You should've seen it!" No, that's just as contrived and cheap of a Deus Ex Machina as anything. &gt; And getting the Crucible to the Citadel wasn't exactly easy. See, this is even worse. This isn't just 'not seeing it,' this is me seeing something that completely contradicts it. This is worse than showing nothing. I see the Crucible in the middle of the battle surrounded by Reapers, for fifteen, twenty minutes and them doing nothing. Why? I really have no idea. Any explanation I can think of immediately runs into multiple gaping plotholes. Bottom line: I'm sure BioWare very, very badly wants their story to be an epic display of the most amazing, enormous spectacle of engineering, strategy, resolve, and cooperation. But that doesn't make it so.
Indeed. It's very important to keep protestors servile. Docile. Ready to accept submission when the enthusiasm fades away. Everyone wins when protestors are kept nice and weak, both physically and mentally.
Uh-oh! I think it's time for some Redditor Economics!
&gt; I've mentioned it before that it's important to play the game, at least on your first playthrough, how you would actually react and act in the game, as if you were in Ryder's boots, but there were choices in the original 3 that perhaps you wanted to pick really badly but you couldn't because your levels were too low and were therefore forced into an option that gave consequences you weren't hoping for. This is completely incorrect and a very weak conception of how stories function.
Really joggles my noggin.
Whether something *happens* in a story is never good enough. As I patiently explained, the narrator is in complete control everywhere, all the time. The narrator can make absolutely anything happen. I can write right now "Once upon a time, Bob was the strongest, smartest, most awesomest person to ever live." I'm the narrator. my word is law. This is therefore true in the world I've created. And guess what? It's completely irrelevant. If it doesn't happen in a meaningful way, it's useless. You can take literally any story and write "And then the good guys fought really hard and defeated the bad guys. The end." Or "and then the good guys researched really hard and made a scientific weapon that beat all the bad guys. The End." Is this acceptable writing because these things now happened within the universe? Things happening is never good enough. Is that clear to you? Things happening counts for absolutely nothing. A writer can make anything happen, anywhere.
Again...no, not really. In fact, not at all. The meetings with Tali, Garrus, and Wrex go completely well. The meeting with Anderson goes well. Only person who I would say is cold is Liara. I really am struggling to see where you're getting this 'significant negativity' from.
It sounds to me like you're falling into the exact same failing. Romance is drama. And like all drama, it is dependent on conflict and resolution. That's is what BioWare needs to be focusing on. Kinda my entire point was that sex does not make romance good. And neither do 'cutesy lovely' moments.
What exactly does Cerberus do in the second game that is 'cartoonishly evil'? I literally can not think of a single thing that is 'evil' at all, let alone 'cartoonishly evil' And, for that matter, even if it was true, is that supposed to be a bad thing? We cannot even let one character exist in the story that our protagonist just has to deal with? Are we this attached to our power-fantasies that every single character we meet has to give us an option to shoot, punch, or shout into submission? That's the pattern I see. With the Catalyst. With Kai Leng. Pretty much the only two characters that stop Shepard from completing the goal the player wants...and they just have to deal with that. And the response to both of them has been frothing, ranting, rage.
&gt; You can fully immerse yourself into the character. &gt; There's nothing more to them than who you are. Uh, no. Not true, never has been true, never should be true. Shepard has a huge number the qualities the player is given no choice over. Shepard is not 'you.' That's just silly. This idea that 'the player character is you' cripples video games stories in a lot of ways that I've learned are frankly too complex for most players to grasp.
Right, so they'll have to increase wages if immigration is restricted. (Although, if you actually looked at the article it mentions this concerns refugees from Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, whom I doubt make up a significant portion of farmworkers.) But wait a minute. Reddit has always told me wages are insignificant in the determination of prices whenever the topic of minimum wage comes up. Thanks to Reddit's fact-based thinking, I know higher wages won't be a problem. Thank you Reddit, for your empirical analyses based on real evidence. So it must be something else, right? That's why I asked why.
Brexit.
There are different areas you have to be careful. I would say you ultimately have a little more freedom with writing women. You can put women in situations where they're weak or vulnerable and successfully get the audience to sympathize, where a man being in the same situation would get them contempt and derision. Conversely, when writing women, you probably ought to be more careful when putting them in positions of power and strength. It probably warrants more explanation.
That's not the most useful word when it comes to fiction. Do you mean 'what is most likely to happen were this situation to occur in the real world'? Because 99% of that would be abysmal, unforgivably incompetent writing
I am betting that something will go wrong and Ryder will 'wake up' 5 or 10 or 20 years late for some reason to provide an explanation as to why Milky Way species already have their own cities and such.
&gt; so it's entirely possible that they overheat in just a few shots. [....Probably not](https://media.giphy.com/media/v0eHX3n28wvoQ/giphy.gif) Not that there's anything wrong with that. Video games absolutely should prioritize fun and balance, and I tend to think people who complain about this sort of thing really don't understand how firearms work, and therefore how many liberties pretty much all video games take (and should take) with them.
I think you have a weak conception of Paragon and Renegade.
Uh-huh. Well, I think things like 'conservation of energy' is a concept that still applies in Mass Effect. 'Conservation of momentum' is another one. And I would say that almost all our of modern knowledge of firearms and ballistics is extremely relevant. Things like...Newton's Laws. They seem relevant enough for that guy in ME 2 to be discussing them. That sure doesn't like 'literally nothing' to me.
I watched the video. I really don't think this guy much understands what he's talking about. He says this early on when talking about the Lorentz force: &gt; The Lorentz force is a force that acts on some conductive material like a wire in response to electric current, so for example in this orange wire here under a current **I** that creates a magnetic field **B** , the wire will experience a force perpendicular to these two vectors, **F**. (He later seems to base the rest of his work off this assumption) This is all incorrect. The wire experiences no magnetic force. A current induces a magnetic field around it, but on the wire itself, the **B** field is zero. The current *induces* the magnetic field, which swirls *around* it, but it's not affected by it. Particles aren't affected by their own fields. Yes, if you have *two* wires carrying current close to each other, they will attract or repel each other depending on if the currents are going in the same direction. But this is just one. You can also think of it like this: Imagine a long, straight wire carrying current. This guy claims it experiences a force. Well..which direction? Which way does the force bend it? It's completely symmetrical. There's nothing to favor it bending one way over any other. It's like saying a particle will move because of it's gravitational field. Well, which way? Later on, I really don't know what current he's talking about when he gives this big number. The current used to maintain the magnetic field? Or the induced current from whatever source of potential is powering the weapon? It's a mess. I wouldn't give much credibility to what this guy says.
You romanced him on your first playthrough?
Heh. Maybe. Might get kind of old watching your character spend 5x the amount of time loading magazines as he actually does shooting. Plus a lot of new animations to make. You know, if you wanted to do it yourself so you lose any remaining rounds, I'm sure it couldn't be that hard. Just open up the console, find where it handles reloads, and change it from Ammo = Ammo - MagSize + RoundsInMag or whatever, to just Ammo = Ammo - Magsize.
Such as what, for curiosity's sake?
...You're really gushing up the supposed non-violence for a story where the great majority of problems will be solved with guns. They're not soldiers as in people in the military, but they're people who carry weapons and use them very frequently. I can guarantee you they're going to be a lot closer to soldiers than scientists.
I fail to see how any of this does, really, anything at all to address to actual problem we're talking about. How does any of this do anything to actually 'advance the plot'? What is Shepard actually doing throughout ME 2 and ME 3 in this supposed rewrite of yours? Furthermore, these 'improvements' sound very dubious at best. I really do not like the idea of such an absolutely massive change in the premises of the middle of the story. This is pretty much entirely rewriting the conflict in the middle of the story. What is Shepard actually trying to accomplish in the first half of ME 2?
They've been axed. Thankfully.
Kinda stretching the meaning of 'clever,' aren't we now? I would think pretty much anyone would be able to come up with such an 'experiment.'
We're all in this together, a house divided against itself cannot stand, we cannot afford to be divided, but fuck anyone who doesn't agree with me. That about right?
I think that time has passed, don't you? We're obviously extremely divided whether that means we're 'falling into anyone's trap' or not. And I don't actually think Barney platitudes of "We just need stop *hating* people and *love* people" do very much to alleviate that.
Yep. This was one of the failures in Inquisition.
Now, is that opposition to eugenics because you short-sightedly associate it with death camps and mean looking police coming to haul you from your home, strap you to an operating table, and forcibly sterilize you, or because you foolishly deny the concept of better humans existing?
Unless you have some other reason why improving humans is a bad idea? Why, if nothing else, the elimination of Cystic Fibrosis and Huntington's disease and so forth isn't a good thing?
You're living in the past, my friend. It's not 1850 anymore. Imagine: A pregnant mother gets a little injection, and a child doesn't have spend his life enduring a debillitating and expensive disease.
I am. There's no justification for condemning a person to such things if they could be fixed with such little effort.
Do you now? And why is that?
I see. It enrages you that some humans are superior to others?
See, the problem with these sort of classifications about science fiction is there literally zero popular science fiction that doesn't fall into them. Literally none. People tell me something is 'soft' science fiction, I ask them what would they say is 'hard' science fiction. They can't come up with anything. There is nothing. The only fictional work I know of that might count is Revelation Space, which is relatively obscure, and still has content that would probably be considered rather silly and Star-Warsy, like uplifted talking pigs.
And what would you claim as a story that supposedly *is* 'about science'?
I was careful to 'popular' as a preface to that. See, I haven't even heard of any of those besides Rama and the Martian. I guess the Martian might count as popular since it's become a movie. Haven't seen it.
They spent all their word budget on other stuff. Nobody's happy about it.
I have to wonder, somewhere, if there is a race of aliens that finds the stars ugly. Because that would make sense, right? If beauty is 'subjective,' and only the result of some arbitrary chemical accident?
What makes you think you're deserving of any of that?
That sounds like a a rather unnecessary butchering of the lore, don't you think? Not only does it become 'one-man civilization building,' but it requires characters somehow become construction experts because they can shoot things, for reasons.
What group exactly do you think that is a rebuttal to?
Well, I'm guessing the people on this forum tend to lean very liberal or leftist, right? And therefore someone lamenting 'fear' on this forum is probably talking about Trump or his supporters. But, just looking around, they don't really seem to be the ones consumed by 'fear' right now, do they? Look at the title of this very thread. So I'm wondering who is it, exactly, that is supposed to be 'less fearful'? Of course, it's a very weak and trite sentiment in any case. We're not giving any actual credibility to a Barney-tier platitude of "We just need to stop *fearing* people and *love* people", right?
That certainly seems to be the direction BioWare is heading towards. I'm not sure I can blame them because, ultimately, it's very easy to do and players gleefully eat it up. Can you think of a single arc or even a single event of 'awesome friendship kick-bad-guy-butt moment' that hasn't been met with squeals of delight, no matter how idiotically written it actually is?
Really not very good at all. The Crucible just being a magic 'I win' button with a bit of window dressing.
What exactly do you think is the point of that choice?
There's a difference between electromagnets and permanent magnets. The magnets you think of that stick on your refrigerator are permanent magnets. Most of the magnets used in industry are electromagnets, which only work by an electric current flowing through them that can turned on or off. (Well, permanent magnets only work with electric currents as well, but that's on an atomic level and...much more complicated.)
&gt; The MC tries to be accommodating to them and vice-versa, accepting and treating them as their own, but their relationship hits a snag when the MC realizes that instead of being accepting of the family's alien nature, he's just been tolerating them, and despite all he's learned from them, concludes that he's never cared about them on a personal level. I would be very, very careful not to portray this as a 'moral failing' of some kind. As a 'moral flaw' that a 'good person' should be taking steps to correct. I suppose it can be argued that a moral person needs to tolerate different cultures, but the idea that a moral person is under the obligation to 'care on a personal level' about them is ridiculous and offensive. This is where the idiotic concept of 'equality' breaks down. Because it's laughable to imagine one person or people who is loved, admired, respected, cherished, and another person or people who the world is indifferent to - not abused, or insulted, or hated - just invisible to the world, mostly - are 'equal.'
Well yeah, cults exist...but there's a massive difference between a few hundred people hiding in a building and not really bothering anyone outside and a group going around kidnapping and murdering civilians with military grade weapons. Waco is the only one of your examples where they actually attacked anyone, and the FBI immediately did exactly what people are making fun of FC5 for not doing: They deployed agents and locked down the area within hours and sent in military armored vehicles within one day.
Okay, this is starting to get a little silly. Of the 76 people that died after the FBI arrived and the siege actually began, every single one of them was a cult member. 100%. Not one single agent was killed, or, so far as I can tell, even injured. Were they 'heavily armed'? Considering that they were attacking the US government, not really. They had rifles, but the FBI promptly brought in armored Bradley vehicles they were completely helpless against. And even if by some ungodly miracle they had managed to stockpile rockets or something, the FBI would just brought the hammer down harder, perhaps by bringing in a couple of actual tanks or something.
You should play Planescape: Torment.
Oh yeah. The basic premise is that you begin the game dead, and wake up. As you quickly find out, you're a man who has lived countless, countless lifetimes, and each time you die your body is restored but all your memories are lost. And the plot is very simple: Find out who you are, and why you aren't able to die. And of course this involves recovering the memories of your past selves. It's pretty much universally considered one of the best if not the best video games stories ever written.
The ultimate reason is because much of the 'ideals' of the western world are saturated in hypocrisy and double think. Nobody seems to think too hard about what words like 'equality,' 'diversity,' and 'inclusion' actually mean and demand. If you actually think about it, it very clearly meets the casual definition of racism. All nation states treat countries very differently, and therefore the *citizens* of those countries very differently, based on nothing more than where they were born.
...Is there a particular reason you decided to write about this topic? Do you have anything meaningful to say about religion or cyborgs?
Okay, well it's obvious to everyone who doesn't live in the third world that religious totalitarianism is bad. Your American or European reader does not need to hear "Gosh, it turns out the totalitarian empire that kidnaps and indoctrinates children into brainwashed soldiers is actually not good." So...anything about cyborgs?
Okay, great, but do you have anything meaningful to say about that? We know evil religious nuts are evil. We know evil cyborgs are evil.
I don't really know what that means. But I know it doesn't have anything in particular to do with religion or cyborgs. You don't want to put focus on these issues if you don't have anything important to say about them. So I would keep them in the background or even drop them entirely. Just make it a war between two empires with pretty much the same technology and tactics.
Let's hope nobody in Montana has a satellite phone. And the FCC and all the telecommunications companies don't notice someone taking over their equipment.
I took 20 seconds to look at the preview and I've already lost interest. Look at all these terms you expect your reader to care about for some reason in literally the first 20 seconds of knowing about your book. * Gardenia Utopian Community * New World Order * Great Mother Celeste * Celestialism. * Old Worlders * Espers * Gardenia. * Zen van Nihil * Aiden Aka Mana * Father Ignatius * Universal Celestial Church * Zenarchism * United Revolutionary Collective * Gardenia Hegemony * Gardenia Directive I take once glance at all this and immediately decide it's too much mental effort to bother trying to figure out what the hell is going on. Click. Goodbye.
As someone who hasn't played Andromeda, is the ending 'great' and the 'polar opposite' because it's actually great writing, or just because you get the be the awesomest hero ever and win everything, punch the meanie bad guy in the face, then get sexytimes with your space girlfriend and an awesome dance party? Because that's not great writing. Considering what happened in Inquisition, I would bet it's offensively shit writing.
I wonder why I'm being downvoted, then. Do people here just legitimately not see the problem with storytelling where you punch all your problems away with the pure power of awesomeness?
&gt; "awesomest hero ever", but I'm not even sure there are any Bioware games that have endings like that, and ME:A is no exception. Inquisition had exactly that. You go whack the bad guy with your sword until he dies. The end. An idiotically pointless conflict. What's the difference between that and all the other video games that end in violence? Struggle. Inquisition had none. There was no indication the final """fight""" was anything more than a chore. You effortlessly win, and get absolutely everything you want. You're pretty much literally worshipped as the awesomest person ever. You look at any Call of Duty game, you *never* finish the game just by effortlessly shooting the bad guy the way you've shot a thousand other goons and going home. There is always some moment of great struggle, and it's only through a moment of great determination, courage, or skill - and often sacrifice - that the player character is able to emerge victorious. This is something the Call of Duty teams, who probably don't even have a full-time writer on staff, are able to get right every time. And yet I'm guessing BioWare has fucked it up twice in a row now.
There's absolutely nothing 'optimistic' or 'positive' about dullards and weaklings running errands and having everything go their way and everyone bow down to them because of Space Magic and the Pure Awesomeness Power. That's not positive, it's offensive and idiotic. *Actual* optimism is about triumph. And triumph is about struggle. Actually confronting evil, suffering, violence, loss, fear, and misery to overcome them,
&gt; I often find myself knowing how to say something in English but not in German. That makes me feel a little better about learning German. I'm assuming you're a native speaker.
It seems obvious to me no DLC is a incredibly good thing. Obvious the other way around. Because it's pretty irrefutable proof that BioWare and EA are very much acknowledging that something went very, very wrong.
The new Tomb Raider games, while overall very good, are definitely not RPGs.
....eeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhh...'decent' is the right word. The writing was satisfying enough, but it never came even remotely close to some of the great moments of the OT. The two are nowhere even near the same level. And I frankly doubt any of your other examples are either. Besides, a lot of appeal of the new Lara is the extreme quality of the animation and the very high quality voice acting, and maybe not so much the actual words coming out of her mouth.
Traveling from Chorral To Kvatch, clearing out a bandit camp and sleeping on top of a hill in the middle of the wilderness, waking up to the awesome Oblivion level up message and the sun rising. Blew my mind.
Congratulations, I guess? Like I said, it was satisfying enough. I don't have any interest in anything CDPR does, the obvious pretend morality is just ridiculous, although I guess BioWare isn't any better these days. As for Deus Ex...eh...it's a story that doesn't seem to actually have anything to say about the issues it tries to explore.
I didn't play it at all. Like I said, no interest. I read enough here and there to guess it's probably very much morally along the lines of Game of Thrones or Walking Dead or something like that. That sort of pretend morality. Is that correct? I don't have any patience for that sort of thing.
In short: The glamorization and fetishization of evil.
I legitimately became angry when I watched the trailer for that garbage. When the Inquisitor shouts "Why can't anything in this fucking world stay fixed?!" Minus the profanity, it's a line of dialogue I would expect from a cartoon villain in a show for 8 year olds. The sheer arrogance BioWare gleefully encourages is astounding. How dare not everything in the entire world obey me? How dare not not everything in the entire world not go exactly how I want it? And this is what BioWare thinks the ultimate hero looks like. I used Call of Duty as an example because I know it's a franchise that everyone recognizes. And since you seem to have missed it, the fact that Call of Duty is not known for very good storytelling is the whole point. Call of Duty is not very good and they've mastered this. They get it right every time. But it's apparently too complicated for BioWare to pull off. At this point, I'm confident in saying that Call of Duty has been wiping the floor with the BioWare writers for years now, since ME3 was finished.
No? No characters or conflicts where evil is capable, evil is sexy, evil is badass, evil is glamorous? Evil is the Wolf. Isn't the right? The 'Wolf among Sheep.' Morals and ideals are for the weaklings, the sheep, who can't face the world as it *really* is and do what needs to be done. Because in this world of wolves, only the strong survive. There's none of that?
The fundamental core of all proper drama is redemption. I don't think I'd be able to come with a single great (and by great I mean *great*) moment in fiction that is not in some form about redemption.
Lord of the Rings? My pick as the best film ever made, even with my problems with the ending that were a holdover from the books?
A track record whose last game is Dragon Age: Inquisition, one of the most miserably uninspired and pointless open worlds I've suffered through, packaged along with laughable writing and yawn worthy mechanics. But, to be fair, also the original ME trilogy.
Eh. I hope this is better than the Golden Path and Rakyat. Mostly they were just really annoying and got in the way. Plus I got really sick of hearing "Eagle, eagle watch out!" and "It's over, it's finally over!" and them firing their rifles in the air for 10 minutes straight anytime I was within 100 meters of a Golden Path group.
If it never comes up in the story, does the reader really need to know about it?
I'm not sure if that meets the definition of a Red Herring...although Barty Crouch in the Goblet of Fire certainly does.
Oh shit, I meant Ludo Bagman, not Barty Crouch. Yes, Barty Crouch is definitely not a Red Herring. But Ludo Bagman is.
Possibly because they might do more damage to the brand than they would bring in revenue. Hardly ridiculous, whether or not that's what's happening here.
I see. Could you go ahead and spoil what the circumstances of those 'correct' responses are for me? What the better results are?
Uh-huh. Well I doubt anyone becomes a published author without having their work praised by someone, somewhere. Besides, it's possible it may not be an issue of quality. It could be the books heavily hint at content they don't think they're going to be able to do anymore, or something like that.
Is it reasonably clear which choice is right?
That problem was addressed in ME 3.
Does a reasonably attentive player have a high chance of being able to know those correct answers? Is there even any of way knowing at all? Or is it more just a dice roll?
That sounds like an incredibly poorly thought out encounter.
&gt; I want them to weigh, in their minds, the cost of letting anarchy reign, of resorting to cold blooded murder, if it ensures a better future. Why?
I'm getting a rather unpleasantly pedantic 'Methods of Rationality' vibe from all this.
Probably because she's publicly said a lot of dumb things in the past couple of years, and has tried on multiple occasions to use her story as 'moral evidence.' (You need to support this because it's what Harry/Dumbledore would do.)
It makes me feel better, learning German, to know that professional translators working on one of the most popular and profitable stories in existence still make huge screw-ups.
Maybe. We'd have to know what the core of the gameplay is, what the player is actually doing. RPGs are overwhelmingly built on combat, so it's worth thinking about what kind of enemies the player would probably be fighting, and how.
Yeah...there's just so many hurdles. Almost all RPGs have to find excuses to throw enemies at the player more or less constantly. I have a really hard time seeing how they write a school setting the player takes seriously when they get attacked in the hallway every 30 seconds or so. Plus there's a ton of issues about the use of violence against children. A ton of issues about how much content from the books and plot you include. It probably wouldn't be too hard to set it a bajillion years in the past, and have dark wizards and magical creatures and whatever all running around for the player to fight, but at that point it's kind of iffy if it's really 'Harry Potter' in a meaningful sense anymore, or just a generic fantasy setting where all combat is magical instead of with swords or bows.
Let me ask you a question. What do you think about a person or people whom the world is indifferent to? They're not insulted, or mocked, or hated. Nobody goes up to them and shouts slurs in their face. But neither are they loved, or admired, or cherished. It's always someone else, in the movies, who gets the Big Damn Kiss in the rain with their true love. Meanwhile, they're always the person who stands off the side and claps. It's always someone else who is on the billboards as sexy and desirable and the person everyone wants. It's always someone else that people fantasize about. Dream about. Nobody hates them, or dislikes them, or insults them. They're just...invisible, really. Nobody hates them, but nobody really wants them. What do you think about that?
Doesn't matter. Having a perfectly reasonable explanation in-universe neither justifies nor excuses bad writing and bad game design.
'Acceptance'?
If you can't answer the riddle the door makes you sleep in the hall. What about people who aren't very good at riddles?
&gt; Forced to watch his mother take the king’s seed night after night, This sounds really fucking cringey for what I assume you want to be a published novel. I feel like I'm reading something off Literotica. At the absolute very least, you should find a way to say that more neutrally and professionally.
No, but it doesn't matter. The """"""""""""best""""""""""""" ending only requires an EMS of 3100, so long as you have the Extended Cut downloaded. Fun fact: Nobody actually knows if the original requirement of playing multiplayer to get the best ending was the fault of BioWare really being that fucking stupid or a bug. There were forum posts by different staff members suggesting both. It's hard to imagine there is a human being or group of human beings out there who works or worked at BioWare, who manage to feed and dress themselves and pass a job interview and haven't been run over by a car and be so incomprehensibly idiotic as to think it's a good idea to lock off the best ending to people who aren't interested in multiplayer. But on the other hand, it's hard to imagine how they could possibly fuck up either a very simple if-then statement or basic arithmetic.
Boy, wouldn't it be a tragedy if they wasted an actual good story on a multiplayer-mandatory grindfest.
Because of the scene where the player finds the gun. That tells me this is almost certainly a game with drop tables and randomized loot (and not just petty loot, but likely weapons and whatnot the player actually wants.)
This is a very weak minded, shallow, and often factually incorrect analysis.
It's just a title for the American audience. I'm assuming 'Philosopher' has a stronger connotation to a general knowledge-seeker for the Brits, while for Americans it's probably much more specific to one area of study, and not an overwhelmingly well respected one.
Several reasons. I'm not sure how much I feel like typing, so here's the first. Take a look at this sentence. &gt; "Like Newt, Dumbledore preaches tolerance, and the co-existence of magical beings, wizards, and muggles. Do people really believe this? Okay. Let's take 10 seconds to actually look past the pretty buzzwords and actually stop and think about how colossally, laughably wrong this is. The world of Harry Potter is not and never has been some sort of beacon for tolerance, acceptance, and inclusion. From the very beginning to the very end, the magical world is a world for one kind of people and one kind people only: Wizards. A world of adventure and beauty for whatever slice of the population the can use magic, and for them only. Harry Potter is a world about as far from 'co-existence' as it's possible to be. There is a 'wall' around Hogwarts, around Diagon Ally, (and implied to be around pretty much every magical location) that is far more effective than anything we in the real world could build. It's literal sole purpose of existence is to prevent 'co-existence.' To enforce segregation. And never - never once in all seven books is this questioned, by anyone. Not by Dumbledore, not by Harry, not by Hermione. Hermione, who generally acts as the most immediate moral voice of the series, who campaigns on behalf of the House Elves and bemoans the fate of the giants, never once questions the all powerful wall forever separating the Muggle and magical worlds. And since nobody questions it, not good characters, not bad characters, it's therefore presented by the story and by Rowling herself as a 'moral truth.' As morally legitimate. Muggles are not welcome in this world. They have no place or purpose here. Now, that's a moral truth Dumbledore explains very kindly to Lily in his letter when she begs to come to Hogwarts, but that doesn't make the eternal magical wall she will never be allowed to cross any less firm and uncompromising. The simple, overwhelmingly obvious fact is, this **IS** a story where everything is dependent on blood, and never once does anyone do anything or ever even *think* anything to challenge that. It's blood that determines whether you get to enter the magical world of excitement and adventure or have to stay in the dreary, dull Muggle world.
Perhaps those are the sort of questions we should have seen characters asking if Rowling really wanted them to be the ultimate paragons of tolerance and inclusion.
&gt; The question on AI has become quite protracted to such a point by the end of ME3, the only resolution the writers could think of was a made-up space magic on integrating synthetic and organic life. That's just nonsense. In fact, pretty much the opposite is true. Whatever conflict between AI and organics was shown to more-or-less have been resolved in ME 3 with the geth and quarians, and the ending foolishly tried to bring it back with effectively zero content in the story supporting it because they were clearly desperate to give the Reapers some type of motive. As for how these sorts of conflicts need to handled? The story needs to have something to say beyond "Well gosh, player, whatever you think is right I guess" when the player makes a choice. That's just a stupid waste of everyone's time, but tragically rampant among RPGs because it's so easy to write.
Is that an actual quote from someone? I'm not making an accusation here, folks. I literally just want to know if this is a quote someone said. Given, you know, being surrounded by quotation marks.
Uh....I wasn't agreeing with anything. I was just proposing a possibility for Eurasia uniting.
Perhaps you could start with very high immigration continuing for decades consisting of people who have little particular loyalty or respect for the societies of their new homes, combined with very high birth rates and stagnant birth rates for natives. Advances in automation resulting in a massive, continually growing, and largely ethnically homogeneous underclass more or less subsidized entirely by the state, resentful and contemptuous against the 'producer' class and vice-versa. An underclass democratic institutions are increasingly forced to cater towards.
Have you considered why you even want 'diverse' characters in the first place?
I see. And from the sound of it, these events will presented as 'moral revelations' to the reader. The reader's short-sighted, simplistic concept of morality will be broken down. Is that correct?
Uh-huh. Of course, the reader *always* decides such things, right? It's not as if you're granting the reader some sort of intellectual freedom that other stories have somehow denied them. No book grows an arm and points a gun at the reader's head and forces them to agree with whatever the narrator said. The reader is 100% free to decide who is right and wrong in any and every story they read, no matter what the narrator wants. And even if that wasn't the case, you're ascribing just as much morality to these factions as a story with a complete and obvious good and a complete and obvious evil, right? The narrator - which is you - is not silent. He's not just presenting objective facts and events to the reader like some sort of ideal journalist and letting them think for themselves, come to their own conclusions. No. Of course not. If that was true, it would be impossible to disagree with him. But when you present these factions as equal, you're making every bit as much of a moral assertion as the narrator presenting one faction as totally good and the other as totally evil. What if I disagree that they're equal?
Seeds and water?
Why would that matter, exactly? The Earth is also full of people working boring jobs in cubicles, or as cashiers in gas stations. It's full of people sitting in traffic. It's full of people being completely uninteresting and unexciting. Is that what we should start telling stories about now? There are demographics laughably underrepresented in fiction that nobody seems to have any interest in portraying. When's the last time you included a story featuring a morbidly obese character? How often are ugly characters present in virtuous roles? No, 'this is what's common in the real world' is never a justification.
So, to sell more?
Sweaty corns and honeyed everything.
&gt; The real issues with bloodlines are within the magical community No. Wrong. Rowling tries to *make* them the real issue because the 'issue' of Half-bloods and Muggle-borns is idiotically simple to solve: Let them into the magical world. Everyone wins. Everyone is happy. Everyone gets awesomeness and magic. The only people who oppose it are the silly, stupid Death Eaters and lame old pureblood families, driven completely by irrational, pointless, hatred. But the issue of Muggles doesn't have such a simple answer now, does it? If we actually stop and think about Muggles and the magical world, we have to face some actually difficult questions about what kind of place and purpose Muggles have, and maybe decide that 'co-existence' and 'inclusion' isn't always all that great after all. It sounds like you did that right now, doesn't it? Wizards and muggles mixing is dangerous, so that means suddenly means segregation is okay? Rowling doesn't have any answer to these hard questions, does she? So what does she do? She puts her fingers in her ears and screams "LALALALALALALALA I CAN'T HEAR YOU." The issue is *100% ignored.* Nobody talks about it. Nobody *thinks* about it. But unfortunately for Ms. Rowling, and unfortunately for you, problems in the real world don't go away by putting your fingers in your ears, do they? Harry Potter supports 'inclusion' and 'co-existence' when it's convenient, and **only** when it's convenient. Only when it doesn't get in the way of the magic and the adventure and the beauty. Blood totally doesn't matter at all, as long you're one of the lucky ones who gets to be a wizard. If not? Blood absolutely matters. You're not wanted here. You're not welcome here. Stay in the dull, dreary Muggle world where your kind belongs. And all of that - all of it - would be perfectly fine by itself. What makes it not fine is Rowling going around pretending she's written some grand masterpiece of 'diversity' and 'tolerance.'
It's writing checks they could never cash. There was no way they could ever have written a motive simultaneously incomprehensible beyond all human understanding yet sensible to the player when they finally actually learn it.
No, because their behavior absolutely screams some sort of very precise goal. Some goal beyond just killing, beyond just wiping out life. It might work in a story about a general alien invasion, but not for the Reapers.
Boy, it's just amazing how quickly people reverse their 'ideals' about just about every single storytelling principle whenever they run into an obstacle... Yes, for this kind of villain, it's necessary. Giving the player such massive hints and clues and then having absolutely nothing to show for it is unacceptable.
It's incredibly easy to make something 'mysterious' when you don't actually have to do any of the work to answer those questions.
HP Lovecraft wrote villains that were never meant to be confronted in any meaningful sense. While the entire plot of ME is confronting and overcoming the Reapers. I really don't know much about Dark Souls, but I've never any particular praise for the writing.
The villain being given a motive instead of killing for literally no reason is not a story 'treating you like an idiot.'
&gt; Somehow, someone at Bioware thought that the Reapers should come back and he also thought that he could make it somehow plausible that it should be doable to fight a fleet of thousands of the things. This is basically saying "Someone at BioWare was stupid enough to think the Reapers should be Reapers." The Reapers are going to invade the galaxy and bulldoze everything because that's their purpose in the story. That's the sole reason they exist. No matter how successful Shepard is in alternate-universe ME 2 at building some super-fleet, the Reapers are going to come along and destroy it all because that's their purpose as villains. They exist solely to be overwhelmingly more powerful, overwhelmingly more more advanced enemies. Was that dumb? Would another plot have worked better? Maybe, but if we're getting rid of the Reapers, the parts in ME 1 have to be thrown out like everything else.
How does it kneecap the story's potential?
Sure. I don't see how demographic 'diversity' inherently makes you a better writer or storyteller. Maybe you could explain that to me.
&gt; Muggles can't do magic. Even if one waving a wand could be potentially disastrous. There are more Muggles than there are wizards; the magical community separates itself for its own protection from persecution. I see. So because of this, 'co-existence' is actually a pretty stupid idea, right? We need a wall. We need segregation. It's really for the best that wizards and muggles don't mix. Is that correct?
Don't read Cursed Child.
Well, the clear and obvious hypocrisy of it all is very irritating, don't you think? Something we seem to see pretty much everywhere these days. But there's really no reason for you to be upset at this. We seem to be at a point of proven agreement: Co-existence is bad. Segregation is good. At least in this case, anyway. You've quoted several pieces of evidence supporting exactly that. And now, at the last step, where all I'm doing is asking you to explicitly confirm what you've been saying all along, you become enraged, infuriated, defensive. It's almost as if you've held on to these 'buzzwords' all your life. All your life, repeating them and having them repeated to you by your school, your friends, your Facebook or Tumblr no doubt. "Equality", "tolerance," "diversity," "co-existence." And now I just have to pry them out of your little fingers with a crowbar. Have you ever once actually thought about what those words mean? What they demand? They aren't just pretty synonymes for 'love' and 'awesomeness.' I know that's exactly how they're used on television, and magazines, and advertisements, and in politics, but it would be a foolish mistake to let those things be our guide in life.
Firstly, why couldn't the Reapers just explain to these civilizations what happens when they use FTL, ask them not to develop it, and only attack if they actually do develop it and only the spaceships or whatever themselves? Secondly, you haven't accomplished anything just by having two choices that are shit. I don't see any point to this whole story. What about this is supposed to be a story worth telling?
I fail to see how that would be hypocrisy.
I am going to explain this as slowly and simply as I can, using small words. There are stories I like with diverse characters. There are stories I like where everyone is white and straight. I do not think diversity is necessarily bad. I do not think diversity is necessarily good. When I was enjoying those stories full of straight, white characters, never once did I think there was some inherent, fundamental failure in the cast that needed a black person or a gay person to somehow correct. I know this is a writing sub, and logic is not the strong point of people here, but I really do not think this is a very complex idea to grasp. Let me repeat myself very explicitly. There is a difference between thinking 'diversity is bad' and not agreeing that any sort without diversity is inherent 'kneecapped.' I do not agree that a lack of a diversity 'kneecaps' stories. Is that something you are able to understand? So why don't you answer the question I've asked several times now: How does a demographically non-diverse cast 'kneecap' stories? The answer to that question is not "Why do you hate diversity?"
You aren't very good at logic and analytical reasoning, are you? Your comparison is laughable. &gt; Are they pushing for segregation or something? If they build an entire alternative society where straight people are not welcome? A society gay people are **required** to attend if they want to be gay? (Because of course wizards are not allowed to be openly magical in the Muggle world. Your choices are either join the magical world, or abandon your magic and live as a Muggle.) Yes, it is stupidly obvious they would be pushing for segregation. This is not a 20 minute after school program.
Lol. So many people in this thread who get their cues on how the world works from television.
Well it looks like they're just screwed then, aren't they now? The Wizarding World will gladly make that choice for you by snapping your wand if you don't obey their laws of who you're allowed to be magical around.
Is this a game or interactive story or something?
There are very few stories that manage to not be pointless without both some kind of struggle and some kind of triumph. So I would make sure whatever plot you're thinking about has those.
Yeah, it's fine. Just information we should know. Which one? If it's something like a story you'll post online and update based on feedback or votes, you can make it pretty tough. If it's a video game meant to played by a single person by themselves, it's gotta be waaaaaaaaaaaay easier.
I wonder how well the complete swampiness of Florida in the summer clashes with the snowy European village theme.
Reading the article convinced me to take 3 minutes to sign up for Pottermore and take the Sorting Hat quiz. Er...anyone else think it really kind of sucks? Half of the questions are just asking silly crap. Do I like the violin or the piano, do I want a cat or an owl, forest or river, black or white? And the ones that aren't irrelevant are really simplistic and transparent. Do I want to be wise, good, great, or bold? Boy, it sure is a mystery which houses these correspond to. It's just a little internet quiz, but still...it's the official website of a cash cow franchise. Ravenclaw, for the record.
Unfortunately, there's an enormous trend demanding that this is the direction "mature" fiction inherently must go, and any story that doesn't is for children/immature/afraid to acknowledge 'reality.'
Lie.
A 'strong' currency is not indicative of a strong or well preforming economy. Governments often deliberately weaken their currency to try and improve their economies.
* I wish comments about what gifts people like were a lot more common, especially for characters that only love rare or obscure gifts the player is very unlikely to guess. (Shane, Elliot, Linus) Right now players are pretty much stuck with with either using a guide (which feels like cheating) or brute-forcing a lot of characters with mountains of 'like' gifts. Neither option is great. Preferably, the comments would be a little more subtle and natural than "I really love X/This person really loves X" but nonetheless clear. * I wish characters didn't default to one conversation line in certain areas. Gus is the big problem here. Since he only leaves the saloon once a week, the player is stuck getting the same "I'm glad you're here, player, you're always welcome here." line over and over and it's frustrating to raise the friendship level. * Small thing, but I wish we could re-order the friendship list. It feels a little weird having the most recent (and therefore, probably the least liked) villagers at the top. * I wish every item in the game that can be sold in the box could be sold to a character, so players could choose not to use the box. * I wish the 'daily review' screen didn't depend on putting something in the box to appear.
&gt; Which items can be sold in the box but not to a shopkeeper? Artifacts are the big ones. &gt; Why would this screen be helpful when nothing has been sold? It's not, I just think it's a nice 'end of the day' touch and it feels off when I don't see it.
I think pretty much all players are going to have the automatic barn and coop by the time their children grow up.
Why are you using the word 'actually' for something virtually nobody disagrees with?
That doesn't make any sense.
You could probably mod that yourself in literally 30 seconds.
Hmm. Interesting. I think the OP just worded the title poorly. The basic premise to me seems to me that the rise in value of land is generally socially, not privately created and therefore the profit should be distributed socially, not privately. The immediate question that rises to my mind is what if the land loses values? What if the community shrinks or deteriorates, or there's a natural disaster? Is that landowner compensated for the loss? What happens if the value of the land is affected by an unambiguous private actor? Perhaps more fundamentally, there's lots of things people buy at one price to sell for higher price later without putting in any work. I'm certainly not ready to outlaw that, and I don't grasp any fundamental reason why land is different.
These ideas would not work at all.
Don't be fat.
This is bad writing because it's bad writing. It wouldn't suddenly become acceptable if male characters started fawning over each other too. That would just mean every character is a mess, not just the female ones.
I'm interested. I didn't see the film, but I have a hard time being respectful of a hyper-corporate franchise chiding me about the virtues of....whatever it is that's presented as the ideal hero here. Perhaps you could offer some insight?
There are several reasons why that probably wouldn't work very well. That being said, it would probably be very easy to mod it yourself.
Attack rifles?
You know, if you're playing on an Xbox One or a Playstation 4, they both have software built in to take screenshots.
You'll be missing out on things that make farming easier and more efficient. Edit: Ah, you also included raising animals. Okay, that's not too bad. Mostly you'll just have to buy all your ore. Ooooooooooh. I just remembered you can't buy quartz. That's going to make things tricky.
It's not the glitches or the graphics that make it a disappointment.
Bad story. The reception of the gameplay (as in, the combat) has been mixed as to whether it's an improvement or not.
My advice is be very sure not to mistake your mental health issues and 'dark thought patterns' as some sort of enlightened philosophical wisdom.
Begin by considering why anyone would or should care about reading it.
I see. So it's an 'overcoming-abuse-success-story'?
That's good. It means you're far less likely to make the most common mistake with these sorts of stories: Being pointless.
1. What's the reasoning behind that? 2. You're not a public service.
Do you think the journalism industry as it is now is that 'medicine'? Our daily source of facts, evidence, morality and truth? Truth and Morality™, brought to you by the Guardian, by the Washington Post, by the New York Times? Is that what I'm supposed to accept and acknowledge?
I shouldn't have said "facts, evidence, morality and truth" in the same group as if they're deserving of equal derision. When this industry tries to be the eyes and ears of it's readers, it's decent. Or at least not offensive. I don't think the facts and evidence and wrong. But when it tries to be the brains, when it tries to sell me morality - and for anything bigger than the local paper and news station, it does, seemingly all the time, everywhere - I look at it and I just feel disgust.
The ending scenario is very, very similar to a well known video game released in the past few years. Doesn't mean you can't do it, but be aware. You need to really make sure the princess is incredibly likeable, or your farm boy is just going to lose all credibility with the reader when they feel he's making an incredibly stupid choice.
Yup. And I would be careful with that. Being stupid and short-sighted as a teenager is certainly realistic, but it won't stop the reader from getting frustrated.
I'm at a point of just assuming these sorts of articles are outright fabrications until there's been significant substantiation, which there effectively never is. 'Fake News,' as it were. Here's what a very nice person in the r/AskHistorians had to say about this general topic a while ago. &gt; We have no literary evidence (which, honestly, is all we've got, as the archaeology is inconclusive at this point, and so far as I know, we have no osteoarchaeological analysis of women buried with weapons to see if they have wounds or deformities associated with combat) to suggest that women fought alongside men in the 8th-11th centuries in Scandinavia. There are förnaldursögur which tell of women warriors, but those are entirely fictional and should not be used to support the idea. &gt; Freydís Eíriksdóttír famously scared off the skrælingar who attacked her campsite in Vínland, but that, I don't think, is sufficient evidence for warrior women in a non-legendary context. And concerning the basis of the article here, a skeleton buried with weapons... &gt; The trend in current research, for more than two decades now, is to interpret burial as a social display or competition that is only tangentially related to the corpse's actual profession in life. People were buried to look like warriors, but barring osteological evidence that the person was actually engaged in combat, it's too easy to come to the wrong conclusions if we say more.
&gt; "Characters have traits and whether or not that trait is a flaw is purely circumstantial" No. Obviously all human qualities cannot be divided into a list a pure, shining good to be lauded and heinous evil to be stamped out. But the idea that human qualities (and thus, human themselves) are nothing but different 'flavors' which we all have different palettes for with no moral or intellectual attachments - that's just a load of crap. And there's just no reason why characters would respond to such a classification scheme. Even the authors' own mild examples demonstrate this failing. You can have a character who loves animals, but will get bitten if they try to hug the wrong one. *Or*...you might have a character who loves animals but isn't actually stupid enough to try and pet obviously wild, dangerous, or hostile ones. That sure sounds like objectively better to me. You can have a character who is stubborn and doesn't like to change his mind. *Or*...you can have a character who listens to reason when he's wrong and stands his ground when he's right. Objectively better.
Does anything unexpected happen during the ending? Does the protagonist ever have to improvise? Is there any one moment, one sequence where the protagonist has a moment of great strength or courage or teamwork or sacrifice or whatever to turn the tables on his enemies, and changes the situation from dire and desperate to victorious?
That all sounds good to me.
You are using the word 'nations' to give off a completely wrong impression, as if 'nations' somehow makes it a hugely impressive thing. The existence of Native American 'nations' does not imply some grand population or technology or much of anything at all, really.
Yes. That's exactly the point. They're call 'nations' today. You said the word 'nations' in nice little italics as if being a 'nation' was some kind of extra-super-cool-mega-awesome-impressive thing. It's really not, is it? There are plenty of Native American 'nations' that are basically failed states. That's not extra-super-cool-mega-awesome-impressive, is it? I just wanted to make sure we all understand that.
Ah. My mistake. *He* said the word 'nations' in nice little italics as if being a 'nation' was some kind of extra-super-cool-mega-awesome-impressive thing. Better?
Right, right, there's just a very considerable gap between what appears in our minds when someone says the word 'nation,' and how it applies to Native Americans. I just wanted to make sure we're all clear.
Of course not. Where on Earth did you get such a fiction? They're failed states because of extreme poverty, unemployment, and crime. Because the state has failed to support and protect basic necessities of modern civilization. It has nothing to do with history.
Here's an introduction. Enjoy. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reservation_poverty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reservation_poverty)
Why is this supposed to be worth caring about?
I think I've heard pretty much that exact story several dozen times. Is there something about this one that makes it special for some reason?
What the fuck is 'upskilling' supposed to mean? You're a "sales engineer"? Is that a salesman?
Which leaves me confused as to why Inquisition was received so well.
It really was a disappointment that Rowling had Umbridge gleefully go along with the Death Eaters in book 7. Sirius even says, point-blank, that the world isn't divided into good people and Death Eaters when talking about her. Umbridge was a sycophant. She shouldn't have been capable of being basically a Death Eater.
I didn't like that either. I think she worked best as a complete puppet.
Rowling has said so, so apparently. You would think it would happen more often. Also, what about a one-night stand where the man and women don't love each other? Or any other kind of sex or relationship where people don't love each other?
Maybe she was double in love with you and never told you, so it all worked out the same.
Ah. I stand corrected.
Well, foods certainly don't have the same Calorie density...
Yep. Only downside is that it's not free, but for $5 a month, it's definitely worth it.
Why don't we try being honest with ourselves for once? It really isn't about 'redemption', is it? Plenty of readers are gleefully eager to accept murderers, period.
What are you talking about? All writing software I know of does this automatically.
...When you start a new chapter, you skip the rest of the page and write "CHAPTER TWO" or whatever in big letters on the next one. There. Problem solved. Your chapters are set up. Every writing software program in existence allows you to do this.
...Why is this "LOL"? I'm reminded of the missiles North Korea has been testing. Yep, they obviously failed, they failed quite a lot, but they clearly learned, they made improvements, and they eventually succeeded.
Are you sure you want to go down to just a couple of thousand humans? That makes a lot of things a whole lot harder to explain or justify, and doesn't sound to me like it gives any advantages aside from a general tone of 'super-ultra-extra-mega-desperate.' Is that the tone you want all the time, everywhere? The only time I can think of that went in that direction is the old *Exmortis 2* flash game I played on Newgrounds years and years ago. Works fine for a 15 minute flash game, but might not work so well for a much longer story.
&gt; I actually got told the more attractive I looked, the more tips I would make. Okay. You're using the word 'actually' here, but was it true?
You know, this whole 'second personality' and 'deepest, darkest thoughts' spiel is not something we should really be encouraging. I think that's pretty much every person in the world. Every person in the world is going to act differently in a situation where there are no consequences except the consequences they want, where they have complete control over who wins and who loses, over who's the most awesome badass ever and who's a pathetic loser. That's not a super deep dark secret. That's about as simple and mundane and psychology gets.
The 'sheep people,' huh?
Mmm. Perhaps you could help me out with a real-life example?
That's more of a definition. Do you think you could give me an *example*?
Be a beautiful women and give a big, warm smile. Seriously. That will be much better than any crap you can say in 15 seconds.
&gt; If you read the things he thinks and says there are many examples of him struggling to cope and handle his thoughts and emotions. Nothing beyond what pretty much every teenager goes through. Much less a teenager consistently exposed to magic and life or death scenarios.
&gt; It's not like the abuse has given Harry so low self-worth that he doesn't hesitate to risk his own life to save others, even to a the point of suicidal recklessness. And it definitely hasn't eroded his faith in adults to the extent that he rarely thinks of even asking them for help. Okay, how about we not pretend to be psychologists and go throwing around buzzwords, when the actual simple, obvious reason this all happens is because it makes a fun story?
'Suicidally low self-worth' is not something to go throwing around. Besides, it seems to me that Harry pretty consistently asks adults for help, and has no problems or phobias interacting with or trusting them.
&gt; '[such] low self-worth that he doesn't hesitate to risk his own life to save others, even to a the point of suicidal recklessness' That sounds to me like it's exactly what you said. And fine. You're right, thinking about it, there are a lot of points where Harry doesn't tell adults stuff. But it's never presented as the result of any kind of anxiety or low-self esteem or trust issues or any of that nonsense. Harry just doesn't think of it. (Neither do Ron or Hermione, and there's no evidence they suffering anything even approaching abuse.) And when he *does* think of it, he's able to talk to them confidently and honestly.
You know, I know these sorts of threads are the last places to go looking for critical reasoning and self-awareness, but have you considered the implications of framing your opponent as, basically, superior? Because Voldemort is, right? He's better at magic than anyone in the series. He's presented as smarter than anyone in the series. (Whether that actually works in the plot is iffy, but that's true for pretty much every character.) These things that Hermione is supposed to be the best at, that these little signs are supposed to have us gushing in glee over, Voldemort is better. Now I know people are going to be enraged at me pointing this out all, but this is all content straight from the books. So...has any of that been considered...or...what's the thought process here?
Right, see, that's the whole 'whether that actually works in the plot is iffy' I specifically mentioned. Basically every involved in the central plot makes dumb mistakes. But as far as what the story intended, it seems to me Voldemort was intended to be portrayed as smart. Yes, Harry 'wins,' but it's pretty much the weakest and worst part of the story, with all sorts of plot holes and frankly just poor reasoning, not to mention an *explictly* huge amount of sheer luck. I'm sure you understand that the first rule of any kind of analysis of fiction is that stories cannot prove things. They can only enunciate them. A writer can make anyone they want win and anyone they want lose. They can make anyone they want the ultimate badass and anyone they want a pathetic loser.
Is being 'absolute wankers' going to stop them from being better? From being the winners?
Uh-huh. Wait long enough and the meany-poos will go away. Is that correct? I don't quite understand the reasoning behind trying to bring Hermione into that strategy. I don't see how Hermione particularly relates to that. Maybe you could enlighten me?
Okay, like I just said, it really doesn't prove anything at all. Hoorey, in the Harry Potter universe 'love' means you get a super magic charm that protects you from the meany people. That's nice. Rowling could have just as easily written being evil makes your head explode because magic. What happens the next time a Dark Lord comes along and is not actually an idiot? Who goes and murders people and creates Horcruxes, but just buries them in the Sahara? Who simply paralyzes people and separates them before methodically executing them one by one so they never get a chance to activate the super-duper charm of Sacrifice and Love? That sounds pretty easy to me. It sounds to me like if a Dark Lord ever figures that out, the 'power of love' is completely useless, and the good guys really should just quietly lay down on the ground and wait to die.
Voldemort is just a person. He's not an idea. People die, but ideas live on, correct? Does Good triumph over Evil or does it not? Because it seems to be, that actually, Evil is stronger. All Evil has to do is, like I said, bury Horcruxes somewhere, and paralyze and separate people before executing them. And then bye-bye 'power of love.' And Good is just hoping really, really, really hard that never happens. Just looking at that objectively, it seems to me that Evil is a much smarter bet. What do you think?
Oh? Do explain.
Except for a small number of species near Chernobyl, mainly wild mushrooms and certain fish, there is effectively zero contribution from Chernobyl on any human foods. Same with Fukushima on any fish 10 km or more from the bay. The contribution of all human activity (nuclear accidents, weapons testing, waste disposal) on radiation is food is generally 1/100 to 1/1000 of the dose recieved in the same food from natural radiation. And that's just food, it doesn't consider the much larger doses naturally recieved from solar radiation and inhalation.
This sounds quite a bit worse than 'Artistic liberty.' The book is someone's intellectual property. In addition, it doesn't sound like the translater is responsible for this. I think the publisher made deliberate edits after it was already translated.
That seems to bring up the plothole of why anyone would use fusion cores that last for fifteen minutes instead of a power plant that lasts for decades. Particularly for a game where your character is a good enough engineer to assemble a working fusion power plant from junk. I don't think you're considering hard enough the simple fact that maybe 1% of players are going to know and be thinking about this little factoid. It seems to me it's much better to quietly forgot about a tiny detail completely irrelevant to any plot or character content from 20 years ago that almost nobody knows or cares about, than go trying to dig it up, write some weak and flimsy explanation, and now have a much much larger percentage of players thinking about it.
It kind of says something about how much thought has been put into this when we're basing our reasoning of why Voldemort is bad on hilariously cartoony stuff like "Love is literally outlawed."
Basically because the books resort to giving Voldemort, as I said in my other comment, the rather cartoony motive of hating love. Also because, despite how laughably self-congratulatory this community is of its supposed 'inclusion,' Harry Potter is indisputably a fiction series where Beauty is Good and Ugliness is Evil. The first introduction we have of most Death Eaters is how ugly they are. Whether they have a "long, twisted, pale face" or are "pock-marked" or are "squat and lumpy."
Hmm. So perhaps, if Voldemort was just a normal guy, who maybe had a wife and children he loved very much, but basically advocated the same things concerning wizards and muggles, how would things be different?
What 'dark arts'? 'Dark arts' to do what?
Uh, I never said it was bad. I stand behind the concept of the 'Ideal Hero' 100%. And that absolutely includes physical appearance. I absolutely believe that beauty is a moral good, both in the environment around us (both natural and man-made) and in ourselves. My contempt and disgust isn't for the books. It's for the endless hypocrisy of the people who talk about them.
I assume that was meant for my other comment. 'Torture' who? Why? For fun? Because it's cool? 'Control' who? To do what? 'Create' what?
I feel I should put out that there is very significant evidence that low levels of radiation (no more than maybe 3 to 5 times the 'guidance levels' recommended by UNSCEAR, the WHO and the IAEA) received over long periods (e.g., constant low exposure) has significant benefits in stimulating cellular repair and preventing disease. It's not enough evidence for these organizations to change their official policy, but things might change. Here's a primer you can read up on from Wikipedia on [Radiation Hormesis.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiation_hormesis#)
Why should I care about any of this?
My goodness gracious. You know, that reminds me of Spongebob. He's a wolf, don't you agree? Bikini Bottom is a dark place. There's no place for weaklings there. No place for sheep. But he's a survivor. He's a wolf. He's got the wits necessary to survive. Yes indeed. That's what he does. He survives because he's got the necessary wits. He's the wolf among sheep. With the wits. The necessary wits. To survive.
I don't follow. We're just two aficionados sharing our enthusiasm for wolves who have the wits to survive in the hard, brutal world.
The most important rule is that the bigger the role magic plays in actually solving problems, the more defined and rigid it must be.
Is every story in existence written after 1977 about a humble nobody fighting evil a 'Star Wars' rip off? Because that's about the only simularity I see.
He improves significantly as he goes. I don't remember any particularly failings with the series that can't can't be found all the time, everywhere in general popular fiction.
It sounds to me like that's a pretty stupid accusation to be making then, isn't it now? I've read it. I don't recall any particular simularties to Star Wars beyond a nobody becoming a hero and a mentor dying.
I am talking about one scenario. One. Does Harry Potter kill Voldemort, or does he not? I am not talking about every single thing that happens in the series. You're moving the goalposts, and it's irritating. Yes, there were times in the series where Harry has to make a choice. There could have been one *more* choice by simply having Harry fail, and then having Voldemort gleefully cut Ron or Hermione's throat or do any number of things to force Harry into making an choice. So, once again, how is the story not robbing the audience of a 'moral dilemma' by having Harry succeed?
Forcing the player to choose between having fun and getting the story they want is not good game design. I don't think it would be very fun to have a 10% discount dangled in front of you and having to ignore it.
Read the sidebar.
I don't think I would call a story that suggests 'People having free will is *better* than the government controlling everything we do and say!' "profoundly anti-authoritarian." You know, since, nobody actually disagrees with that. At all.
You're aware that 99% of authority is concerned with completely mundane and uncontroversial things that, again, nobody actually disagrees with? Things like fire and electrical safety. Or traffic laws. Or food labeling. Or littering. Does your character throw her garbage everywhere and say "FUCK PEOPLE WHO WANT TO KEEP THE ENVIRONMENT CLEAN' to 'challenge' authority? Does she 'challenge' that authority for kicks?
&gt; I just don't really get why Bioware tootles its own horn about equality and diversity when it routinely ignores and neglects any real options for M/M romances. Yes. Their hypocrisy and stupidity concerning these issues is revolting, isn't it? &gt; that age old double standard: girl on girl = hot, boy on boy = worst then molesting kids, Sure. There is a double standard, absolutely. 100%. But so what? End of the day, fiction has to give people what they actually want to see. You can't force people to want to watch gay men being gay.
It's not that simple. Yes, BioWare is probably not going to have a mandatory cutscene of your character deciding to be gay and having naked gay sex. But what about...a kiss? They did it with women. In the Omega DLC, Aria can kiss Shepard without the player being given a choice. More importantly...*people liked it.* I have never, ever, not once, seen anyone rage over any kind of sexual harrassment or mandatory lesbian-ism. People were totally happy with Aria, the sexy, domineering badass forcibly giving their possibly female player a kiss. How well do you think that would have worked if a male forcibly kissed the player? What about...hearing gay men talk about being gay? What about having gay men flirt with you, even if you're given the option to tell them no? &gt; being given the same treatment Yeah, see, what do you mean by the 'same' treatment?
Fiction is not about what I *tolerate*. It is about what I *want.* Do you think I'm going to see a video game with gay men being gay and say "Gosh, this really isn't for me, but it's my duty as a morally enlightened, progressive individual to watch it anyway, even though I don't enjoy it, because gay people are equal." No. Ridiculous. You're right. I do not view gay men being gay the same as I view straight romance. Or yes, lesbian romance. I do not view them equally. What are you going to do about it? You have no right to demand I stop liking straight romance. And you have no right to demand I *start* liking gay romance. It *is* unfair. 100%. You have a harder life because of this, through no fault of your own. But I have every right to like other people more than I like you. &gt; Why is that acceptable but not the other to the point that the game should reflect society's hypocrisy on the stance? Do you even know what hypocrisy is? There's not a shread of hypcrisy here.
I addressed every one of your arguments. I have no problem with optional gay romance existing in BioWare games. But the idea that I am obligated to enjoy gay men being gay as much as I appreciate any other romance content is foolish idiocy. Having a gay character forcibly give my male character a kiss is unacceptable, and it's not going to suddenly become okay because the unfairness hurts your feelings.
Oh, whatever you want to call it. Gasping in excitement. Sitting on the edge of their seats. And they're usually only tragic on the superficial surface. Beneath that, they're usually delightfully optimistic, which is naturally why they're popular in the first place.
Hardened and softened are probably not the best terms. But that's interesting.
Right. I utterly despise that. It's terrible writing. At least for this sort of story.
Oh, no. Of course not. I despise the general idea of good being equated to soft, weak, cringing and whimpering. Of 'good' meaning getting on your knees and begging the meany-poos to please, please, please be nice. And the idea that evil is strong, proud, tall, and confident, who never apologizes. This concept of good and evil is idiotic and it's repulsive. Tragically, it's extremely popular both in fiction and the real world. One of the reasons I love the original trilogy it's because it's one of the precious few works of fiction to actually examine it with some depth and reject it. Not all the time - there are definitely some screw-ups, but overall, it's admirable. This is really going on a tangent, but if you want an example, just think of Leliana in Inquisition. Fucking hell, that was an embarrassment.
Not a novel, but you might look at the [US Army Field Survival Manual](https://fas.org/irp/doddir/army/fm3-05-70.pdf), avaliable online for free. I'll copy and paste what it says about eating snakes. &gt; 8-75. To skin a snake, first cut off its head, to include 10 to 15 centimeters (4 to 6 inches) behind the head. This will ensure you remove the venom sac, which is located at the base of the head. Bury the sac to prevent further contact. Then cut the skin down the body 2 to 4 centimeters (1 to 1 1/2 inches). Peel the skin back, then grasp the skin in one hand and the body in the other and pull apart (Figure 8-25). On large, bulky snakes it may be necessary to slit the belly skin. Cook snakes in the same manner as small game. Remove the entrails and discard. Cut the snake into small sections and boil or roast it.
There's a difference between 'flawed' with 'not God.' Yes, it would probably be very difficult to write a good story where the protagonist can solve any problem by snapping his fingers. However, not being Superman does not make a person 'flawed.'
Well, you didn't imply it at all, you outright stated "He has to be flawed." Which I would assert is not true at all. There are plenty of characters I like that are essentially perfect. Who are skilled, smart, competent, courageous, attractive, and consistently try their best to do the right thing.
Is that any different from professional poetry?
You say that, but I don't certainly see much depth. I actually won an award once for poetry, when I was about 10. There was a big ceremony for kids across the entire city, big fancy buffet, some speeches about future artists and intellectuals, I got a nice plaque and had to shake a bunch of hands. It was for an award for literally some meaningless crap I threw together in 5th grade so I could be done and go play Runescape.
I feel the same way now as I did then. I look at 'the Red Wheelbarrow' and it seems to me it's something a ten year old could write easily.
This really doesn't solve any problems. All the problems with Andromeda - a mission with no real point, no real enemy to fight, a protagonist who doesn't do very much - are just pushed back a game. In the meantime, you've got a watered-down, discount ME 3.
You don't spend an entire game just 'warming up.' Just having the characters all shake hands, and then, next time, in 3 or 4 years, the actual story starts.
Yeah, but we already know what happens and how it's going to end. We know the enemy, and that ultimately nothing we do is going to contribute much to defeating it. You know the galaxy is going to get bulldozed. We know all the major plot points with all the big species.
...You can't write unless your computer sounds like a typewriter? Why don't you either buy a mechanical keyboard, or download an application for your keystrokes to include noises? Any writing software is going to include hundreds of fonts.
Where to begin with this? No, this is not why 'grey morality' is popular. No, stories with 'good' heroes do not deny that grey morality exists, that's silly. And no, the 'grimdark' morality is not more realistic, it's actually quite ridiculous if examined with any kind of serious thought. Which is fine, it's okay to enjoy silly, ridiculous stories. What's advertised as 'grey morality' is really not 'grey morality' in a general sense at all, and you almost certainly wouldn't enjoy the actual thing nearly as much as you think you would.
Nope. It's a terrible approach.
I see. Well then you should definitely purchase a mechanical keyboard.
Well, it could be. For example, if I was discussing a male transgender I would always very deliberately write "**He** is male-to-female transgender." You see? It conveys information clearly to the reader, while making it clear I do not accept transgenderism as legitimate.
Well, see, I don't know? Would you? A lot of people on this forum seem to be very, very, very attached to the idea that these 'grimdark' stories or whatever you want to call them are a reflection of the audience's morally and intellectually superior palate. And they become enraged at that supposed moral and intellectual superiority being questioned or poked at. Personally I think this should all be common sense. At least for people who care enough about stories to be posting on a forum like this. But that's just not the case, so, you know, you gotta make sure everyone understands things on the same level.
Breaking Bad, a series continually 'squeed' over for it's characters (not unreasonably - it is a good show) has both protagonists basically admit they're evil.
Hmm. You might have some difficulty with that. It is really, really, really hard to come up with a good reason why supposedly smart, capable, physically fit people are frequently threatened by enemies whose only tactic is to slowly shuffle forward with no sense of self-preservation and no reactivity to threats.
Eh. They've been converging a lot in recent years. Bethesda adapted Mass Effect style conversations in Fallout 4, and companion 'loyalty quests' and romance mechanics that are similar. Meanwhile, Inquisition and Andromeda and probably the next Dragon Age are trying to be all about 'exploration.' Both have unfortunately degraded in largely similar ways - a huge push towards cheap content to keep players engaged longer - fetch quests, collections quests, repeatable quests. Fallout 4 introduced randomized loot through the legendary enemies to incentivize players to farm, and Anthem will undoubtedly do the same. I obviously really don't like any of that, but it's just the reality of selling $60 games. We've can also see the writing going in the same direction. Persuasion systems being gutted or removed entirely, moral and karma systems being removed. Dialogue moving more and more towards '3 or 4 different flavors of weak and boring.' Bethesda, at least, has made serious improvements in recent years to their art and gameplay.
I don't know of any game that has ever done that. Developers can't make 16 or 8 or 4 or even 2 different stories, they can only make one. ME 3 did as good of a job as anyone by reacting to 14 different characters being alive or dead.
&gt; St. Louis Community College-Meramec sociology professor Lisa Martino-Taylor's research has **raised the possibility** that the Army performed radiation testing by mixing radioactive particles with the zinc cadmium sulfide, though **she concedes there is no direct proof.** Additionally, on the Wikipedia article for Zinc Cadmium Sulfide: &gt; However, a 1997 U.S. government study, done by the U.S. National Research Council stated, in part, "After an exhaustive, independent review requested by Congress, we have found no evidence that exposure to zinc cadmium sulfide at these levels could cause people to become sick. This is a very poor article. The writer can't seem to decide if this dangerous because the chemical was dangerous or because the army deliberately mixed in radiactive particles for some reason, and just kind of mixes it all together and hopes the reader doesn't think too hard. There's no evidence cited whatsoever concerning why exactly this sociology professor thinks the army was intentionally irradiating people, only a few quotes of people suffering from cancer.
The National Research Council concluding that zinc cadmium sulfide was not dangerous proves that this partiucular zinc cadmium sulfide contained radiation? Why don't you run me through the logic on that?
Do you understand that anything and everything is toxic at high enough levels? That every single day you breathe in and eat certain particles that would be lethal if the dose were high enough?
Disagree with what? Disagree that there's no evidence?
Uh-oh! Looks like it's once again time for r/writing to pretend fiction is saturated with "villians" who wake up decide to commit evil for literally no reason, so they can pat themselves on the back for repeating trivalities. It must be a day ending in 'Y"!
Er...what reason?
That's a very mature answer. Cheers.
I wonder why you're getting downvoted. Does Reddit not like to think about this sort of thing? See, this is why I have to raise my eyebrows at Reddit creaming itself in delighted glee over, say, Confederate statues being removed. I'm no fan of the Confederacy, but it all seems to be built on a complete fantasy of an evil, hateful meany Confederacy against a shining Union fighting for love, equality and freedom. (The latter of which people like Einstein would obviously belong to.) But that fantasy isn't going to last. And what happens when it breaks down? Are we going to have people screaming for memorials of Einstein to be torn down? Washington and Jefferson? Lincoln? The direction Reddit and the larger western society seems to be moving in is "Morality was invented in 2013."
Well maybe not 'greed', but yeah, making handcrafted content with modern graphics that most players will only see once, or even not at all is just too expensive. And it's not only fetch quests. Lots of RPGs are moving towards very high level caps to the point where players have to spend hundreds of hours to 'max out.' There's huge pushes towards random rewards instead of guaranteed rewards to encourage players to farm. And of course, multiplayer everything. I really wish I could spend just $300 to buy a huge, beautiful game (Maybe 150 hours or so) with handcrafted content and writing that isn't insufferable, but sadly not enough people agree with me to make it viable.
The very article you linked seems to mostly describe an inept (and very corrupt) clown stumbling from defeat to defeat.
I don't think I've ever heard that in English.
Whoo boy... First of all, why don't you go take a look at r/linguistics and see how much value they give to Saphir-Worf? (Spoilers: Less than zero) &gt; Most of the truly great philosophers and writers of the past could speak at least 2 languages Have you ever heard of a thing called 'correlation is not causation' and why the implication you're trying to make here falls apart? Sorry, but this is just Buzzfeed thinking that is great for people oozing over instagram photos of exotic looking places and fancy plates of food, but ultimately discourages people from actually learning languages. The fantasy that learning a new language is going to open mental doors to philosophical and moral enlightenment. Nonsense like "This is why [X language] speakers can think things NOBODY ELSE CAN." Because once people start actually working they realize the obvious reality that none of this happens. And they become discouraged, because they've been misled instead of informed of actual benefits.
Of course. But so does any other knowledge.
Yeah. Perhaps I was a bit harsh in my original reply.
Any logical analysis of fiction will reveal what a silly myth that is. I know how enraged this makes many people here, because they're very attached to the idea of being dangerous and daring revolutionaries, but it's an easily verifiable fact.
I know it's an aphorism. That's the problem. It hasn't occurred to you than it can (and does) lead to moral hypocrisy in their work and in general?
That's...not bad. I can agree with that.
....Eh. That's really not a subversion at all. Having someone recognize a zombie is extremely common in zombie fiction. Having the zombie cry or beg or whatever is just one more step in the "This zombie was once a person, feel sad about that now" trope. Which is okay to do once if it fits the tone, I think. But there's no actual dilemma. So I think seeing that multiple times would quickly become very tedious and trite.
Oh? And does that work in the other direction? (In other words, do you actually even believe this at all?) I'll admit straight up I don't want to see, say, transgenderism in fiction. You don't think anyone here should have a problem with that?
Wow, brilliant deduction there Sherlock. But those preferences really don't affect you, do they now? Hence the question I literally just asked. Does "You don't need to whine to everyone how much you hate their preferences which don't affect you" apply to everything, or just to things actually popular on this forum? I know this is r/fantasy and I have to keep my expectations very low, but my God, is it really so hard to just be a little honest?
Oh, I don't. But I might need to ask for recommendations like anyone else. I don't have a magic crystal ball that tells me which books include which don't.
So the original comment was just all bullshit, then? (What a surprise.) It is in fact my moral duty to purchase and read books about "transgenders"?
The laughable hypocrisy of this industry... How many morbidly obese people are there in your favorite story? How many ugly people? How many people with crippling disibilities? In most stories, they aren't allowed to even exist. When they do exist, (and they're not just a joke to be laughed at) they're invariably made to stand off to side and clap, while the *real* people, the beautiful people who matter, get the big damn kiss in the moonlight. *They* get the awesome, triumphant moment on top of the mountain. Not the uggos or fatties. Oh no, no, no. And these same people who squee in glee over this go and crown themselves the little angels of empathy and tolerance. Again and again. Story after story. Is that what you think? You think you're an enlightened little philosopher in a position to teach me about your 'empathy'?
Well, radical feminism also looks down on many 'traditionally feminine' things. High heels, make-up, certain clothing are seen as deliberate attempts by men and male industries to make women into weak and useless dolls. I imagine that radical feminists acknowledge that 'patriarchy' is determintal to some men but consider it largely irrelevant in comparison to the overarching oppression of women by men.
&gt; According to the article the first mention of such a group wasn't until 1806 and they were basically considered a myth until the larger Congo Basin was thoroughly explored around 1870. &gt; Additionally, these were (and are) small, weak people, generally hundreds of miles inland from the coast. There's no mention of large scale slavery by whites (plenty by other Africans, though.) It only mentions children being kidnapped as zoo exhibits.
I don't doubt you, but can you give me a link to where Hudson said that?
