I once went to a reception which had nothing, but finger foods, along with a "slider bar" (mini burgers) and a mashed potato bar. I know the last one sounds odd, but the delicious hot potatoes were served in martini glasses and could be topped with butter, grated cheddar cheese, sour cream, green onions, bacon, salsa, guacamole, and a few other things. It was ah-MAZING!
ZANG!
Release that inner Bridezilla. Attack Mashed Potato Town! (There might have been a mini taco bar as well.)
*She started sulking and said DH and I aren't making time for her.* "How old are we, MIL? Being sulky over our family's schedule for the foreseeable future doesn't suit you. Buck up. Perhaps things will smooth out towards by the time the year's out."
What.A.Bitch. When you're around her and she's nasty or mean, or whatever she is being, look at her and reply "nasty." Or "mean-spirited," or "unkind." "Disparaging." Hell, I'd get a thesaurus and start learning synonyms left &amp; right.
Here are a few of the and they're doozies! https://www.reddit.com/user/PocketSized-Moose/submitted/
So, I have to ask. Is your Gran slightly touched, or does she just have a sense of humor no one gets? I sprayed coffee all over my laptop when I saw the wood.
Have you given her your own trash? Like, perhaps a single slipper, or an old magazine?
SHE gave you used/contaminated crap, and she expects YOU to be embarrassed? Yeah, her picnic basket's shy a few sandwiches.
Amazon has excellent customer service, but you'll have to drill down through their *Help* links to where you can send them an email asking if it is possible to keep your home address private. I know in the States, FedEx will ship to a local FedEx store near you for you to pick up at your convenience. I believe it's a free service. You might want to ask Amazon C/S if it's possible to request any gifts from your Amazon registry be delivered via FedEx to a local FedEx store.
Future grandmother wants a present at a baby shower being thrown for someone else? Had no one pointed out to MiL how self-centered &amp; wrong that expectation is?
We all need to carry the JustNoMiL cards.
Tastes are individual &amp; highly subjective. Mama Lupe's Tortillas are not widely available across the States, so that might have something to do with the low recommendations. I happened to stumble across them while surfing online low carb stores/support groups. I prefer them to the gummier/fluffy/bread-like tortillas as I think they hold up better to wetter ingredients, but not everyone likes a firmer tortilla. Preferences.
Take u/87roses' suggestion. Check the official webpage for the state where he was born. There should be links to their Bureau of Vital Statistics where he can order copies of his birth certificate/record of live birth. I recommend ordering 3 or 4 copies because he might need them later for obtaining a replacement SS card, passports, etc. Contacting the Social Security office should be fairly easy as well. They do replacement cards for lost/missing cards without too much difficulty. Might be a way to arrange to pick up the new card if they insist on mailing it to his home of record.
Unless you &amp; your FH are willing to bear all the wedding expenses, you can darned well bet there will be trouble with the wedding planning if his parents are contributing any funding. Your best bet is to sit with FH &amp; make a list of things you will not bend on for the wedding, and then a separate list of flexible choices. It will give him a better idea of things he'll need to hold firm on with his MiL and give him better ammo with which to negotiate. If you can swing the wedding costs without help, then definitely keep her on an info diet. "Oh, that's an idea, but we have that already taken care of." "Yes, that's interesting. We'll have to file that away for reference." Your wedding. Your choices. Stop trying to "make" her like you. That boat has sailed. The best thing you can do for yourself is be polite, honest, &amp; straightforward. Have witnesses, save communications. Always keeping the evidence of playing fair &amp; nice. You never know when you'll need it.
&gt; "I'm calling you OldName." "...and I won't answer to it any more, so if you want to waste your breath saying that name into the void, knock yourself out. You've been informed of MY preference for MY name. Discussion is now officially closed."
Oooh! Good one. Although I've heard Taylor, for all her marriages, was a fairly well regarded &amp; genuinely nice person, so might not fit Poor Pity Party. Screw up three marriages, and one really should be wondering "maybe it's ME!?" But yeah, that almost never happens, does it?
She IS trying to kill his sex life. Well, actually, she's trying to prevent any romantic interaction between her son &amp; The Other Woman. "Mom, I want to spend the entire evening banging my brains out. The last faces I want to see are my parents'!"
&gt; Because from here on out, how you frame things will be very important. There's a huge difference between 'Your mom is a manipulative bitch,' and 'You are way too smart to fall for that.' OP, this is important! You know the old saying about flies to honey? Unfortunately, it applies to a stubborn, obtuse husband who still seeks his mom's approval. You don't have to back down one inch, but play to your DH's strengths. He's too smart to fall for things like u/_Green_Kyanite_ said, or "in a normal relationship between two adults who understand who the baby's mother is and who is NOT the baby's mother, we could reason with her, but we know from past experiences this isn't the case." Also remember the power of "we." "Honey, I think it's better for daughter if we stick to her schedule." "Sweetheart, I know she's full of advice, but medicine and pediatrics have advanced over the years. It's best we stick to what her doctor suggests." Always use the "we" and not "I." Think of it as the Royal We, like the Queen.
You wanna know how to get Gobbler? They pull a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. *That's* the *Chicago* way! And that's how you get Gobbler. Best of luck! Will be looking forward to the eventual updates.
Lay down the law to all parents &amp; step parents. There will be no invitations, written or oral, issued by anyone except you &amp; DH. Demand, yeah, DEMAND a list of potential invitees from the parents and asl that the most important people be indicated on the list, possibly in order. You will accommodate as many as possible, but you do not want to get grief from ANYONE because not everyone will be invited.
How difficult would it be for you to place a phone call to her workplace and speak with the Human Resources department (or similar department)? You could say you wanted to know what sort of documentation she might need--because you want to be super helpful ;)
&gt; "By hook or by crook" Even older than that! Its usage dates back to at least the 1300's.
Question time! I realize you cannot give medical advice. What I'm asking is what is the proper terminology to use when asked if I have any allergies. A PT gets documented urticaria from head to toe with the use of certain antibiotics. No breathing difficulties, but oy, the itching &amp; welts! Is this a sensitivity or do you call it an allergy? I want to help the medical staff help keep me as safe as possible by giving them correct information (They do usually red band me for the meds &amp; a latex sensitivity for caution's sake). I also have sensitivities that popped up during scratch testing I had done because I had noticed some funky reactions when I ate certain foods. On the 0 to 11 scale, they run from 4's to 10's. Should these be mentioned as purely sensitivities if reported at all? In my case, the worst reactions to most of these are my sinuses clogging up or a few skin itchy "splotches". So far there has never been a reaction any where even remotely close to being seen in the ED. I hate feeling like a special snowflake by mentioning crap, but damn, I don't want to be that dope that failed to give people in charge of keeping me well proper information! It makes me wonder--"hey, idiot, you do have a sensitivity to certain seafood. Ya think that might've had anything to do with that weird thing that went on with your eyes about an hour after you had that contrast dye? And you know your dad has a sensitivity to the dye...hmmm. Do I mention this or was it a normal side effect that they failed to tell me about?" What to say, when to say? I want to do the smart thing.
Thank you! I'll be sure to follow your suggestions. :)
o.O Hell's bells! Living is dangerous! Eeesh. No problems with kiwi fruit, avocados, bananas, etc., but I try to avoid blowing up balloons, mainly because they taste horrible. ;) Learned years &amp; years ago a latex Foley was not my friend, and later latex condoms, ribbed or otherwise, were not for my pleasure. So far the only problems I have with latex have been with mucous membranes or the odd medical tape used for more than a day. Fingers crossed it stays that way. Knew an RN who started out the same way. Unfortunately for her, it cascaded into having to cut everything and anything that contained latex out of her life, and lordy, is that stuff every where. Her rants about finding latex-free undies and bras were sad, but hysterically funny. It broke her heart to give up nursing. She was one of the nurses who had the gift of making a person feel better just by being her. Thank you for sharing your knowledge.
Welts, weals, wheals, hives, skin rash, urticaria. Call it what you will, but basically this bit of hellishness and most DEFINITELY a sign of an allergy: http://m.patient.media/images/urticaria.jpg
Corner piece with all the frosting &amp; flowers! (I may have been that fat kid who loved cake a bit too much.)
My local grocery store does a whipped buttercream frosting which is light, fluffy and not overly sweet. A tad more substance to it than whipped cream, but not cloyingly sweet. I've never found another local bakery that duplicates it. Probably full of all kinds of chemicals, but it's sooo good on their Genoise cakes.
I've mailed a cupcake in a small canning jar. It worked out fairly well!
I know they're the bane of your modding these days, but I kinda like them, especially the ones served with a nice helping of justice boner on the side. It's encouraging to hear about a MiL getting smacked back done to size.
...and probably will try to do in one form or another. "Grandmamma loves her baby more than her mean ol' mommy does. You love your Grandmamma more than mean mommy, don't you?"
There is that possibility that MiL was just being about as dumb as a doorknob and did not honestly believe OP when she said her little one goes off the rails without enough proper sleep. Goodness knows, I turn into a proper grumpasaurus without sleep. Fingers crossed, with a really good, up close and personal chat from BOTH parents about how ALL the rules WILL be followed or access to Best Big Brother AND his new sibling will be extremely limited for ages might rattle her enough to be a proper Drill Instructor when it comes to Lights Out. Can't believe a grandparent could overlook the prime opportunity of bath time (perfect time for new pj's!) and those golden moments of reading a bedtime story or two while he's tucked safely into bed. What a waste of building a wonderful memory or two for them both.
&lt;3 I really like it when the heroes &amp; heroines win, especially when they take down the ol' dragon in front of family &amp; kingdom! Keep thy sword sharp and thine spine arrow straight!
Then turn it right back on her! "Just? YOU JUST??? You were just giving him ice cream before bed? In what sane universe does someone give a child ice cream a few hours before bed? You know, the bed you denied him? That sleep you were told and now have witnessed for yourself, that he so desperately needed? You made him suffer to feed your own jollies. He was so over-wrought &amp; over tired he could barely function, and yet, he KNEW what was best for him! The CHILD KNEW what he needed and THAT'S why he so desperately wanted to come home. The child knew better than the adult who was entrusted to care for him! There is no explanation in the world to satisfy me, so don't even try to justify your selfish behavior!"
My Dad always has been really good about being a grandfather, although it helps that our ideas of parenting have been similar. He did indulge my kids with ice cream or cookies, but his rule was the kids had to have finished a respectable portion of their meal AND whatever the amount of ice cream or cookies they took for themselves, they had to finish. If they did not finish, then no treats the next time they were offered. In a weird way, he helped them quickly learn self-police their own portions. He is a believer in birthday cake &amp; leftover pizza for breakfast. ;) "It's just food. Does it really matter when it's eaten as long as it's burned off while having a good time?"
To quote a very popular opinion around here: "NO!" is a simple, declarative sentence. Your life, your family, your rules, your plans. Don't let an outside force disrupt them if you can avoid it. MiL is NOT the end-all, be-all to your world. Keep your plans. She should check with you (and check her privilege) before she invites herself or your starts planning your life.
&gt; cuntlicking dwarf whore!!! That *does* have a certain ring to it, doesn't it?
On the flip side...telling event planners you are planning a big, blow out bash to celebrate some event or other tends to get you a remarkably lower price list for a whole host of things. Discovered this little secret when a friend was planning her New Year's Eve destination wedding. Just kept telling the vendors that they wanted to throw a fabulous 7 course sit-down dinner with wine and a tiered cake for 60 of their closest friends to celebrate the new year and her SO's promotion. The cost savings was well over a third of what was quoted to them when they were calling around town saying they were planning a wedding. "Future MiL, you keep using this word 'party,' instead of calling it a 'wedding' which is what it is. Is there something we need to talk about here? We have to admit we're becoming a bit concerned with your lack of acknowledging the purpose of our event."
Hell, I get exhausted &amp; cranky visiting DC on my own WITHOUT kids. Too much heat, too many stinky people (bathe, people, with SOAP, and use some deodorant for goodness sake!) and too much day leads to a very snappish Viking person who wishes the DC Metro cops wouldn't get so fussy about people brandishing a sword at the sidewalk hogs. I'm just trying to move things along.
I get lazy with the scrolling back &amp; forth, so I copy and paste it all into the comment box. That seems to auto-format for easier and faster reading. Had no clue it was something as minor as a few indentations that would set the format like this. Thank you for the redditing lesson, u/Barnard33F
You poor guy! No salsa? No obscenely unnaturally orange nacho cheese sauce in your life? Come to America, my friend, and taste its wonders.
Yep, mine local one is about a year old, but mine is dark &amp; dingy inside with extremely small with hard to negotiate aisles, Walmart quality produce, a tiny selection of meats &amp; cheese, full of fussy toddlers and very slow moving senior citizens. The snack/chip/candy/cookie aisle is pretty great--all the stuff I don't need/shouldn't eat. Prices are good, but it's depressing &amp; frustrating to shop there.
The thing is, it's a brand new building. Because the windows are up high and are tiny, the dim interior lighting &amp; bland wall paint, as well as the floor layout, are flat out awful. I grew up shopping at military commissaries (and still do when I have to do a super large shopping trip). Sparse, low cost doesn't have to mean ugly. Add all this, plus iffy price points/quality will rarely get me to drive past my local Publix. Plus, it doesn't help that the my Aldi store employs cashiers who come across as being trapped into soul-sucking lives. Atmosphere counts for a lot especially when I already hate shopping.
My kids like to do their junk food shopping at Dollar Tree. A buck for a Red Baron Pizza, or a big bag of Bugles, or Cheese Doodlez makes their day. I've picked up from Mango slices for smoothies and was honestly surprised at the quality. My opinion of Aldi would improve if it didn't seem so damned depressing inside. If Dollar Tree can seem bright and cheerful with all its low quality crap, then so can Aldi.
Just for grins, a French Salad Dressing Recipe: 1⁄2 cup vegetable oil 1 cup ketchup 1⁄2-3⁄4 cup sugar (start with 1/2 cup) 1⁄2 cup white vinegar 1⁄3 cup minced yellow onion 2 teaspoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon paprika 1⁄2-1 teaspoon garlic salt (or to taste or use 1-2 teaspoons fresh minced garlic and 1/2 teaspoon white salt) Blend well &amp; store in sealed jar in refrigerator.
My FiL recently passed away while my husband &amp; our younger two were visiting him. Needing to get the word out without being stuck on the phone all day, I wrote a small public tribute to let friends &amp; extended family know of his passing. My FiL, while a sweetheart of a guy, was a browbeaten man who surrendered any control of his life to my MiL and narc/personality disordered SiL. He was the classic enabler. I made mention that after several upheavals in his life (fleeing a dictatorship, career changes, etc.) he had given over the reins of his family to his wife &amp; daughter, ("perhaps not the best choice, and certainly not the typical way of a Latin family, but he chose to be like calm waters, taking the path of least resistance..."). My eldest PMs me with "Mom, that was a lovely tribute, but DAMN, that shade you threw!" Shit will definitely fly when SiL's blocked ass ever reads what I've written, but honestly, as far as she is concerned I wouldn't piss on her if she was on fire. My husband hasn't seen it either since he doesn't do social media with his phone, so there might be a touch of fallout to dodge there, but those two women ran roughshod over that gentle man and it aggrieves me deeply we were powerless to stop it because of distance. What's even worse is the funeral is going to be a circus and the perfect stage for the ensuing grief play.
Oh, for eff's sake. I doubt her little pea brain absorbed one bit of information you were trying to give her. Is apraxia similar in nature to the weird sort of aphasia some migraine sufferers experience where they understand speech, but during an episode simply can't make the words come out either correctly or at all? It's like the brain's wiring becomes jumbled/signals crossed. Any child who can pick up a second language--which to my mind is exactly what sign language is, seems like a damned intelligent little human!
"*The family*, Tonya? To which family would you be referring? My family of origin or DH's? DH &amp; I are a new branch and of course this means we naturally make up a new family. It's how it works. But don't worry. You'll always be considered a part of our *extended family.* We'd only chop off the old branches if they became bothersome &amp; interfering with our new growth." :::winkwink:::
:::thunderous applause::: Feels pretty darned good to flash that sassy spine, doesn't it?
&gt; Men in Kilts have interesting effects on Scottish women Hell, they have an interesting effect on more than Scottish women! During the early 70's, my proper &amp; very attractive thirty-something American mother once "followed the ship" as the carrier my father was attached to went from port to port during a 6 month deployment. Mom ended up at a pub in Edinburgh with a group of other Navy wives waiting for their husbands to disembark the boat for a few days liberty. The husbands were late, the wives were thirsty &amp; feeling frisky because good times were about to be had, so things got interesting when in walked a man in a kilt. Mom &amp; the stranger struck up a conversation while standing at the bar &amp; in the course of things the conversation came around to kilts and The Rumor. My mom boldly asked, and the man replied, "I'll show you what's under mine if you show me what's under an American woman's skirt." The deal was struck and on the count of three, they lifted their respective skirts. While my mom would never provide details, she did say they both were well rewarded.
Our brains are the most fantastically plastic of organs, aren't they? The fact that we're learning we can almost rewire them from the outside with therapy &amp; "exercising" them is nothing short of miraculous.
How dare ANYONE tell you how much time you choose to spend with your family member who will be permanently gone from your life within a very short time. She is dying. THAT is a certainty which cannot and will not be changed. Those who remain living, those people who are jealous of time spent with a dying young woman, they who are jealous of those last final moments you spend with your sister; they, who are healthy with miles of road stretched out before them? Their attitudes are to be pitied. What childish &amp; self-centered behavior they are showing. Both of them deserved to have their behavior &amp; attitudes pointed out to them &amp; shamed.
I've done the "mouth says one thing while brain is thinking the I've said something different." Usually happens when I'm super tired or under a load of stress in my life. As for a sign of "mindgrains" as my kids used to call them, all I know is it happens with a friend of mine, usually as a migraine is ramping up for him. I get ocular migraines. No real pain, but more of a sense of a whopping load of pressure building inside my head along with zigzagging lights at the edge of my field of vision. After a few minutes of that, my center field of vision sort "disappears." If you've ever seen an episode of the original Star Trek movies where they're tele-transporting(?) people and their bodies get all sparkly gold looking before they appear/disappear, THAT is what I see. If I was staring straight at you, you'd be just about gone. It's bizarre!
You guys really need to google name combinations. I'm pretty sure Tempest Storm is/was either a stripper or porn star. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but kids can be awfully hard on other kids when stuff like that gets discovered. Edit--always became partial to Stormaggedon after watching an episode of Doctor Who.
Woof! That man!
Yeah, exactly, because words simply...it's...oy. That's...at least she had the sense to recognize damaged people &amp; leave right away. :::shudder:::: Sex tips from Game of Thrones AND your mother??? Whoo boy. This one's a doozy.
I swear I used to think I'd poop myself inside out. I guess once those hormones commence with evac ops, the rest of the gang inside panics and tries to jump ship. "Hey! Wait for US!!!!"
Heck, I would go as far as to NOT include a time when she can expect a sleep over, because she WILL push that time line. A strongly worded email is probably the best way to delivery the first blow, set the boundary in place, and get a sense of her reaction so you can "gird your loins" for the oncoming battle. Have no doubt, there will be SERIOUS push back from her on this, so I hope LO's father will not present a problem because you're going to upset his mommy. Your little one, your family, your rules.
Definitely drop them a text message or email with "We've noticed a pattern of visits every weekend. Although it's been lovely to see you &amp; we know you enjoy seeing the baby, it's getting to be a bit overwhelming to entertain every weekend so we feel it's wisest to set some boundaries to keep harmony in our expanding family. The weekend errands &amp; tasks which need to be accomplished are beginning to pile up. Rather than continuing to feel overwhelmed, we think it's best for us that you check with us before assuming we will be free to entertain each weekend. As it stands now, this weekend finds us busy with quite a few things so a visit is not going to work out for us. We'll let you know if our schedule improves."
"Aww, thanks for the offer to help. You're so thoughtful, but completely unnecessary! We've got it under control as long as we stick to our planned schedule and keep distractions to a minimum. No worries. We'll get together soon!" You could also throw in a comment about how *envious* (not jealous) the rest of your family has been since the in-laws have been seeing the baby so often. "They want to know when is it going to be their turn! :::sigh::: We're just hoping we get OUR own quiet time with the baby because it seems like we're being besieged left and right with visitors. Honestly, we'd just love to be able to enjoy some quiet time just the three of us. No one seems to understand this."
I like to use a firm grip while casting off the offending hand while adding an even firmer "NO. Do NOT touch my belly again unless you have my express permission. Are we clear? Yes, I think we are."
And I'll bet Bippy can cook!
Kick her. HARD. "Sorry. It's just a reflex I have to being touched inappropriately, so it's best you keep your hands to yourself unless invited to do otherwise."
Had friends who married on the last day of the year and I'm pretty darn sure they qualified as being married for that entire tax year.
Yes, ma'am, THAT is gonna steam her undies right proper! Too bad you're not going to see her puckered old CBF. The only problem I see will be your SO who might need to get into the bedroom while you're gone AND will have to withstand her onslaught of "Let me see/why can't I see/OP is hateful &amp; disrespectful to you."
Yowza! This is fantastic! Bold, mature, pointed, with expectations of her future behavior if she wants to continue having a relationship, while still being protective of his wife &amp; child. It has it all. The Magical Penis line is brilliant.
When FFiL gets pissy, you call him yourself to say "Aw, FMil has gotten her wires crossed AGAIN, and we need your help. We know she's excited about all the changes coming, etc., and I know she feels the need to help, bless her dear heart, but unfortunately, in her excitement to help she is stepping on toes and trying to make decisions which aren't hers to make, God love her. She's had her own wedding to plan when she was a young bride-to-be, &amp; I'm sure it was wonderful. I'd like to have that experience, too. I'm sure you understand this is a once in a lifetime thing for a young couple. We want to make our wedding meaningful &amp; memorable to US. How do we convey to her that while we appreciate her thoughtfulness, it's unreasonable for her to take offense when we choose to plan our wedding our way? If things continue the way they have been, FH &amp; I very well might just have to say 'to hell with this' and elope just to put an end to it all. The stress she is putting on us is overwhelming. Can you help us make understand she needs to take more of a spectator approach to our wedding planning and let *us* pick &amp; choose what is best &amp; affordable for us? "
Have you never read the Great Grilled Cheese Melt Down from two years ago? The guy was so serious about his grilled cheese. https://www.reddit.com/r/grilledcheese/comments/2or1p3/you_people_make_me_sick/ When I've been in a hurry to stuff a grilled cheese sandwich into my gullet, I've been known to cheat the cooking. I start heating up the pan at a slightly higher heat than I normally would use, butter the outside of the bread, put the cheese in the middle, finish assembling, put it on a plate and then pop it into the microwave for 10 to 15 seconds. It's critical to watch it carefully. The cheese needs to start melting, but you have to stop the microwave before it screws up the bread. Add just a bit of extra butter to the pan (I use a non-stick pan, too), slide the sandwich into the pan, get it all toasty, flip. When it's all crisped &amp; golden to your liking, plate that sucker and enjoy. It cuts the cooking time by at least a third.
She's making double buttered TOAST with some cheese in the middle.
In one of the other JustNoMiL entries, someone said what amounts to "MiL, don't give us money if it comes with strings attached to your happiness." A marvelous line.
There's a Cruella in the MiL Hall of Shame. What about *It's All About Meee-ah*? Or *Simone Legree* because she's an evil greedy bitch with a tongue as sharp as a whip?
Change your once in a lifetime wedding date because it's near somebody's birthday??? Does she realize how ridiculous this sounded? It's a birthday. EVERYONE has one, every year. No getting around them, unless you die. A wedding, if you're lucky, comes once in a lifetime. I'd be tickled pink to go to a wedding on my birthday. Cake, food, booze, music, laughter. What's not to love about that?!
Especially if you're blessed with height. Got out of a few fights while in high school (we PCSd to an area known for unfortunate race relations in their southern school system--a real wake up call for a kid who had been taught to treat everyone the same). The best was having some sassy pants roll up to me while I was sitting in the cafeteria eating lunch &amp; telling me I needed to move my white honky ass outta her seat or she was gonna beat my tail. "Nope. I don't think so. I'll move when I'm done." "Oh, no. We gonna do this now!" So I stood up, all 6+ feet of me because I was in heels, took a step toward her short little self and wearing my bitch face, looked down at her &amp; said, "Somehow, I don't think so, but if you're sure about this..." I got the "talk to the hand" gesture, a toss of her head, and off she walked. My heart pounded in my chest for the rest of the day.
And spill your drink on it.
I did not know this about 211 !!! My FiL recently died, so husband &amp; I have been wondering what his mom will do with herself now that she no longer has a center focus in her life. She's really slowed down and we've convinced her she has no business driving at 92 with her bum knee and coke bottle glasses.
How is her weight? If she's a pudge, you could point out losing the excess weight will take the stress off the knee joint. EVERY time she brings up her knee pain, you ask how her weight loss plan is working. Be that annoying little gnat. Do it every time. Perhaps it will shut her up. As one with the ol' osteo in the knees, I know that even an extra 10 pounds added to my tall frame makes a difference in the levels of pain I can experience.
Ok, there goes that idea. "Then see about having your knee replaced. If your constant complaining about the pain is any indication, you truly should think about considering a knee replacement. Goodness know, if *we're* tired of hearing about it, then I can only imagine what it's like for you to feel you always have to tell people how much pain you're in. Yes, you really ought to consider surgery..." Subtle enough to perhaps shut her up, yet you can drop the hint she's talking too much about herself.
This is a Master Class being taught right here, y'all.
My blood got kinda hot when I read about him giving her permission to open the gifts, then I realized some of the comments were on the money. By saying "you open them" he also is saying "Begone! You hold no power here!" (I had comedian Kevin Meany's song "I Don't Care" playing in my head by the end of your post https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aoz7t8DovQ ) edit--letters, because they change meanings
I would've given anything to have had her tell SiL to rip down all the decorations ASAP. I hope you find Sandy.
One of the benefits of being married to someone who flies is you can use subtle versions of flight deck hand signals across a crowded room. Husband &amp; I use it to our advantage by using the "start engines" to signal it's time to start wrapping up &amp; head out. "Pull chocks" means it's definitely time to go.
We're out now, as are most of our friends, but when we're all out together in a group it's cool that our husbands know they can communicate with any of the wives to get the "round 'em up, head 'em out" word passed back &amp; forth with something as subtle as a finger twirl.
I'm guilty of doing that around the house, mainly because I have a love/hate relationship with the dishwasher. I'm thankful I have it, but I hate loading and unloading the danged thing. Weird, I know.
LOL! I've realized this is like knowing the Club Secret Handshake. Watching a Flightline or Flightdeck in operation is like watching a dangerous ballet. I can always tell from across a crowded room when my husband is telling sea stories because his hands are in the air and he's "pointing to his watch" with his other four fingers (some of you will know exactly what I mean). I swear there are times I can still smell "airplane" in his closet. What an adventure that period of our lives was.
Reading this makes me wish so very hard for a time machine so I could either go back in time to knock ALL these awful mothers right on their asses, or at the very least give their children a heads up about the shitstream that was about to flow their way. Your mum sounds like she's a wonderful soul who managed to get her way to adulthood with a strong inner sense of right &amp; wrong in spite of her own very screwed up parents. What a love she must be.
"Just a bit of advice to you, dear sweet MiL. I will not keep secrets from other family members. If you choose to talk ill of others in front of me, I WILL repeat it back to them. I believe people should be aware of awful things being said behind their backs. I know if you are willing to say unkind things about them to me, I can only assume you will say unkind things about me to them. You've already show your hand. I don't care whether you agree with me about this or not, but this IS how it's going to be from now on, so take this as your only warning. And just so you know, I don't think someone who constantly talks crap about others is the sort of person I would want around my children very often."
You should gift her with a DNA analysis kit just so she can see how much of a special snowflake (with emphasis on FLAKE) she really is. Congratulations on your little girl. All of my little ones were born with that dark shark eye. Every one of them ended up with a variation of brown. That darned DNA of my husband's lines overwhelmed the massive amount of blues of mine.
The beauty of it is as long as you've captured the intended message receiver's attention, you can keep the hand signals subtle, small, and right in front of your chest while holding a drink, or down at your side. I've even used what I call the "fire, fire, fire" signal as a "come rescue me" gesture--repeatedly drawing the symbol for infinity with my finger. Sometimes he gets it. Sometimes I have to bore holes into his face with my eyes.
Then you must understand the difference between real minutes and maintenance minutes. ;)
&lt;3 Outstandingly good news! Heroes coming in all sizes, don't they? Young son saved the day with his quick thinking! Good man!
Dogs &amp; cats often eat grass because they *need* to vomit. Other times it's because they just want to eat grass because they're little weirdos. http://www.petmd.com/dog/wellness/evr_dg_eating_grass?page=2
"Aw, Alex, it's so sweet that you wanted to share your wants and your expectations about the birth of my baby. Now it's MY turn to share with you EXACTLY what is going to occur in relation to my labor, delivery, and recovery with MY baby. None of these things will ever be open for discussion so save your fussing. *I* am the one delivering this baby, so what *I* say goes. I'd hate to have to share with friends and family that you have become one of those pushy, whiny, it's-all-about-meeee stereotypical mother-in-laws trying to force what SHE wants instead of allowing us to enjoy this miracle as WE desire &amp; have planned with our birthing staff (This is kinda throwing the gauntlet at her feet)." And then detail your plans. There WILL be push back, but stick to your guns and if she DOES get nasty about your plans, then take the fight to social media and expose her for the tyrant she is. Do not let your husband decide his MOTHER'S piss ant selfish feelings are more important than his wife's--the mother of the child and the one who is going to be undergoing the physical endurance test of her lifetime!
But you DON'T want her there. More importantly, neither of you NEED her to witness the birth. This isn't some royal birth which needs to be documented! She cannot help you, she will not do anything except take your focus from doing your jobs: bringing your little one into the world with as little stress and trauma as possible. She's already causing you BOTH stress. This will only be amplified when you are in labor. Have DH research the harmful effects of stress on mother &amp; child during labor. If this doesn't give him a clue how harmful her presence can be during and after delivery, then I don't know what else to suggest unless it's possibly enlisting the help of a male friend who will be on your side and can talk him into getting his head out of his ass where it concerns his mother.
Or people that are extremely klutzy who have fallen down stairs a few times in their lives. Backwards. Head first. Oy.
Hotel. If there's no way out of the visits, then ALL visitors will stay in a hotel and pay for it themselves. That's not a solution, but it will help give you a modicum of privacy and a bit of respite from their overbearing attitudes.
Sizzling sneaky burn.
Maybe she could be called "Vile SeeYouNextTuesday?"
Try to remember when he is lashing out at you, that you are his safe space, his safety net. In the back of his mind he knows he can blow a gasket at you because you understand, love, and accept him. While he's not doing it to be a dick, it can become a bad habit if not kept in check. Keep guiding him towards understanding he is doing what he needs to do to get his arms around this mess of a relationship he has with BOTH parents. Help him realize it is going to get very rough for awhile before he sees any improvement and that it might take some time--after all, his parents have been allowed to behave like this ALL his life.
This link might help explain the differences (includes pictures, too). http://www.seriouseats.com/2014/08/difference-between-jam-jelly-compote-conserve-apple-butter-preserves-types.html Jell-O gelatin, no matter the flavor (and there have been some mighty odd flavors over the decades) is flat out nasty with a really weird mouth feel when it's served all by itself.
Obviously, that feminist has never frequented a Walmart. Fat, very white people every where. Sometimes it's genetics. Sometimes it's a hormonal imbalance. I think most of all it stems from people not understanding how to eat properly for their body. Some bodies just can't/shouldn't eat all the processed boxed crap like mac &amp; cheese, or pizzas, or doughnuts, PopTarts, Oreos, and CocoSugarBooms. It gets stored up rather than burned up.
That is very possible. There are also studies looking at the relationship between antibiotic use and a subsequent change in gut flora which might contribute to obesity.
Thank goodness for the alcohol to lessen the squickiness of the Jell-O.
How awful to go through so many losses. Has your sister been put on Metformin? I've heard some people with PCOS having successful pregnancies after taking it--of course, trying to get the proper dosage worked out can be a nightmare. Evidently, gut issues can be a side effect.
Sinister.
Don't forget the battle between *Queue*, a word that means “line” (as in "we stood in the ticket queue") vs. *Cue*, which means “a signal to start or do something,” ("That's when I finally told my MiL to shut up about my weight. Cue her whining tirade that she was only trying to help!").
Better than Angel Soft and doesn't melt when it gets wet is Walmart's Great Value Ultra Strong. Even Consumer Reports ranked it waaaaay up there. You can get 24 double rolls for around ten bucks. Edit--words have meaning and are necessary
Silly question, but how would anyone know whether one was watching television or not? I'm assuming television channels are not freely broadcast and are scrambled, thus requiring some sort of box to unscramble. Am American, where free TV is a thing--it's just not always the best TV there is to view.
"I don't care *what* arrangements you've made. Let me make this perfectly clear to you. This is NOT your baby. You will NOT be a third parent. You will NOT be included in any decision-making as it applies to this baby. You will abide by the parenting rules DH &amp; I put in place. There will be no deviations, no changing of horses mid-stream, nothing. You WILL abide by our decisions, and the very first decision we have made is ABSOLUTELY NO VISITORS UNTIL WE DECIDE WE ARE READY TO INVITE THEM. This applies to everyone, including you. Do not force the issue. If you attempt to circumvent this, you will find it will be a very long time before you WILL see the baby. Do NOT try to steamroll over us on this. You will awaken a sleeping giant of a mama bear and you won't like the consequences."
Her over-the-top reaction to who cares for your child in the event of your passing is NOT a result of solely depression. Something else is going on with her thought processing. If she ever brings it up again, you could easily point out that her over-reaction and ensuing tantrum only served to cement in your minds you had made the safest and best solution. And the bit about her son not spending HIS WEDDING NIGHT with her was more than a red flag. It was a freaking BOMB! Your MiL needs professional help.
The TV Police! Having grown up with free TV all my life, this seems like something out of a science fiction novel.
NO COMMERCIALS??? That's amazing!!!
"*WE* could be pregnant by Spring"??? Ew.
I blame it on the more modern usage of "we're pregnant!" Naw, hon. *I'm* pregnant. You're just coming along for the ride. It's kinda like going to watch your favorite pitcher beat the Mets. *You're* not pitching, HE is. You're just cheering and suggesting coaching options from the sidelines. Either way, please tell me she wasn't thinking of using that turkey baster on herself!
Just think of all the "this turkey kinda tastes funny. Which baster did you use?" jokes you can make during the holidays.
Her texts read like she doesn't understand the concept of coherent thought, nor punctuation. My head hurt while trying to read through that mess. Yes, I'm being that ass, but honestly, she comes across as a less than intelligent person, and certainly not one I'd care to have around my children. If my teen-aged child was a major contributing factor in me not seeing my grandchildren, rest assured I'd have no problem pulling young missy up short &amp; laying down the law. Obviously, your MiL can't wrap her head around the fact that precious Junior Miss has an attitude problem that is doing ol' Mom no favors, and will not serve the brat well as she grows up.
Op needs to block out that due date, and have herr SO tell MiL the doctor got the due date wrong. The baby is actually due three or four weeks LATER.
I think I hate you. ;) Salute! I touch the Bream of my Carp in your direction.
Seconding this. File a police report. I suppose you could give them a heads up it is going to be filed. "Just didn't want it to catch you unaware. We feel it is in the best interests of all involved to get this matter solved legally because it does involves money, plus any income taxes involved." Nobody likes dealing with the taxman. It can't be considered a threat since it doesn't say "pay us, or else," right? It just says you have to do what is right for all involved.
Why the heck can't you say "book your return ticket"? I suppose any time she gets on her high horse, you can always tell her she is free to either move herself to a hotel, or book her return ticket home. You'd be happy to assist her with either, but her nonsense WILL be knocked off immediately. Please remember this is YOUR OWN DAMNED HOME. Your home, your rules. SHE HAS NO POWER THERE. She might like to think she does, but it's your duty to remind her she's laboring under a misguided delusion of having any power in the home of two grown adults.
"You're right. It's OUR house, however, she is YOUR mother. Often in the past, she has been demanding and unpleasant. I expect any guest in OUR home, at the VERY LEAST, to be pleasant as well as polite with no nasty comments or criticisms of the host or hostess. Unfortunately, past experiences with your mother have shown that she can be less than polite, and at times flat out rude, especially towards me. I am sure you will agree with me that behavior like that to anyone would be unacceptable, and I'm pretty sure if one of your friends was behaving rudely, you'd put an immediate stop to the behavior. This is all I am asking from you. When you witness nastiness, or I TELL YOU about any rude behavior, you help put an immediate stop to it. She may be your mother, but I am your wife. I am the mother of our child and this is our home. I should not, &amp; will not, tolerate being treated like a lesser human by anyone in my own home, nor will I allow YOU to be treated like that." I'd be tempted to record her rudeness and post that crap to social media. Shame her until she gets it.
In a good old fashioned notecard: "Good to hear from you. Hope you are doing well. It's always good to know one is being missed, isn't it?! Busy as bees here, but all is well. Thanks for letting us know how you are. Will talk soon. Take care. All my best, shessolucky" Aren't you just the sweetest girl to drop her a quick note and everything when you're so busy. Who could begrudge that token of care &amp; affection? ;)
Don't forget to add the sound of the locked doorknob being turned.
If it's not a kid, then it's a dog or cat wanting in or out.
Ask them how can you "steal" an adult? He is not a piece of property. He doesn't "belong" to them. He is a fully grown, autonomous human being with his own thoughts &amp; feelings. He is entitled to live his life as he chooses, and he chooses to make a life WITH HIS WIFE. By what right do they think he is theirs to do with what they will? His mother gave birth to him. They raised him until adulthood, just as you two will do with your child. Their job as parents is complete. It is done. They have no claim on him other than the fact they can call him "son."
"You know, if I didn't know you any better, I'd think you are actually serious when you made that statement, but I know you are not THAT stupid to think that way. I mean, seriously. Can you imagine there are people who actually think that way??? What a bunch of idiots!"
Time to break out the penis party hats. Congratulations!
Ancient Aliens. Mock worthy and fun. I'm not saying it's aliens, but, well...you know.
Thought BitchBot was having more than a hitch to her get-along when I saw "Cebolla" pop up as a new person. So, your MiL has multi-layers of crazy and you want a moniker to go with that...Things with many layers: Trifle Lasagna Parfait Tiramisu Sachertorte Artichokes Layer Cake Shale 7 Layer Dip Croissant--because she has crazy, flaky layers
Thank you for updating while in the midst of all this. Keep your head on a swivel and document every single instance of any encounter/communications you have with your husband, or any one else who intercedes on his behalf. Time, date, location, etc. Good luck!
Lock the bike up, "lose" the key for awhile. Forced into sharing something that was given to YOU alone is NOT sharing.
Has anyone mentioned trying an NSAID for your periods, but taking it BEFORE the pain begins? Start taking them a full 48 hours prior to expected onset of your period, and take it like clockwork. You may find it helps a bit more rather than waiting for the initial discomfort to begin. The NSAIDs knock the inflammation down a bit faster.
Stuff it into your freezer and give it away at Halloween. No room in the freezer? Buy a few cheap plastic tubs at the dollar store and keep it in those. Stuff them some place out of sight. Candy has a pretty decent shelf life, so it won't go bad before Halloween.
Perfect if her head is thick as a rock.
Tracking on a calendar might help you figure out a general pattern as well as paying close attention to the changes in the viscosity/appearance of your vaginal discharge throughout the month. I suggested this because the daughter of a woman I worked with had a daughter who would lose several days a month due to horrible cramping, nausea, and "period poops." Her GYN suggested this strategy and it helped tremendously. On those rare occasions she forgot the preemptive strike, she was miserable.
Perhaps she needs the diversion of your birthday to take her mind off the pain of watching her husband die? Makes sense in a weird way. My mom died three days prior to a milestone birthday for me. Even though I had a contentious relationship with my mom, last thing I wanted to do was celebrate, but I let my kids plan a tiny home celebration when I returned because it helped them take their minds off of losing their grandmother. Hang in there.
Aw, bless her heart. Furthering her education must have been impeded by various obstacles in her life. My heart aches for people who have had no one in their lives to help them explore the wealth of knowledge waiting for them beyond their limited education. Dear lady, proper punctuation and grammar have a purpose in our lives. https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/61/d6/60/61d6601e73e9b475aac9a3049726fe71.jpg
probly supposively unflammable irregardless mute point She had no regrats posting her message to facebook.
LOL! There's real, and then there's *real.* When my kids were in the single digits, they referred to headaches as "headeggs." If it hurt to swallow, they suffered from "sore goats." That extra fold of baby fat at their arm pit was called "woobie pudge." We had a "dijigal clock" in the kitchen where they ate "brekfixt" each morning. We have quite a few other words which have managed to stick around and are still used by us. I catch myself saying "brekfixt" more often than not!
I don't see why you CAN'T tell her she's on an info diet from now on. SHE broke her word to you and should suffer the consequences. Her *knowing* she'd going to be cut out of the flow of information from now on because she couldn't keep her big trap SHUT is the perfect addition to her punishment. She only has herself to blame.
I forgot to add "mindgrains" which are the really bad "headeggs."
I've also heard it referred to as a "moo point." Shot a martini out of my nose when I heard it. I might not be the most ladylike person at times.
Think of it as another tool in your toolbox of Fit &amp; Healthy!
"Scarfing" was Valley-speak when I was young.
Very possibly. Husband is of Cuban descent.
Totally. "All I need are some tasty waves, a cool buzz, and I'm fine."
"Bad children." What the hell?
Well, THAT explains why I'm now needing "readers" to thread a needle! I wonderful if she thinks a woman can become pregnant by swallowing a "load?" Damned near blinded my own family by dumping a spoonful of hot pepper flakes into some heated garlic oil. Was making a spicy beef &amp; broccoli stir fry and wasn't paying attention to order of ingredients. Resulted in streaming eyes, snotty noses, coughing, a lot of "Are you trying to kill us, Mom??"s, and an explanation from husband on pepper gas. (Did you know that getting pepper spray in your eyes can temporarily change the color of your irises? Husband had to undergo pepper gas training as one of the qualifications for his job. Came home with his brown eyes looking more blue than my blue-grey ones. Freaky!) u/Malakoji Love that Lewis Black quote. Looks like I'm going to have to break down and find his stand up videos--I'm ashamed to admit I've never watched any of them other than in little snippets. u/subspicious, "cuntagious" has now been officially added to my list of wonderful words! Thank you! I learn so many wonderful things from this sub.
I was scarred for life by a pressure cooker incident when I was young. My mom had an ancient one (might have been borrowed from her Narc MiL) explode on her. For months, she was scraping bits of a New England Boiled Dinner off our "popcorn textured" ceiling (Yay for 70's decor. I grew up surrounded by lots of rusts, browns, orange appliances, furniture, and avocado shag pile wall-to-wall carpeting. Ever see *That 70s Show*? That was my life, and my wardrobe!)
Champagne leans to warm gold tones like a glass of champagne. Grey/silver leans toward the cool blue side of the spectrum. All in all, I think you dodged a bullet. Not a sexy, cut down to there gown, AND it wasn't white, cream, ivory, or beige. Your gown was lovely!
Your response to her? "OK."
Caffeine does have some vasodilator properties. It can help asthmatics breathe more easily, but it can take up to 2 to 4 hours after ingestion. I doubt Pepsi is 5 second magical. (Although I swear I've felt my first two sips of an icy gin martini go straight to my thighs &amp; knees and make them relax.)
&gt;"she is your only mom, you should forgive and forget". Yes. You should forgive yourself for any feelings of guilt she might have instilled in you, any heart strings you allowed her to pull, any buttons you allowed her to push. Forgive YOURSELF for all of the mixed up, mishmash of feelings towards her. And then forget. Forget that she is your mother. From now on, treat her like you would treat any other ridiculous, rude stranger you might meet. If you can't go NC, then limit your contact with her to text messaging only. Do not answer phone calls from her. Do not rise up to take the anger/emotional reaction bait she dangles in front of you. Recognize how much she ENJOYS causing upset &amp; pain in your life. She feeds off of your negative emotions. Starve her. Don't react. Be blunt, curt, &amp; truthful to her in as few words as possible if you do have to communicate. &gt;"Hi! So! I am going to assume that you will never forgive me and will always hate me?" "Good assumption." &gt;"I am not being passive aggressive, I am sorry that I bruised your fragile little ego" "You don't matter enough in my life for it to bother me any more." To the flying monkeys you reply "that might be how she is now, but that doesn't require me to accept reprehensible behavior. **You** wouldn't accept behavior like hers from a stranger, so why are you bent on making me accept it from someone who should know better *because she's my mother?*" Giving birth isn't license to abuse, degrade, humiliate, or emotionally torture ANYONE. Some of us will never have the mother we deserve. This is the hardest thing to understand. Mourning the relationship that never was, and never will be, is a tough hurdle to jump. She is irreparably broken. Recognize this. Don't allow her any more chances to try to break you as well. Remember, what you allow to happen WILL continue, and it invariably will trickle down to YOUR children. If for no other reason, limit your contact, limit the abuse you take from this woman, for their sake.
They look like they're made from polyester fabric which equals hot sleeping. She does have quite the eye for different, doesn't she?
Internet hugs from a stranger. That feeling of wanting to stab her in return and twist the knife a few times before you're done is natural. Perhaps when YOU choose to forever go NC, you'll realize YOU will be the winner. You see, as long as you remain unresponsive, YOU WIN THE LONG GAME. It may not feel like you are winning, but you will be! You have all the cards, all the game pieces, all the poker chips. She can't play without them, and without them, she can't win. Silence can speak volumes.
If you have to talk to her, you could try to keep your answers to her brief. Passive. Don't rise to the fight bait she dangles. Say "Ok," or "you might be right," "that's a possibility," "I wish I knew why," or "you've given me something to think about." "I'm sorry you're feeling this way." All vague, open ended answers. Don't confirm or deny accusations.
A coward? No, you're not a coward. You simply are no longer interested in listening to her version of "how things should be." "I'm not addressing what you're saying? Hmmm. Perhaps it's because I don't give a damn/I just don't care what you think any more." Once you give yourself permission to walk away, to stop being afraid of keeping *her* good opinion &amp; what *she* thinks, you become free. You have to teach yourself not to care anymore. Dobby is a free elf. I can tell you from personal experience, no longer being "afraid" of your mother, realizing you do not have to put up with her crap is freeing. There's a certain strength that comes with the realization she can't send you to your room, she can't ground you from watching TV. You are FREE to live your life the way YOU want to. You can shoo her away with a "Be gone! You have no power here!"
Maybe "baby breath" is like "puppy breath" to her? Weirdo.
Damn! I never thought about throwing myself a party each time I had to self administer all those Lovenox injections. One night could've been a kegger, then a BBQ for the next one, a cookie party for the third...what a lost opportunity!
Doncha know, SOOOO many people swear they are descended from a Cherokee Princess. It's always a Cherokee Princess. "You can tell because we have high cheek bones..."
"Jeez, mom! What the hell is wrong with you? This is something a psycho stalker sends to their victim!"
Maybe it depends on the breed. Our Aussies had an almost sweet earthy/coffee scent to their breath.
Well, she's shown you where her priorities lie--at least for right now. Act accordingly going forward. Only provide barest details and only if asked from now on. Don't volunteer information. Evade the details. "Every thing is "handled/taken care of/no worries, we have it under control." When someone shows you who &amp; what they are, BELIEVE THEM!
Think of her as a person who is wired to put herself and her wants before those people with whom she has not developed a deep connection with. Now that you know how she operates, be more choosy in how much of yourself you offer up to her. It appears she doesn't know how to be honest with you. You could dump this in your FH's lap so he can ask why she decided at the last minute to go to a theme park rather than go dress shopping. Her behavior was a bit cold and distant and rather insulting when seen from your point of view. Perhaps, she's put out with you for inviting other people on the dress hunt. Perhaps she's just a selfish beast who doesn't care that you were expecting her to go with you. You won't know until someone asks.
Aye, that they do! I am "lucky" to have a numb area in pie-shaped wedge from my navel to my pubic bone due to nerve injury after my C-section. I was able to concentrate on that area for my of the injections, but the few times I strayed outside of it? Whew, Lordy! It stung like a bee!!!
I've down the 23&amp;Me as well. The closest I could claim to NA is 0.1% Yakut. The Yakut come from an area compassing those tiny little Islands that reach across the Pacific to the Alaskan Islands. Very likely these people share some DNA with the same people who crossed the Bering Straits into the Americas thousands of years ago. My dad had his DNA testing performed as well. While both he &amp; I are well over 90% European, we were surprised to see around 8 generations ago up popped Japanese--of course it seems to go away depending on where the "safe bet" percentage is set.
That's when you tell them the Cherokee don't have kings, queens, nor princesses. Any idea to which of the First Nations people you descend?
I'd bet a LOT of people would change their tune if *they* had to contribute financially before they could claim First Nations status.
I think this is a prime example of the "lesser of two evils." :)
Here. Have an upvote for a Doctor reference.
HOW do you eff up a HAM???
The difference here is she actually *was* the daughter of a Paramount Chief, and there is a historical paper trail which includes her brief life in England prior to her death. While some of the stories about her might not be true, the fact remains she did give birth to one child before her death. If your mother's family can accurately trace their lineage back to Thomas Rolfe, then those claims have a better chance of being true.
"Look, MiL, we all know you don't even have a *sensitivity,* let alone a full blown allergy to dogs. Why don't you just come out and admit it? I mean, come on! Let's be honest here. You don't like the dogs, pure and simple. No one is going to hate you for admitting it. In fact, we'd appreciate it much more than you fibbing about the matter."
Claritin and some nasal Flonase works for me. I've developed sensitivities to both my pups and the cats from hell. If FMiL is THAT allergic, then SHE needs to get an epi-pen for her anaphylactic reactions (just in case being around someone who has been around the dogs since she's so darned allergic) and you can send her a list of hotels in the area. Maybe you should call her "Wheezer."
Ever hear of the *Black Irish?* Strong Spanish DNA among the Black Irish. https://www.irishcentral.com/roots/history/who-were-the-black-irish-92376439-237784721
LMAO! Oh, gracious me, that poor lil' thing. I do believe she's just a bit touched in th' head, isn't she? ;)
Is she under the care of a mental health professional, because WHOA!!
I don't think it's cruel at all if your mom's stint in ICU &amp; the stomach pump put a stop to her suicide threats. At least it was a start to documenting her mental issues. I'd suggest your husband dig up and resend any message/email from last year where he had listed why he was going VLC with her, "In case your memory is failing you, a reminder of why."
"Hey, sweetie! Wanna go on a private treasure hunt? If you're lucky, I'll bet you'll be able to find a pink pearl in a matter of seconds!" ;)
"Why is grandma texting in the third person? Is grandma having an episode of some sort? It is rather...off-putting and a bit odd. Perhaps a new hobby for you might be in order as my child is not a toy for your amusement or companionship. I AM away from home on business. I don't have a lot of free time to check my messages or reply to nonsense texting. In the future, please keep any text messages to me while I'm away on business confined to brief IMPORTANT messages only. I'm sure you understand. Thank you for your kind words. Have a good night." Brutal? Perhaps, but on point and truthful. So what if she bitches? You've been truthful and even gone as far as to state a very valid reason behind your request for the nonsense texts to stop. Edit--Block her. Tell your DH once she notices she's been blocked that she texted you non-stop even after you asked her to stop. Her texting was bordering on stalker mode and you are at your wit's end. Your choice was to block her or rage at her into a point of no return. "I did what was best for ME this time."
In our house, the dryer doubles as a storage unit &amp; iron. We are a lazy/distracted family. Sometimes a load of laundry will stay in the dryer until someone realizes they're missing a particular item of clothing.
Every time I remove the sheets from the dryer, I think of my Gran and her ironed sheets. Ain't no body got time for that--but I do remember how lovely it was to visit her house and lie in a bed with crisply ironed sheets.
"You keep using that word..."
I like "having a wasp up her ass" much better than "having a bee in her bonnet!"
Can you imagine being the poor patient sharing a semi-private room with her? I wonder if she'd instruct them how to use the loo, too?
A Cease &amp; Desist is a bit different from an RO. If you're near a military installation, I'm willing to bet Base Legal could draft a quick C&amp;D for you. It might be worth getting an appointment to speak with someone.
I'd consider playing tourist in your own town. Do you have a Farmers Market or Art Walk you can spend a few hours? What about a local microbrewery? Do they offer free tours? Download a local historical marker app for your phone and try to visit as many as you can that are in your area. Go to the local museum, go to lunch, take in a matinee movie or two (pack your own snacks), and then go out to dinner. Check into a reasonably priced hotel with a stack of movies you've been wanting to see (or bring a streaming device with you), pack some heavy snacks/order take out food, &amp; have some kinky cheap hotel sex. Offer to baby sit someone else's kids so THEY can go off and do something fun. You can do this!
From now on, each and every time you invite her to visit you make note of it in a calendar of some sort, whether it's on your phone or a paper calendar. When she goes on her "Oh, I'm never included/invited" rant, bust out that calendar and list every instance **she chose** not to visit. You could casually mention the party and hope she won't come just like all the other times she's blown you off. But, since you'd rather NOT invite her, just be prepared with a firm reply: "We've asked you over and over to come see the baby--it's darned well easier for you to come see us than for us to drag all our baby gear to see you, by the way--and you have never, EVER chosen to come visit LO and I think that's shameful. Well, we didn't need a house to fall on us to take the hint. You aren't interested in your grandchild. We get it now. We didn't want to bother you with another invitation to see the baby."
Yes, it IS Thomas. That's pretty cool! So, I hafta ask...can you paint with all the colors of the wind? ;)
Give him your sexiest smile and tell him to be extra gentle with you?
"And I'm dead serious that what you've just said is extremely rude. Sing-song nursery rhyme voice or not, what you've just sung is an insult to that child's mother who just happens to be ME."
"Why are you asking?" "That's a rather personal question. Why do you need to know?" "My, you certainly ask quite a few personal questions, don't you?" "You certainly are inquisitive, aren't you?" "Now, MiL, you're treading into NotYourBusiness territory. Would you like some coffee?" "MiL, when, or if, we decide to have children is really not your concern." "You DO understand any children which we might have are not for your personal amusement. If you need something to love, have you thought about getting a cat?" "MiL! Good grief! Do you know how that came out??? If anyone heard what you just said, they'd be stunned. I'm so glad you said that in private. I'd be so embarrassed for you if you were overheard in public!" "Seriously? You seriously just said that?" "Wow." Said softly, and with a gentle shake of your head. "Huh. Well, you sure do have a set opinion on things, don't you?" "Well, aren't we just a ray of sunshine today?" "I haven't found that to be the case." "You do you, MiL. /I'm glad that works for you." My personal favorite to an unpopular opinion is the simple one word "noted."
"You know what they say about curiosity...Hey! That's an idea! Have you thought about getting a kitty?" "Oh, I don't want to talk about that now. What's the most exotic thing you've ever eaten?" "Same thing, different day/Oh, the usual, nothing special." "OH! Have you seen the trailers for the new *Murder On The Orient Express?* Kevin Branagh can grow quite a mustache!" Keep adding to your list! Practice saying them in the shower. (Ever hear of an old cartoon character named "Sniffles the Mouse?" That's what I imagine her as, just chattering away. My Gran used to yak non-stop. My mother swore she did it to keep herself grounded in reality. Mom &amp; Gran were not each other's biggest fans.)
Remember these words "**I** am the mommy!"
Are you in an apartment or house? If it's a house, you *could* tuck things away in the attic/crawl space. Stuff things into plastic storage bags or even plastic garbage bags--easy to haul up and down. The electronics like your computers and game systems I would box up and leave sealed with a close friend.
You and &amp; posted within minutes of each other!
The proper response? "No. Thank you. Until you **choose** to stop the *involuntary* behavior, my opinion of you will not change, nor will my relationship with you. If you want me in your life, then you must change your critical, obstinate, controlling, and offensive behavior. No change. No daughter."
"MiL, generally, a guest to a function does not get to dictate any of the events at said function. Thank you for your input, but it's not necessary. We have it all under control."
"No need to go any where. DH &amp; I have the arrangements EXACTLY how we want them. We *are* getting the impression you want a real hoop-de-do with particular things in a certain way and it's not anything we're interested in doing. Not at all. Our suggestion is you and FiL plan a vow renewal ceremony for yourselves. This way, you can have YOUR dream ceremony &amp; reception the way YOU want it. Please understand, we have already decided on what WE want for OUR event. Your ideas simply don't mesh with ours, so thank you for your input, but we're good. The subject is closed for discussion."
I'm betting the bride-to-be looked so lovely in the dress that FMiL was JEALOUS, and made those awful remarks to FSiL to make her raggedy bitch self feel better. The first hint was her picking out the totally unsuitable gowns that had already been rejected.
I'd find a way to limit any control or input that spiteful woman has in the wedding planning. Sure, say her suggestions are wonderful, but deep six every single one. Beast of a woman to act like that about her future DiL.
Has your doctor mentioned using Xeomin or Botox injections to relieve the frequent migraines? I'm not sure it works for migraines as a result of injury, but perhaps it's worth investigating?
Coffee. ALL over my laptop! I now have it bookmarked! Thanks!
&gt;I mean, you're always trying to get me to! I'd leave this part out. No sense in confirming what MiL suspects, that she knows exactly which of OP's buttons to push to aggravate or antagonize her.
Good luck! Please pop back up if she tries to come after you by financially undermining your access to assistance with your educational funding. There are so many people here you can point you in the right direction to get out from under her financial thumb. I can't remember if you're in the US or not, but if you are and you're working part time, make sure you file your income taxes as soon as you receive your W-2 so she can't claim you as a dependent for this year.
&gt;should I give word at the Main Gate to the base that MIL and FIL are not to be let on base? Yes. There should be a 100% ID check to get through the gate. Depending on who is manning the gates (active duty personnel or the contracted security) you can contact either military Security, or the contract Chief of Police's office and give them a heads up you anticipate a bit of a problem with an unstable person trying to gain access. Tell them she will be intent on disrupting a military ceremony--yeah, you're fudging the truth here...maybe. Description of vehicle(s) as well as first and last names will be helpful.
Oooh! Beautiful dress. I've have excellent luck using Amazon for Chinese vendors. Amazon has a pretty darned good return policy &amp; customer satisfaction policy. I have to ask, what is the worst possible outcome you could imagine if you SENT this letter to her?
That's too bad it had no benefits, and phooey on suffering another head injury! Booooo on that! German-produced Xeomin (which is very slightly different than Allergan's Botox) generally is less expensive per unit and its effects seem to last longer than Botox. Just thought I'd throw that out there for anyone who does receive Botox injections.
Ah, look at it like this: your glass is half FULL because you're still here, AND it's important to remember that glass is refillable!!! (Merz Pharmaceuticals is the manufacturer of Xeomin)
SO can try *"Are they employees? No? Well then, there's your answer. Why would she want to do something to get herself fired? You are being rude to keep suggesting she do just that."* or *"Asked, and answered. Don't ask again."*
If it has something to do with "the will," then let's assume there's a lawyer involved at some point. If she brings up the SS card again, ask for the lawyer's name who is handling the will, any contact info, and tell her you will be sending the info straight to the lawyer's office ASAP. If she's not willing to settle for that, well then, no SS card info.
You're a good soul, doing the work of the sainted Luis!
The three bases in my area are on a 100% ID check.
It will so freeing the day he finally realizes deep inside that he doesn't have to be afraid of his mom any more. Yeah, she will get nasty &amp; pissy when he says "No," but he is an adult. He has the responsibility to HIMSELF to learn how to make that fist, say "no" and know it's ok to do so because that's what grown ups do.
Usually both the shower curtain and the liner are machine washable. I put the liner in with some towels so the towels sorta scrub the liner as it goes through the wash cycle. Doesn't works as well since we bought a low-water washer without the agitator in the center (I'm ready to give it away and buy a Speed Queen).
"YOU are incorrect in your both your assumptions that baby is underweight, and malnourished. Unless you're sporting an M.D. after your name, your opinion holds even *less* weight. From here on out, let's keep our uneducated opinions to ourselves, shall we?"
Even that is too nice. I'd be tempted to respond publicly with a simple *OK*, put her on the restricted list, and stop following her. No more wedding details, strict info diet on your lives from now on.
If she persists, ask her which hotel chain she prefers and that you will send her the contact information of the most local hotels in your area, "...because as we've mentioned in the past, we have no room and no one will be sleeping on our sofa, including you."
&gt; treated like faaaaaaamily "Of course you want to be treated like family. I would've hoped to be treated like family when we made the engagement announcement or the pregnancy announcement; but alas... So know THIS: family isn't sleeping for two weeks in the middle of our living room. That is NOT going to happen. Ever. Family can make arrangements for a hotel stay during their visit, or family doesn't visit." Seriously, once you lay down the law as to who visits when and where they sleep, what is she going to do? Not like you any more? Be passive aggressive towards you? I have a feeling that ship sailed long ago.
Eyebrows. Use them. Arch them. Stare that bitch down. I mean STARE HER DOWN until she looks away. Learn to perfect the bitch face. I have a natural RBF, so it's a walk in the park for me--I just put no expression on my face, &amp; voilà! Bitch Face!
Ah...let her hang herself with her own length of bitchy rope? I suppose "As you wish," wouldn't fly either.
Boy, I sure hope he responded to his mom with something like *"I make sure to hug my wife every single day, and then some!"*
You realize if you do this, YOU will be blamed for leaving it on the lawn for it to get ruined, don't you? I wouldn't feed anything more into their little dramafest of the narcs. If the items are ruined, pitch them out completely. Do NOT give either one of them the satisfaction of knowing the little stunt of theirs has gotten your hackles up. Wanting to let them know they're pissants is a natural reaction, but if you do so, you'll only be giving them the reaction (which is ANY reaction from you) they desire. Don't play into their hands. Don't play their game. Starving them of any reaction from you is a much better revenge. Take my word for it, and watch what they do next. Odds are they'll begin ramping up as they try to feed their drama addiction. edit--You called them toddlers. When a toddler throws a tantrum, you don't give into the toddler/feed the tantrum. You put the toddler in time out. Same goes for In-Laws. Bad behavior earns them Time Out.
It's too bad he couldn't secretly conspire with the sisters to be ready for Uber to pick them up at a certain time to drive them to the wedding (or close female friend could meet them somewhere &amp; take them) . He'd have outfits for them to change into for the wedding, etc. I suppose that would be probably tantamount to kidnapping.
https://gfycat.com/UnpleasantFancyFairyfly This has potential!
You CAN bag yourself, however many people buy more than a week's worth of groceries at a time (have you seen the size of American grocery shopping buggies?). An American grocery store in a well populated city suburb has everything all in one place. Some of them are huge in selection as well as square footage. It's much more expedient for the customer to continue unloading groceries onto the conveyor belt, while the cashier rings up the items, slides them down towards the bag person who quickly bags the items APPROPRIATELY--in other words, cans with cans, bread &amp; eggs together, heavy produce with other heavy produce--no potatoes on top of the tomatoes. Chilled items packed together to stay cold for the drive home. I sometimes do an ENORMOUS shopping trip for the entire month (lots of dry goods/canned items/pantry staples plus all the meats &amp; poultry I'll store in my freezer). It would make the check out process twice as long if either the cashier or I had to stop doing what we're doing to bag the groceries. The bagger is employed to streamline the check process. If you've ever been behind an elderly person in a checkout line with a larger order, you'd understand just how beneficial employing baggers can be to everyone!
I do a monthly to 6 week shop for my family at my local commissary. Almost all the meats, bacon, frozen vegetables, dry goods, laundry detergent, EVERYTHING gets purchased there. Cartload full. According to the signs, the baggers work for tips only. If I had to bag it all myself properly, I'd be there for awhile. The baggers I normally get are these teeny little Filipino grandma types who will smack my hands if I try to help them load the groceries into my car, but I tell them together we can load faster and then they can get back inside to make more tips. The women are pros and pack my insulated/reusable bags like a frigging Tetris puzzle! I usually tip between $7-$10, but then my tab is well into the $600-$700 for a family of 4 adults &amp; four pets, since it includes EVERYTHING (foods, cleaning supplies, toiletries) we use in the household for 4 to 6 weeks. Having a huge freezer saves us in the long run. I'll pick up some extremely short shelf life fresh vegetables at the local grocery store once we run out
There's also this version. You can use milk, beer, chicken broth, or water. http://modernistcuisine.com/recipes/silky-smooth-macaroni-and-cheese/
I'd draw a line in the sand. Yes, the children may attend; however, they WILL view the ceremony remotely. Have someone who is tech savvy set up a monitor in the special children's room for them to watch with the hired sitter. If a parent isn't comfortable with the sitter, then they, too, can stay with their kid. (If you're being married in a church, some of them have a room for parents to sneak away with the kids, but still hear the services.) If you find that everyone is refusing to abide by the concession of a special viewing area set aside for the little folks who are simply too young to grasp the serious special moment that is a wedding ceremony, then do this: During the ceremony, when it's obvious that selfish sis/bro in-law, or crazy cousin is NOT doing a damned thing to silence fussbudget baby, ask the officiant to hold the ceremony for a moment. Turn around, march yourself down the aisle to the offending PARENT as gracefully as you can. Hold out your hand to them and say "Let's find you a peaceful place so that you can quiet the little one in private and so that I may actually hear the vows DH &amp; I are trying to exchange. Come on. This way." To the rest of the attendees, "I'll be back in a moment. It's tough when you're a little one in an adult world. We'll have this sorted in a moment." Walk them down to the doors, open doors, push them through, turn back around, stroll like a boss right back up the aisle to your groom and say "Now, where were we? I think it's time you and I got married!"
Well, I suppose I can just go ahead and chuck my dinner into the fridge because that little tidbit flat out ruined my appetite.
The thing is, you &amp; your husband aren't responsible for their hurt feelings, especially when those feelings stem from being called out for their poor manners. Family, or not, ALL potential visitors need to realize the baby isn't a new amusement at the park for them to play with any time they feel like it. You BOTH are tired. ALL guests should have the good manners and common respect to check WELL IN ADVANCE to see if their visit would be a welcome one, or a hindrance. "MiL, perhaps you have forgotten what it's like to have a newborn in the house. I am tired. Your son is tired. We don't care WHO thinks they can just pop in unannounced. Be it family or friend, showing up uninvited, or without asking WELL IN ADVANCE if a visit would be welcome, is downright RUDE. Whether you recognize it or not, it is rude behavior. We've asked nicely. Ignoring our polite requests reflects a surprising amount of selfishness on your part. From now on, if you show up uninvited on our doorstep, you will not be invited in. And none of this 'we're on our way, is it ok?' when you're 30 minutes away nonsense either. We want a call at least a full day in advance. No phone call, no entry into our home. It's this simple. The pop in visits are stopping now."
Try using liner pencils and opt for harder/firmer pencils rather than the softer ones. Get a sharpener for them, too. The firmer pencils allow you to draw a finer line at your lashes, and apply much less color so you can gradually build the thickness/look you desire. Find an eye liner smudge brush similar to this one to make mistakes less obvious. http://thegirlinu.com/images/e.l.f_smudge_brush.jpg Mascara is a necessity. I like good ol' Maybelline Stiletto to lengthen, and then I follow it up with Urban Decay's Perversion mascara if I want thicker, more dramatic lashes. Get a good vanity mirror, decent lighting, put on some music in the evening, and play with your makeup. Sephora is a wonderful place for getting help. Be honest with the stylist. Tell her you know nothing about application and that you don't necessarily want to do the full face, primer/foundation/contouring/highlighting nonsense. You just want brighter, more attractive eyes, and a bit of cheek &amp; lip color. Describe your daily routine, the look you want to achieve, and the time you expect to put in for application. Bring in photos of the look you like--it helps if they're photos of people with similar coloring and facial structure to yours. Learning how to spackle and paint to get the results you want takes practice. So, practice! Play around. Experiment with crazy looks. You might surprise yourself by discovering something you think is odd actually looks fantastic. Sign up for a few beauty boxes to get samples of makeup. I like Sephora's Play! It has a decent range of products &amp; most of them have been in usable sized samples. (Used to adore Birchbox, but they've been a bit of a let down over the past year or two.)
"Awwww, thank you for your suggestion, but no. Thank you. No." "Not taking reception ideas at the moment. Thanks. Hey, I have to ask you privately. Are you doing a different beauty routine? Your skin is simple radiant. No, seriously. Your skin is ah-MAZING!" Shift the subject back to her with a compliment. If not skin, then weight, or hair, or new item of clothing. Narcs love to preen when they receive a compliment.
"MiL, why are you hungry? **I'M** not hungry, so that means that **you** can't be hungry either, because aren't ALL humans exactly alike with the exact same needs &amp; requirements?"
"Won't let her see the children? What nonsense. We love BiL1 way too much to disrupt his lovely wedding with overly tired youngsters. Besides, evening weddings really aren't geared towards children who go to bed with the chickens. We wouldn't dream of bringing a pair of crankypants kids to a special event that ran waaaay past they bedtime. That wouldn't be fair to BiL &amp; his bride, to us &amp; the guests, and certainly not fair to the kids."
In your best sad concern troll voice: "Oh, dear. We were afraid of this. The poor thing is given to histrionics &amp; emotional displays, isn't she? We were so hoping someone in the family could talk her into getting some sort of therapy. The poor dear. You know, we had to put a bit of distance between us. She was just getting so...well, it makes us very uncomfortable &amp; uneasy to have the children see her when she gets like this. And it's just so often...She needs...guidance from a professional of some sort." :::head shake with pity::
Because invariably, if you're a nice person, tootling along at the speed limit in the right hand lane, the person you let in will be that ass who will insist on driving 10 miles under the speed limit, brake through green lights, but speed up when you get that tiny window in traffic to pass their clueless ass. They are also the same people who leave 5 car lengths of space between them and the car ahead of them in that one left turn lane with the notoriously short light and absolutely dawdle when the light turns green because why accelerate with any alacrity so the other poor sods can get through the light, too. Grrrrrr.
That's downright sad.
One of our commentors who frequents the RaisedByNarcs sub made your same observation. It's like the narc is the center of the universe. Everyone else is their satellite, and the very thought others disagreeing with how they thought or felt almost was beyond their imagination. So many of us have seen it happen in our own lives. Everyone kowtows to the narc to avoid the emotional fallout. I've always wondered if this "it's all about me" belief is something they were taught or if it was because their internal wiring was FUBARed from birth. It's almost like it's a form of damage.
A bit sketchy to be honest, and light in tone.
You have to summon your inner Shatner!
Sweet sugarplum nightmares! Whoa. Your poor DH. It must be hard on him to keep expecting normal to suddenly emerge from decades of mental illness. It's not fair that other people are judging you two for trying to keep your world safe and free from the crazy as much as you possibly can.
Have you ever noticed how the clothing stores put the 6 Long/Tall pants and the lowest shelves in the store? It's a looong way down!
Considering where Amelia Island is along the eastern coast, (or any where from St. Simon's Island down past Jacksonville for that matter) the area's track record is pretty good on avoiding hurricanes. Now, if you're talking about moving to somewhere along the Gulf Coast, well then that's more of a gamble--but those sugar white sands are almost worth it.
Oh, my stars, they *are* stuck in a shower rut, aren't they? Because they've never had the sense to have a shower any other way? (I suppose they have sex flat on their backs, with the lights completely off while they make up their grocery lists in their heads until it's over.) My Bridal Shower was a late afternoon cocktail party. A cocktail party with finger food. And cocktails. Quite a few. A shower can be any damned thing you want. Bourbon. Good headwork!
&gt;"No I am not going with you to Star Wars premier with you in a Star Trek uniform." I should hope not! That's all kinds of worlds colliding! ;)
You really need to read all about u/broshio and her tale of the rooster decor (among other changes made to her place). https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/6947k6/she_rearranged_my_entire_kitchen_and_living_room/ From now on, the words "knock knock, mother fucker" will bring a smile to my face. (You'll have to read this to understand. http://thebloggess.com/2011/06/21/and-thats-why-you-should-learn-to-pick-your-battles/ )
I'm a redditor, dammit, not a miracle worker!
Idea for the NEXT Bride to Be this happens to: You're going to appeal to her vanity, and to whatever mother/daughter relationship you two share. Buy her a beautifully patterned, very light weight scarf with lots of colors to wear with her suit and present it to her after she helps you into your dress. Special bonus points if you can find one with your wedding colors. By choosing this particular timing of the gift, you'll be putting her on the spot. Hopefully, enough on the spot that she can't refuse the wish of her daughter, the Bride. *"Mom, you've helped to give me the wedding of my dreams today, and it would mean the world to me if you'd wear this today during the ceremony. In my heart, you're part of my wedding party, too. The colors of the scarf reflect that. I want you to stand out in the photos since you are important to me. Plus, I wanted to give you something you can wear later on to remember this beautiful day we've shared. This is a big day for both of us."* Ebay has thousands to choose from in so many styles. Best of all, inexpensive!
In the deep south, we wear our hats to funerals! ;) (Sometimes we really do wear them at fancy garden outdoor weddings--and damn, you've really got to love the couple to attend a summer outdoor wedding. Heat, humidity, and the threat of afternoon thunderboomers. It'll take the starch right out of your seersucker!)
Ya know...GMIL just *might* be trying to get rid of CC. I wouldn't blame her if she was. I mean, come ON! Wouldn't YOU if you could? ;)
To her flying monkeys: "We appreciate that MiL is just over the moon about the baby, but she forgets what it's like to have a new little one in the house. DH gets precious few days off. We absolutely cannot be spending all that time stuck in a car, when we have our own home, &amp; activities to attend to. We have stuff to do! It's just not fair to ask that of us. We just can't figure out why she's being so selfish &amp; thinking only about her wants instead of thinking about what is BEST for our new little family. I mean, she's actually trying to make us feel guilty by having other family members attempt to shame us. Can you imagine? Our own family is pulling this stuff. I can't even. We're so disappointed in them. We're at the point where we hate to even talk to them because it's nothing but guilt trip after guilt trip. What they don't realize is the guilt tripping is only making us LESS likely to put in the great effort to make a trip over."
Love is blind. It's also apparently deaf, &amp; pretty damned stupid, too.
Throw in some black tiles for "accent" and you've described my grandparents bathroom. Be forewarned. I've heard it's backing a comeback. Ugh. http://www.tileideaz.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/retro_pink_bathroom_tile_10.jpg
I got this compliment when I walked through a hotel lobby on my way to a formal event. I had my blonde hair piled high on my head, &amp; was wearing a full length heavily beaded gown that caught the overhead lighting like I was on fire. It simply sparkled. I heard a little girl's voice cry out "Oh, mommy! Look! Is she a princess? Oh, mommy...(and then very softly I heard as I walked past her) She's beautiful!" I turned around, curtsied, and blew her a kiss. Thank god for waterproof mascara because I couldn't get to the Ladies Room fast enough. She gave me one of the most meaningful compliments I've ever received in my life.
When I was about 8, I managed to save my money and for Mother's Day gave my mother a maroon flocked velvet pearl necklace-wearing cat statue about 14 inches tall that looked just like those silly cats hanging on the wall. Couldn't understand why she never put it on display. I had forgotten all about it until sorting through her things after her death. There it was in all its hideous glory, carefully kept in the original box. For all our difficulties we had with each other after I became an adult, finding that damned cat statue all those years later was like taking the finger out of an emotional dam. Kinda forgot about that memory until just now.
"...and bring your own meal. There will be no repeat of you eating a meal that was designated for DH, either. I don't care if he WAS asleep when his tray arrived. You ate his lunch that he should've been able to eat after he awoke. That darned sure won't be happening here as long as *I* am taking care of him!" Too mean &amp; to the point?
That's why I wrote what I wrote. It gets the point across that her shitty behavior was noted, and will not happen again!
Callsign: VP
I have to tell you, that little girl made me FEEL like a princess for the rest of the evening. Funny how just a few words from a stranger can change how we feel about ourselves.
OP just has to make sure not to do it when MiL is visiting, otherwise she'll have to stay until the knee is good enough to walk on. O.o Horrors!
Facebook? If so, make a public post about how excited you will be to celebrate your next birthday watching one of the most fabulous events ever! Your wonderful BiL *name* will be marrying the long time love of his life, your soon-to-be SiL *name*. "I'm just over the moon to be able to witness two darling people taking the big leap to everlasting happiness. Fingers crossed, I'll get to score an extra slice of wedding cake!. I'm so happy for them I could just about pop!!!" And make that post Public, tagging everyone in the family, especially pot-stirring MiL. That old witch. Edit--just saw you mention MiL is online illiterate. That's ok. Just make sure the REST of the family gets the heads up on how you feel. With MiL, you need to sit down with her and tell her to knock this crap off. If YOU have a problem with anything, then YOU will let people know--just like YOU are letting HER know right now you have a problem with her spreading untruths and stirring up problems where there should be NONE.
Video/record the visit, so when all the flying monkeys begin to swarm you can whip out the recording and let them watch the dramatics unfold.
Ehhh, not really. It's just that I've a very short MiL who, no matter how many times I'd nicely ask her to please get out of my way &amp; go sit down before one of us got hurt, would get constantly be up my backside in my kitchen while I'd be making dinner. I mean right behind me. I have 11 inches on the woman. It took me *literally* stepping all over her and clocking her with a heavy ceramic mixing bowl before she finally got the hint to stay out of the kitchen while I was cooking. Now when she visits there's a chair for her on the other side of the kitchen counter and a virtual line on the floor she may not cross--it's one of the few boundaries that took physical contact to reinforce. No regrets.
Is it possible to revise your due date? Have the info get back to her that according to the most recent ultrasound, the baby is actually due a few weeks later than you thought. I'm only halfway thru all the comments, but I'm sure someone has mentioned the list of helpful tips on the right written by a hospital security guard. If not, here it is: https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOMIL/comments/515unx/a_friendly_note_from_your_friendly_hospital/ Best wishes for everything to be peaceful &amp; as easy as possible!
Exactly, except cats seem to be more eager to learn the first time around.
DH is wise.
"Ah, yes. The Mayflower voyagers. One could almost equate those English Separatists to modern day religious sects. Rather cultish when one thinks about it. Makes me shudder to think what America could have become." ;) If you're gonna set a fire, set a big one.
Now, now. Let's not be cruel. Our day will come. ;) Did you know there's a sub for saggy boob lovers? The things one learns when you select Reddit ALL.
I once had a girlfriend who would say she'd wear low necklines for the rest of her life even if she had to roll her boobs up like a pair of old socks. She also used to joke about wanting to have rosebuds tattooed on her breasts because when she got old she would have a pair of long stemmed roses.
Too bad the photographer couldn't use some photoshop skills to do a bit of touch up...or lift.
"MiL, Thanks, but you don't have to answer for me. Goodness gracious! I'm pregnant, not mute! Yes, we have a short list of names picked out but nothing set in stone quite yet."
Florida girl chiming in. My very small Aldi looks run down &amp; drab--it's barely 2 years old! Dim lights, ugly interior colors. No decent traffic pattern to the aisles. Produce is ratty &amp; banged up with a very small selection of anything. The meat selection isn't much better. The only great deals I've found have been on the snack aisle. I was so excited when I heard one was being built in my area. Not a fan. I'd rather shop at Publix, pay a bit more, receive stellar customer service, &amp; fresh produce. I did have a chance to shop at a Wegmans in State College, PA last month. Wow. Huge. Excellent customer service. Good sale prices. Great deli, and the biggest head of cauliflower I have ever seen in my life. I'll definitely return the next time I'm up that way to visit.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I seem to remember a certain someone turning water into wine at a big wedding somewhere. Now, if JESUS decided wine was very proper to serve to a huge crowd of people, who are the In-Laws to pass judgment on someone who was enjoying a single glass of something that was ok in the eyes of a rather holy dude?
"Dr. Ellen, if I didn't know better, I'd swear you've forgotten the very basics of how genetics work. You can see for yourself that DD's *particular feature Ellen swears if from DH's side* is from ME. I can't for the life of me figure out why you are hellbent to continually ignore the fact this child has inherited genes from her mother as well as her father. It's asinine." Of course, this is gonna start a squabble, but dammit, she needs to be pointedly called on her stupidity more often.
GIVE IT RIGHT BACK TO HER. Serve it up on a platter, and dump it in her lap. "Oh, now don't be that way. You know I was just kidding. It's just my sense of humor. It's dry, just like yours. If I didn't like you, believe me when I say you'd definitely know it."
I got a nasty scratch from a metal door last month and my dentist friend who was visiting asked me if I remembered when I last had my tetanus booster. 2005? Oops. Stopped by my grocery store pharmacy (Go, Publix!) to see what I needed to do to get it updated and mentioned the TDAP. My pharmacist was tickled pink that I asked. Evidently, there aren't enough people getting it for stupid reasons. I live in an area which is experiencing a rapid growth in families who consider immunizations to be haram. I strongly believe in herd immunity, so I'll be damned if I'm going to allow myself to be a carrier in my community for something so deadly. Got it done Saturday afternoon while picking up some other meds. I was expecting at least a sore arm as a side effect the next day. Nothing. Zip. (Well, I did have a wicked headache later in the evening, but I had been having sinus problems all week, and TWO ocular migraines on Thursday which was scary weird). Getting it was SO EASY! If we're healthy adults otherwise, I can't understand why more people wouldn't get it. My reward is knowing I can cuddle a baby if the opportunity is ever presented without worrying quite as much.
"You know, Mom, you keep operating under the assumption that I'm always up to no good, that I'm always doing something sneaky or wrong. I'm tired of it. Nothing I say seems to change your opinion, so I might as well do those things you think I'm going to do. I mean, you're going to assume that I'm that way, so I might as well live up to your low expectations of me. Thanks for setting the bar so low!"
My eldest met her fiancé through WoW. She did the dating sites, blind date set ups from friends, all with no luck. Life is crazy like that. My husband &amp; I met in a most unusual way, so who are we to argue with Kismet?
Aw, hell. Beer's just liquid bread, right?
A November or December wedding! You CAN pull together a lovely wedding in a matter of a few short months. It CAN be done because I've done it (thanks to the United States Navy &amp; its ever changing schedules). You may not have all the spectacular three ring circuses with jugglers &amp; acrobats that some weddings have these days, but you CAN have a memorable ceremony with close friends &amp; family. Elegance and simplicity can go hand in hand. You don't have to have a sit down affair--buffets of all sorts are fun and cheaper. You don't have to have a full bar if it's too expensive. Beer, wine, soft drinks, and maybe a special wedding cocktail. Scale back your expectations. Think outside the box. Of course, getting married before baby sister throws her carnivale will rock the boat &amp; cause rough seas for years, but SHE isn't facing visa issues like the two of you are.
You have no idea what a relief this was to read. I had wickedly awful HG with both of my pregnancies, and my eldest daughter is so worried there might be a genetic component to it. Fingers crossed!
&gt;Baby is nearly four months old and she still follows me to all of his diaper changes when she is around. Stop mid-stride, turn around and say to her, "I have this. No need for supervision. No, seriously. No more hovering. I don't need help, nor do I like to be watched like a hawk. Please go back to the den/living room/kitchen/Satan's Rumpus Room and have a seat. We'll be back in a minute." Stand there for as long as it takes for her to get the not so subtle hint.
I might have to go back and add an edit. It's four days later and I think I might be feeling a few side effects. Noticed as the day wore on I started to wear out. It's time to head to bed for me. I feel sore all over, in my neck, in my arms &amp; legs--you know the sort of ache you start to feel before you get sick? That *uh oh, I think I'm coming down with something* feeling. If this is as bad as it gets, it's still a low price to pay for baby cuddles!
See, that's the thing that surprised me the most--no sore arm at the injection site. It actually took me three or four hours of feeling achy this afternoon before it dawned on me what it was probably from. Some days the blonde goes all the way to the brain.
You don't have to block her, but you *can* put her on the Restricted List which will keep her from seeing many of your fun outing posts. It's a way to cut down on the drama. She won't realize it unless someone mentions something about the fun things you posted to FB.
&gt;"You can't leave me if I'm in a hospital bed, what kind of daughter would that make you?!?" This is when OP replies, "The kind of daughter who had a horrible mother and who has decided she's had enough. The kind of woman who has chosen to no longer be your daughter."
It might be wise to write a very emphatic letter to HR stating in no uncertain terms shall ANY information or communications pertaining to your DH be given to ANYONE without his foreknowledge or permission. "...This is includes *mother's name* or any other family members who claim to be representing me, with the exception of my wife, u/pumpkin-piepie. Unfortunately without my express permission, previous distribution of my employment information was made to a family member who is also employed by this company. This highly unusual disclosure of private information resulted in continued harassment from said member, a failure to properly relay the information in a timely manner to ME, the employee, as well as my mistaken termination of my employment as a result of this person choosing NOT to relay information as requested by employer. This letter is to request *Company Name* cease further disclosure of any and all information to anyone except to me directly. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation in this matter..."
We are as different as night and day in so many things. She's much more straight-laced, regimented, OCD proper about certain things compared to my boho, let my hair down, if-you-got-it-rock-it-because-life's-unpredictable attitude, but our twisted sense of humor travels down the same path. She's pretty great like that.
You can continue to refuse the last minute invites with "MiL, let's you &amp; I get something straight. I realize you don't like me and probably never will. I get it. It's not a deal-breaker. You don't have to like me, just as I don't have to put up with your dismissive attitude towards me. Now that we have *that* out of the way, I will tell you these last minute invitations to events, events which have been in the works for days &amp; days, and sometime weeks, will rarely be accepted. They come across as quite rude. It's rather sad to watch you treat DH &amp; his family as an after-thought. As an *oh, yeah, I guess I should invite my son &amp; BeetFarmLover to the holiday dinner, too.* If you want to permanently alienate your son from your life, keep treating both of us as second class people, as children of a lesser god. I guarantee that one day he will decide all on his own, without any prompting by me, that he will never be treated as well as you treat his brother. He'll realize you refuse to give his wife &amp; marriage as much respect as you do to BiL's marriage. Whether YOU realize it or not, you DO show favoritism with one brother over the other. It's so obvious that friends &amp; family members comment on it. It puts you in a bad light, BTW. I've tried to defend you in the past, but that stops today because I've run out of excuses for your behavior. Your actions are entirely your own. The consequences of your actions will be entirely on you as well. I just want you to realize where you stand with me &amp; with DH. We're done pretending that it's all good."
REALLY depends on how far south you are in Texas. The best growing region is 11. Region 9B is about as far north as you can go and it means you have to baby the trees through every frost. Your crop will be iffy. Temps lower than 26 usually put an end to the tree. Growing Region 10 is getting closer to prime growing area--think Miami's lat-long. My in-laws live in Miami and have an ENORMOUS mango tree.
I was thinking the same thing. Granted, he's enabled his wife for years, but one has to wonder what kind of damage *he* already had when he got married to that bag of narcissistic cluelessness. HE needs therapy as much as his wife. I feel sorry for the enablers. I feel sorry they don't have a strong inner foundation of confidence/courage/caring--whatever it is they're lacking, to say "hey, your behavior is WRONG, and it needs to stop NOW!"
BULLY!
Ahh, an AWK-tress type? So *literally* a Drama Queen? ;) http://www.weirdwildrealm.com/filmimages/fooltherewas1922.jpg
&gt;"I'm THE bitch from hell" "Gosh! It must feel awful to admit that aloud. I'm so sorry to hear you say this. Perhaps you might consider talking to someone about these emotional issues. It can't be healthy for you to constantly feel shrewish &amp; ugly towards people. I'd hate to have the boys see it. Goodness knows, you'll eventually drive everyone away with that attitude and that would be sad, wouldn't it? I mean, after all, NO ONE likes a bitch, do they?" Concern troll the hell out of this "I'm Barbie BadAss."
*Groan Crawford, Queen of the Shitters* sounds like a great name!
Have him tell his mum he is going to sell his sperm and blood plasma monthly and it will more than cover the cost of whatever outrageous expense she is worried about. That should spin her right into the overhead!
For future mother tongue nonsense of hers, perhaps you can learn a Russian phrase akin to "you're being rude" when she attempts to cut you our of the conversation. I googled around, and while "You are being rude" doesn't directly translate, they are other phrase to communicate her behavior is boorish. r/Russian might be able to help.
"You are absolutely correct! It *is* our decision how we schedule our time. Remember, we feel not everyone must be blood related to be considered part of a family. In fact, some of the closest, dearest people to us are friends. We consider them to be the family of our heart, the family WE have chosen. So, yes, scheduling time for ALL our family is important to us. Other family members having difficulty understanding this will not alter how we schedule our free time."
"The picture IS the card. And gift."
Pacifier in the mouth to clean it? Hard no. (By the time the twins rolled into our lives, we just usually picked the dog hairs off if it and handed it back.) Ask her if she's ever seen a child who has had her life ruined by contracting herpes. Pull up your browser on her phone and google "infants herpes images." Show her the photos and tell her these children contracted herpes from kisses, or dirty fingers being placed into their mouth, or people with herpes putting the baby's fingers in their mouths. They infected a helpless baby with their stupidity. " To Saliva Selena: "If you have EVER had a single cold sore in your mouth, or on your lips, EVER in your life, you ARE a carrier of herpes simplex. As a responsible adult, you MUST NEVER kiss a baby, pass saliva in any way with a baby, or even allow the baby to drink from your cup once she gets a bit older. Never. We are only going to tell you this one time. Do not do anything that involves your mouth or (putting your fingers in anyone's mouth for that matter) and our child. You will lose access to our child if you do not follow this hard &amp; fast rule."
u/ablino_rhino, DH needs to really be sat down for a "come to Jesus" chat of his own. Bless his heart for thinking that you needed a bit of "me time," but dammit, he's not thinking things through. Scary Poppins has to see REAL consequences of her behavior. You wouldn't reinforce a toddler's misbehavior, so why does he is he rewarding his mother's, especially after your most unproductive recent talk with her?
None of us want people to be angry at them. It's human nature. His mom is like a toddler. Everyone gives in to her for whatever reasons. Unfortunately, what they've done is encouraged entitled brat, it's-all-about-ME behavior. Whether DH wants to or not, it's best for YOUR family that he puts on his Daddy Trousers to help you modify his mom's offensive behavior. Sadly, DH is going to have to act like a father, and parent his mom. She's been allowed to run roughshod over too many people for far too long because everyone is afraid of her. Yeah--they are all AFRAID of this obnoxious woman. That needs to stop. DH, who is a father to his own, must stop being afraid of his mother. He needs to be reminded his job as a father is to love and protect his own offspring. Time to step up to that job, Bossman. Frankly, it doesn't sound like FiL is up to bringing Scary Poppins back to the real world of personal boundaries &amp; limits, but you might find that if your DH armors up over a steely spine, FiL might actually become a behind the scenes supporter. To DH: so WHAT if people get angry at you. What would you do if your child threw a hissy because you took away the sparkly shards of broken crystal found on the ground? Are you going to give it back so child isn't angry? Hell, no. This is your life, your best loves, your little family, YOUR WHOLE UNIVERSE that you are allowing SOMEONE ELSE to rule over because *oh, I don't want to make her angry.* What is more important to you? Keeping an overly emotional adult bully from getting her knickers in a twist, or doing what is best &amp; right for that little family of yours who love you more than words can describe?
I think I would've busted out the "Are you outta your damned mind???! Don't EVER do that again with ANY newborn! Do you have ANY idea what a foolhardy and potentially tragic thing you've just done?!" But then, I tend to lop off heads more quickly than most polite people, so next time it happens, you might want to be slightly more tactful. I probably should work a bit on my approach.
&gt;What is coming? I'm sure she means civil unrest, rioting in the streets, pillaging of supermarkets and Best Buys. You know, the basic stuff where one group of irritated people throws a big ol' tantrum against another group of people because neither is willing to stop the name-calling, parsing of the truth, &amp; mud-slinging on EITHER side. The LAST place I'd want to be would be in DC! Hell, the place goes nuts when they're told it's going to snow. MILK! BREAD! TOILET PAPER! BEER!
My Dad has always been one of those common sense/useful gift givers. For example, when I was 12, he gave me these really pretty flowered sheets for my bed. For my birthday. Sheets were something I could actually use (and flowered because I'm a girl?). Once I got married, I began to see the practical sense of it all and now always appreciate the tools, gadgets, books, etc. For Christmas 3 years ago, my father sent us a rather large case of prepper-style freeze dried meals, plus a smaller case of extra vegetables. Said it was good to keep on hand one way or the other--you know, hurricanes, or insurrections. "Never hurts to be prepared." He's also been one to suggest we keep cash on hand tucked away in our safe because if the power grid ever does go down, nothing is going to work, including the ATMs, or debit/credit card machines at the cash registers. It's enough to make us go *Hmmmm. He actually does have a point about that.*
May your fairy tale come true, and you live happily ever after.
"Aaaand what's your point? Of COURSE he's somebody's son! Even Jesus had to have a mother. EVERYONE is somebody's child at one point. Then they grow up to become adults with their own lives to live as they best see fit. That's the way of the world."
I suppose it's to vulgar to say "I let him stick his dick in me. Repeatedly. And hard. I win."
Yeah! "Sorry, MiL. It was a *Family Day.* The next time we do something suitable for Grandmoms, too, we'll make sure to invite you."
&gt;MILentless: So am I going to see you soon?? SO: Doubtful. MILentless: whinewhineWHINEwhine SO: I see. Yeah, well, things don't always work out the way we want, so no. Gotta go. Work is calling on the other line.
"MiL, from now on *you* should assume our busy lives book up quickly in spectacular fashion. Please be aware we will not be able to make any event without *several* days notice. There will be no more bending over backwards or throwing our lives into an uproar to make a last minute activity."
AMAZON!
I use a price watcher for items sold on Amazon called camelcamelcamel.com to keep tabs on thing on my wish list. All the bras I want (but am in no hurry to purchase) go on my wish list. Camelcamelcamel imports the list, asks me to set a desired price, and asks for an email address. When an item hits my desired price, I get an email alert and I snap up a bargain. Trying to find a beautiful 30 or 32G bra at a reasonable price that doesn't look like some gross granny bra used to be impossible. Now I've amassed a collection of gorgeous, high quality, beautiful bras, and saved money while doing it. Best of all, Amazon has a fabulous return/exchange policy.
It's great if you can make the arrangements. Unfortunately, there are some schools that are "all full up." A dear friend of mine recently had her husband die unexpectedly. He hated organized religion, abhorred funerals, but never made plans for the great "what if." Given his health issues, she thought donating his body to an in state medical school was a great idea. Evidently, so do hundreds of other people who live in her retirement state (damned senior citizens!). NONE of the schools are accepting cadavers. She could have donated his body out of state, but would have been responsible for the costs of body transport. She was definitely NOT in a financial position to do that. It was such a waste, especially considering he was a relatively younger man, but had all the classic "diseases" that are slowly killing our population: obesity, alcoholism, tobacco addiction. A perfect candidate to study how these three things take a toll on the human body. A simple cremation, without anything other than the cardboard box they require the body to be burned in, some county/state paperwork, transport of the body from the ME's office to the funeral home for cremation, and a small death notice in the local paper cost her almost $1,600.
Steel Beach Picnic? Only thing missing are the inflatable pools and lawn chairs.
u/PinkGreyGirl, You've left us all hanging, and confused! Why was your niece removed from the wading pool??? How/why did she grey rock Bratface?
"Darling, since being on her own for awhile your mom is used to getting her way in all things, so I can understand being told *not* to do something without permission came as a bit of a shock to her system. Hopefully, she will realize her unwelcome behavior with another woman's child must curtailed. Our son is not a toy to snatch out of my arms without permission like a kid on the playground, or play keep away from others who would like to interact with him as she did at the birthday party. Behavior like this is unacceptable. Yes, she is going to have a rough time accepting she is not Queen Bee in this family. Past behavior has already shown she is going to walk right up to the boundaries we put in place and toe that line. For example, I asked her to please not give son a gift with multiple pieces--in fact, I even sent her an example of the sort of toy NOT to buy that happened to have 24 pieces. She purchased a toy with TWENTY pieces instead and gave the excuse that it ONLY had 20 pieces, not 24. Sweetie, what she did is called *malicious compliance.* I would NOT tolerate behavior like from a friend, and I am certainly not going to accept it from an adult who should know better. She is NOT a stupid woman. We ARE in for rough times ahead with your mom because she will continue to push back anywhere she feels her behavior is being corralled. You and I are a team. When she disregards a request, a boundary we lay down, she is disrespecting our choices as parents &amp; as adults. Neither of us should have to tolerate such flagrant behavior. She is your mother, but you are my husband &amp; this is OUR child. In the future, I expect for you to remind her in whatever way you need to for her to understand this. If you feel you aren't up to doing this, then I will be forced to, and there WILL be whining on her part and a gnashing of Mama Bear teeth on mine."
I think that is actually a shift dress with a blouse overlay, and not a skirt/top outfit.
I was looking for that dimple of hers. She may have fallen ass-first into a doughnut display case once or twice, but I'd say her luck is anything but BAD.
About a subtle as a piano falling on the head, wasn't she? Funny thing is, there's a part of me that feels it never occurred to her there was someone missing from the photos. "Awwww, it's lovely, MiL. Darned shame it wasn't a family album. You know, an album of our FAMILY: Husband, Wife, Little Ones...all the typical people one sees in a Family album."
But her curdled milk is not the milk of human kindness. THAT milk is something with which she is completely unfamiliar.
These are all heartbreaking stories. Much love from an internet stranger to you all.
The number three is Demonic? I guess somebody better let the "Man Upstairs" know he needs re-tool that whole Holy Trinity, Father, Son, &amp; The Holy Ghost thing to prevent more people like your good Christian In-Laws from getting totally FUBARed beyond all scope of comprehension. (Although, I will say there were times I swore my twins were devil spawn. I can't imagine three babies/toddlers!)
Niacin is B3 to be exact. It has been used in conjunction with cholesterol lowering medications, as well as other cardiac related meds. Also used with limited success for depression, moderate arthritis, and with chemotherapy. Sometimes it causes a flushing/blushing of the skin, especially in the face &amp; ears. My Dad used to flush something awful when he was on it.
I know!! It was one of the more memorable fuses that lit off a powder keg explosion I had with my mother. She never took too kindly to the spine I eventually uncovered.
That was my question to my mother. "It won't be mushy. Your father &amp; I don't like al dente pasta,"-- I can remember how she Giada De Laurentiis'd the pronunciation. Funny what stays in our heads when emotions are involved. I cooked two separate batches of pasta that night because I refused to serve mush to my family. Don't think she actually ate anything that night other than the olives in her huge tumbler of a martini since she eventually stormed off to her room for the night after trying to verbally eviscerate me for a few hours.
One of my kids bought a microwave pasta cooker that I think works under the premise of adding the pasta to hot water and waiting. I think we still have that piece of junk somewhere.
Before I left the cabin, I bought the biggest head of cauliflower I have ever seen in my life. I didn't realize he already had one whole smaller head and a half squirreled away in the back of the fridge. Maybe I'll make a "mac" and cheese casserole while I'm there. It's a magic fridge that keeps produce for practically forever.
My DH says she has a mouth full of teeth--like a shark. Most of her recipes are very easy to follow, and of all the shows on the Food Network, her show really isn't that bad at all.
I'm pretty sure it was no more than 4 minutes. It really was ultra fine pasta.
It's a French door/bottom freezer unit. I think the magic comes from the fact that he's on his own these days and the dog has yet to figure out how to open the doors to get at all the wonderful cheesey cheese. Stuff stays colder longer. He's a "snowbird." When I make my first visit of the season, I usually go through his refrigerator and throw out the mayo that was opened the September of the prior year, and double check on the hard cheeses or unopened salamis, etc. Some things are ok to sit around for a few months like mustards. Other things really ought to be dumped, like those pickled eggs you made last summer, DAD!
I have no fear of the good fat. It's the wheat flour &amp; the sugar that hijacks my weight control efforts. I'm a confirmed low carb/keto for life member. Keeping the diabetes away one mouthful at a time!
WHAT a huge decision to uproot and move far from what you've considered to be home! Hurray for your DH seeing what's best for his family and for the united front!
My husband referred to this as "tag teaming"--they also did "tag team sleeping." I was a zombie for the first several months.
The dates on dry/canned goods are "suggestions only." ;) He's made it to almost 80, so I guess I can't really worry too much.
*Coming to find you* sounds a helluva lot like stalkerish behavior. Guess he's going to have to get a bit forceful to tell his mom the only thing *she* needs to know about your holiday plans is they do NOT involve her and she'll hear from you guys AFTER your return. See what I did there--let her think you ARE going somewhere, and no, no one is being told because it's a surprise.
Living that way for almost 20 years. Found an incredible way to make lasagna "noodles" without resorting to using vegetables and am thinking I might be able to use the recipe for making a manicotti/cannelloni sort of dinner. It's definitely a splurge-type meal, but no wheat to jack up my insides. ( https://www.dietdoctor.com/recipes/keto-lasagna )
&gt;She only remembers I exist when she's telling family that might visit with a dog that I can watch them for free. Even then, it's "(boyfriend) and his girlfriend have a dog sitting business, they can watch the dog while we're at the beach." When they contact you, say "She said I'd sit for free? Hmmm. She knows better than that. Actually, my dog sitting business is how I make my living &amp; support myself right now. I'd be happy to give you my web address or tell where to download the app. It has all the services I provide as well as my fees." Editing to add: No more not making eye contact!!! That is playing into her hands. You should try very hard to catch her eye. Assert dominance. You are going to be the alpha bitch from now on. Dare her to ignore you. You don't have to say a word, but a good stare down, an evil eyebrow raised in awareness of the shit pot she is attempting to stir will be enough to rustle her jimmies and perhaps throw her off her game of a bit.
Not a fan of the egg in its many forms unless its heavily disguised. VERY heavily, like in baked goods. ;) (Good lord, the sulphur farts l must come from Hell itself!)
So far, no death poops or extended stays in the bathroom, but I limit myself to only one serving a day. I do use a ricotta/sour cream combo when I make the recipe and I double the meat by using Italian sausage. I bump up the tomato sauce a bit as well as adding extra mozzarella, too. Like I said, it's a splurge sort of meal, but by doubling up on the meat, I can stretch what is supposed to be only 6 servings into 12. I roll the noodle stuff quite thin and I end up with a 10"x12" pan of lasagna. I have to grab and freeze the leftovers, or it disappears in the middle of the night. Danged kids!
:) Damn! I shoulda burned more dinners if it meant reservations somewhere! I used to think that "handle me at my worst" thing was so clever &amp; funny until it dawned on me. If someone had to "handle me at my worst," I probably needed my head removed from ass, pronto. And if I STILL continued to suffer from cranio-rectal inversion after intervention, I should expect them to walk out of my life forever.
Aw, all those potential sunburns looking for a place to happen, &amp; that sugar white sand reminds me of Pensacola. Edit--if that's not sand, it's the whitest concrete/cement I've ever seen.
I'm a fan of tiny pickled green cherry tomatoes, pickled asparagus, &amp; pickled green beans ("garlic dilly beans"). My husband shudders at my taste buds.
Play foolish games, Mildred, and you'll come out looking like a fool. I guess she got played right back.
I don't have it in front of me, but might it be an old novel called *Men of Iron,* by Howard Pyle? A young man named Myles Falworth seeks not only to become a knight, but to eventually redeem his father's honor. Myles had a best friend named Francis Gascoyne. From what I remember, it was almost a primer on what it took to be a knight. It's tucked away on one of my shelves, but I remember reading it about the same time I read *The Secret Garden.* Both books belonged to my grandmother and were probably at least 60 years old before I ever got my hands on either of them. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Men_of_Iron )
I have a book called *Miss Hickory* by Carolyn Sherwin Bailey. She was a doll made from a forked twig from an apple tree and a hickory nut for her head. I think she came to life and survived the winter. This is the cover: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/5/56/Miss_Hickory.jpg
Sounds faintly like a story from *The World's Best Fairy Tales: a Reader's Digest Anthology* I had as a child. It was published back in the 60's and is over 800 pages! The Green Fairy Book also had they story. It just might be a Brothers Grimm fairy tale. I've found the same basic tale here: http://www.sacred-texts.com/neu/lfb/gn/gnfb28.htm
I was JUST thinking about "Belles On Their Toes" yesterday! I adored reading how the kids pulled together after their father died, especially the older sisters. I read both books right about the same time I was going through all the Clarence Day *Life With Father/Life With Mother/Father &amp; I* books. I was a child with odd, old fashioned tastes in books.
Usually just one egg. I should try adding two the next time! I also add freshly grated Parmesan cheese to the ricotta mixture. I layer: noodle, ricotta mix, grated mozzarella, meat sauce, noodle. My meat mixture has a lot of Italian herbs, and I don't skimp on the fresh garlic or olive oil. My family can be pretty critical, but this lower carb/keto-ish modified version they INHALE!
When I switched to LC/Paleo/Keto (I go in cycles but always keep my dairy) I had to REALLY learn to cook the old fashioned way. I can see how it's intimidating to her. I started out grilling a LOT of meals and then began adapting classic out-of-the-box recipes. Keep reminding mom that vegetables HAVE CARBS! The good carbs! Fruit has carbs! All you are doing is eating a balance of them so you don't get the glucose spikes and you're eating a fresher, less processed version of food. She can do it and her cooking WILL taste better because it's fresher! Nom Nom Paleo is a cool site for her to skim through if she's internet savvy. Michelle's Smashed Steak Satays with the cherry BBQ Sauce is delicious. I use reconstituted dried cherries instead of the frozen, but it's still fantastic. http://nomnompaleo.com/post/44473388426/smashed-steak-skewers-with-cherry-barbecue-sauce
You're brilliant!
Having found out I've dodged that bullet, that's not even funny. She's a Marion Munchausen! Or Baroness Muchausen because she's a *royal* pain in the ass.
It won't work against you if you're up front from the very start to say that neither of you are equipped to take care of a dementia patient. "Golly gee! She's already showing repeated signs of forgetfulness. It's tragic in someone so young. You know, when it starts so early, it tends to get very bad, very fast!" ;) For her own safety, she'll have to move to a full time care facility when the time comes, "but one with a liberal visiting policy, of course!"
And save a few to keep in her handbag for when she visits. She can leave them lying around in obvious places.
Time to pull out the ol' "well, bless your hearts. You do like to go on &amp; on about saying 'goodbye,' don't you?" "Oh, hon. Don't worry about it. Every family has their own little ways of doing things. Eventually, I'm sure I'll adjust to your little oddities. Why, they're just so...quaint." "Ah, you were worried about offending me? That's so sweet of you to be concerned. I usually just ignore it. Not everyone has the wherewithal to realize when they've been stepping on their own dicks. I just chalk it up to their social ineptitude. It happens."
OR "I would've thought you were raised better than this. Damned shame." With the added head shake. It adds a whole extra layer of smack talk because you just called out her mom's lack of parenting skills, too.
I used Kelo-Cote. It was expensive when it first came out, but you only need a little bit to cover the area. If you use too much, it used to take forever to dry. Amazon had the best prices for it when I was last in the market for it.
That stuff is a miracle in a jar! I accidentally set my parents' kitchen on fire a month before I got married. I got severely burned on the back of a few of my fingers--huge blisters. We had a jar in the refrigerator from my sister burning herself earlier in the year. Not only was the silvadene soothing, I think it played a major role in no scarring. The burns can be seen in my wedding photos and were still pink enough for me to decide not to have photos of our hands wearing our wedding rings, but at the end of three years, one would have to look really hard to see where I had been burned.
You have to admit some of the Grimm Brothers' collection of tales are a bit horrifying. This was one of the stories that weirded me out as a kid. Glad to help!
I've mastered the "Get the hell out of my way" look. Being quite tall helps tremendously, and the crowds part like the Red Sea. I may also be that mean adult who uses her lifeguard voice to tell rampaging kids "WALK!" and "Go find your parent and stay there. This is a store, not a darned playground." I also shop at an Armed Forces Commissary. God bless those ancient retired couples who shop together at a snail's pace, side by side walking next to their cart rather than behind it with absolutely no situational awareness. No idea anyone else is trying to shop, or even in the store for that matter. Part of me thinks "Aw, they're so sweet (but slooooow)," and the other, evil half thinks "Put me on an ice flow if I'm ever that clueless, and by all that is holy, don't let me drive!"
You know it's bad when you have to hide your "stash" of whatever in the vegetable drawer behind the cauliflower and broccoli.
Is your friend a Terry Pratchett fan by any chance?
Damn that woman. Damn that woman for being jealous of her own daughter. Bippy, you are beautiful, inside &amp; out (I've seen your videos!). You ARE powerful, more powerful than I honestly think you realize. You've been through hell and come out on the other side. Yes, you have battle scars, but you've survived and you recognize the damage. You are a warrior. Fate whispers to the warrior, "You can't withstand the storm." The warrior whispers back, "I AM the storm." You ARE the storm. Remember that.
Use her own belief on her. Make an anonymous twitter account: "Leave &amp; cleave." "He IS home." "Therefore a man shall leave his father &amp; his mother &amp; hold fast to his wife, &amp; the two shall become one flesh"
HD? You poor thing. Hang in there. Fingers crossed for it to start easing up on you very, very soon. Has your OB/GYN has pointed you towards www.hyperemesis.org/ ?(I wish they had been around during my pregnancies.) They have support groups &amp; forums, along with helpful information for you, your DH, and your families. If you are up to it, there are research surveys you can take, as well as participate in research studies.
Menopause can severely jack up a woman's sleep patterns, to the point of not getting proper REM sleep, or achieving a deep restful sleep. It also plays hell with emotional responses. Depression, or short tempered bitchiness are a few of the side effects. Seriously, the change in hormones can make one feel like it's "All Aboard the train for Crazy Town!" I started an early menopause. Went from not waking up at night, to waking every three hours, to every 90 minutes, and finally every 45 freaking minutes. Full, wide awake. Couldn't figure out what was going on. I was waking up hot, but never sweating. It just felt like I was baking. I radiated heat. Not sleeping played hell with my day to day activities and over all moods. It was awful. Had my first honest-to-goodness hot flash and immediately made a doctors appointment. Tried topical, compounded hormone replacement therapy for a few years. That stopped the hot flashes, but did zilch for sleep. Switched over to sub-dermal HRT pellets with a lovely extra dose of testosterone and am now back to sleeping at a lovely 5 hour stretch and I feel emotionally, mentally, and physically back to normal. It could be her hormones, coupled with some real mental health issues.
Oooh! Thanks for the heads up!!!!
Awww, we aren't THAT bad, are we? Not quite a Colonel's wife (Fly Navy!), but I have always done MASSIVE shop because unless you live on base, who wants to drive to the commissary every week? Especially near a Pay Day. OY! Commissioned or Non-Comm, shopping at the commissary is one of the best benefits Uncle Sam decided to give the troops.
RENTING a car plus all the drive time/fuel would pretty much erase any savings. Not strong on the logic, is she? Way back in the day when I was a wee lass my father was doing a tour as a Navy ROTC instructor at a major university. My mom would drive well over 90 minutes to the closest Army base commissary for darned near everything. I can remember her coming back with a case of milk in cartons to put in the freezer, as well as all sorts of non-perishables, canned goods, boxes of cereal, etc., and a cooler full of meat &amp; chicken also bound for the freezer. Three young kids put a strain on the budget, so it was worth the drive for her. When we were stationed in the DC metro area, until we moved on base, the commissary it was almost a 5 hour evolution between traffic, shopping, check out (slow-ass cashiers), and the drive home. Living on base, it was still a 2+ hour adventure.
Yep. My husband did over 30 years Active Duty. Having decent insurance is a godsend and thank goodness Tricare is still offered. You get your choice of Standard or Prime. Standard allows you to see anyone on the outside who takes it. Prime corrals you into seeing mostly on base/on post providers. Care can be hit or miss. Like, you don't tell a woman who has discovered a lump in her breast "we're going to wait three or four months &amp; just watch it before we take a biopsy." Aw, hell naw! I have a few special snowflake issues, so we opted for standard in order to pick a competent care provider on the outside. Tricare for Life kicks in around the same time medicare does. Not quite as many perks from what I understand.
Make a sign &amp; tape it over your belly. "Unwanted touching of my belly WILL result in severe pain for the offender. **NO EXCEPTIONS!** (This includes you, MiL.)"
Or grab her breast. When she acts shocked, simply say "Oh, I'm sorry. You mean we're **not** doing intrusive touching of others? My mistake." Or very softly while up in their face say "Remove your hand immediately, or I will smack the ever-lovin' shit out of you. How dare you be so rude? Never touch me again without my permission."
You just have to make sure no one else hears you threatening to knock the stuffing out of the toucher, and to say it with Death in your eyes, but a smile on your lips.
Damn, Woman. I like the way you roll.
Try Amazon for the Freya Women's Active Underwire Molded Sports Bra. Lots of very small band/very large cup combos (up to KK, I think). I picked mine up for around last year $30. (Camelcamelcamel.com helps me track prices on stuff I see on Amazon). Price depends on the size &amp; color. One of mine is a hideous combo of colors, but I don't fashion exercise, so I don't care about colors that much. Very little bounce when I run, no chafing, and no dreaded uniboob!
Just tell her "That's quite all right if you disagree. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, just as FH &amp; I are entitled to plan *our* wedding as we chose to plan it. We certainly won't force you to attend a function you find the planning of to be too abhorrent for your tastes. I'm sure you will be missed. If asked, we won't lie about your absence, &amp; will make sure our guests understand it was because of your objections to our wedding plans. Now, let's not speak any more about the wedding since you've made up your mind not to come."
LOL! Good luck on that! I can remember feeling like I was carrying boulders while I was nursing. I used to walk into my kitchen and rest my boobs on top of this enormous countertop microwave and just go "ahhhh." Come to think of it, I used to rest my belly on the counter when I was about to pop with the twins. I would've given anything to have lived where I could've dug a hole in the sand for my belly just so I could lie down and ease the weight off my hips. Freya has been one of my go-to brands. I'm fond of the lacy Panache and Simone Perele bras, but whoa, they are pricey.
"And run the risk of having children like YOU, MiL? Aw, hell no!! rip that sucker out!"
Go, Mom-O!!!!
I'm pretty sure I read about one of our glorious ladies here grabbing a stranger back (maybe in the crotch or breast) after she had her belly rubbed while she was in a grocery store check out line.
That must have felt embarrassingly wonderful!
Serving that same quiche over &amp; over again sounds very much like the same thing Joan Crawford did to her daughter Christina in the movie *Mommy Dearest*, except that it was extremely rare meat served three meals in a row.
Do you pay rent? If so, then you damned well CAN ask her to go home any time you feel the need. "It's been lovely to spend so much time with you this evening, but we have an early day and visiting with you waaaay past our bedtime is going to make for a difficult day for us tomorrow. Heck! Tomorrow is already here!!! Thank you so much for stopping by, but we have to get to bed NOW. Here, let me help you with your things. Is there anything else other than your pocket book and coat? No? Ok, great. FDH, be a good soul and get the door for your mother. We really need to get to bed. FMiL, we will make plans to see you again very soon."
Definitely a pure power play on her part. People like that deserve to be alone. Forever.
Or with a big smile, say something like "I see you're still working hard at keeping that rudeness/catty/superbitch muscle well toned. Way to go, MiL. You're in peak form. Well, gotta jet. Rock on with yo' bad self." You have to toss this off super casually and be able to roll out pretty quickly in order not to give her time for a catty come back. Think of it as a drive-by bitch slap.
Calendar. She needs to have a calendar with all the dates and times written out before her nasty little myopic eyes, with total hours of time spent with DD written at the bottom of each month. "You've spent 117 hours (or whatever amount it has been) with DD in the last three weeks alone. How dare you whine &amp; complain you spend no time with her. You're actually seeing her more than any other family member. So, if you want to talk about fairness, we *could* cut back the hours you spend with her to be in line with the time that *my* family gets to spend with DD. What do you say about that idea?"
Put Upon Polly? Greedy Grandma? BabyBogarting Brenda? Schedule Hog Hannah? Showtime Sharon?
&gt; Dramatic Debbie There are quite a few Debbies, but I don't think there's a Dramatic Debbie. You might try a more unique *D* name like Daphne, Daniella, or Desdemona (of the Devil).
You guys, u/madpiratebippy is right. u/DILofCandyClaws needs our HELP. Yes, it's obvious she has to go Mama Bear on her MiL, but she can't do this right out of the box, especially if she has grown up in an atmosphere of adults always being right, or where she hasn't learned to assert herself in social situations. It's not easy to speak your mind when your whole life has been trying not to "rock the boat." Our suggestions will be more helpful if we can show her how to start out slowly to uncover that backbone of hers. Baby steps. DILofCandyClaws, you are going to have to remember you are an adult woman. You are married. You are a mother who would live and die for her child. You must try to realize CandyClaws has no power over you, or your child. No, truly she doesn't. She may *think* she does, but only because YOU (&amp; your husband) are allowing her behavior. Stop being afraid. She cannot send you to your room. She can't ground you from watching television or from your cell phone. She's not the boss of you. She's NOT. Tamping down your fear of this silly beast of a woman is the first step. So WHAT if she gets pissy? Truly, other than caterwaul, bitch, moan and complain, what can she TRULY do to you? If you don't want to do what she wants to do, trying saying "No." Or "No. Thanks, but no." You don't have to give an explanation to her. In fact, STOP explaining yourself other than saying "Because I said so/I don't need to explain myself to anyone/I'm the mommy and I said *no*." Need to move daughter next to you? Do so. MiL:*HuffyPuffyComplain*Whhhyyyyyyyy? You: It's best this way. MiL: But*whinewhinewhine* You: You've been told before. I'm no longer repeating myself. My baby. My rules. YOU are in charge of your own life. It's up to you to realize how much control you have allowed her to take in your life. You HAVE to learn to assert yourself, especially when it comes to your child. Don't allow your child to see her mother treated like a doormat by her overbearing grandmother. You deserve to live your life and raise your child by your own rules. If you don't like what you see, you don't have to say anything, but you MUST do what YOU feel is best for your child. Don't want child being handled by so many people, go take her away from them. A simple "Ok, that's enough of the pass the baby game. It's quiet time." You CAN do this. People here can help.
Try the Mini-Cog Test. She doesn't have to go anywhere to do it. http://www.alzheimersreadingroom.com/2009/03/mini-cog-test-for-alzheimers-and.html. It's the basic "draw a clock face with the numbers and the hands" test.
WINNER! NOW I know where I can hide my sugar free dark chocolate from my husband!!! THAT is the one place I never thought about.
You ought to let GMiL read *The Stinky Cheese Man* and *The True Story of the Three Little Pigs* to DD. I'm sure she'll clutch her pearls in horror. They might be a bit advanced for DD age-wise, but you never know. My three loved both books. Goodness knows where they all got their twisted sense of humor. ;)
LLAMA SOCKS! https://www.modcloth.com/shop/back-by-demand/dapper-duo-socks/10059547.html?cgid=back_by_demand_511&amp;dwvar_10059547_color=PRP# Discounts are available if you sign up for their emails.
A lot of people also can their own vegetables when they're in season. It's one way to save some money, plus enjoy things when they're out of season.
*"This book appears to be designed to attack the beliefs of young minds through shock and mental trauma. It features: A man getting brained by a club and bleeding out over the ground; implied gay rape; nude bodies floating in the ocean, skeletons hidden from cursory view of parental readers but visible to the closer observation of children. A cross on a spider's abdomen suggests an occult agenda rather than the professed atheism of the author. The book does have some artistic merit. For Christians; avoid this book at least before age 18 years old. I would not on moral grounds support a company that produces such material; at least with declaring their intention of a mental war on children."* Oh, dear. The Amazon reviewers either like it or they really don't. Can't imagine why. ;)
They go through the dishwasher and come out looking like new, so why not wash and reuse once in awhile?
We're a dopey family. :) We go through stacks of paper plates, but we recycle glass &amp; metal stuff. And occasionally, when we buy the plastic cups, run them through the dishwasher. Someone could make an absolute killing selling Red Solo cups to the rest of the world. Evidently throwing "American" parties is a thing and people pay through the nose for these silly plastic cups!
Yep. Same goes for the hard plastic plates, but you're tempting fate if you use the dry cycle. I guess seeing my grandparents be so careful about reusing things like Cool Whip, plastic butter containers, or aluminum pie plates when I was little sorta rubbed off on me. They lived through the Great Depression when they were in their late twenties, so economizing was important to them. At least I don't feel so guilty when I eventually throw the cups or plates out because I'm being lazy since I got several uses out of them.
And you would about right! The pasta held its shape, but was mushy.
It took me coming to JustNoMiL to realize I was the scapegoat of the family. I always knew I definitely wasn't the favorite--that was my younger brother, but here, I got to label it and realize it wasn't ALL my fault. I wasn't the bad daughter who always fought with her mom. I admit feeling relief and freedom once my mother died. She was an unpleasant, alcoholic, controlling woman who lived with improperly controlled pain for the last 25 years of her life. The pain pills she was prescribed combined with the booze made for one nasty personality. One that family said "well, that's what she's become. Perhaps if we staged an intervention..." But neither my dad nor my brother were willing to put up with an ensuing shit storm my younger sister &amp; I felt was worth going through to get our "old mom" back. I've danced around the subject with my dad since her death. He allowed my mother to become an absolute bitch to live with by almost never calling her out on it. Never pushing hard enough her to get help. For him it was easier not to. He'd just wander off to go hunting or manage to busy himself with projects around the house. He didn't want to divorce her because divorce costs money. He readily admits life is a helluva lot easier with her gone. It infinitely is and that is what makes me feel guilty. But damn, I do miss the mom I grew up with. The one I tell my kids they would've liked had they met her in time. The fun one. The nice one. That's the one I try to remember.
&gt;If that many people have the same issues with the same person, they are not the problem the individual is. This is the single thing that kept me from truly thinking I wasn't the only bitch in the situation. For the most part, I was the only one who consistently said "nope." My god, if you dared to have a differing opinion on something important to her, woe to thee. It was perceived as a personal affront. One of my distinct later memories I have is my DH trying to program her VCR for her. He was "doing it wrong" according to her. He finally turned around to her and said "MiL, the Navy trusts me to fly jets full of electronic equipment worth millions of dollars. I think I can handle programming a god damned VCR!" CBF and huffs for miles. My brother "handled her." He once told me he made sure to call her once a week just to say 'hey." Agreed with her points of view--basically "I sucked up to her, so yeah, she likes me best." Brother has always been the GC especially with financial help from my parents, and still is with my Dad. In fairness, I have very rarely asked my father for financial assistance over the years, but I know if if my need was a sound one, he would help if asked.
I'm going to suggest you google emergency vets within the immediate vicinity of OB. Unless she lives in a really big city, I can't imagine there would be more than three or four "after hours" vets. It's worth calling to those few. "Hi, yes, I'm The DreadedLorax, and I understand from my mother Occasional Banshee my beloved cat had to be put down while in her care. Wow, this is uncomfortable... Gosh, how do I put this? We believe my mom is developing a bit of dementia where she doesn't remember things correctly or exhibits rather bizarre behavior especially towards children or animals. Something about her story of my cat just isn't sitting right with us especially since the cat was very healthy when we last saw it. Is it possible for you tell me if *Vet Practice Name* was the one who handled *Cat's Name* case? If so, I'd like to discuss the circumstances of that last visit. Honestly, I'm extremely worried that this was a case of my mother's illness effecting a defenseless animal. I want to prevent this from happening again to another animal. Is there anyway someone in the office can help me?" Use this script and call every vet you think she could've possibly used. With any luck someone in the office will take pity on you and set aside confidentiality in order to prevent further animal cruelty.
Circular arguments with their twists and turns. Honestly, there were more than a few times I'd turn to someone and say "Am I going crazy here? Didn't she just say *this* rather than *that*?"
I think it's time you suddenly realize you've been invited to an out of town wedding of a close friend and you won't be able to host their visit, and NO, you are NOT comfortable with them staying in your home without you.
If you're afraid of being verbally trapped into the stay by calling them, text message back to them or email that their plans just won't fit in with yours.
Well, this might take straightening up your spines, but it will feel good to deliver it... When she whines and complains, stop her in the middle of her bitch session and say "THIS is why you were not told. For whatever reason, you just can't seem to understand our lives are not all about *your* wants. You refuse to behave like a mature, rational adult. Instead, you turn into a bossy toddler prone to temper tantrums when life doesn't go the way YOU think it should. So, you want to know why? This very scene you're throwing is exactly why. Now, be an adult and deal with it properly."
This is so much perfection!
Mississippi Pot Roast: One large 4-5lb chuck roast, one packet Hidden Valley Ranch Dressing Mix, one stick REAL Butter, 5-10 whole Pepperoncini Peppers, or a half cup sliced Pepperoncini Peppers, 5-7 peeled garlic cloves. Place half of the garlic on bottom of crock pot. Put roast on top of garlic. Searing/browning the meat prior to cooking is unnecessary, but some people go the extra step. Sprinkle roast with entire packet of dressing mix. You can dump it entirely on the top of meat, or season both sides. Your choice. Top roast with peppers and the rest of the garlic. Place the entire stick of butter on the top of the meat &amp; peppers. No need to cut the butter in chunks. Just be decadent and plop it on there. Cover with lid and cook 6-8 hours on a medium heat. No additional liquid is necessary as the roast will produce its own. The meat is ready when it can be easily pulled apart with forks and browns just a bit. It's especially delicious if you give it a bit of time under the broiler to brown &amp; crisp it just a touch after it's been pulled apart into chunks. BTW, the heat from the Pepperoncini is extremely mild.
"MiL, I'm going to do you a very large favor. I've noticed you haven't bathed in a few days, nor changed your clothes. Because of this, you have become rather *fragrant.* In other words, your body odor has become extremely unpleasant. Please bathe &amp; put on clean clothing."
If you add one or two tablespoons of the buttermilk mixture to the seasoned flour, it results in more of those crumbly bits sticking to the chicken when you bread it.
Or pull out your cell phone and begin recording a video.
May the blessings of Santo Luis follow you all your days!
She who eats the most dumplings WINS!
If you're in a college town, contact one of the local frat houses and ask them if they know of anyone at the Frat who wants to earn some money. Depending on how much stuff you have, you could say "I have *list stuff* and need it moved to *address*. I'm willing to pay *set amount* for the job and pizza. Any takers?"
Southern girl, born and bred. I've heard of cole slaw, and I've heard of BBQ, but I have never "BBQ slaw" before in my life. I'm mighty intrigued if it's just a normal cabbage-based slaw, or if it's something altogether wonderful that I've been missing out on. (And now I've got a hankering for homemade 4 Cheese Mac &amp; Cheese. Damn you, low carb lifestyle! Damn you!)
Sheeeeeeit! Well, butter mah backside and call me a "biscuit!" This sounds fabulous! Thank you! I grew up eating the ketchup/tomato-based bbq sauce, so the first time I had vinegar-based Carolina-style sauce, I did raise a skeptical eyebrow. Different, but pretty darned delicious. It definitely sounds like a slaw that will put a smile on my DH's face.
Speaking of NC, someone told me that if I'm ever looking for really good fast food on my way through North Carolina (and something I can tailor to the way I eat), I should try *Cook Out* restaurants. I took a look at their menu. http://www.cookout.com/category/menu/ OH, MY!! It's gonna be so hard to resist the things I really shouldn't eat.
I looked up a recipe for Carolina BBQ Sauce, and I have to tell you my husband definitely would straight up eat slaw made that way *without* the BBQ'd meat!
While getting him a dog is a lovely gesture, and dogs are the best sort of loving companions ever created, PLEASE check with him first. Puppies take time to properly train and need to be housebroken. While things like this would keep him busy, would *HE* want to actually be surprised/pushed into pet ownership? More importantly, if/when MiL swoops back in on her broom, how well would an animal do with her being back in the home? Is she capable of loving the dog, or would it be just one more excuse for her to bitch &amp; moan? There are so many other things you could get FiL interested in first before going the new pet route.
"MiL, you may stop talking now and feel free not to say another word until your opinion is asked, or you may go sit in the car. It's damned near 100 degrees outside, so please do choose wisely. One way or another, I do not want to hear any more from you. Thank you for your cooperation."
&gt;my two year old concluded that we should have farted on that old lady. You are *wonderful*, but your two year old...that two year old GETS IT!!!
My youngest daughter and I went down the rabbit hole today looking at photos of food from the restaurants and playing "which would you eat." When a corn dog is considered a "side," we knew that place has to go on our "Places To Visit In Our Lifetime" list.
I've been bitten by these little bastards and it's not fun. Little red lady bugs I've never had a problem with, but these yellow devils need to die! Turns out I am highly sensitive to their bite. Not Epi-pen worthy, but sensitive enough to develop an enormous "goose egg" along with intense itching for days.
This is exactly what popped into my head as well! "Oh, fetch my smelling salts, I feel my faintness coming on me again."
If given a choice... http://cdn.playbuzz.com/cdn/d3ea0a09-13ea-491f-99df-c6bf45084a8d/39647aa4-77a8-413b-8372-a72c793bbce2.jpg
The next time she starts spouting more genetic denial crap in front of everyone and goes into argument mode, simply say "The denial is strong in this one."
Scabies is a burrowing mite, *Sarcoptes scabiei,* and not a body louse (known as lice or "crabs"). They like to dig lovely little tunnels under the skin causing intense itching and a rash, which intensifies at night, and is high contagious. Lice are a minor irritation when compared to the nightmare of scabies.
In my family, because everyone lives to a ripe old age, "the kids" is used as a catch-all meaning their offspring, "the grandkids" would mean my children, my sibling's &amp; cousins' children, and then there are the "great grands." Even as bossyboots as some of the older relatives are, these catch-all names have never meant "we're the boss of you!" If Mom isn't normally one to be controlling out of spite rather than helpfulness, and isn't a complete ass of a person, I'd be tempted to sit on any more discussion about the callsign for this visit. Give it a few days after she leaves before thinking about it again to see if it truly is as aggravating to you post-visit as it seems to currently be. If it still bothers you, drop your mom an email to explain how "the kids" aggravates you. "Maybe it's a leftover sensitivity from all the irritation we've had to put up with from my MiL. I don't know. All I *do* know is for some reason it truly bothers me to hear it. I mean, REALLY bothers me. Would you mind terribly not using around me for awhile? I'd really appreciate it so much. I need to work through my feelings for my MiL, and doing this little favor for me would be so helpful."
Except the invitation stated takes place "After Five," so most people would be safe to assume attire would be dressier than a sport coat or church/business wear. However, if one is coming from out of town &amp; is unfamiliar with the venue, for all the invitee knows, the bride &amp; groom have decided to get married in a renovated barn as the sun sets and have a good old fashioned pig pickin' for their reception. These days, weddings run the gamut of styles, from the ultra informal to the very dressed to the nines evening gala. I certainly appreciate being given a hint on the invitation as to the attire. My father-in-law used to say one could never be over-dressed. Picture an old money Cuban exile who learned to speak English in England--his accent was quite the combination: "Would you rather, my dear, be dressed in a gown at a pool party, or show up to a formal event in shorts &amp; flipflops? Being under-dressed is an unforgivable slight against your host." edit--I think a tuxedo IS reserved for after five and what would be worn in the morning would be cut-away/morning coat.
Could laying your hands on someone without their permission be considered assault? If this was taking place anywhere other than in the office, I would be that bitch who just might grab back slightly inappropriately, and when he gets all flustered say "What? This isn't Touch Someone Inappropriately Day? Oh. Oops. Sorry."
Just looked this up. Assault. At Common Law, an intentional act by one person that creates an apprehension in another of an imminent harmful or offensive contact. An assault is carried out by a threat of bodily harm coupled with an apparent, present ability to cause the harm. At common law, battery is the tort of intentionally (or, in Australia, negligently) and voluntarily bringing about an unconsented harmful or offensive contact with a person or to something closely associated with them (e.g. a hat, a purse). So, maybe it's considered both? Solid headwork on your wife's part to handle this like a professional. That's the sort of person who *needs* to be promoted up the chain.
Sounds like perhaps your MiL has a few sexual hang ups of her own. I wonder if she realizes we are all sexual creatures, and she's allowed to actually enjoy sex without it being considered a perversion?
If you were to touch my abdomen and I told you I did not like it and to never touch me again, yet you DID touch me. Repeatedly. I would consider your disregard of my explicit instruction NOT to touch me again to be offensive to me, thus offensive contact. "No" means NO!
Honestly, I think you be better off hiring a teenage "helper" to come in a few hours a week to help you around the house, wrangle the kids for a bit, or even come with you for outings like grocery shopping. Having someone underfoot 24/7 that has already shown her utter disregard for you and your boundaries is setting yourself up for a miserable 7 months. I guarantee she will switch over to "I'm in charge here" mode and undermine you left and right. Do you really *want* to allow your MiL free range in your home for 7+ months? Written rules or not, she WILL bypass them. "Oh, I forgot," "Oh, is that what you meant?" "Oh, now come on. A little bit won't hurt LO." "Well, I raised DH &amp; he seemed to survive." Don't do it. Find some other way of getting help around the house. Don't invite the friendly enemy into your camp.
Fookin' BRILLIANT! What a take down. I'm wishing that DiL nothing but a gentle &amp; easy birth for her new little warrior. May she be as bold &amp; and fierce as her mother!
&gt;this will probably forever be known as "the vacation you took with Uncle's family". "Yes, and it was a glorious vacation. No stress. No whiny people. No complaints from anyone. It truly was an actual vacation for us and so much FUN."
Your passion reminded me of this woman! Flame on with that passion! http://www.laconicsoftware.com/fantastic-flame-fire-screensaver/runtime-screenshots/fire-screensaver-picture-fantasy-woman-warrior.jpg
In the south, fried chicken from Publix isn't that bad if it's freshly made--and they will drop a fresh order for you if they're not really busy, at least they have for me. I would have a *"No visitors unless expressly invited by New Mom, and this includes relatives. ALL of them"* policy already laid in place. You might want to think about making a semi-durable sign to hang on your front door: *If you've shown up without an invitation, don't knock on the door, don't ring that bell. We are NOT receiving visitors today. Not even Santa Claus.*
Might also remind your DH the baby is not a *best grandma prize* to be shown off to friends &amp; family, nor is the baby a toy for any of the grandparents or aunties to amuse themselves with, or to re-live their own baby-making days. YOU carried this baby, YOU felt the discomfort of pregnancy, and YOU felt the pain of childbirth. This is a child both of you created, but you were the one doing the grunt work, so now it is YOUR turn to enjoy the benefit of your hard work. You don't need someone to hold the baby, nor do you need anyone to feed the baby, or rock it to sleep. These are your "jobs" and your joys to savor. You'll "share" the baby with the world on YOUR terms and not before, no matter how many toddler tantrums of "it's not faaaaaair!" are thrown. And for the love of sweet babies in the world, make all visitors stay in a hotel--with the exception of your mom, but only if she's actually lending a real hand with keeping the household running smoothly.
"Satan is trying to tear your family apart? Naw, mom, it's been you doing that very thing by constantly and consistently making horrible choices in your life. You really ought to consider getting counseling to help you figure out why *you* seem hellbent on ignoring the destructive behavior of the men you choose to be with, why you blame others for your own mistakes, and why you consistently fail to be a proper parent. Your 'good intentions' aren't good enough. In fact, they more damaging than anything else."
Intriguing. What type of sauce is on pizzas with kebabs or gyros? Regular tomato, or something like a garlicky Tzatziki sauce?
Well, yeah, it is, but I'm of the mind its creator had his heart in the right place. The execution? Not so much.
I predict that woman with be a mother-in-law from hell when the time comes.
Keep spreading the word!
You realize this bridesmaid is going to make your wedding reception all about her, don't you? Oh, how crestfallen she is about not getting to celebrate her birthday because she's just so unselfishly giving up *her* special day to be in your wedding. Don't get her wrong! Gosh, she's just so happy to be there and all...but still. She could've thrown herself the bestest birthday party EVAH!
We attended a wedding recently which had round tables at the reception and no assigned seating. We took a table towards the edge of the room (because I'm introverted and have always found "small talk" with strangers awkward since I'm not naturally talkative). We ended up sitting with some marvelously delightful people and had a wonderful evening. The round table really made for much easier conversation.
I've heard of a bride purposely choosing unattractive friends to be in her wedding party. Bride didn't want to be upstaged by prettier women.
If she brings it up again, be upfront with FSiL. "FSiL, I like you very much. I think you're simply wonderful. As you know, your mom is not the easiest person to understand and because of it, she has created some serious issues. At the moment, we're choosing not to give her our address because we absolutely do not need her showing up at all hours of the day for surprise visits or forcing us to spend time with her after we've told her she's in what amounts to *Time Out.* If I gave you our address, we'd be putting you in the middle by asking you to keep it a secret from your mother. That's not fair to you. So, for the time being it is safer for you, &amp; more peaceful for us to see you some place other than our home. I hope you understand, especially as you know how your mom behaves at times."
DEFINITELY mention this the next time you see your primary care doctor so it's put in your medical records. Had a friend who was a nurse. She went from noticing her hands were becoming irritated after wearing latex gloves, to becoming so allergic to latex she had to completely pitch out ALL of her clothing with any latex in it (lingerie, socks, elastic waist ANYTHING) and stop nursing in a clinical setting. Couldn't even have latex paint when they re-painted the interior of the house. The sensitivity exploded in like 18 months time.
I encourage you both to wander over to r/JustNoMiL. You'll find a great deal of support from people who have difficult mothers-in-law &amp; moms, plus they can offer helpful tips in creating/enforcing health boundaries. Heads up, once the babies start coming, some of these nice but sulky women go into batshit overdrive with control issues.
Yogurt based would be my guess.
Only if you've married a Buxom Viking Shield Maiden. ;)
He was! What a brainfart I just had. I was replying to the wrong comment, but I'll leave it standing anyway.
Damn~ So, just how high did that mic bounce when you dropped it?
Your life, your baby, your rules. I KNOW it seems hard, but you ARE allowed to say "no" to anything you do not want. "As much as I know you want to be there, the answer is no. This ultrasound appointment will just be for the two of us. Do not whine or cry about this. It will NOT change my mind." "We've decided no visitors or company staying at our home prior to, or after my delivery. We will let you know when we are ready for company. You should have asked me prior to assuming I'd want help immediately after the baby is born. Thank you, but no. No one will be a guest for probably a few weeks. I am firm on this. Whining to FDH will not change my mind. I am the one carrying this baby, and I will be the one delivering the baby, and *I* am the baby's mother. My baby, my rules. You had your baby your way. I plan on doing the exact same thing. My way." You can do this. Yes! You can! Dropping things off on the lawn just makes the trip to the garbage a little shorter. ;)
An abusive mother becoming extremely ill or dying doesn't automatically grant her sainthood and absolve her of horrendous behavior. It also doesn't negate the abusive behavior, nor does it require you to forgive her and forget it ever happened. DH needs to understand on this thing he is absolutely wrong.
I was going to suggest garbage bags (drawstring). You can cram stuff into them fairly quickly and basically chuck them into a car or bed of a truck (kinda makes it look like you're just throwing out trash in case you have nosy neighbors, too). Good luck, and may the all the small gods of the world be smiling upon you as you execute your plans.
r/alienpumaspacetrain Because I'm too tired to try to explain the weirdness, it's dedicated to figuring out just what hell was going on in the mind of the creator of a box stuffed with weird drawings, letters, and other collected documents. [Cribbed from http://www.thehorsehospital.com/past/the-chamber-of-pop-culture-past/alien-puma-space-train-the-visionary-work-of-daniel-s-christiansen/ ] "Saved from the detritus of a basement clearance in Asheville, North Carolina is a hand made wooden box, inside it is contained the life’s work and research of Daniel S Christiansen. Christiansen was the son of Danish Seventh Day Adventists, little is known about his life, he immigrated to America in 1927, worked as a carpenter, served in the US army during WW2 and was married to a woman he refers to as Nady, who helped him with his work. He passed away in 1994, leaving behind him a mysterious box of approximately 100 pages of extraordinary and evocative artefacts created between 1930’s and the 1980’s. Contained within the box are a number of hand drawn maps, several beautifully detailed technical drawings of possible alien craft mechanical components and hand written essays. On the 7/71977 Christiansen himself has a potential UFO sighting which he documents and refers to as ‘The Tampa Bay Observation’, this experience connects his various interests in UFOs, unusual weather patterns and the biblical apocalypse and prompts the expressive apex of this incredible collection; A series of epic, fantastical renditions of winged, four-headed extra-terrestrial humanoids, sophisticated alien craft and scenes of alien visitations which are closely aligned with the mystical and visionary imagery and narrative of ‘The Book of Ezekiel’ in the old testament." It's...interesting.
If you haven't seen it yet, track down *The Night Manager.* Pay for it even! It cemented my fangirl crush on the man.
A man as "gifted" as he appears to be really shouldn't go commando. ;) I'd have one helluva time trying not to stare. I'm not a "size queen," but damn, the man appears to be blessed with Thor's hammer, and he's keeping it in his pants.
Perhaps, But I'd be willing to bet MiL has already been bad-mouthing this couple behind their backs &amp; putting out a false narrative of events. In her eyes, while she might have been a bit too critical about things, she sees absolutely no reason for her to apologize and wants everything to be dropped &amp; forgotten without her admission of crappy behavior. Her behavior will never change unless it is forced to, and even *that* is a gamble. Short of sending an individual message to the parents, family members, flying monkeys &amp; concern trolls, social media is the surest way to make a broadcast bulletin so everyone understands exactly the reasons behind OP and her SO distancing themselves from what they perceive as damaging &amp; repeated insulting behavior.
So, what you're saying is if you SO gave you a gift in front of his mom, she would want one as well? The most obvious gift for him to give you is a mug that says "I'm a petty bitch." Of course, mom should get one as well, because fair is fair in her eyes, right?
PLEASE tell me your parents will NOT be staying in your home with you? If I were in your place, I'd move heaven &amp; earth to make sure your mom understands you do not want to be entertaining guests, and having people stay in your home will add too much stress on you &amp; your new family. "While we'd love to see you in three or four weeks, we know for certain we won't be up to entertaining family or friends for over night visits, so here is a list of the hotels closest to our home. We've heard the *Such&amp;Such Inn* is very nice and they serve a free breakfast. Let us know which one you choose and so we'll be able to give you an idea of the expected drive time to &amp; from our home."
I understand how a deep dislike or burning hatred of a person can taint a name, and I know you want to share a surname with your FH. If hyphenating names is a non-starter and you don't want to create a new name for yourselves, perhaps altering your thinking slightly. Your MiL wasn't born into her surname. However, it was up to her keep it "bright &amp; shiny" so to speak. Obviously, she's done a real bang-up job sucking at that mission. Here's where YOU come in. Take that name. Don it proudly as it is the surname of the guy who loves you &amp; who you love. Wear that name like a total boss and show the rest of the world how a TRUE *Mrs.BrandNewSurname* rocks it. And if the time ever comes where the shit starts flying with your FMiL, you can throw it in her face how she is a discredit to the surname and ought to feel great shame at having it tainted with her incredibly rude, belligerent, narcissistic behavior. She has brought great shame to the family with her attitudes, etc. "MiL, I am embarrassed for you. Your behavior shames the name of Umptyfratz. You owe an apology to everyone who carries our surname. I can't even look at your face without utter disgust. Absolutely shameful!"
ANNOUNCEMENTS! Idiot woman needs to be told she may send out ANNOUNCEMENTS after the wedding has taken place. If one wants to let very extended family know there has been a wedding in the family, wedding announcements are sent.
Use the word "ceremony" rather than "wedding." It might help clarify in his mind that while you still love him and want to be married, he needs to corral his mother and remember who is getting married here. Your wedding, your ceremony, your final approval on everything including invitees.
Your Sweetheart really ought to just come right out and tell his mom whether she realizes it or not, she is trying to control a wedding which is not hers to control. She is attempting to insert her decision-making into a process which does NOT require her to do ANYTHING other than what is explicitly asked of her. "No more arguments, Mom. No more suggestions. No more opinions, nor pouting because MY wedding plans aren't the plans YOU have in mind. This is MY wedding, and these are the plans my fiancee and I have decided are best for us. You had a chance to plan YOUR wedding. Please give us the courtesy to plan OURS as we see fit. If you can't control yourself, it will be painless for us to cancel all our arrangements and elope in private."
She thinks it's ok because it seems no one has the cojones to tell her to cool her jets. It's not HER place to do anything other than what she is asked specifically to do. Index finger to the lips when she starts suggesting stuff. "Shhhh No more unnecessary suggestions. We have this covered." And maybe throw in a wink of the eye.
YES! Because ALL of FH's family *have* to be there for support, you know. Perfect family moment in FMiL's world?
Dear Husband of u/DILofCandyClaws, seriously, son, what the fuck has to happen to your child before **you** finally understand some people truly should never be left in charge of others because they simply lack common courtesy, common sense, and the understanding there are boundaries and rules in place for other reasons than simply control? Those rules are in place of safety reasons. Your mother cares for none of that because she is positive since SHE managed to bring you safely into adulthood, that SHE is the end-all, be-all to what's best for someone elses child. Your best isn't good enough. Fucking realize it is NOT up to you to keep your mother happy, and that your number one importance right now is the welfare of your wife and child. If your wife is uncomfortable with your mother watching the baby, then that's it. That's all that needs to be said. The basic fact of the matter is your mother was explicitly told **NOT** to do something concerning your child, and she gave both you and the mother of that baby a big ol' double pump fuck you right to your faces. Unacceptable to teach her she can do something like that and then turn around and get *me time* alone with the baby. It's time to learn to NOT be afraid of your mother's toddler temper tantrums. Time to learn you CAN and SHOULD tell your mother 'No' whenever the situations warrants it. Right now, the situation warrants it. Your wife's anger should be an enormous clue as to the severity of the situation. You gotta ask yourself which is the most important to you: giving in to your mommy so she won't be upset with you, or listening to the instincts of **YOUR WIFE** when she feels the safety of her child is in question."
I know! Pin me like a butterfly, Mr. Hamm!
I had the same issue with that sentence. It is a bit vague &amp; open to the wrong interpretation. Perhaps writing "if you are truly remorseful for your actions and apologize sincerely &amp; with remorse to both of us, we can move forward."
Are you taking your 4 year old with you? I know you said a solo trip, but I don't think I'd be comfortable having someone who sounds as disruptive and boundary-stomping as you've said, having unfettered access to my defenseless 4 year old. I can't imagine how out of whack and off schedule both the LO and your household will be with her in charge and with her able to go through all your stuff.
Lee Greenwood's *God Bless The USA.* Especially since the Gulf War &amp; then 9/11, it's been played to death and is dragged out at way too many "feel good" events saluting veterans (and played at damned near every military presentation/graduation/homecoming/retirement/Change of Command ceremonies I've attended). It just smacks of false flag-waving patriotism. (And for what it's worth, I come from a long line of family military service and am a third generation military spouse, so I'm not hating on service nor patriotism.)
Do you mean Lee Greenwood's *God Bless the USA?" I mentioned it elsewhere in the comments. I despise that song with the burning passion of a thousand suns. It's played way too often by people who want wave the flag and call themselves patriots. The same ones who "support the troops" with their magnetic ribbon bumper stickers. When my husband retired from the Navy, he forbade it being played at any point ever during his ceremony. He hates that damned song as much as he hates what he calls "false patriotism."
Just a quick heads up so you're never blindsided by it, it's real title is *God Bless The USA.* I can't shut the TV or radio off fast enough when I hear the opening melody.
Twenty-five? Ah, girl, you have your entire life and a brand new world laid out before you. What you did took courage and smarts! Consider today to be a rebirth. Welcome to your new life, and happy birthday!
Felicia Fibber? Fibber McGee? Prevaricator Paula? Bait and Switch because instead of pancakes, you were served a pastor for breakfast.
Madame! If you like the Amish-style chicken and dumplings with the flat style dumplings, I have a partial solution which might work for you. go here: https://www.dietdoctor.com/recipes/keto-lasagna Use the recipe for the noodles/pasta. Roll the "dough" out a bit thicker, and slice to size with a pizza cutter when it is done. You can then drop into your chicken &amp; gravy to simmer (covered) for about 20 minutes. The "dumplings" will slightly fatten up. If you want the almost biscuit style dumplings, you can try using this recipe for biscuits, but when you drop the dough on top of your bubbling gravy, you absolutely have to leave it to simmer for at least 25 minutes, covered--no peeking. I have better success with the noodle style dumplings. http://alldayidreamaboutfood.com/2013/07/cheddar-drop-biscuits-and-the-cabot-fit-team.html As for the tea &amp; honey, I don't have a work around until they make a stevia with honey flavor. Sorry.
Perfect way to explain all the blood spatters.
Soooo many stick figure stickers across the back of her mini-bus! Kinda makes you want to write "Dude! Stay offa her!" in the pollen on the back hatch, wouldn't it?
I had to tap out reading this. My husband is an "anteater" and he was adamant there would be no circumcising our son. While I was in the hospital with HG, I spent a week across from the room where the circumcisions were done. I finally begged to be moved down the hallway. It broke my heart to hear those little boys crying the way they did. Any mother of a young baby can recognize the difference in cries. There's the *I'm hungry* cry, *poopy diaper* cry, *over stimulated* cry, and then there's the *I'm in pain and want the world to know* cry. These little boys were in pain. Any doubts I had about not having it done were eradicated during that stay. Did it say any where in the article about being able to recreate a foreskin for the little guy? I'm hoping it can be done since the little I did read led me to believe there was a bit of foreskin remaining (and the fact the procedure was botched to begin with only adds to the horror of it all).
This makes me miss *Blackadder* in the worst way.
The closest thing I think that would ever be acceptable for a "Grandma Shower" is to have a pity party and invite all my girlfriends as an excuse to tie one on in a huge way (because DAMN! I'm officially old enough to become a grandparent--can't be that old--don't feel that old--this is a horrible joke because we're all still hot babes, right???) and I could eat so much party food crap with the excuse that grandmas are supposed to be soft and squishy.
Hope your mother wrote the thank you notes for all the gifts she swiped.
OR you *could* go, but stay at a hotel and make DH &amp; the baby stay there for the duration of the shower. And not tell MiL that's the plan of the day. "Where's the baby? Oh, goodness. You KNOW how unsafe it would be for a baby who isn't even old enough to have vaccinations to be passed around like some brand new toy amongst so many people! And then to have to be vigilant about making sure no one is kissing the baby--you know how disfiguring passing that horrible cold sore virus can be to an infant--well, DH &amp; I just refused to risk it."
First season is meh, but it's really worth tracking down if you appreciate British humor.
"Why do you ask? Do you think your baby is a bit delayed in that department? You realize developmental stages are simply generalities, don't you? I wouldn't worry too much, but you can always ask your pediatrician. My LO has been on target or even early for things so far. We have no worries."
It's the herpes virus which causes cold sores which worries me as well. People don't realize if they've had a cold sore in the past, they carry the herpes virus. Passing it on to an infant is criminal.
Petty is sometimes good. Happy is always fantastic. Have a wonderful get-away with some toe-curling jungle sex.
I wasn't organized enough to have more than three, and the last two I got on a two-for-one special. ;)
Your MiL is almost as revolting as your FiL. It's too bad you didn't look your FiL up and down and then look back at your MiL and say "Why in the hell would I want to seduce an old man when your son gives me all the fucking I need? No, thank you!" and then shudder.
Here's to riding off into the happiness sunset. May your love for each other continue to grow.
Why *can't* you reply with exactly that?? "Funny how no one could be bothered to get in touch with my at Christmas, or my birthday, but suddenly because I'm due to have a baby I've become #1 person on your Must Contact List. If you don't have a good relationship with me, you don't have one with my child. You get nothing! Good day sir!"
I'm evil in the very best way. ;)
Neither of them *have* to go. It's a choice they are making. I think it's rewarding MiL's atrocious behavior, especially after her text to OP about keeping it classy and here's your assigned job. No matter what was said by SO to his parents, and no matter that SO is thinking "Mom be damned, I'm going to go &amp; see my fam," their attendance at the party is going to be perceived by MiL as a WIN. In her mind the end will justify the means, always.
OP, as much as I'd like you to rub the "be classy" comment in MiL's face, sometimes less really *can* do the same amount of smack back without you getting caught up in the fallout. There are some damned sexy suits out there that you can absolutely destroy MiL by wearing yet you can say "Oh, it's a one piece suit, not a sexy bikini!" Be careful how you play this chess match, OP.
Same here. I just wish there was a way for them to swing by to say "hi" to everyone and then go off and do their own thing. And screw the job order from MiL.
"DH, our marriage is like a bicycle. We don't need a third wheel as we travel through life's experiences. Your mom is trying to be a third wheel on our bicycle. It has to stop. I do not want her along at OUR *see the baby* visit. This is my body, &amp; OUR baby. Your mother does not need to share in all our life experiences. You didn't want her in our bed when we made this baby, so I hope you can understand how I don't want her in the room when we see what we made for the first time. As a compromise, I offer you this: After our initial look, you can record the images on your cell phone to show to her later. I think this offer is more than generous and I'm sure if asked most of our friends would agree."
