I biked by it yesterday on Damen at around 8:30 and crews from Walsh were still out there cramming for that deadline. I imagine that they've really been dragging their feet in getting it done.
I just saw something on CNN listing the top 15 cars that are flying off the lots, and most were SUVs or crossovers. It's obnoxious.
We've got a small fleet of Equinoxes at work. They have like no power, gas mileage is decent at best, and are pretty uncomfortable. I picked up a Kia Optima about a year ago. Best warranty out there if you go CPO (10 yr/100,000 mile doesn't transfer b/w owners otherwise), really quick, plenty of room (trunk is huge!), comfy, and gas is awesome. Just got back from a road trip to D.C. and each way used up only one tank (so two tanks for the whole trip). The paint is pretty shitty though, so I got a color where little blemishes wouldn't show as easily.
If Reddit had it's way, everything would be free and come with sprinkles on top.
That truck is carrying doors that Menard's sells, and there's a Menard's maybe 1/2 mile away from that location. He was so close...
Yea I read Dearborn and knew exactly what they were talking about. Most likely they stepped into the lane without paying attention against the red light, as people still seem to do years after this lane was installed. This would probably make it their fault, right? Ped laws say that if there's a signal, peds have to obey it and not step into the street.
Salvation Army is out in full force today, it seems. I saw them all over the loop this morning.
Coolest tidbit of information I've seen today, thanks!
What kind of car does she drive?
Just spam [the website](https://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/311/supp_info/request_service.html) if you'd like. I reported the CTA field building near Milwaukee and Division not shoveling their sidewalk for days before they finally came out and did it. Not sure if that's what did it, but I like to think I had something to do with it.
Yea. Was leaning structural but went the environmental route after college. I also love the Deftones. There is a lot of rehabbing going down here over the next few years so there will be jobs abound.
I'm not looking, but what do you think about people from a background outside of trans. looking to move into it? I'm a project manager with some design experience, but again it's in environmental work. I may end up changing fields in the next 5 years (I've got sites I want to see through to the end), but I feel I'd be passed over for recent grads by the time that comes. Just trying to see what the competition is like.
The Berghoff Cafe is right around the corner. Their lunch spot, which is in the basement, is the same as upstairs but cheaper during their lunch hour. Everything is delicious.
I can see the boat vs. kayak complaints now. "Asshole boaters splashing me with their wake!" "Kayak's rights!" "Damn hipster kayakers going oar-less." Before you know it, Landshark will be the beer of choice.
I expected it to be much higher. What would commerical or store front rent be in other areas be? I figured 10k would be the cheapest anywhere, but I know nothing about that kinda thing.
**Discipline:** Civil **Specialty:** Environmental and Remediation **Highest Degree:** Bachelors in Civil and Materials Engineering **Country:** USA **Available for e-mail?:** Sure
Question, is there a good navigating app for pilots on the Play store? I know there is one on the Apple store that gives you real time flight patterns and all kinds of neat stuff like that. My step dad is looking for one and he is leaning on buying a iPad solely for that app because he can't find any good ones on the Play store. I'm trying to get him to go Android.
You can contact Don Baumgartner at the Chicago EPA office with questions about this. [Here is the enforcement and compliance assistance page](http://www.epa.gov/region5/pesticides/compliance_assistance.html). I imagine it is enforceable under FIFRA (Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act), but whether or not it is federally enforceable or delegated to the states is what I'm unsure about. When it comes to enforcement and inspections this region doesn't mess around, so the turn around to get an inspector out by you would be pretty short.
As am I. Corrective Action Project Manager. EPA MASTER RACE.
Oh thank god I'm working at home that day.
You think they designed for 100 year? I suppose that would make sense if there are to be shops or wine bars on it...
I'm sure he'll be telling all of his friends how terrible CPD is and how he did nothing wrong.
He's not interesting or comical. He doesn't say controversial things. He is in line with what most Americans already know or believe. Why would the news cover him? They won't get clicks from that, and nobody will laugh with their friends and say "hahaha omg Bernie is so right, amirite guys hahaha." People want to be annoyed and upset about something, and Scott Walker, Trump, and others provide that. Fucking news sites are the scum of the earth when it comes to political updates. They couldn't give a flying fuck about the country.
&gt; Wicker Park 6 corner Are you *trying* to start a fight?
&gt; our park So I don't know much about this, but do property taxes or other taxes and revenue from neighborhood/ward specific sources go to parks only in those neighborhoods, or are parks funded from the entire city? In other words, am I paying for Humboldt Park just the same as residents in those neighborhoods?
The caveat is if there are traffic signals and they are crossing against their red light. If they cause an accident it will likely be their fault. Obvs if they are crossing and the driver has plenty of time to slow down and stop, the driver is still suppose to, but peds can't cross whenever they want willy nilly and expect the world to stop for them.
I love it as long as they spend their parents' money down here!
Do you play volleyball? For the past few years I've been heading up to Montrose beach to play pickup games (doubles) on random Tuesdays. It's cheap and people there actually know how to play and stick to the rules. It's just a bunch of people who love to play and is not part of some organization. There are softball leagues nearly every day throughout the city during the week. Chicago Sports and Social Club, Players, S3, and one more big one that I can't remember have leagues all over the place. Do you like cycling? Visit some of the local bike shops from time to time to get work done on your bike and bullshit with them. But not Rapid Transit, the people who work at the North Ave. location are pretentious douchebags. I'm from Hawaii too (O'ahu), but I can tell you after living here I couldn't go back and live in a place like that.
&gt; When I'm in a plane I always like looking at the map/speed/temp screen rather than a movie (mostly because I read and this is mildly interesting between chapters). Wait where is this located? Are you talking about headrest screens that usually exist on long distance flights only?
I would think CEO 101 is to not send emails when performing shady business deals. I'm shocked how so many people get caught and how emails and text messages are used as evidence against them. How do you get so far and yet never have the foresight to say "hmm, maybe I shouldn't put this in writing."
The northside is a big place, and I alone could name like 12 all over it. What neighborhoods would you prefer? On The Route in Lincoln Square is a great place, as is Village Cycle near Old Town. Looking for smaller urban shops? Comrade is a go to place for a lot of people, and I like popping into Let's Roast for quick fixes as well.
I haven't been on a flight that offers those things in sooooo long, so I can't even remember what they once included. I think the last time I was on a plane with a movie or entertainment Hairspray had just come out so they were showing that. Which I did not watch.
Post to /r/milwaukee as well, I'm sure you'll get more of a response.
23 hourly is pretty good money.
There's also a 19.5% ABV version out there. Tastes just the same, and only something you should do once.
What a fucking mess. All for a broken and failed school system that is the laughingstock of the country.
A star wars character, if I recall correctly.
Wait, you left? Have you always been out of the city?
You're the kind of person who stands on the left side of escalators, aren't you.
The fear of displacement flies in the face of complaints stating that a 3 day festival won't provide any economic stimulus to the community. Fuck out of here with that inconsistent logic. If there is no benefit to the community then crying up and down about displacement is a load of bull. I understand their feelings, I am empathetic to that. But they are completely irrational and their chief reason for keeping the festival out is clear. Good thing it is likely only a select few and the alderman is on board.
A friend of mine watched the cubs back home in rural Oklahoma, and her dad travels here often for games throughout the season. Such a shame that they stopped that.
I think I'm starting to see how Jesus fed so many people with a few fish. All hail Publix.
Man, if I let it bother me that much when I can't do anything about it other than vote I would drive myself absolutely crazy. I would eventually quit and want to get away from it.
They do. Indiana, however, has shit laws.
Feels good knowing that the place I grew up in and the place I currently live in have so many similarities.
That shouldn't even be surprising. I see those as often as I see the stock iPhone looking headphones on the train every morning.
On one hand you've got people who have lived in a neighborhood for years, or maybe had a mom and pop shop that was their family's name sake on the main boulevard, and on the other is a developer or or landlord who naturally is trying to make as much money as possible off leases and real estate. In one case the area remains local and family driven, and the other results in national chain stores and a Schaumburg-esque presence. 10/10 will not support the latter. Sure, some people make out like bandits, but a good many can only sit by and watch. A cleaner neighborhood is always a better thing, but there is a point where it is just over saturated and no longer holds any urban appeal.
I certainly can't fault the landlords for doing what they're doing as it's just business, but I sure as shit wouldn't hold a door open for them and definitely would let my future dog shit in their yards.
How is that relevant.
I don't think he was presuming anything about your student or his setting, just addressing a common pitfall that exists among a lot of students. It's tough to gauge which one is in front you. I know growing up I was better served with the approach /u/docmedic laid out. I had tutors and teachers who used your approach and I hated them because I thought it was silly and would just ignore them after a while. I believe that had a hand in me not liking/not being good at/not wanting to put effort in math when I was younger.
Someone made mention of that very thing regarding the Kentucky Governor yesterday. Edit: [Never mind it was 3 days ago](https://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/3z5ffh/kentuckys_governor_looks_to_be_aimed_at_making/cyjgwsi)
A girl I graduated college with went to Lane Tech, and I guess they had a program that allowed them to intern/volunteer/be a mentee with people in some of the city's top engineering firms. She had an in with engineers at Thornton Tomasetti in freaking high school and used that to get an internship. Nobody from UIC gets in with places from Thornton but she had no problem thanks to that.
Well DNAInfo is constantly siphoning stories from this sub, so hopefully you posting this will give this group some attention that they deserve once those reporters and writers log in.
The rural poor are receiving subsidies toward farming and agriculture. Without it food would be far more expensive for everyone. We're all supporting each other. And yes, I realise some farmers are stupid wealthy because of it, but far more would have nothing at all without it.
Race to the bottom eh? Private sector used to do pensions too, but I guess you supported them doing away with that as well.
I think he said he's like 90% a work redditor so we may not hear from him til tomorrow.
OH WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK.
This thing goes so deep. That incident in Afghanistan yesterday? Special Ops going in to silence the Taliban and their involvement in the cover up.
Are you having a face to face interview? When I was asked if I had ever conspired to over throw the government that kind of threw me for a loop. Then when they asked about sensitive family stuff I said "are you sure you really want to go down that rabbit hole." The investigator said in past interviews people have cried when that kind of stuff comes up.
Keep in mind, if you are renting your apartment you would most likely be violating the terms of your lease by renting out space in your apartment through AirBnB and would totally be grounds for eviction if the LL found out. Not everyone cares about that risk, however, and do it anyway.
Do you notice the conversations or articles getting progressively more worrisome? I ask because I plan on entering the housing market in about 4 years and wonder where the worry was focused circa 2008 and how the sky-is-falling mantra progressed. The market bottomed out around 2012 if I recall correctly so I'm really just crossing my fingers that the timeline repeats. Right now it's a joke so I'm just watching closely while I save.
Yea I'm just bothered with my current market (Chicago). I have to remember that some parts of the city continue to get attention while others continue to be neglected, swaying values considerably. The burbs are still very affordable, so I guess to assume values are peaking soon is pretty illogical when the variables involved today are not the same as they were.
She's had a pretty good record speaking out for an increase in pay for teachers only to have them be laid off months later. Failed her job of protecting teachers during the school closings, never proposed reasonable alternatives to the city, and consistently is ignoring the real economic issues that face the city and CPS while demanding more. The biggest reason why people have such a disdain for CPS is because of CTU and Karen Lewis.
She's been in the Union since the 80's and became prez in 2010 I believe.
How do you think TSCA places the burden of proof on EPA? When it comes to PCBs, lead, and asbestos, anyone who wants to operate as a handler of sorts of those items or owns something that contains it has to follow quite a bit of rules pertaining to it. I mean just getting a permit to operate as a PCB treatment, storage, or disposal facility is quite a long and daunting process and nobody wants to go through with it.
I'm not complaining about anything. I work in remediation I'm well aware of it's needs. I just wasn't sure what you meant about the burden of proof being on the EPA.
I feel like I'm the only one who enjoys strolling around navy pier on this sub.
It is. It's one of the quietest and safest neighborhoods in the city.
That's how a lot of the government agencies are. I work for another one and any disagreement, so long as it isn't criminal, can be easily discussed via letter/phone call.
Ravenswood and I pay 1400 for a really nice 2 bed 1 bath apt. It's maybe about 1000 sq ft and in a very well maintained building. Compared to other places I saw this was a good deal.
During the great mod exodus of 2014, the guy who ran the flairbot stopped supporting it so everyone's flair went away. Afterwards flairs were enabled so that anyone could type anything as their flair so we had like 40 mayors. When the new mods were selected they updated their available flairs but I had already typed in Ravenswood when it was a free for all so I got to keep it. They went with community areas rather than neighborhoods since they are permanent (and neighborhoods are subjective), so that's what you are stuck with.
Difficulty won't matter and 1099s still qualify. They draw the line at rental income, but most other types qualify if I remember correctly. I helped a lady go back three years and ammend her previous returns after she learned she was getting screwed over by her estranged husband who was claiming her kids when they would have qualified as her dependents. That was fairly tedious, and far more time consuming than what you described. Bear in mind the lines can be long so plan on going as soon as the tax sites open for the season. Make sure you have all of your documentation as well because you don't want to sit in line twice. You can always call their hotline with questions. I'm unsure about the out of state income thing though (assuming you are still in Illinois but earned income elsewhere). I don't think it would matter since you generally pay taxes based on where you live (but it depends on the states involved).
There's currently an /r/askreddit thread about this with loads of potential questions.
/r/legaladvice This seems like it might go beyond the scope of this sub. Someone dispersed a loan amount to some company, and they accepted it. If your campus did not accept it, then there is something else going on. Can you have Sallie Mae provide proof that they paid the loan and to whom? Did they pay it to the wrong company, or did you have them disperse it to the wrong office/campus location?
White Plains Beach is a solid alternative to Sandy if you're newer and would like something better than freaking Waikiki. The surf's pretty intense but nowhere near Sandy levels, and at least when I lived on the islands it was never crowded. Just be careful of the rocks. It's near a reef I think so there are some surprised jagged edges on the floor.
I believe /u/mattfromchicago might be able to help. I think he was the one who said he works a job that gives him easy access to things like this.
I thought this was an interesting opinion piece and really drives home what we talk about here and the effect it has on the city, even if it wasn't the intent. People coming here or staying here after college or whatnot, having kids and building stroller armies while trying to stick it out, only to succumb to the stresses of trying to build a family in a 3rd floor 1000 sq. ft. walk-up apartment. In their wake they leave neighborhoods more expensive than they were, filled to the rim with suburban chain stores and overpriced developments that were built mainly to attract the very people that end up leaving anyway. While they prefer to stay city dwellers forever, they can't manage the hassles and eventually revert back to the life they likely originally knew and grew up around in the burbs.
Totally agree. There are parts of the city that work better for that than others certainly, but the burbs are clearly an easier time for a family of 4+ while maintaining some level of affordability. It's just interesting to see the degree to which this occurs. It's an anecdotal example, but when she said all five of her friends have left and she was the last one, it certainly is a trend and has a lasting effect on the area. Maybe LP isn't the best example since it's always been pricey, but you've gotta wonder what is happening in other areas like Logan, Wicker, or even Pilsen.
I would love to get into a place in Irving, Jefferson, or even Edison or Beverly. Hopefully in the next 4 years the housing market begins to cool off, but I'm not holding my breath. I've seen some well maintained places out there get listed for around 250k and get picked up in a matter of weeks above asking.
What was it like buying at that time? Wasn't there are pretty short time period between peaks in housing prices? I've read there were two peaks in the 70's which was pretty uncharacteristic of trends.
This is one of my more favorite /r/chicago troll accounts.
Yea that was so infuriating. How can he think for a second he would be an appropriate president of the US and think it's OK to insult the citizens of the US just because they don't share the same fucked up morals.
Considering how the turmoil in the ME is more or less connected with the west's actions in the ME in response to 9/11, how that connection between New York and 9/11 didn't cross his mind once even mid-sentence is telling of how terrible of a candidate he is.
Well he's a tow truck driver I believe.
Exact same thing is happening with the gf. Hopefully this is just an issue with them being new.
EPA was looking for authority to override the local governments' decision to make the switch without having the right treatment in place. By the time the region received a response the switch had already been done, along with the damage. State's rights, after all lmfao.
Sounds like you want the feds to be able to override the rights of the states.
Lol um no. This would be considered a nonpoint source of water pollution. Under these circumstances federal enforcers cannot typically override decisions of the state. This is one of the places where federal regs are weak. Only state and local governments have a hand in shaping how federal laws are put in effect in instances like these. All the EPA can do is enforce the regs in a reactionary way. The onus is on the states and municipalities to comply with them.
I'll ask a different question. Do you think the EPA or even other federal agencies should have the ability to override the decisions of the states and their local governments? Because currently the EPA does not have that authority (nor should they).
The president has little authority over individual states outside of signing federal law. Per the Constitution. The onus is on the state and its agencies to actually follow the law.
Yea how bullshit. Admitting they aren't going to give him questions. God I hate these debates.
El Paraiso in Elgin. The one off of Rte. 20 and McClean. Best tacos in the area easily. Kicks the shit out of anything you would find out here in Chicago and are less than $3 each.
That's a very emotional and irrational response. Sounds like you wouldn't be interested in an actual discussion about how to handle this huge debt burden. That's an issue of past decisions that we can't undo.
That's one of the reasons that I refuse to own a place where I'm sharing a wall with someone else. These HOA fees are nuts. And if you're part of an HOA that includes other buildings as well, you'll face months where you might need to pay even more in the event something happens to one of theirs. Although, not having to worry about furnaces, a roof, or a poorly built building might certainly be comforting.
I don't think people *wanted* this for CPS. Expected? Sure.
Another example: AK Steel was the world's leading supplier of electrical steel until they hired a guy from China. He had worked there (I think at their Zanesville, OH facility) for a few months learning how it was made. When he finally learned enough he stopped showing up. The company did a pretty intensive investigation to see where he ended up, and learned he went back to China. Years later their biggest competitor with that type of steel is the very company this Chinese dude went back to. And there is nothing they can do about it. They files DoJ complaints up the wall, but to no avail.
Goddamn, took me an hour to get to LaSalle and VB. When did you get on? I got on at about 9.
&gt; We were either going to sell both or one of our cars. I would recommend keeping one of them. No matter where you live, you'll find having two cars is significantly more of a hassle than just having one. Finding parking, dealing with street sweeping, annual city stickers (which you will need to get), etc. Having one car though, can make getting to certain parts of the city far easier. Going north and south is easy, but going east and west isn't as simple. After a while you can decide if you want to get rid of that other one too. &gt; How early are we talking in terms of free parking? 5am 6am? I can only speak to the area around UIC, I never had an issue during any time of the day. Most of the residential streets are zoned, so if you're driving in those are out. The earlier the better though. I would have people park on Loomis just north of Van Buren, or on Van Buren. It's relatively close to UIC-West and not zoned. You might be able to get a student parking pass for the garages though, which might be worth it - I knew plenty who did. &gt; Brightport/Pilsen sounds promising. Is that the city or suburbs? Bridgeport*. City. South of Roosevelt and UIC. It's a neighborhood you can Google to see where it is. Diverse and cheap area with a lot of families, but not as much night life. Street parking is plentiful. I would have lived there if it weren't for the gf.
I can only hope. A new building went up across the street from me with "luxury" units that go for 2 times more than my rent and aren't much nicer, save for in unit laundry and SS appliances. If my LL decides to go money hungry based on this I would have to leave. Staying where it is or even having a very small increase would be very welcome compared to what *could* happen.
Yea we are forgoing the kids ourself for this reason. We aren't even in an area as pricey as yours and the costs of living are still too high for us considering other goals we have.
I bet you could sell this to the Wolf Point people so they can put it on their website to advertise.
Beats the hell out of that shirtless runner that was all over the news from Chicago. Let's make this guy famous!
Even the ones who do come up here often only do so for a few years because this is where the money is and resume buffers are. As far as civil engineering goes, we've got CH2M, MWH Global, AECOM (sorta), Thornton Tomasetti, Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, and the list goes on. Spend a few years at these places, which recruit heavily from UIUC, and you can move back to Anytown, USA and set yourself up for life.
No she went through Harken. That's another fiasco, because the rep told her that her script was in a tier that meant out of pocket was $10. She shows up to Walgreens to find out it in fact is NOT in that tier, and her out of pocket will be $250. She called the rep and his response was "hurr durr I thought it was in a different tier hurr hurr." She should have checked for that in writing but that's neither here nor there.
Thanks, last we checked she wasn't but some things have changed so we'll have a second glance.
I'll be at x-sport in Lakeview in a few hours, I can check across the street at WF to see if it's there early if you're curious.
As far as filing jointly and what not, it would be fairly simple to do a side by side comparison as to what would happen depending on your choice. My sister was in the same boat and was freaking when she got married because she thought her payments would skyrocket under PAYE or IBR or whatever she is in. They compared side by side and saw how much of a difference it would be and the choice was clear.
Yup nothing there either.
Holy...Where is this? George Washington U?
Indiana
Glad to see that /r/TrueReddit has become another echochamber of /r/politics. Whatever happened to that rule where you needed to submit a submission statement along with the article?
I guess I haven't been paying much attention. The stickied post right now seems like it's giving users the ability to remove posts themselves based on some key words. I don't see why Automod couldn't remove posts that didn't have a comment starting with "Submission Statement" after the first 10 minutes if the mods' proposal is possible. Didn't it used to do something like that? Sorry if I'm beating a dead horse, especially if I've been ignorant of this the last few months.
I don't know... &gt; He shoved his face into my chest and bit the side of my breast in a very playful, cutesy, aren't-I-being-funny way. And &gt; "I've had directors ask me out on dates and, when I've said no, they have punished me by taking away parts … some stopped talking to me completely. I've had my ass grabbed, I've been kissed against my will, I've received harassing text messages, and I've been sexualized on stage for 'the sake of comedy' too many times to count." probably goes beyond being awkward, especially if it's an adult. There's a reasonable expectation that they would be aware of those kinds of no-no's. However, the term harassment *is* ripe for abuse. "If it isn't wanted, it's harassment." It's pretty easy for someone who is incredibly socially inept to say or do something unwanted but without the intent of causing discomfort. I'm sure there's a lot of that, as you say, but I wouldn't write this person's experience off.
Right? It even quoted Zillow, but I just went on there and not even a single unit is going for anywhere near that.
It's telling me that I can easily afford to live alone in Lincoln Park but can't afford to live where I currently do.
It's reasons like this that I feel I should get a fake Twitter account, because it's the only way you can actually reach out to companies and expect a response.
Well there are probably a few others too. Don't forget other expenses go up independent of income, like say for example health care. All the blame can't be placed on dual income households.
That reminds me of [this guy](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/help-my-short-position-got-crushed-and-now-i-owe-e-trade-10644556-2015-11-19). Everyone called him an idiot, which was pretty justifiable, but had Shkreli not stepped in Campbell would have made bank since KBIO completely dropped out for a good month after M.S. got arrested (which it was doing before M.S. stepped in). People would have hailed him as a genius for timing the market so well.
This read like a puzzle in Zelda. Or finding the Regis in Pokemon.
There aren't any controls or regs in place for fracking, and that is the issue. Fracking itself is not an issue, and once we get safeguards in place it'll be a fine energy source.
OP: I'm not interested in hearing about "climate change isn't real" or "it's overblown", or whatever it is. ITT: "climate change isn't real", "it's overblown" It's like a HuffPo comment section in here.
Sweet! More housing stock!
I understood the question as being directed at people who fit in the "I accept climate-change theories, but..." camp. But yes, admittedly it was a horribly worded post given the sub we're in.
Oh man, I'm sure there will be people hurling feces all over the place over this. Downstate blaming Chicago and the budget, Exelon blaming Springfield, Rauner blaming Madigan and vice versa, etc. Wonder how long before someone blames Obama. Fun times.
The only reason why things are recyclable is because there is a market for manufacturers willing to collect goods from the disposal company. If the items are soiled then manufacturers won't want it so it'll just end up as trash anyway (and the disposal co. just wasted a bunch of time and money). My guess is because they wash everything *before* sorting, and because water and oil/grease don't really mix it creates this weird film that gets all over everything. They may not even sort at all, so if that happens then it makes sense that they would make a blanket statement and discard the whole bin. The film really only affects paper products. Glass, plastics and metals are pretty much unaffected. If you don't sort properly though, the result is our asinine program where it all gets tossed. I'm sure there are costs involved with sorting and nobody wants to spend money on that, but to me if you're going to have an effective program you need to design based on how it will actually be used, not how you intend for it to be used. Edit: Chicago uses Single Stream Recycling. [Here's an NPR piece about how imperfect it is.](http://www.npr.org/2015/03/31/396319000/with-single-stream-recycling-convenience-comes-at-a-cost)
Keep in mind they are very good at taking pictures that make units look way bigger than they are.
This is how it typically works in a MRF (materials recovery facility). There are magnets and sensors galore that will separate out what can be detected/recycled/analyzed from that which can't, and as you go down the assembly line you start to find less and less that belongs in a dump. There are usually workers stationed along side it who remove things that can clog machinery or that experience tells them won't pass the test (like pizza boxes). What happens in Chicago? Who the fuck knows. Economics is what I imagine they argue, but lets not pretend City Hall and their contractors are the bastion of sound economic thinking.
Some haulers do this, like Flood Brothers, but they likely have their own facility that allows them to sort properly. If you live in a larger complex you aren't using city haulers but an independent one.
Especially since he has the nerve of being governor for only the last 2 years. Yea, fuck that guy.
What kind of camera? I can zoom in for days and read almost all the lettering.
Yup this is pretty much it. There is no logical reason to spend this much money on rent. Developers and management cos charge that because they pretty much have to, but also because they can. People see "new" and "luxury" and think they need to have it and the price is reasonable but it really isn't. Just because all the appliances are stainless steel doesn't mean it's worth an extra $1000/mo. compared to similar places with older appliances. The extra $1000/mo just paid off all of those appliances over the first year. They keep your beer just as cold as my old ass fridge, and I don't pay a premium for it. That level of logic is completely skirted among these people.
It depends on your people skills really. On the client side you will be dealing with regulators and professions of all kinds and you'll need to have a good grasp of the different subjects they'll be interested in. You'll then have to be able to match that with the client's interests while also appeasing the regulators too, which will be shrouded in legal frameworks on top of the technical ones. It's interesting and though not as technical as many engineers would like, it's complex in its own right. If you prefer technical work you may not enjoy it so much as it will be boring, but if you like a mix then I would say to consider it.
I saw them together back in like 2007 or 2008 I believe and yes, it would be worth the investment.
They played deadbolt at Riot Fest Chicago last year and everyone was singing along. So glad they're back.
I've gotta see this. I mean wtf, is this real? How could that have been allowed to happen like that? Please tell me some beekeepers have been called. I've got a coworker who is one who would love to take that away.
Yea people are crowded around taking pictures right now and they don't seem annoyed.
Between bees and falcons I've concluded that you live at the zoo.
Globe Pub. Get there now.
You can get really nice and efficient patio doors for cheap. I know Peachtree has an all fiberglass sliding door with a wood grain that looks super nice and is like $700 or something. And you can paint it or stain it just the same by some sort of magic.
I loved that guy. He was on Jackson and Wells for a while, and biking into the loop while he's playing that either made me feel like royalty or like it was Christmas. It really tied my commute together.
She and her husband used to play together but now it's just her, which makes me sad. They made those instruments by hand.
Too bad for him Tammy Duckworth called him out on his silence first before he spoke out. He's already struggling and this seems reactive so I don't see this helping him very much.
Except he isn't reaching all of the voters. His approach has caused quite a bit of divisiveness among people and really highlights the disconnect between so many in the same country.
&gt; Yeah, it's harder to obtain a mortgage but I wouldn't be surprised if there's subprime loans as a % than what we being handed out pre-recession. To me that's basically what FHA loans are. Save for vets, I know people who have no business buying a home starting the process because they can get a loan with nearly nothing down either because they can't save or just haven't saved. Not to mention in Chicago, where I live, prices are inflated because there is nothing of value for sale. So people are over paying in a tight market with no money down.
So long as construction of additional rental units keeps up, it theoretically should. People who are over paying for shitty units will have the option to move up for the same price to a nicer and newer place and free up the lower end places. If people are really moving out, that effect should compound. The only way I could see this not happening is if landlords start upgrading their units to compete with the higher end units, but it's not like smaller LLs all have enough dough to do that. Here's hoping.
Considering how common this is for so many in your position (mid-twenties, new job), there is nothing special about this. Don't let the door hit ya!
I'm a fan but only because I managed to sucker them into giving me a normalized rate of $21/mo. Their normal rate isn't worth it.
I say get out of the south bay area if you don't have strong ties to it.. You're getting a decent salary but way too low for your area. You can go pretty much anywhere else with a much lower cost of living, and at worst make only a little less than what you're being paid. Your OT is pretty sweet though, it's basically flextime which I get too and that extra PTO is wonderful. I get 3 day weekends all the time without dipping into normal PTO. You won't get that everywhere. For example, in Chicago anyone I know who got hired with a bachelors and worked as an s.e. started between 55k - 60k, which according to Bank Rate would be a bit over 80k in SF, while you're getting an equivalent salary of about 40k. Some here started around 62k (94k in SF) but that was at a company with high turnover lay offs for entry level. I was offered a s.e. job in the burbs with a cheap cost of living for about 50k with a small firm, and I hardly had anything to bring to table other than reciting code and equations.
Try [Gompers Park!](http://www.chicagoparkdistrict.com/parks/gompers-park/gompers-park-pool/)
Plenty of parks and golf courses are built on old hazardous waste landfills, so just having contaminated fill is no biggie.
The idiots in this sub who believe this are the most idealistic nitwits in existence.
10 days with kids right off Michigan? You have access to the coolest parks and museums. Maggie Daley Park is right there, and the museums are very easy to access where you are. Wednesdays and Saturdays have free fireworks off of Navy Pier, and also the Children's Museum at Navy Pier. Think about getting a sitter for 1 or 2 nights and check out the neighborhoods too.
Let this be a lesson as to why you should read the whole sentence, and not just parts of it.
What a fall. 50 years ago it was a huge shopping district, and now this. I wonder if other hot neighborhoods of today will see the same fate in 50 years.
Everyone I knew who went to Oakton then transferred into a 4 year engineering program did very well and were really smart. I don't know what they are doing there but it's clearly working.
This....might be better than the Zero Gravity post.
Considering how they have to fly to get to the balconies, I say they deserve it. They don't even have wings!
Make sure the Red Line is on there.
That's my thought as well. People don't do well when there are too many options to choose from. Keeping up with 2 is hard enough, you really think the general populace could handle more?
I love how in this thread people are defending Uber by taking issue with consumer protection laws because they feel they might cause prices to rise, cause a system or business to fail, etc. What do they think the Department of Public Health does? Exactly that, but it ensures people aren't getting E. coli every time they go to Nando's. I'm sure they aren't complaining about that, though. People here even celebrate when places get shut down by the DPH. The same principles are being applied here, but with Uber/Lyft.
&gt; But what if those consumer protections cause those systems to fail? This is essentially the same argument that people use who oppose regulations such as occupational safety, environmental protection and public health. Not saying that everything needs to be regulated, but with how widespread and integrated Uber/Lyft has become in our day to day life, additional protections are needed just as they would be for construction sites, waste disposal and food prep.
It's only a one-day class to get the license though, right? Doesn't seem to be restrictive to anyone other than those who just don't want to do that. If you're part time and don't want to do it, just like any other job there will be someone else who will.
I think everyone can agree that rules and regs always make it harder for people to enter into a market, no matter what it is. And yes, they essentially serve to weed out people who won't want to take extra steps for safety and security. Some people care about that, and some people don't. The philosophy here is likely that the opinions of those who want more safety trumps those who don't want it. Among other thing$.
And? That leaves room for other ride share companies to move in and fill the gap if people so choose. That's what regulations do - those who don't wish to comply can't compete, and those who do reap the benefits. There are a lot of smaller ride share companies out there that don't get the same attention that Uber/Lyft does for whatever reason that could fill the void if they choose to follow the regs. Leaked docs indicate that Uber is already operating at a loss anyway, so even without these regs they aren't doing well.
That's two sentences, where the OP said one, so like a typical corrupt Chicagoan you just want to change the rules to benefit yourself and get rich off of karma.
It's simply a guideline, and a pretty useful one IMO. Obviously individuals will need to adjust it according to their own lifestyles and expectations, but it's a good starting point based on average lifestyles and monthly bills.
What's your point? And if they went to 50% I'm sure there would be hardly anyone to report on. If it was 15% (like me) then most of the city would probably be in trouble. The point is that the championed guideline is being exceeded by a lot of people, and if you do the math as to why that guideline exists, it would mean that people aren't putting a lot away for emergencies or retirement or as the article points out, shopping and making healthy choices. Just because you don't agree with it doesn't make it BS.
I imagine things like car and health insurance have risen considerably, as well as other line items like student loan debt that made people adjust the guideline. Maybe saving rates aren't very high according to most people's needs either. As others have pointed out, it's been the guideline for quite a while now.
A guideline by definition is not something set in stone and something everyone acknowledges is arbitrary and dependent on a lot of different factors, i.e., advice. The person making 20k is not your average person, nor is the person making 500k, so those guidelines will obvs not necessarily apply to them, however, for different reasons. The 20k person because they are fucked no matter what they do, and 500k person because they can light 30% of it on fire and not be too bothered by it. You're getting hung up on this for no reason.
Why are you so committed to this? Are you spending more than 30% and upset that this article is calling you out? It's a guideline, and you can do whatever the fuck you want with it, as can everyone else. Jesus christ.
This is what people here don't seem to get. Uber and Lyft aren't some a god-like companies with business models that nobody could ever replicate. There are numerous other and smaller ride sharing companies in existence that nobody uses for a variety of reasons who could easily fill the voids if these big players were to leave the Chicago market. There is a shit ton of money to be made here and enough of a disdain for cabs that people are willing to try anything. Uber/Lyft just marketed very well so that's what people use. Uber for one is operating at a loss, with only some of the major urban markets being profitbale. They grew faster than they could handle based off of a business model with few laws. They had internal controls that are very good, no doubt, and arguments can be made that Chicago's proposed laws are fixing a problem that doesn't really exist, and that this is also a money grab (everything in Chicago is a money grab), but consumer protection laws exist for very good reasons. A new company who can adopt new regs can easily move in and provide the same service AND comply with regs.
This is really all it seems like to me - them just wanting to get their way. This isn't a campaign to protect ride sharing, this is a campaign only to protect Uber and Lyft. Ride sharing is doing just fine and will continue to do just fine. It's these two companies that are going to struggle because their business models won't allow them to adjust or something, so they are using their size to threaten city hall.
The only difference between cabs and ride sharing is that cabs can pick people up willy nilly from anywhere at any time, and Uber provides some up front consent. Uber and Lyft provide some extra security for the passenger (pictures, license plate, make/model) and cabs really don't save for a medallion and a picture only once you get inside of it. That's a nice feature, but that's all it is. Maybe cabs should update their methods somehow to get with the times. Other than that they provide essentially the same service.
&gt; why do you think there was a need for them in the first place? There wasn't a **need** for them, there was a hole for them to fill and they did it. It just turns out the the hole that they filled is controversial, and industries are adjusting (or not). Vagina jokes.
That isn't an argument against the need for regs, if that's what you're doing. All you're saying is that they provide a better service than cabs, which is mostly true.
This is something that should be addressed by the city - not allowing cabs/chauffeurs/whatever to discriminate based on neighborhoods. I'm sure it isn't allowed, but it sure as shit isn't enforced either.
Well right, it's not easy to get, but by comparison using the app you have all of that info *before* you even get into the car whereas with cabs you wouldn't know if that wasn't the driver until you were already inside. It's small peace of mind IMO since you can just look as you're getting in, but a lot of people reasonably think it's a big deal.
The auction was based on the market rate for medallions, which was artificially inflated because of the limited availability and assholes who scooped them all up for cheap back in the day and held onto them. http://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20151124/NEWS10/151129923/chicago-struggles-to-auction-off-taxi-medallions http://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20130913/BLOGS02/130919888/city-asks-minimum-of-360-000-for-taxi-medallions
I just looked it up, and it seems that you can't get your chauffeur's license renewed if you have unpaid city debt, or if you don't have a payment plan set up. http://www.cityofchicago.org/content/dam/city/depts/bacp/publicvehicleinfo/publicchauffer/15faqchauffeurflyer20151229.pdf
Well regs are expensive, or more expensive than if you didn't have to comply with them. If you're an existing company that's suddenly hit with new ones when your business model, pricing and compensation is based on those regs not existing, you'll have to do some serious reevaluation. Considering that they are already operating at a loss (even if they have a lot of $$ coming in) they likely aren't going to do better with new regs. A new company, on the other hand, would be able to build the pricing structure and all that jazz on the regs since they are starting from scratch. They can also plan accordingly, and use Uber as a model to guide them.
Well those are some non-sequiturs, but what report? I haven't seen it. Dollars to donuts it was posted here and downvoted to oblivion.
Obama's been mired in a number of scandals, with Fast and Furious being the biggest one I think. If F&amp;F was Hillary's pet we would have heard far more about it than we did, but it was guns and drugs which are conservatives' fap fodder so I'm not surprised we didn't get a lot of press coverage even years later like Benghazi.
Did you even read your own link? &gt; a recent report by the State Department inspector general found that Clinton had broken government rules by using a private email server without approval, undermining Clinton's earlier defenses of her emails. It didn't say anything about "them" helping her set it up, unless there is a different report. The State report I saw pretty much laid into her not following protocols, and said that she didn't consult with any cybersecurity personnel.
It's a packaged deal in order to get a chauffeurs license. You can't have any outstanding city debt if you want the license. It isn't a separate requirement.
You sure it's just the battery? There were some Google services on mine that were running haywire, and a factory reset fixed it good as new. I'm back to getting about 2 days on a single charge even 3 years later.
You don't really want that to happen (as much as Reddit does), or if it does happen you want some sort of bankruptcy trust or other financial assurance mechanism in place to ensure that the federal government isn't left picking up the tab for any cleanup. Otherwise you end up with another Outboard Marine Corp. Chances are they would get hit with some sort of enforcement order and pay a hefty fine. These things don't usually result in a criminal proceeding but instead some sort of settlement.
Consent Agreement and Final Order?
That's what insurance is for. Keep track of hail, gather hail reports, etc. to give to insurance in case they argue against hail damage. If a tree falls on the car, well, then you get a new car.
Solution: Sleep in the car. If a tree falls, he has to be more worried about you than the car.
&gt; the city’s 1.1 million private sector workers Was anyone else surprised by this? That number seems exceptionally low.
Yup. GF is a hair stylist. 100% commission. So when she's sick she spreads 100% of whatever she had or else she gets 0% of wages.
We're all gonna die.
They say that it is a huge financial and time burden for the drivers to have to jump through all those hoops, especially when most of them are part time drivers. I call bullshit on the complaint. If they were really so concerned about the drivers they would cover the cost. They have more at stake since all the affected drivers collectively just wouldn't drive anymore.
There aren't a lot of approved fingerprinting and drug testing locations in the city so it can be a time consuming process. Cost wise though I think it's a stupid argument.
I feel like the big hesitation with the city lies with the medallion system. By deregulating cabs it pretty much forces the city to admit the system is archaic and kills the value of medallions that people have sunk life savings into. No investment is safe but still... Have other cities with similar systems deregulated cabs? Or have they completely and successfully classified ride sharing as a 100% separate entity? I'm just thinking about lawsuits aimed at the city if cabs were to be deregulated.
Right? Can you imagine how big their regulatory dept would have to be to be able to deal with every major city and their unique rules?
Parking in the city is very easy. Drive over to Wilson and Ravenswood and park anywhere over there. It's free in most places. Then call a cab or Uber to take you over there or take the Brown Line over.
&gt; questions from neighbors anxious about the already critical shortage of parking in the area. The most obvious indicator of them moving to the burbs soon anyway.
Why did you have to wait in the rain? Would they not let people up there during the storm?
Sooo...you're saying my reading comprehension should probably be revisited.
[Here's my favorite from /r/Chicago](https://www.reddit.com/r/chicago/comments/1cxl9h/another_amazing_shot_of_the_delorean_on_90/)
Not even in just Pilsen and BP. Those houses are everywhere in Noble Square too.
I'm fine with it, keeps rent low.
Similarly, a well maintained SFH brick bungalow in Gage Park will run you about 150k. Where I live in Ravenswood any well maintained SFH will run you over 1 million.
Didn't know this. So they used the same argument twice, and got two different results?
Yea I've parked there for the auto show back in my suburban days.
/r/politics is like the epitome of shitposting, and has been throughout the duration of this election season.
Yea I would love to have seen that project take place, and maybe in the next decade we'll have another chance, but now is not the time.
Yea I work for the feds and this is pretty common. If someone is trying to get a project started that needs approval and there are well funded NIMBY groups in the area, they will come up with any reason to fight it - relevant or not. I've worked on a few where they pull out because the battle ended up costing too much to justify keeping it going.
Just as vague. The city is a big place. I vote Rossi's.
Yea the alcohol thing is why a lot of our laws and justifications for them is stupid.
A friend of mine was hit by a stray bullet and killed in February. Plenty on that block knows who did it, but 4 months later and nobody has come forward. I'll be surprised if anyone does.
&gt; Chicago Area &gt; Galena &gt; Carbondale ...
Or your lung! I mean if you're smoking you don't seem to want it anyway.
I don't see why. The only way they would be negatively impacted is if states stopped requiring that cars be insured. I would imagine underwriting policies would be easier and payouts would be few and far between.
[/u/mandrsn1 right now](https://s3.amazonaws.com/colorslive/png/73453-cG4mSmTwQ7dU1_IS.png)
Ditto in parts of Chicago. Places worth buying get snatched up in 2 weeks for a premium. Places that have no business standing get snatched up in 4, also for a premium. Or you live in gang land.
Cloverfield.
Wanting oversight is fine, but adding more red tape for the officers to maneuver through will only add more inefficiencies. There comes a point where adding all this oversight becomes counterproductive, and it seems like we're at that point.
I find it interesting that you're more apologetic for people who willfully break laws, and less so for people who are tasked with putting them in prison and scrutinized during every step they take.
I guess at some point you have to pick a priority and accept the consequences of not choosing the other. It just seems in this day and age everyone is expecting business-like formality among beat cops while ignoring they are one slip up from getting caught by a bullet in gang land. That can't be easy. It's easy to criticize from OPs River North arm chair.
&gt; I think everyone wants the same thing but only disagree on how we get there. Agreed, which is a good scenario to be in IMO. If only that was the case in every political topic!
Yea it's really easy "to not see anything" when you've spent no effort looking for it. This whole scenario was written on the wall.
Yea, what he's saying are completely generic talking points. It ignores that nothing has stopped them from innovating over the past few decades of them monopolizing yet here we are with active campaigns to stop innovative gigabit in municipalities across the country.
&gt; many non-supporters rightfully complained and were mostly dismissed Thanks for acknowledging what many of us have suspected. I imagine this isn't the only arena where this dismissal is occuring.
I can't fathom paying 10k a year on top of mortgage and anything else. Holy what. That seems like such a whole different ball game to me.
/r/conservative would have to shut down since it's ran by high schoolers.
What I mean is just paying an extra 10k period. I mean they say to set aside 1% of your house value per year for maintenance, so that's like a $1 million home. It's just crazy money to me.
I work with someone who does this, no joke. BUT we have generous flex time and telework policies, so for him the once or twice a week trip is tolerable. It's been over a year since he started it. If you can't telework, I don't see you lasting that long.
Get your replacement license from your old state. You should still be able to, unless you have been here for a few months. You'll eventually have to take a written test eventually to get your Illinois license, though.
You should be able to call the Secretary of State's office and ask if nobody here can help. I don't think this would be in a FAQ anywhere on their page. Expect a lecture from them about you not getting your IL license when you should have. DMV people loooooove lecturing.
Didn't Paul Ryan also disagree with this move? Or was his disagreement more showmanship? I could see him saying it then never making an issue of it again.
Good, this is the kind of thing I hope to see more of.
I like him as my alderman, but I can't imagine that anyone else in a state that bleeds as red as Illinois does would like another Chicago politician in charge.
As I understand it he wasn't planning on running for Alderman again either way.
That place is the shit though, which is too bad. They get releases of everything. I remember after that Mariano's got built he looked so defeated and disappointed.
Thanks for sharing. 10,000 people are a lot, but at the same time a minority that I wouldn't have heard of. Not qualifying for Medicare and having your benefits eliminated is a double whammy. These people should be eligible for **something**. Now they would be reliant on Medicaid, which isn't good either.
This is going to fly to the Front Page, giving this more attention and possibly making things worse for him if things haven't gotten bad already.
Sure, it's possible and probable. For example I would prefer a third Obama term over this jackwagon. No solution is perfect, however we're getting a pretty good lesson in corruption, nepotism, cronyism and whatever other -isms there are. That needs to end. I would also like to see others have a voice who haven't been heard. It's why even though I hate seeing Trump in office and think he's a joke of a human being, clearly others who haven't been heard across the country needed to resort to drastic measures to hopefully get back into the spotlight.
I really have no idea. I could just as easily see it backfiring as people run for state office just as a means to propel them somewhere else without giving a rats ass about their constituents. I could see it as a "why bust your butt when you know you're going to be fired in 6 years?" kind of thing. There are arguments for both.
Not to mention how his as well as Chicago Alderman Edward Burke's law firms specialize in property tax appeals and assessments, fighting the very things that they helped write. It's a crock of shit and I hope they both choke on a syringe.
&gt; near businesses including Lincoln Quality Meats and Yogurt Square (closed for the season) DNAInfo prioritizes the strangest information.
Not mention the track record of some judges here. Their tendency to throw away what should be open and shut cases makes any charge a gamble.
For a lot of people there is a mental connection to the whole city, not just your neighborhood. Sometimes it isn't worth the mental turmoil of justifying your choice to live where you do when there are other places where you don't need to at all. I'm not I'm that group, but I can empathize with them.
Yup, shitheads from /r/T_D and other closeted/not-so-closeted racists are brigading this thing.
Come to think of I haven't seen many threads lately that end up spiraling off topic and everyone talking about lunch spots.
There is, they do it in /r/asktrumpsupporters. You can't post without flair, and only top level comments can be made by people flaired as supporters. A little easier for them to control because actual supporters will be obvious, so maybe it wouldn't really work here as intended.
There are plenty of others from that place that spew this kind of garbage all over. One of those, "zebras are striped animals, but not all striped animals are zebras" kind of thing.
It's looking at their post history. It's also why I listed the two groups separately.
This is why this bill is blowing smoke. Last time this was proposed only one other cosponsor could be found. Federal employees are free and easy votes. Slashing their pay and their jobs and making them political targets is a sure fire way to never get their votes. &gt; Although Griffith has few federal workers in his poor and rural southwest district, Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.) noted that many of Griffith’s constituents rely on federal programs. Proposing this is a great way to get votes from the lowest common denominator voters who believe anything their representative tells them, with little chance of it actually passing. If it did pass, it will have no effect on the sponsors and congressional voters because they represent areas with constituents easily manipulated. Most politicians don't have this luxury.
And they put them all on the bean!
I swear people have just started watching hockey this week.
I guess that will help make sure trolls won't show up and ruin what should be a clean and fun evening for a lot of people.
&gt;Stop watching CNN, WaPo, and HuffPo. They're trying to create a bigger divide in our country by constantly attacking Trump. Similarly, stop watching Breitbart, Fox News, and listening to Rush Limbaugh. They've been trying to create a bigger divide in our country by constantly attacking Obama.
Seems like most of Washington supports the sanctions. Paul Ryan even supported it.
This is what I don't get. For example, getting from Chicago to Milwaukee should be a piece of cake by train however we still don't have it like we should. A high speed rail means an hour commute between the two downtown areas. It is currently about 2 and doesn't even take you to the heart of downtown MKE.
&gt; Paul Ryan is done. No he isn't. He was voted back as Speaker with ease. Wisconsin voters will keep him there. &gt; And who cares what Washington supports? Collectively, everyone who voted for the people in Washington probably care what Washington supports.
Yea I'm aware of the shoring requirements, but I can't find anywhere that discusses when sloping is required if any such requirements exist. Thanks, though
Looks like [here](https://www.osha.gov/pls/oshaweb/owadisp.show_document?p_table=STANDARDS&amp;p_id=10932) it is a little more clear: &gt; 1. All simple slope excavation 20 feet or less in depth shall have a maximum allowable slope of ¾:1. "All" and "shall" scream to me that what they are proposing wouldn't fly with OSHA. Thanks!
&gt; 1. All simple slope excavation 20 feet or less in depth shall have a maximum allowable slope of ¾:1. "All" and "shall" scream to me that what they are proposing wouldn't fly with OSHA. Thanks!
Also, do you know if this ONLY applies if pits are going to have workers in it? The language at the top seems to indicate that.
The USPS is self funded, however restricted by the feds it may be. It's intellectually dishonest to compare tax dollar funded orgs to non-tax dollar orgs to make the point people here are trying to make.
They don't get a check for 18 billion, that figure is determined by assigning a dollar value to their "monopoly" as conservatives put it. http://fortune.com/2015/03/27/us-postal-service/ That number is a series of if/then statements to make a point against them, which really is a load of bullshit because there's hardly a way to test it.
I wouldn't say he's cherry picking, just repeating an incredibly misleading report written by a group with an agenda to privatize everything. They call borrowing at a cheaper interest rate and the laws granting their existence a subsidy, which is a flat out lie.
And in many instances they have not accounted for this brain drain by taking on younger workers to fill the void. Example: My office in the government. A workforce of about 1000 employees. 20 of us are under the age of 30, nearly half are over 50.
Question about short term health insurance: My girlfriend is eligible for subsidies through the Marketplace, so that isn't an issue, but when trying to find a plan the Marketplace website said she may be eligible for Medicaid (for some reason, wages are well over that amount) so we had to wait for the state determination. Because of the wait time, she started shopping around to see other options and stumbled on a broker pitching short term plans for cheaper than her current plan was. She signed up while waiting for the Medicaid determination (we knew she wouldn't get it, but they were taking so long and time was running out). She paid her first month premium in addition to the broker fee for this short term policy through National General, and a few days later Illinois denied her and she was able to sign up for a Marketplace policy that was only a few dollars more than the short term with the subsidies. After cancelling her short term policy, the broker emailed her asking why and she explained. He argued making some claims in writing that, [according this](http://obamacarefacts.com/insurance-exchange/short-term-health-insurance/), didn't sound right at all: &gt; 1) "Most people are doing this because of the uncertainty from the election" - **sent over email.** &gt; 2) She would not be subject to the tax penalty - **sent over email.** &gt; 3) It meets minimum essential coverage - **sent over mail.** Claim (1) seems like complete bullshit because I haven't found one source that backs that up. I see that there has been a problematic surge in sign ups for these policies, but nothing that says most people are doing this. Every source says that if you can get qualifying coverage you absolutely should. Claim (2) seems bullshit because the policy packet says that she would be subject to the penalty. I'm aware that there are probably blanket laws that say these policies have to come with these disclaimers. I'm also aware of the 14 exemptions from the penalty, and she doesn't fall under any of them. He also never asked about her income, and she's over 30 so even if she did fall under one he didn't ask any questions that would allow him to reach that conclusion. Claim (3) seems bullshit because the policy packet says it does not meet minimum essential coverage. Was this broker lying? Are there actually short term policies that qualify as MEC? If the broker is lying or is sorely uneducated and mistaken, is there a way that I can report him? I fear that if this is bad information he is giving out, a lot of people are going to be surprised at tax time next year. Again, she has qualifying coverage and the bad policy is cancelled so at this point it doesn't matter for us, but if I can do something to battle unethical behavior I absolutely will. Thanks!
Obama was pretty damn effective against a group led by The Old Turtle and Boehner that explicitly said they will stand in his way. If Trump is as effective as he says he is and is actually interested in challenging the swamp dwellers this shouldn't be a problem for him.
Nope. Almost a year ago a friend was hit by a stray bullet. One of I think 17 victims in the first week of February last year. Her story caught a lot of air time here and elsewhere in the country. A year later she's still just a statistic, and her killer is still out there. People know who did it, but won't come forward. Hopefully for this guy it's different.
[Here's my post](https://www.reddit.com/r/chicago/comments/44rwpk/for_any_of_you_who_saw_the_thread_on_saturday/)
Her hair stylist ended up reaching out to me after that. She had just had her hair chopped and was super nervous. He took a whole bunch of pictures of her, kinda like a mini photo shoot. I gave him contact info for her bf and brother, who also reached out on Reddit. Hopefully they got them. It was a cool gesture. Reddit causes some pretty cool things to happen sometimes.
Yup these chains are getting old. I would rather have mom and pop shops than chains any day of the week.
Man I've heard so much conflicting info here. My mom's tax guy said I couldn't claim myself while I was in school, even though I was 100% self supported so my refunds were usually shit. Every year I did it both ways and could have benefited so much more, but every year I was told I couldn't.
Looking back I remember having this exact conversation, so yes this was the logic at some point. Still never got that cash though.
I'm the same way. I would love to buy something in the next year or two, but property owners will be the first people targeted for revenue when shit hits the fan. I want the flexibility to be able to abandon ship in the likely event it happens, or be able to jump on cheaper luxury condos because everyone else has jumped ship.
Your district is a shit hole, but good too see the logic of his voters.
Public sector unions absolutely do have a place. Government and public sector workers by and large are susceptible to political purging when the discussions start changing directions. A public union helps prevent otherwise good workers become targets of political agendas. But like anything else, power can become an issue when they become a lobbying force. Edit:. Man, this sub really does have a blanket hate of unions. Shameful.
I can't believe the Tribune published this crock of shit.
I see most people who say this, who are the vast minority, get downvoted to shit when they do.
No, they shouldn't be allowed to influence government policy and amendment decisions. They should be allowed to exist, however limited to only protecting employees from things like whistleblowing repercussions or political ideology agendas within their respective offices, as examples. Otherwise you'll have things like we have with D.C. republicans right now, with alleged hit lists and attempts at being able to target individual employees and fire them for reasons unrelated to job performance. Everyone agrees Illinois unions have abused their power and politicians have let them. The politicians should be the ones booted, like Madigan, and sensible reform should be implemented. Otherwise, by blaming public employees and removing protections people like Rauner will be able to purge them like D.C. House Reps are trying to do.
Is it just me, or are there a lot of new posters here that are way out of line these days?
Dog walking or dog sitting through Rover is a good option.
&gt; About 1:10 a.m., 36-year-old Marlon Pollard was standing outside in the 2200 block of West Chicago in the Ukrainian Village neighborhood when someone in a black SUV opened fire, striking him in the abdomen, face and left leg. The Evanston resident died in less than an hour at Stroger, authorities said. This one seems odd, being that it was on the main drag in Ukrainian Village and a guy from Evanston. Any info on this? Edit: nevermind, [gang related](http://www.chicago.suntimes.com/news/man-shot-critically-wounded-in-ukrainian-village/amp/)
Eh, you can't really look at 2 years of data to say one thing or another. It's what deniers do too, which is wrong.
Nope, not anymore. Was just there and they had a sign up saying dogs aren't allowed inside anymore.
What do they do about the third rail? Isn't everyone grounded?
There are, but you know how people can be. "Look! I'm a gymnast!"
You wanna see gerrymandered? Look at the Ward 2 lines.
Nice try, DNAInfo. Edit:. [And sure enough, here they are](https://www.dnainfo.com/chicago/20170119/wicker-park/cyclists-running-red-lights-chicago-wicker-park-ordinance-9-52-010b)
There are people on both sides of the aisle who see themselves as the bastion of safety and compliance with all laws on the matter. These are usually the people who show up on these threads to shout the "others" down.
If someone wanted to shoot someone else, it's likely they aren't all that concerned with federal law either.
Holy fuck I'm never going on DNAInfo's website on my phone ever again. All those ads make it cancer on mobile.
I had two part time jobs (about 32 hours/week total) and was the treasurer of my school's ASCE chapter. And had a girlfriend. Also was a key member on the concrete canoe and steel bridge teams the first year our school ever placed first overall in our regional conference. As proud as I am of myself for accomplishing all of that, holy fuck I wouldn't wish it upon anyone in the planet. All that stress is probably why I went bald young. My grades suffered too, so big named consultants wouldn't even give me the time of day. I had little room for negotiation when it came to job hunting so had to settle, despite all that I did. No regrets though.
I did a FOIA request a few years ago for this reason and they do deep cleanings and exterminations fairy often.
The U.S. is literally Cell.
We were looking at opening up a dog daycare/hotel in a lot of these places, but they are too damn small and rents are too damn high to **safely** operate one of these bad boys. Basically, these developers want restaurants in them. Restaurants have to spend a lot of money building them out, and the owners get to reap the benefits after the restaurant closes because of all the plumbing and electrical needed without footing the costs. The next tenant gets that convenience of having it built out, and they get to charge more for rent.
Yea that's what I'm wondering. If they are going to keep building more they are going to have to tear down or renovate something, right? It seems to be older and affordable places that are being replaced with the opposite. The flip side is yes, staff people will be competing with me for where I currently live (depending on their salary of course).
Yup. If all the new housing was of similar build and quality then the prices would adjust favorably for renters. This is obviously not the case here.
Pay off all that debt first. By only paying the minimum you are losing money each month. Pay off the debt, then start saving for a healthy down payment on a house. By that time your credit score should be looking much better.
Smokes gotta be almost a kilometer high already, I can see it from Ravenswood.
Nobody even asked him. Very suspicious.
About 1,776 small bald eagles standing on top of each other.
They did create that environment. The point of these global and national initiatives is so that you don't create an island of cleanliness, because as they say, shit flows down hill. Doesn't matter how clean Chicago is if Rockford is pumping chlorine gas into the air. Republicans can't grasp that everyone impacts everyone, and that we don't live in a vacuum.
Yea if the Dems get hijacked with too much of this Bernie stuff they can kiss 2018 good-bye. Not a single economic study suggests that 15/hr is sensible. 10.50-12/hr seems to be the sweet spot, but it's locality dependent.
There are A LOT of people who think that because their job might have to do with, say, making operations efficient, that no matter the industry they are perfectly qualified to not consult with people working in that industry. There was a thread in /r/asktrumpsupporters that I was following, where someone thought that because they work to lean out businesses, they don't need to consult with Air Traffic Controllers about the day to day life and where they see the efficiencies. Despite them never setting foot in a control tower before. When underqualified people are given the reigns, you get a Betsy DeVos in every office.
I think it's absurd that people who have no experience working in industry X think their tangential experience qualifies them for dictating policy affecting industry X.
This is the kind of reporting that the trib does that earns them a subscription. Even though their website is still trash.
The job thing is obvious but not the only option. Plan B was to have been born 50 years ago and have bought in the city when it wasn't as glamorous as it is now. North Center is filled with homes owned by middle class people who have simply lived there forever, as an example.
Regardless what you think of the game, it's pretty cool that of every city on the planet they chose Chicago to host the event.
Look as far north as Uptown, Edgewater and Rogers Park if you don't want to spend an obscene amount of money. South you could look at Pilsen, Bridgeport or Hyde Park. Look at Google maps to see if those are close enough to the lake. If you're seeing $2000 you're looking at the swanky hoods.
Yup my office has a clear view of that. It's awkward for everyone when we are looking out and see someone putting on a show. Looking up at the exercise yard, you see a huge audience.
Yea having financial and even job stability makes it a lot easier to make these decisions. What I think is that housing has gotten to the point where there aren't many desirable places you can live that don't require two incomes to save up for a down payment or be able to pay the mortgage while saving for retirement. They key word is desirable, and I don't know about you but if it is between living in a locale with no soul but owning a home vs. living in a place with some excitement but not affording a down payment, the sacrifice is pretty easy for me. I can buy a home in Aurora, IL if I wanted right now, but what am I going to do on my Saturdays? Mow the lawn? No thanks.
As far as Chicago goes, some burbs are taking clues and seeing that millennials are the new target demographic. They are allowing for more dense construction, putting in bike lanes, and naturally, building houses out of avocado toast. Those have even gotten to be very pricey, sometimes even out pricing Chicago homes. The ones that haven't caught on are still suffering from the housing crash, with no improvements in site. Still, renting in all these places is absurd for what they are in many cases and plays into the fact that people just can't save up for a down payment in a halfway decent area for their wants and needs without that extra income. At some point the question becomes "do I really *need* to buy a house?"
I normally have no problem paying for all the great things we have in this city, but I'm getting less and less OK with paying for unrealistic promises old people in Florida made for themselves off the back of me. If CPS goofs, I don't want to be left holding the hot potato so that these people can keep playing golf in Naples.
I know someone who just made the move. Kept his job in Chicago, but since he only has to be in office 2-3 times a week, said it's really not that bad of a commute. I love MKE, but that's a but much IMO. I guess he's made train pals with people who have been doing that for years, and some every day.
Shout out to all those building multi-million dollar monstrosities. That extra 10% is going to really help us out!
Eh, I live next door to a church/food pantry up there, and around the corner from 2 other social service non-profits and there are never issues. Can't be that bad.
I have never seen the 11 bus since they brought it back, so I would agree completely.
Crain's single paragraph that's​ available before the paywall and lacks any detail is 10 times better then the majority of Zerohedge's entire articles. Mods, it's time to acknowledge this was a simple lapse of judgement. Nobody knows who you are, so nobody will care if you say, "we sun goofed, y'all want Crain's paywall, you got Crain's paywall."
I've never in my 8 years of biking here seen anyone on a bike completely stop at a stop sign. Plenty people yield, but stop? Hell no, and unless there's already a car there, I never will. Yielding is good enough. But yea Milwaukee is like that all day. Lincoln is better, but it's probably because different kinds of people live off of that compared to those off Milwaukee. Can't get away from shoaling though. Also, Damen, not Damon.
A friend of mine had the same dream, except she lived it. Moved out when her lease was up without a second thought. It will vary by unit, but hers was pretty meh and if not for the location would be considered a shit hole of epic proportions. She's glad she did it but it got old pretty fast.
There's been a few homeless people that have moved into the area under our many bridges and I've overheard neighbors while out at local restaurants complain that they are losing the neighborhood. They will have a fucking stroke if even a few break-ins happen, so it's a good thing half the people on Hermitage are probably doctors.
Do you know what happened to that guy in the wheelchair that slept under the montrose metra bridge during early-mid spring? That was heartbreaking to see.
Agreed, the burbs seem cheaper when looking at the necessary sticker prices, but once you factor in the other parts that make them work, the frequent expenses makes it a potentially pricey option.
&gt;"Jon is a good candidate, and there are many pragmatic libertarians who may be able to look past that," Illinois Libertarian Party Chairman Lex Green said. Exhibit A: Why context matters.
&gt;Way back when , the EPA approved the idea of importing them Never heard this before, do you have a source? Briefly looked and didn't see anything specifically saying that.
Thanks, I always thought it was US Fish and Wildlife that actually brought them over, but it makes sense EPA funded studies as well. Still a little disingenuous to say they brought them over though.
I remember playing Ichiro in Backyard Baseball. Insane he's still around and still a force in the game.
Is it just me or do all those gay hater types look the same? I swear I rember seeing that same tan bald headed dude in those mocking pictures from last year.
Pro: Power hungry and politically connected people like Madigan would be out of office after a few terms no matter what. Cons: Talented and skilled lawmakers who are absolutely looking out for the best interests of the state and their constituents would be out of office after a few terms no matter what. Also, knowing the ins and outs of running a state is a valuable trait, and term limits would make sure we have way too many rookies at one time. I was a fan because of Madigan, but really he is the cause of the issue that needs to be fixed. Term limits are just a band-aid, so I don't support it anymore.
&gt;We Illinois is a big place, and others across the state may disagree with you.
Yea that's my point. Having some fresh minds may be helpful, but if they don't know wtf they are doing I don't see how that's beneficial.
The Executive Branch and the Legislative Branch are two very different things, so no.
Is that something that we get a say in (outside of elections) or is that a procedural thing? That would be an interesting idea, and don't know enough as to why it would be a bad one.
At my University we were given projects that required the use of ANSYS and SAP2000. ANSYS never worked while we didn't have a SAP2000 license. The solution? "You are engineers, you can figure it out."
Free beer!? I'm in!
Is Miggy the new Zambrano for the Cubs? Been a while since we had an outburst that left the rest of the team looking away.
Come up in my neck of the woods in Ravenswood! O'Shaughnessys is in my hood and has a good beer selection, food is fantastic, and the decor is original from the early days of the building.
Absolutely. Without his offense we wouldn't have had last season's success.
His judgement here was terrible and very unprofessional, but even still, one of the things I hate most is having to say goodbye.
And the scumbags from his district don't care. They will vote for him every time, as they are the epitome of "fuck you, I got mine."
I just think it's fascinating that we send fucking elephants around the country to different places. I would love to cruise down the highway and see an elephant in one of those animal transport cages.
As someone who lived in Elgin, I learned that their building code people absolutely do not fuck around. I worked at one of the big box hardware stores and those people would pop in every now and then and update us on new codes or revisions, and ho-lee-shit were they passionate about fire doors and handrail heights.
That summarizes the depth of how much they understand topics and the criticisms they have regarding people who think differently then them. Where Democrats and their voters have high level, detail oriented discussions and debates, Trump supporters are intellectually incapable of saying anything other than vague statements which can be applied to nearly everything and everyone.
I think you're right in that this is one of the bigger hindrances the agency puts on itself. There are almost zero attempts from EPA to market achievements in some of the bigger and sexier aspects of it, like massive cleanups, emergency response actions, and disaster response. There are also almost zero attempts to share outstanding issues such as communities who cannot drink their water due to pollution from industry (I am aware of several in Michigan, for example). Instead, they sit on the side and let angry farmers who don't know the difference between their state agency and the federal agency attack it, they sit on the side and let congress attack it with factually incorrect information, and make almost no effort to educate communities about how they can get the most out of it and the state partners. The only time the agency makes the news is when something bad happens, then they wonder why there is a mixed opinion as to why regulating for clean air and water is a good thing.
I miss El Paraiso.
Chicago is already on its way to a $13 minimum wage by 2020, with future increases tied to CPI. Seattle's has been mostly positive, with only a small-ish sector of workers being negatively impacted (which is expected).
Man, we had PREcorders in elementary school. Like, we were too stupid for a recorder, so they gave us all precorders instead.
&gt;WEDC officials say they're trying to change a national perception of Wisconsin as flyover country I don't even think it's flyover country. To fly over the state would be a route that is kind of out of the way between major hubs.
I've considered doing the commute. My job is exceptionally unique and only really exists in major cities, so I wouldn't have many other opportunities in MKE myself so I would have to commute. But I can work from home a few days a week. The only reason why I'd consider it is because my fiance is simply not happy here, and is from MKE. It's not a bad place, just too quiet for me, and people don't do very much. Although, even if my job wasn't all that unique I still wouldn't have the opportunities. Because it's still Wisconsin.
His brother Peter is much more relatable though.
Elgin siblings! The only thing I miss from there is the El Paraiso on McClean. Only lived there for 3 years though.
Let me guess, they closed while you were still waiting in line at the other ones.
And apologists will rush into this thread and defend it each and every time.
This is going to be a gauge for whether or not I should actively look for a house this year. If Chicago wins, I'm all in but if we don't and the winner is one of these smaller cities with exactly zero of the amenities Amazon said they are looking for, I'm going to hold off. If Amazon isn't willing to invest less than their annual revenue to come here, then I'll be really hesitant to invest 2-3 times mine.
I really liked seeing the town I went to high school in at the bottom of the least educated cities in the U.S.
And of course, only on during the day when people aren't normally watching.
They probably say "Chi-Town".
It's fascinating that the people you're responding to think by being able to simply acknowledge that things can be 'streamlined' or 'more-efficient' or whatever other buzz word they can conjure up makes them some sort of Renaissance person. The generic nature of their arguments are embarrassing.
I think Schumer and the democrats can make it out of this alive provided they take initiative now that the GOP promised they would take up DACA before the 8th. Right now they got what they wanted with CHIP so they will be able to take that to November. What I want to see from them is introducing a DACA bill before the GOP does so they get to control the discussions, and so that any fallout can easily be directed at the GOP, also in November. How /r/conservative and Fox can say this makes the GOP look good is fascinating and frightening to me. The democrats already came into this not looking good - if they did look good then they wouldn't be the minority party. At the very worst, their image stays right where it is. Public opinion is certainly not in the GOP's favor right now.
They also call anything and everything a deregulatory action, including simply not enforcing a regulation on the books.
So...1910. I looked it up and they played about 150 games. How did they get around so quickly? Did the trains take them all close enough to the parks? Their travel schedule must have been absolutely exhausting.
I've been saving all my avocado toast for the day I can build a house with it, so I don't know what they're on about. Obviously an avocado toast house will be worth orders of magnitude more down the line, so I've got all my bases covered.
Get a load of this non-minimalist over here.
The U.S. has instituted tariffs on steel imports several times over the past 10-15 years, with 2015 being the most recent I believe. I work with the industry, and my take on it is nobody really knows how well the tariffs actually work, but can't dispute that China does some absolutely absurd bullshit when it comes to stealing trade secrets. AK Steel, for example, had the technology for their electrical steel stolen from them by China. They were one of the only manufacturers of it and one of the best, but some form of industrial espionage happened (or so they believe) and China started producing it and undercutting them. They argue it killed a huge chunk of their revenue, and after the WTO ruled against China AK bounced back once the duties kicked in. In other words, it's complicated.
It's interesting to note how upset he was during the campaign that "the U.S. is telling the whole world what it's doing" and "the world can watch the news and know the U.S. strategy". For some reason, going public with tariffs for months is a-ok though, and it's totally cool to empower people with capital to spend and undercut those who don't and put them at a disadvantage. But hey, at least he paid lip service to small-businesses. That's what really counts, right Trump supporters?
As someone who does a metric fuck ton of technical writing, I don't think I know how to fit what I want to say on a bumper sticker. Someone who does more marketing and business oriented stuff will be much better at getting the point across in fewer words.
Robert Marshall. He runs for office all the time, always with the same persona - stereotypical "I have all the answers" crazy old guy.
If you weren't aware, Amundsen used to be an incredibly rough place to go to school and not even that long ago. My old roomie went there in the early 2000's and remembers it being nothing but neighborhood gangs getting into it. I was having my car worked on and the courtesy van driver, who only left there recently, said the school has gotten a little bit better but it's still a very rough place.
Make sure you do it while riding on the sidewalk too. No half measures.
The mercury rule in water quality standards is weird, though kind of sensible. It says that nothing over 200 ppt is allowed, despite the water quality standards being 1.3 ppt. The reason is for this is that the federal standards define anything as less than 200 ppt to be *de minimis*. What makes it really weird is if they were exceeding 200 ppt they would be required to clean up to 1.3, but if they were already less than 200 ppt they would be a-ok, even if it's over 1.3 ppt. They fact that they are over 1.3 isn't as strange as the the article suggests. Environmental rules are hard to maneuver through, but that's because they tried to balance risk, uncertainty and economics.
What's interesting is while he seems really educated on topics regarding nuclear, his life story makes absolutely no sense. He says he has a master's from MIT in both nuclear and materials engineering, yet also says he left the US at 24, yet talks about voting, and built a huge company at 25, and sits on Reddit all day. But he seems (or at least his old account does) to know a shit ton about nuclear matters. I mean, this has to either be the most effort anyone has ever put into fake internet points, or the dude is a super genius that has gone off the deep end.
It doesn't make the front page because it is hot garbage and get down voted to hell. If you sort by 'new' you'll see it, though infrequently. Edit: OP was asking about Breitbart making the front page. Stop this whattaboutism with Shareblue. They are both trash, and SB has been dealt with along the lines of the sub rules.
It's really bad when you know at some point that person is going to bring up politics, or somehow link any topic to politics, so you hesitate to even see them. My family has pretty much stopped going out of their way to see my brother when he comes in. Gets all arcon preachy and expects everyone to worship the ground he walks on because he's military. When they don't he gets mad. Makes for uncomfortable family gatherings.
The red line has some solid performers. There was an older guy at the Grand stop (or maybe it was North and Clybourn) that has a super soothing singing voice, though I'm not sure if he is still there. Not to mention the Red Line band at Jackson. I love that the city encourages it and provides a system for it.
Write your representative, your state senator, the mayor, Cook county, hell, even the Tribune. I don't know how common this feeling is among younger people, but I feel this same way. We don't owe these people anything. We never promised them anything. They made that promise to themselves for us. I love Chicago so it's worth staying, but I won't let them think that means it's ok to kick the can. I'll leave if I really need to.
Other states aren't struggling with a pension debacle like we have. Most public sector pensions are relatively healthy across the country. Illinois is dead last in the country. A healthy fund is easy for me to support, because normally public sector wages aren't very high.
The please enlighten us, oh wise one.
Right. Private sector wages and public sector benefits is what everyone wants. There's a good reason why most don't get it. The math doesn't work out. That's why I want Biss. Apparently you need a PhD from MIT to understand that in Illinois.
What you're saying is what I think everyone is worried about. At least it's generally what I worry about. We tried something like this once already. We didn't break even. The expectations weren't met. Our mess is worse, but now they want to try it again.
I love these videos, shame it didn't get a lot of attention here.
I think if Amazon doesn't choose Chicago, it will be primarily because of the state's fiscal problem. Other than that, Chicago tops the list for every single attribute they are looking for.
Good point. Having MIT and Harvard nearby is a nice feature.
I've learned politics is like everyone playing a poorly organized murder mystery game. Nobody has any fucking idea and are all guessing, and are all getting mad at each other for guessing differently than they are.
He's the moron who was arrested and got a DUI, but was bailed out because his dad was connected. The party of law and order, after all.
&gt;"If you look at the history of the minimum wage, the highest that it was in current dollars was in 1968, which would be the equivalent of about $11.60. I think we should move up to now — probably go to a $12 federal minimum wage and index it for inflation.” There's absolutely no reason people should be upset about this. It is a reasonable conclusion based on historical information. The abortion stance is non-sense, as he's declaring something that has never been concluded by experts.
I'm not really sure what that has to do with $15. He could have said the exact same thing with $15 and it would still be a bad response.
Ok fair, that perspective sheds some light on people's issues with his stance on that
Right? I'll take a "fun trip" maybe once a year if I can swing it. Otherwise it's a short weekend getaway a few hours in any direction.
Did you read the rest of the conversation? We are talking about Illinois' and Chicago. OP said illinois' needs $15 across the state, not just in Chicago, so the question was figuring out where else it is desperately needed, rather than being tied to CPI like Cool County is. Bringing SF into this is silly.
But that's why you tie it to CPI or some other index rather than pick an arbitrary number that you think is enough. Otherwise we'll be right back here once that arbitrary number is no longer enough.
Hey thanks for this. I think WaPo could spend a little bit more time reporting on this insanely misleading talking point, but seeing you verify this here is nice. I work for the feds and when I see him talk about his "deregulatory actions" I roll my eyes because I know how they have defined those.
He's my rep! Between him, Duckworth and Durbin I am in damn good hands.
This is clearly a spam account.
This is why you pay for journalism. The Tribune and other print media continue to demonstrate that investigative journalism is alive and well and something we all need to continue to support. With regards to the article, fire them all and destroy their pensions and livelihood. Destroy the teachers, destroy the admins, destroy the superintendents, and destroy everything these people worked for if they were ever found covering for each other.
Same. While my agency boss is galavanting across the planet and racking up massive travel bills for no reason at all, us staff people have to justify our need for pens. My business cards have my old office address on it. No way am I buying them *again*.
Hopefully they realize that they only way they can hold on to their livelihood is by eliminating republicans in all offices.
&gt; you can't have 3 dimensions without 2 dimensions. \- Pointing at head meme guy
Pro tip: People tend to dump their e-waste at the gates when they are closed. I have a co-worker who gets newish laptops every year or so by rifling through the piles and replacing the HDs or motherboards or whatever needs replacing. If you're nearby or have nothing to do, it's not a bad way to get free stuff!
You might be projecting a little bit which is odd considering this is an economic sub, not a political one.
Donate to all the Dems impacted by this and encourage them to hit the trails now! The GOP is taking away the opportunity for voters to hear from candidates who want to serve them. This is, once again, another attempt by the traitorous GOP to undercut the US democracy and build a one party dictatorship.
Something I'm sure we all expected to see today.
Jason "Javier "Kris "Schwarbs" Bryant" Baez" Heyward.
I mean...Jason Heyward? Philadelphia will never live this down.
I didn't, but as someone born in 1988 to a solidly middle class family buying in 2012 was not an option. Now if I was born in 1980 I'd be sitting pretty. Four years of professional income especially in the bust cycles of the early 2000s would have set me up to succeed. Instead, I was born when the option was to graduate college with no job prospects (civil engineering in 2010) or stay in college and take on graduate school debt like everyone else was doing. Either way, 2012 would not be the same for me compared to people just a few years older than me. As a first time home buyer I just wasn't born in the right time and am dealing with the consequences. I couldn't have bought in the dip even if I was cognisant enough to.
Its not that it's good at it. What's frightening is that millions of Americans are stupid enough to fall for it. If there were no stupid Americans Fox would not exist.
I excuse them. They've had a shitty roster for a while so they aren't quite as familiar with what first place is like in June and how fragile it can be.
Yup, it's shit talking. It's all in good fun.
And those people still paying those student loans are now going in on 95% financed mortgages. How is this shit sustainable?
The Fed has been dragging their feet with the rate hikes, so this circus is going to drag on for a good while. My own calculations tell me we won't see a plateau for loans being taken out until we hit between 7 and 8%.
People think and continue to argue vehemently that everything changed over night in January 2017.
That's insane! *Goes back to looking at $2,000 bicycles*
This seems like absurdly shoddy journalism or another attention grabbing headline. Obama hit 5.2% one quarter with no sweeping tax-cut bill.
EPA wouldn't be able to do very much if anything at all unless it contained regulated chemicals or other constituents above state or federal thresholds. I'm sure it does if it's mix ed with groundwater (heavy metals probably) but without sampling there is not much they can do other than team up with the state. This kind of stuff would be a state or city violation more than likely. USACE would be able to get involved if they issued a permit.
I'm saving for 20% and our AGI is around 130k. I should be ready by next summer, where our target/max price range is between 250k (condo) and 300k (SFH). I'm only contributing up to my employer match for retirement. I know rates are rising, but the math is very easy to do to determine if it's worth buying now with a low down payment with lower interest rates or waiting for a better down payment with higher interest rates. For my target monthly expenses, it makes more sense to do 20% later. My personal belief is that half million dollar homes are fucking stupid.
And you look exactly like him, so what does that say ;).
Funny because this year any 401k growth had been completely lackluster. Mine has grown 2%. The best growth I've seen in a single year was 2012 or 2013.
Environmental engineer. USAJobs.gov, hired after interning.
To be fair, it seems all of my friends are also overpaying for shitty condos these days. Maybe these Russians are fresh grads with mounds of student loan debt and have to choose between rising rents or overpaying in the hopes of building equity like their parents effortlessly could when they were the same age.
That's what happens when you are a company thats based on solutions and engineering and completely abandon problem solvers and engineers. In my circle GE, Whirlpool, United Technologies, GM and other large "manufacturers" are shitting on the people who made their company what it is - engineers. I'm biased, but this is what happens when you *only* focus on business and marketing and ignore the engine that makes you marketable.
Is the BRT that bad? I've never really noticed an issue, other than more twats stepping into the bike lane on Washington. Is it an issue with BRT or an issue with people's obsession with personal vehicles even when it's not necessary?
Alternate headline &gt;Costs of these goods that will be passed along to the consumer increase $1 billion.
If they are trying to get rid of Rod Rosenstwin like what was reported a few days ago, he'll be the new AG soon.
&gt;and the rule wasn't helping the environment directly anyway. Environmental engineer here. You couldn't be more wrong. There are things like federal water quality standards that need to be met with regards to NPDES, RCRA and CERCLA and in some places it wasn't clear if the standards would apply without this rule. In fact, because of the administration and its inability to get their ducks in a row before announcing it wants to repeal or slash the reach of the rule, companies are already fighting against WQS where they are supposed to meet them.
Well...other than voting for the tax bill and blowing up the debt and deficit. All because it contained language that would benefit his kids.
According to the article, her docs said her cancer is probably going to return so shell have to keep doing chemo. It's gotta be kicking her ass. The fact that she's been chugging along like she has is remarkable.
He wanted to. Fox News, the GOP, and the rest of D.C. called him out on it. Funny how Fox News and the GOP changed their tone 100% when one of their own said the exact same thing.
No, but he was lamabasted for proposing the same thing so he obvs didn't go through with it. Should he have? Yes, but the absolute vile hatred Fox, the GOP and its commentators had for his idea is light-years beyond CNN's and the Democrats criticism. They were skeptical but optimistic. The GOP and it's voters we're hateful regarding the idea, but worshipped it the moment one of their own came up with it. I mean shoot, Trump lambasted over Obama for proposing it just the same. The partisanship on the right is ultimately to blame for why attempts weren't made, despite proposed, through the previous administration.
Now that's a sign for next year: &gt;Gluttony is a sin. Look at this fat ass!
That is how inflation works, yes.
People holding degrees that are more desirable and harder to get usually get paid internships.
Is it? I'm in a federal employee Union and they make it very clear that if you don't pay you get zero representation. Everyone, union or not, gets options of flexible schedules the union negotiated on, but in the case of things like retaliation from management or whatnot, non-members are on their own. To that end this is why I don't understand the uproar over this. If AFSCME 31 wants to, they could easily tell non-members to fuck off like mine does. Right?
Is that a federal or state law or something? Maybe unions can band together and fight that law in the courts too. Seems it's fair game based on this new ruling.
So when those rights they fought for and you enjoy start being fought against by the powers that be because you don't care, then what? Will you continue to not care? Will you then start paying? I don't like everything my union does, and I definitely feel they take rhetoric a little too far, but I'm young and smart enough to know what history has taught me about labor and the people who choose to exploit those who work. They will do everything they can to widdle away at whatever rights you have, and this is one example if it. So typical of a lazy state employee to let others do your job for you. Hopefully your job goes away since you clearly don't have the work ethic to keep it.
That last question is a good one, and an opposite question also exists - why would I pay when I get to enjoy all of the past benefits I currently enjoy for free? Your union should advertise itself better. It hasn't had to until today. You probably aren't expected to work for free, right? No unpaid OT? You probably have comfortable working conditions, correct? These are all things that you get to reap the benefits of everyday you go to work. This is due to an aggregate contribution of all unions. Employers expect pushback from labor groups for practices that may be deemed to be unfair. Ours wanted to slash our office space down by 2/3rds and make everyone share a desk, and the union fought on our behalf. I wouldn't have minded, but most did. People who never paid continue to enjoy comfortable working conditions and good work-life balances nation wide regardless of direct contributions by your union reps to your personal circumstances. Employers don't even bother with things these days because of strong labor groups. Mine, after the GOP took over, have started testing what they can get away with and in some cases don't even bother engaging with our union, forcing them to litigate. This will continue not only with mine but with all employers across the country. Theres are pros and cons, but nobody ever really cares until it starts to negatively affect them. That's why I pay. That's why you should pay. Otherwise, quite frankly, you're just mooching.
I've already told you how you've benefited over the years. It's incremental. You've enjoyed a lot of them. Now the union has faced hurdles. Pay raises have slowed or stopped. Having less money won't fix their inability to fight better. But sure, more money probably wouldn't fix it either. The fact that pay raises have stopped won't be fixed by not contributing to the union, however. I agree, as public workers we are more educated than the average American and pay more attention to substance within politics so we usually vote and vote better. But there are fewer of us, which puts our livelihoods in jeopardy when people decide they don't want to pay for roads, schools, or clean water yet demand that we still somehow have all of those things. Get more involved with your union, even if you don't want to pay. Let them know you'll pay if you see more action from them. But there are exactly zero valid reasons on the face of the planet for you to sit on the sidelines and do nothing while the GOP is in charge of whether or not you continue to have a good job.
You can make 117k in Chicago and be very, very comfortable, by the way.
The article is talking about household income. It isn't extremely difficult for two adults to find that in Chicago after a few years of working in most fields. There is also no shortage of affordable neighborhoods that don't have crime issues either.
It's not so bad, but I agree it is definitely not for everyone. Still, if the desire is to live in a large metro with a solidly middle class pay and be comfortable, Chicago is easily the best option. Weather aside, of course.
I'm in a union and it is awesome. I can be as involved as I want or not. We have beach cleanup days, lunches, holiday parties (on a tight budget), flexible schedules, good pay, good work-life balances, options to work at home, etc. Explain to me how that is shackled?
Lol, why would I not see value in good pay? Nobody is required to join the union or pay into it where I work. My office has separate offerings for non-union people, but they aren't as good nor guaranteed. How am I shackled again?
Except you seem to argue that having union representation is being shackled. You should revise your original sentiment.
**Likes** * Affordability (for a big city) * Accessibility * Don't need a car whatsoever (though it's nice to have one) * Food * Beautiful lake front and summers * Short flights to anywhere in the country. * Summer Street festivals * Plenty of outdoor options for quick weekend getaways * Major stop for concert tours * Lots of good paying jobs * History **Dislikes** * Entrenched corruption * Uncertainty in city and state finances due to said corruption, therefore taxes that don't seem to go anywhere * People can't get over the 85 Bears. I mean come fucking on. * Winter blows and never seems to end. * Segregation Buying into Chicago is buying into a lot right now, what with our pensions sucking up state finances affecting long term viability of most of the state. The metro area is propping up the whole state. But if you can make it in California, Chicago will be an absolute walk in the park, and making a future here is 100% in your control. I don't have a California salary, so I watch my finances a lot more closely, but I never worry about my ability to pay bills.
I found one in my back alley. Called divvy for instructions and they told me to return it to the dock and gave me two 24 hour pass codes for free. You see an undocked divvy. I see untapped opportunity.
People are freaking out about Roe vs. Wade, despite it being a 7-2 win for the country. With that said I absolutely do not trust the GOP in selecting an impartial SC nominee when Fat Joffrey has a Roe vs Wade litmus test.
I don't know. Rauner took a lot of heat for expanding access to health coverage for abortions. I don't think he would go the opposite route and ban it.
&gt;These statistics are always 100% fluff. These statistics are always 100% fluff.
Arbitrary and capricious describes just about every action this administration takes.
Good point. The same people who want to keep minimum wage down or eliminate it entirely complain when people are on food stamps and accuse them of not working when their minimum wage still qualifies them for it. Bunch of fucking idiots, modern republican voters are.
It's almost as though Chatwood doesn't look before he pitches. It looks as though by the time he looks down home plate the ball is already at his finger tips.
Fuck it, I'll play for 10% of what they're making.
Honestly all of these "issues" and "characteristics" that they bring up I was never aware of. Then as it became more prevalent in main stream sectors, I realized it's only a thing among their own circles. They just assume others must act the same way. No. We are smarter and have better things to worry about. Projection, projection, projection.
For as long as I've lived here I don't think I've ever been that way behind Millennium Park. What I've been missing!
First Green Bay and now this? The sports gods are very unhappy.
Or rather than playing with how we pay for it, how about fix what we're actually paying. Maybe start with opening up the US to imports?
Yikes, what is the medication if you don't mind sharing?
Is that tensile? Annealing will usually come with some sacrifice to strength.
Annealing will make a steel product more workable, but the result is a sacrifice in tensile strength. How much depends on the alloy and what crystal structure is produced by the annealing process. Heating afterwards can help you achieve the properties you're looking for, but there's a lot of chemistry involved in that beyond heat treating. I hesitate to bring up 9/11, but use that as an example of how heat can alter the chemical composition of really anything affecting the strength of the material, and it doesn't take a lot to do so. Edit: Did you quench afterwards? If it slowly cooled to room temp that could be the culprit.
I don't like paying any sort of service charge so I don't use that app.
Thanks for your opinion that I give zero shits about.
&gt;There's no good reason why you shouldn't be able to pull into a spot, click Start, and then click End when you leave I like this idea. Then it would be an actual "meter".
Are you sure you can get your PE with the feds? They aren't set up very well to ensure you have a pathway to a PE. I work for the feds and like you I don't work with or under a PE at all. Maybe you can approach it from a slightly different angle - what do you want in life from a job or career? It sounds like you aren't totally thrilled with your current setup, either due to pay, COL, or someting else. Living in an area with a low COL and working a job with great benefits is what people tend to weigh pretty heavily. Without knowing the office you'd be working in, I'd be hesitant to rely on a promise that you can apply for a position later. There's a good chance you'd bet competing for that title/series with a slue of other people since it would have to be posted on USAJobs.
He typed it twice too. So it wasn't a typo at all.
Clickbait title, but I didn't write it. Tl;Dr - Minneapolis got rid of single family zoning much to the ire of people who benefit from it.
I also have to wonder about turnover. I know three people who were project managers for the various firms who are constructing this thing and left. All three said the stress was obscene, and one guy said his blood pressure looked like a pinball machine score. He was there when they dropped the i-beams onto the piers for the highest ramp.
These were all people I went to engineering school with who ended up in the transportation or construction industry.
What's different about her compared to Powell? My limited knowledge tells me we wouldn't have a lot of the inflated asset prices due to the near-zero rates if she was a little bit more aggressive.
&gt;They can't that's against WTO rules I think at this point it's clear that nobody cares about that.
Isn't the status quo 25% or there about?
That armadillo gif was great too.
I mean I joke half the time that "it keeps the rent low."
She'd have better luck parking in a neighborhood outside of the city center if she's looking for free parking.
So then we might as well go ahead and have health care for all since debts and deficits don't matter.
This is an economics sub. Get your partisan commentary out of here.
Cool. So let's get health care for all then and cut all of our taxes.
&gt;Your own link explains why deficits were so high in 2008 and 2009 (tarp). I'm unsure why you think the comparison to 2009 is in any way informative. I'm sure you can hazard a guess why OP is doing this.
&gt;Ahh, the home of six Sigma. That's Motorola. Welch just made it company policy some 20 years ago.
Totally. Even in the suburbs of Chicago home ownership among people I knew a decade ago is strong. Some are more out of reach than others, but there are burbs that are within reach. You just have to drive everywhere, and drive far. That kind of makes the cost of living in the city on par with the burbs, only the burbs have a cheaper upfront price tag.
If you don't like to read articles and instead only comment on the headline, the article is about the UK.
Not to mention the increase in inventories. It boosts GDP but is generally seen as a massive inefficiency that hurts bottom lines. My theory has been they are looking at the 4 high level inputs to GDP and doing everything they can to get each one up, independently of one another, for the sole purpose of inflating the final number. It would certainly explain the massive spending this administration is introducing and his obsession with trade deficits.
Except for presidential elections. And where gerrymandering is strong.
/r/mildlyinfuriating
That's the front. You can kind of see the cab in the smoke, but can also tell by the placement of the axles under the trailer.
For me, especially based on the apparent corruption of our current president, if we can't see all or even most of their income streams then we can only reasonably assume that they are up to some shady shit.
We went in late September and the weather was beautiful and it was super chill.
Eh, it's not like we'll go from 3.7% unemployment to 9% right away. Even so, graduating in 2010 vs 2012 was a world of a difference. Even if it's bad, it *will* get better.
Yeah it's not a problem until it is a problem, then you can't do anything about it.
Right wing shit hole Indiana has this same rule for guns, smart guy.
I didn't consider a quitclaim deed. I guess I've never considered that for more personal financial endeavors.
She's not going to be on the mortgage either way, so it makes no difference. Regardless of what we do, it won't make a difference in the next 3 months.
I commented elsewhere that Illinois isn't a community property state.
When we leased our apartment three years ago she had a credit score of just over 800. I'm gonna have her run her credit report and make sure nothing funky is on there, but the lender was pretty clear it was the lack of history. Regardless, we'll be calling around and seeing what other lenders have to say.
I think you misunderstood. The lender says that I'll probably have to go it alone and just have her on the deed. She wasn't saying that we both have to be on the mortgage.
I mean...have you been downstate? It fucking sucks. If it was between living in Chicago city proper or the suburbs I'd just leave the state. Downstate might as well not even exist.
I would at least say that these articles don't do a great job of differentiating between the various reasons for population decline. I like to shit on old people leaving for the Sunbelt, [but that doesn't happen *that* often.](https://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20180622/ISSUE07/180629930/illinois-problem-only-elderly-population-is-growing) &gt; New census data released yesterday show Illinois had a net loss of more than 270,000 prime working-age adults (ages 25-54) over the last decade, with 85 percent of that loss attributable to outmigration rather than mortality.
All you're doing is complaining about other people's life choices which makes you look dumb.
&gt;People commute farther when they live in major cities. I'm in Chicago and commute 7 miles each way. The cost is either $2.50 by train each way or free if I bike. If you think that's far then lol. Can't do that in the burbs.
&gt; I was in the **suburbs** of Chicago Every. Time.
Well you're in a thread in the Chicago subreddit, so naturally the sentiments are going to be more aligned with that of someone living in Chicago. /r/chicagosuburbs is a better place, because most people here agree the suburbs fucking blow.
It's a good thing weed is legal in CO, you seem to need it.
Voting for Obama wasn't throwing a grenade. Voting for Obama was cleaning up after Americans threw a grenade called George W. Bush. Trump was a grenade, but bragging to your friends that instead of repairing your home you blew it up isn't something you want to brag about. That's something you should actually be quite embarrassed about. So once the smoke clears and we're able to assess the damage, we'll vote for another Democrat who will clean up after you all decided it was better to be homeless than live in a home with bad wiring.
