That's going to make it look completely bizarre, like a triangular spruce lollipop on a stick, and it's only going to get even more bizarre as the tree matures and gets bigger. A natural spruce outline includes the branches sweeping softly all the way down to the ground. Lopping off the lower branches 8 feet up is ugly IMO. Much better to let it go as unworkable. There is also the issue of the home's foundation. A large tree like that needs to be at least 20 feet away.
Where are you located? Precisely when did you transplant them? Did they flower in previous years? How long had they been living next to the driveway? Are you asking about the ones you moved, or the ones still next to the driveway, or both?
Why is it like that? Did someone prune it, or disease, or what?
&gt; I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area My understanding of the article is that it depends on the species. &gt;I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area You really have to know your nursery. Some of them are simply outlets for mass market stuff, in which case they're going to sell whatever is the most popular.
Nothing is going to grow in the dense shade under the maple. You can grow greens and lettuce in dappled shade. If you can pick a spot that gets the full blast of the 6 hours of direct, continuous sunlight, without being filtered through any tree leaves, you can grow peppers, tomatoes, etc. A 6x6 box is going to need stepping stones in the middle to enable you to reach the center without walking on the soil,which compacts it. Raised beds tend to be multiples of 4 feet wide, not 6, such as 4x4, 4x8 etc This is because the average human can reach 2 feet into a bed while kneeling at the side, so a 4 foot wide bed allows you to reach the center from either side without stepping on the soil.
Oaks, hickories, walnuts, and hornbeams have deep roots, but they're all slow-growing, and I have no idea how good they are at "soaking" up groundwater. Where are you located? What spot in your landscaping are you trying to fill with a tree?
Not sure how you're defining "flat", but Fannie Farmer's Banana Bread has been my go-to for years, and it's definitely rounded. http://www.grouprecipes.com/14816/fanny-farmers-banana-nut-bread.html The bananas should be black-ripe, and you should mash them with a potato masher to nearly liquid. You can omit the whole eggs and just use egg whites if you're cooking for low-cholesterol people. The strange thing is that it uses no fat or oil at all, so it's also suitable for low-fat diet.
&gt;It's called jasmine. That's what they mean by jasmine when the mention jasmine. There are a lot of different plants that go by the colloquial name "jasmine", and in this particular case, the plant that the OP is asking about isn't a jasmine at all.
They need the equivalent of an inch of rain every week, so if it doesn't rain all week, you'll need to water them. Also if your weather turns hot, dry, and windy, they'll need some extra waterings until they're established and start putting out new growth.
Cantaloupe = watermelon, basically. Same regimen, same care, same pests. Large melons take longer to come ripe, but Moon and Stars is smaller so not as lengthy a wait. Bunnies figure that canteloupe = watermelon, too. You need a bunny fence. Any wire fence will do, but either : A. the bottom wire needs to be pegged tight to the ground so Bun can't push his head and shoulders under it, and shove it up, and wriggle under. or B. The bottom 12" or so needs to be buried. or C. You lay out the bottom 12" flat on the ground next to the fence, in an L-shape. If there's plenty of other food around, a simple wire fence may be enough to discourage them. Note that a full-grown rabbit can wriggle easily through a chain link fence opening, so any wire fencing has to have openings smaller than that. Chicken wire, or hardware cloth.
Plants that will root from cuttings will root eventually, given the right conditions. All that the rooting hormone does is speed up the process, which means that the cutting has a better chance of evading rot while it's waiting for its new roots. Some plants root so readily from cuttings, suckers, and shoots that there's no need to use rooting hormone. Some plants that will root eventually from cuttings, suckers, and shoots will benefit from using rooting hormone to speed it up a bit. So, it depends.
Only if they get sprayed with the soap. It's not toxic the way that pesticides are. If they get enough of it on them, it's possible that they could be harmed. Think of the soapy water as nail polish remover, and a bug's waxy cuticle coating as the nail polish. How badly the nail polish gets messed up depends on how much nail polish remover gets on it.
Yes, but I'd combine it with an insecticidal soap, because spider mites are THE #1 indoor plant problem. You'll need to do repeated treatments, and frankly, if the seedlings aren't rare or exotic, personally I'd toss them (Hefty sack and landfill, not compost them) and start over. Spider mites are that bad, and that difficult to get rid of, and that contagious. &gt;my indoor garden has a bit of a spider mite issue This is kinda like saying, "I have a bit of a gonorrhea issue." A few squirts of neem aren't going to fix it in a couple of days.
How to prune lilacs. http://gardening.about.com/od/pruning/a/Pruning_Lilacs.htm Unless you're in Nunavut and your flowers have just now faded, it's too late in the season to prune. They bloom on old wood.
I'm assuming this is the back yard? You could have a lovely little cottage garden there of flowers, either annuals or perennials, or veg, except that you'd have to water them. I'd put a climbing rose up a trellis at the corner. Or you could grow tomatoes. If you seriously don't want to have to water, and it doesn't receive any natural rainfall at all due to the overhang, then you're looking at rocks, because the drought-tolerant xeriscaping plants native to the desert southwest can't survive a snowy, cold Pittsburgh winter. You could put in some native prairie plants like coneflowers and rudbeckia, which can get by with little water, but they can't survive with zero water. Some thoughts. They're still going to need *some* water. http://extension.psu.edu/prepare/emergencyready/drought/landscape/garden Talk to the Master Gardeners, see if they have any ideas. http://extension.psu.edu/counties
Go ahead and take them with you, because chances are excellent that they will be mowed as weeds after you leave.
Were they male or female blossoms? It's normal for male blossoms to be jettisoned, they only last for 1 day. Same for female, but if your plant is jettisoning female blossoms, it means they aren't being fertilized and you aren't going to get any veg, so you want to look into hand pollinating. Also, frequently zukes have trouble get their guys n gals coordinated, so it's not unusual to have males-only or females-only at first, which of course wither and die.
They are all run through state universities. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_State_Research,_Education,_and_Extension_Service#Cooperative_Extension_System
Bird netting is the method of choice.
I see that now, just FYI'ing you. I like single mums myself better than cushion mums.
http://www.lecreuset.com/cast-iron-mini-cocotte &gt;*Whether starting with an appetizer of warm spinach and artichoke dip or finishing a meal with individual portions of fruit cobbler, the Mini Cocotte is a versatile and convenient solution for both preparation and serving.* Use it like a ramekin. Eggs en cocotte.
I enjoy making general recommendations to people, but then I kinda assume that after that, you're going to take the ball and run with it, and start looking for things you like, not wait on me to tell you what to plant.
Ok. [Imgur](http://imgur.com/XVJ165K,wMqe7mI#0) Picture 1. You want to remove your front sidewalk and bump out the front foundation bed to about 3 feet wide, all the way across the front of the house towards the side door. You're going to keep the side walkway the way it is. The basement window well and the gas/electric meter make it what I call a "utility corridor". It's useless space for much gardening since the meter reader has to be able to access the meter. The blue crosshatching is an optional second flowerbed that you can put on the other side of the walk. It should be no wider than half the width of the new sidewalk. If you go wider than that, you start getting into serious perennial flower borders. You can have this blue crosshatch flowerbed run around the corner of the house and continue to parallel the sidewalk all the way to the side door, or you can stop it at the corner at a right angle, or you can make a curvy bit at the corner. It's up to you. There isn't really a right way or a wrong way. This bed can have any kind of flowers that you like. Perennials like daylilies and iris, annuals like petunias. Only thing is, they have to be smallish, say not over 18" high. This is because you don't want them hiding what's in the main foundation bed next to the house. The main foundation bed will have a trellis on the far left. It can be a rose or a vine like a clematis, or whatever. You need a vertical note there. If you don't want a vine and trellis, you can do a tall juniper or something, but it will need cutting back in a few years. The rest of the bed will be a mixed border, of either plain green shrubs and things like succulents, or flowering shrubs, or perennials, or a mix. The important thing is that they have rounded or curvy outlines--i.e. no rectangular yew shrubs, no boxy bushes made with the hedge clippers. You want soft curves because your house's facade is so right-angle geometric. Think floribunda rosebushes, not square evergreens. You want tallest things in back, but no taller than the bottom of the window. Then medium-sized things in the middle, and smallest things in front. You can continue the smallest things around the corner next to the house, in those dribs and drabs of soil in the utility corrider. Or put in some petunias or marigolds. Just because it's the utility corridor doesn't mean it can't have some flowers. There's a scribbly red tree at the corner of the house. This should be a small tree such as a Japanese maple, redbud, dogwood, birch, flowering crabapple/cherry/plum, or similar. It goes at a strategic spot on the corner at least 10 feet from the foundation (because of roots) which you will have to eyeball yourself. This softens the corner of the house and helps to hide the utility corridor. On the porch you have your planters, deck tubs, half-barrels, urns, whatever. It doesn't have to be four, but they should be symmetrical. Look at it from the street and see. Possibly a small decorative bench for guests instead of the patio table and chairs. Picture 2. Your bed to the right of the porch needs to have either (1) rounded things, or (2) curvy things. The window above the bed is so completely rectangular that the rectangular raised bed below it only hammers away at the rectangularness of the whole setup. Put some rounded, curvy, assymetrical things in the bed. They should reach almost to the windows. Your front yard looks good. That's an excellent specimen tree in the front, and good placement on whatever the large bush is in the right-hand corner. Someone was paying attention when they put those two things in. Overall, you have a classic American Prairie School ranch house as filtered through the lens of 20th century suburban domestic architecture, with the long, low silhouette, the narrow band of windows, and the deep overhanging eaves. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_School So you want to go with classic American flowers and plants, things with soft, loose outlines like rudbeckia, coneflower, phlox, petunias. You want to avoid overly formal things like clipped boxwoods or rigorously pruned privets. Get with the Master Gardeners at the extension office for ideas for specific plants, they LOVE picking out plants for people.
Not a recommendation, just a "well, there it is." What did you search under? I used "watering timers". &gt;preferably under 50 dollars Probably going to be more. http://www.amazon.com/Orbit-56233D-3-Outlet-Digital-Watering/dp/B004PVK4GK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=watering+timers &gt;*Watering frequency from every 6 hrs up to every 7th day* http://www.amazon.com/MELNOR-4-Zone-Digital-Water-Timer/dp/B0094KM4VK/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=watering+timers
Anything you would cook on a grill. This is a good primer. http://www.thekitchn.com/kitchen-basics-how-to-use-your-112585
Know that weeds will sprout in a week or two from your bare dirt, because (A) Nature abhors a vacuum, and (B) Life...uh, finds a way. So in order to maintain your scorched earth policy, you're going to have to keep scorching the earth. The kill-everything is Roundup (glyphosate) and this includes bushes, trees, and flowers that you may like. And also your neighbor's bushes, trees, and flowers that he may like, when spray drift carries it over into his yard. So do your spraying on a non-windy day.
Your best starting point is your county extension office. They have a federal mandate to help homeowners with garden problems, and their Master Gardeners just love to hand out advice. They will have plant lists, schedules, guides, all kinds of stuff. All free of charge, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Call them on Monday. http://cesanmateo.ucanr.edu/
[Potato eyes.](https://www.google.com/search?q=potato+eye&amp;biw=1067&amp;bih=498&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=fzd0Vb6fEIWzyATg4YHwBA&amp;ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ) The bumps on the skin that sprout and then grow into potato plants. I don't know if yours are too small to plant, I have not had much experience with growing potatoes. But if they have eyes, they will at least sprout. The question is whether a tiny potato has enough starch to fund adequate top growth.
Keep your grass cut short, or get rid of it and put in flowerbeds, pathways, and mulch.
Just FYI, it's not Trader Joe's fault. http://www.clemson.edu/extension/peach/afg_columns/numerous_factors_affect_peach_quality.html &gt;*Water availability is most critical during the stage III (final swell) phase of fruit growth. Limited water availability during this phase may cause fruit to be smaller and “sweeter” while too much water may cause fruit to have a thinner cuticle and a higher percentage of water loss after harvest.* During the swell phase, water is critical. Too little and you get small but sweet peaches. Too much, and you get what you bought at Trader Joe's--insipid peaches. The most logical explanation is that they sourced these peaches from one of the places where it was raining non-stop during the month of May. So it's not their fault. Blame Mother Nature. Or global warming, whichever you prefer. :D
First you need an ID. Head on over to /r/whatsthisplant and to /r/marijuanaenthusiasts (yes, really). It looks like it might be winterkill to me, depending on what it is.
No, actually, landscape fabric is very difficult to roll out after everything is planted, because you have to cut holes for the plants in it as you go along. It's much easier to cut your holes first, then lay it down and plant things into the holes.
No worries, not an issue.
A single 7" high layer is fine, mainly because potting mix is not cheap. No need to dig down into the dirt, but do cover any grass or weeds with cardboard before you add your potting mix, to smother them out. By the time your plants need to send their roots down into the dirt under your raised bed, the cardboard will have rotted down.
Roses don't need a lot of fussy care, so I'd trim off the obviously crispy-brown-and-dead bits, give it a dose of either rosebush fertilizer, or a big double handful of rich compost, and then leave it alone while you get on with your other gardening projects. You might also mulch around it with a few inches of shredded bark, because not only will this improve moisture-retention, but also it will help to delineate where it is, so as to avoid mowing it down by accident, which is a thing that happens to straggly roses. Which direction does the house wall face?
Triple sheet of newspaper works well, too. Any mulch, really. This year, pull your weeds as they appear, before they have a chance to flower and set seed.
A tomato is a tropical perennial vine. Unless it's killed by frost, it will keep growing and growing, basically forever, as long as the sunlight, water, and nutrients last. In temperate zones with cold winters, gardeners are accustomed to seeing their tomato plants grow to maybe 6 feet high (if they do it right lol) over the course of a summer. But in a greenhouse, all bets are off. Gardeners at Disney's Epcot have trained a single tomato vine into a room-filling tree. No special techniques here, just the vine continually growing and putting out new branches, and the gardeners deciding where to put them. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/WqjzP6w.jpg)
The chemicals that make lettuce taste bad to people are the same chemicals that make it taste bad to bugs and caterpillars. It's a defense mechanism on the part of the plant.
&gt;should i hold of on transferring the pods to a pot for now? Pods? Aren't they individual seedlings?
For edibles, anything that you consume for its leaves--spinach, all kinds of greens, swiss chard, all the lettuces. Bear in mind that they'll grow more slowly than they would if they were in full sun, but the important thing is that they'll grow at all. Tomatoes or peppers would simply get leaves, but no flowers or fruit. Root veg includes carrots, beets, turnips, radishes, etc.
Well, they're born pregnant, yanno. A single aphid can repopulate the entire rose bush all by herself in a few days. It's not enough to do it "from time to time", ya gotta keep after it, or you'll never catch up. Daily is ideal.
**PART THE SECOND** Now, it's time for reconnaissance. With the jungle, you couldn't see what you were doing. Hopefully some of it has been decimated so you can get in there and see. BTW, triclopyr is chemically similar to 2,4,5-T, which was one-half of Agent Orange. I give you permission to play "Ride of the Valkyries" while you do this. Go around the house. You're looking for something: trunks. You want to locate every trunk and stem that's coming out of the ground. Think of it as looking for the Alien Queen's nest. Don't cut them, just mark them on the soil with some kind of bright spray paint or something, so you can find them again easily. Don't paint the trunks because that's where the weedkiller is going to go, and you don't want to seal off any cells or bark. Spray the ground. Be aware that many people get a rash from handling trumpet vine, so cover up for this. Especially watch your face, as the vines will whip around. Once you have them all marked, you're going to move into Phase 2: The Shreddening (aka "Stem Injection Frilling or Hack-and-Squirt" but I like "The Shreddening" better). You want some undiluted concentrate in a squirt bottle, and some kind of sharp tool with which to shred, score, and otherwise rip up the bark on each and every stem and trunk that comes out of the ground. I use an old serrated pruning saw to scratch the bark all up. A steak knife or old serrated bread knife works. Girdle the stem, too. Pour that good stuff all over the torn bark and cambium, getting it into the cuts. On vigorous, mature plants, this works better than the cut-stump-and-paint technique, because when you cut the stump, the cells immediately begin to close it off, and there's a very short window of time for the stump to absorb the herbicide. And besides, you're reserving that for Phase 3, should you need it. Now, if you want to, to spare your collateral damage, you can skip Phase 1 with the hose-end sprayer, and go straight to The Shreddening. However, IME, with vines of this size and maturity, it's better if you soften it up first with some spraying, start getting those biochemical processes all fucked up. But if the idea of dousing your entire property with herbicide is disturbing, that's fine. It will just take longer this way. So, you go around and administer weedkiller concentrate to the cuts, making sure to work quickly while the cuts are still fresh, before the cells have a chance to seal them off. Then you wait another couple of weeks. By this time you should be seeing major dieback, but you need to give it time to finish dying. You won't really know it's dead until it's summer 2018 (yes, that's not a typo, 2018, two years after the next presidential election) and it hasn't come back. So when you see new branches coming out of a trunk (and AS SOON AS you see them, not "next weekend" or "pretty soon now" or "when we get back from vacation"), you do Phase 3: The Stumpening. You probably can't do Phase 2 again because it's all shredded to heck. This is where you cut off the vine, snip it right off with loppers, pruners, or a pruning saw, and paint or squirt concentrate on the cut end of the stump, again, working quickly before the cells can seal it off. If you see some spots where another Shreddening would be productive, go for it. Cut it off about 12" above the ground. This leaves you room to re-do The Stumpening an inch lower down, should you need to in the future. If, at any time in this process, you see new shoots coming directly out of the ground, you can either spray them with a standard dose of the weedkiller from an ordinary ready-to-use sprayer (like the gallon size you can buy at Walmart, no need to get out the hose-end sprayer for a single shoot), or simply snip them off with the pruners. They are evidence of the plant's last stand. It's giving up on the existing top growth and is trying to reboot itself from the roots. Weedkiller will give it an additional dose of poison; snipping it off will simply remove its photosynthesis from the equation. But whichever, do *something*. Don't be like, Oh, huh, there's another shoot. Get *after* it, snip that motherfucker off with the kid's kindergarten Fiskars from the dining room table if nothing else. So, this is your life until summer 2018. Eternal vigilance. Health risks: Are cumulative. So every time you spray it with the hose-end sprayer, wear your complete hazmat outfit. Every time you spray it with the little sprayer, wear your goggles, face mask, and gloves. Every time you're mixing it or squirting it, wear gloves. Triclopyr is not a likely human carcinogen. http://npic.orst.edu/factsheets/triclotech.pdf Glyphosate is not a likely human carcinogen. http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm The only herbicide-free way to remove this is by continually cutting it down. Go around the house and cut off everything at ground level. Repeat every time you see any new growth--cut it off. With a Sleeping Beauty castle's worth of big, old trumpet vine like you have, this is going to take a long, long, long time. That fucker has 20 to 30 years' worth of carbs stored, easily, and that's assuming that you're super-proactive in cutting off every shoot that you see as soon as you see it. Herbicide makes it all so much quicker.
Ok, well, badgers then.
Just stack 2 or 3 of them up in front of the dirt. They don't need to be buried. Inertia and gravity will hold them in front of the dirt. Or you could use cinder blocks, bricks, whatever. It's not that big a slope and there's not that much dirt to hold back. It's more to prevent soil from washing out endlessly than it is to hold back soil per se.
Ants are a normal component of your garden's ecosystem, and as long as they're not fire ants, and as long as they aren't farming aphids on your plants, there's no reason to do anything about them. Ants are frequently found walking up and down tomato stems, but with no aphids around. My theory, unsupported by anything, because "there are ants on my tomato stems" so far has not attracted the scientific research community, is that the sticky tomato sap, along with its tiny hairs, attracts and traps miniscule insects that the ants are eating. Or possibly it's the tomato sap itself. If you've checked your tomato thoroughly, all stems and undersides of all leaves, and you're not seeing any soft, fat-bodied, green, yellow, orange, white, black, or brown tiny bugs just sitting there with ants dancing attendance on them, then you have ants walking up and down your tomato stems.
See if any of this rings a bell. http://www.gardeningknowhow.com/ornamental/flowers/calla-lily/drooping-calla-lilies.htm
&gt;As cantaloups like warm soil, make sure you speed the warming process by covering the ground with plastic film or weed matting prior to planting. This is only for areas with cold winters and short summers. &gt;use a nitrogen fertilizer to force blooming. Actually you need phosphorus and potassium for bloom, not nitrogen. &gt;But how to know when is the fruit fully rippen and ready to harvest? First of all the rinds begin to change from green to tan or yellow and there is the wonderful fragrance they develop when they are ready to pick. Too complicated. All you need to know is that when it's ripe, it will slip easily from the stem with only the gentlest tug. Not coming off? It's not ready.
Cool. TIL.
On a rub for BBQ meat, it's easier to combine a powder with the other powders you're using. Also for sprinkling on popcorn. Other than that, it's mainly about convenience, yes.
It means you're keeping your cactus too wet. If it's wet enough for mushroom spores, it's far too wet for cactus. Water it only after it has been completely dried out for at least a week to 10 days. It also means you have potted your cactus in rich organic soil, not in sandy, gritty succulent mix. The mushroom is feeding on the organic matter in the soil. Stop watering it now for 10 days and the 'shroom will go away. And I'd repot it, once it's dried out, in some regular succulent mix.
Right, it prefers it warmer overall, it will sulk at cooler temps, and be killed by frost.
It looks nice and healthy, and blooming is a sign that it's happy, but YSK that "big" isn't necessarily a marker for "good" for African violets. It's got multiple crowns in the pot, and normally you grow them with a single crown per pot, which traditionally fits in a 4" plastic pot. If it was mine, I'd break it down and divide it. You can pot up the auxiliary crowns and give them to people, or just have moar flowers.
The leaves emerge from rosettes. Ideally there's only one rosette per pot, but African violets are really good at growing extra plants out of the side of the main stem, which then creates its own rosette, or "crown". You can find a crown by looking for the tiny baby leaves.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/3iKILy6.jpg) The white circle in the middle is the main crown. There are tiny baby leaves emerging at its center. It has concentric circles of progressively larger, and older, leaves, radiating out from this center. Around it, the other white circles are leaves that my experienced eye realizes are probably younger leaves emerging from another crown attached to the stem of the main crown. These leaves are smaller than the concentric circle of main-crown leaves they're next to. Sometimes they're facing the wrong direction to be a member of the main-crown concentric circle of leaves. It's kinda like being able to pick out the one mule in a herd of horses. To the unpracticed eye, they're all equines. If I was there, I'd be picking up the pot and turning the plant every which way, peering in under the leaves, to see where the extra crowns were. You can just snip them off with scissors, or even pop them off with your fingers, there's no need to repot the entire plant, but repotting it into a tighter pot tends to discourage it from making so many crowns. When you give it lots of fertile soil, it tends to say, "oh boy" and go to town.
I'm not seeing a video link?
The zukes could probably use going up one or two sizes, yes. The half barrels are too shallow for anything other than lettuces and greens, possibly radishes or baby beets, or small annuals such as marigolds, sweet alyssum, ageratum, etc. But it would be a nifty set of planters for lettuces and greens in spring and fall. Put it against a south-facing wall, be standing by with some kind of cover for serious below-freezing weather, and you could potentially harvest lettuce all winter, depending on where you are. With a clear plastic cover, you could use them as cold frames, too. Get some heavyweight clear vinyl or other plastic, use sticks to prop it up. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_frame
Is it your intention to keep them permanently in those containers, or are they going in the ground?
I interpret it as a taunt towards an enemy. "I can wear your special insignia and you can't stop me!"
No. Don't do any of that. A. Soil conditioners are a waste of money. They're snake oil. Healthy soil doesn't need them. Unhealthy soil can't be fixed by them. B. You haven't completed your fact-finding yet. &gt; and while I thought we were using the same soil, we might not have been. Well, was it or wasn't it? That's the crux of the issue. Did you test for pH and nutrients? What did those tests say? That's also part of the crux of the issue. &gt;but a careful observer would see our spinach has started flowering. Doesn't signify, it does this in June once the weather heats up. Has no bearing. &gt; It IS a bit closer to the pine trees and this might make it more acidic.. Soil under pine trees isn't necessarily that acidic. Soil a distance away from the trees will be even less so. What is the pH of the soil in the stunted bed, and what is the pH of the soil in the unaffected bed? Something's wrong with your soil, and adding useless soil conditioners and stirring it around are going to accomplish exactly zero. If the soil is toxic or off-balance somehow, soil conditioners aren't going to help remove the poison, nor will tilling it up.
One is a cowbird egg. Like a cuckoo, same thing.
If you're in the U.S., technically you're supposed to allow Nature Red In Tooth And Claw to do its thing. Brood parasitism is just another evolutionary strategy, and they have a valid place in the ecosystem. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brood_parasite It's natural to think, "Oh the poor baby bluebirds!" but actually the cowbirds don't always have it their own way. First, the baby cowbird doesn't necessarily murder the rightful heirs. It out-competes them for food, with the biggest and loudest gaping mouth when the parents arrive with food, but if the baby bluebirds are big and strong, they get their fair share, and manage to fledge. So that can serve as selection for big and strong bluebirds. In some bird species, the host parents will detect the alien egg and will either boost it over the side, or sometimes build an entirely new nest on top of it, thus walling it off in a dungeon. They then go on to lay a new clutch of eggs of their own on top of the dungeon. Sometimes the host parents will catch the cowbird trying to lay her egg, and will attack her and drive her away. Cowbirds followed the buffalo herds, eating insects kicked up by their hooves, and today they're found following cattle, performing the same service. One cowbird can eat a lot of bugs.
&gt;I'm renting a house Standard advice for renters is, there's no sense in spending time, money, energy, effort, and, yes, love on improving a piece of property that you don't own. It's an investment in nothing, it's a handful of hundred-dollar bills set fire to and blown away on the wind. Your landlord won't thank you, he won't notice that you've done anything, he won't lower your rent, and when you move on, you'll have to leave all your landscaping behind to the tender mercies of whoever comes after you, and I can pretty much guarantee that they'll simply let it all go back to weeds, the way it was when you started. Because this is what happens, this is how it works. My advice to you would be to simply mow the weeds and let it go at that. Before you mulch the entire back yard with landscape fabric and wood chips, you would need to have the permission, in writing, of your landlord, because what you would be doing would be, in effect, removing the lawn. Right now his property is "house + lawn", and even though the lawn may be technically weeds, still, legally, "if it's green, it's good", and it's technically still a lawn. If you kill whatever "lawn" is there by covering it up with weedstop and mulch (and yes, this will kill it in about 2 months), you have changed his property from "house + lawn" to "house + wood chips", which is not the same thing. It's harder for him to rent a "house + wood chips" than it is to rent "house + lawn". People don't want to have a backyard of wood chips for their kids and dogs to play on and to have cookouts out, they want lawn, even if it's mostly weeds. You'd need to get the same permission from him if you were proposing to till it all up and plant it to vegetables or roses or whatever. So you could xeriscape it instead of laying down wood chips (with his written permission), except that xeriscaping a yard is not cheap. Plants and rocks are expensive, weedstop landscape fabric is expensive. A "few hundred dollars" isn't going to go very far. If you weren't in a drought status, you could do a normal lawn renovation, which isn't that expensive. Weed-Be-Gone for the weeds, then top dress, overseed, scatter straw, keep moist. The sticking point is that "keep moist" part. So just mow it. Depending on what kind of grass it is and what kind of weeds they are, mowing actually helps to encourage grass and discourages weeds. Grass responds to regular cutting by increased root growth and spreading itself out, whereas weeds respond to cutting by coming back smaller and smaller as they use up their stored carbohydrates in re-sprouting from the roots.
I'd actually leave them, and give it a year to regroup. It looks rather puny. Since you're going to be cutting off the photosynthesizing factories, it needs to have abundant carb reserves in the roots in order to fund regrowth for repeated harvests, and it can only amass those reserves if it's allowed to grow undisturbed for a while. Also, how much sunlight does it get? If it's in a shady corner, you might want to think about moving it to a spot with more light.
It has to be actual soap, not dish detergent, so castile soap, bar Ivory soap, like that. Or use Safer's insecticidal soap. You want it soapy enough that it makes bubbles when you swish. The homemade stuff you need to be sure to rinse off after an hour, because it can act as weedkiller and damage your plants. You spray it liberally, making sure to hit every bug, because it's not intrinsically toxic, so the bugs have to be actually hit with it. The fatty acids of soap mess up their waxy cuticle coating. So you basically soak the entire plant. Make sure to hit the leaf axils--the place where the leaf joins the stem. Bugs hide there. Pull the leaf down and shoot some soap in there.
&gt; lactose-intolerance. If you're in the U.S., Lact-Aid brand lactose-free milk is a lifesaver for those of us who are lactose intolerant. It comes in store brands, too--Great Value, Kroger, etc. So far I've only seen it in 2-quart containers. In the Dairy Case next to the regular milk.
Approach is the same as for Japanese beetles: 1. Battery-powered DustBuster. Don't forget to empty the cup, because if they die in there, it's an unholy stink. 2. Handpicking and dumping into a coffee can of soapy water or kerosene. Or knock them off into the can with a stick. 3. Lightweight polyester floating row covers.
Then my guess is going to be that either the food stylist for the magazine didn't grasp the recipe, or that some editor left out crucial instructions.
K. Thoughts. You don't have room in the yard for another, smaller tree, like a Japanese maple. It's a small yard and a small house, and the spreading locust tree takes up all the design room in the yard, all the space. Trying to cram a Japanese maple or similar tree in there will make the yard look unbalanced and crowded, like, "I got this tree on sale and didn't know where to put it, so I stuck it here randomly." While a shade-lover like a dogwood might be okay in the locust's shade footprint, it's still going to make the yard look crowded and unbalanced. Right tree in the right place. A Japanese maple or similar small tree would need to be planted at least 10 feet from the house foundation, http://arborday.org/trees/righttreeandplace/size.cfm The tree would need to be planted on the red line, which is far too close to the locust tree, or to the neighbor's driveway. So, no small tree. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/RVe2dSx.png) Re: willows. They are legendary for the invasiveness, strength, and destructive abilities of their roots. Generally you don't want willows anywhere near your foundation. You want them, like, way far away. Out in the middle of the yard, or along the back property line. Not right next to the front porch. Re: evergreen shrubs for foundation planting. This is the bog-standard yew foundation that you are probably visualizing. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/vrOhm7Y.jpg) You can do Left-Hand Side, or Right-Hand Side, or you can do both sides. A tall thing at the corner. It's the hedge you requested. Note that the shrubs must not be allowed to grow higher than the windowsills. This is (A) for architectural effect, and in the case of the porch, (B) for security, so nobody can lurk in the shadows of the porch bushes waiting for you to step up onto the porch and fumble for your house key. There is absolutely nothing wrong with an evergreen hedge across the front. It's what everyone on your street has. It's low-maintenance, it does what you want. It's just...boring. What not to do. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/d1vCyII.jpg) It's very tempting to want to install a row of identical things all the way across, evergreens, or maybe shorter perennials or shrubs in front of the porch and taller ones to the right. Hostas, or daylilies. Pieris. Ornamental grass. (BTW pieris is poisonous, do you have kids? BTW pieris can get 20 feet tall, it's not a foundation shrub for a small house, it works if you have a huge 4-foot deep flowerbed in front of a rambling old farmhouse on a 2-acre lot.) The problem is, look at all your horizontals. You need rounded, random things to soften all that strict geometry. Anyway. This is what I'd do. It's reasonably low-maintenance if you mulch it. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/cTzXZgH.jpg) The hose reel absolutely has to go bye-bye. You can't have a hose reel on your front porch without looking trashy. Take it around back, and yes, you'll just have to drag the hose around the side of the house when you want to water things. Reinstall the shrubs you had before, at the two spots in front of the porch and the house. The spacing was well-done, it enhances the front entry from the street, and their slightly asymmetrical rounded shapes break up the severe geometry of the house's facade. They are placed very nicely--two in front of the door, and two in front of the corresponding break in space at the junction of the porch and the house wall proper. Personally I like juniper for this better than yew, it grows in a more asymmetrical way, and you're less tempted to carve it into a cube with the hedge clippers. I'd put a trellised vine on the right-hand side by the downspout. Or, a taller juniper allowed to grow loosely (watch the spacing from your foundation, not too close). You want a vertical note there, but not a straight geometrical note because the downspout is straight up and down. I'd use one of the vase-shaped trellises, not a right-angle ladder-type trellis. The big question is how much light the locust tree lets in, so there may not be enough sun for a climbing rose there, but you can experiment. Clematis is more tolerant of a slightly shady position. Next to the shrubs, there'd be a pocket garden, on each side, one in front of the porch, one in front of the house. This is made up of a few choice plants, arranged with taller things in the back, medium-sized ones in the middle, and shorter ones across the front. Their purpose is not to fill space, their purpose is to be special plants that you are proud of. If you just wanted to fill space, you'd be planting yews straight across. This is perennials and annuals, possibly a small flowering shrub like potentilla. You don't want geometric manicured things, you want loose, floppy things like hostas, purple coneflower, rudbeckia, impatiens, wax begonias, lilies, daylilies, whatever your light will permit you to grow. They're not going to be as colorful as MS Paint, they're going to be rather muted, in shades of green, white, yellows, blues, possibly some oranges and pinks. Their foliage will soften the brick behind them without hiding it. If you have enough sun, definitely a small rose. The two pocket gardens don't have to match each other, and actually you're trying to avoid strict symmetricality, so you can have different sets of plants in each. You can put the grass back in front of the porch where it's bare dirt now, or you can bump out the pocket garden in front of the porch a little bit. Your home is a classic Prairie School ranch, as filtered through the sensibilities of American suburban domestic architecture. The band of windows, the overhanging eaves, the flat hipped roof. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_School So this means you want to avoid clipped boxwood hedges and other such European formalities, and instead focus on loose, prairie-type plants, preferably native plants. This is also why a hedge straight across will look jarring and unfriendly. Too many strict horizontals. And this is where you need to get with your local extension office's Master Gardeners, because they will have lists of suggestions for what to grow there. They have a federal mandate to help homeowners with garden and yard problems, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Find your county here. http://msue.anr.msu.edu/county I am a big believer in porch plants. They make the entry look welcoming, as though people live there who care how it looks. I'd have an urn or a small deck planter on that porch with impatiens and coleus in it. Or petunias, or geraniums, if there's enough sun. There definitely need to be some medium-height spring bulbs in the beds. Daffodils, Darwin tulips. Crocus are too short to be seen well from the street. &gt; I have a big window right in my living room and would like at least a little privacy so it feels like less of a fishbowl. You can't have plantings, such as a hedge, tall enough to screen the picture window without incurring a substantial security risk on your front porch. The porch needs to be visible from the street, ask any police department. Nothing higher than about 3 feet. So what you do with your fishbowl is get some drapes and keep them closed. Or lace curtains.
Were they ever red and orange?
K. Some cultivars and hybrids are not that stable. If you bought them as plants from a nursery, I'd contact them and tell them they've reverted, they should offer you a replacement or maybe store credit. If you bought them from the Big Box, you are S.O.L., sorry.
What you have looks "tidy". It's not 5-foot-tall weeds, it doesn't look like it belongs to a meth dealer rental property. Prospective buyers don't care about "faded", they only care about "neglected", because that implies that the house, too, could be "neglected". Keep the grass in the flowerbed mowed, that's all.
Before anything else happens, you need two things. 1. You need to be sure it's okay with your landlord for you to plant flowers there. You need him to be on board with this because it's communal property, it belongs to the entire apartment complex. Is it going to cause friction if he already told someone else "no", and you simply start planting things? 2. You need to know how many hours of direct, unshaded, unfiltered sunlight the bed receives every day. Go out there and clock it. This determines what kind of flowers you can plant.
I am currently in the middle of wading through this while I work on something else, and I have lost count of the times I have wanted to slap somebody, somewhere, mostly because of the by-the-numbers which-cliche-haven't-we-used-yet writing. Oh, the dad forbids his daughter to date? Oh, "Your mom would be so proud of you?" Oh, the daughter has a secret BF who just happens to be a race car driver, just when they need to outrun the Feds? How unfortunate it would have been for them, yet somehow more entertaining, if the secret BF had been, say, a librarian, or a dentist. And yes, I *know*, "It's Michael Bay + explosions, what did you expect?" but I *loved* the first movie, it had plot and wit and characters you actually cared about. I sat loyally through 2 and 3, hoping that lightning would strike again, but doomed to disappoint. And now this one. Come over here, someone, and let me slap your silly face. What were you thinking. One very tiny redeeming factor, which is why I'm still watching: Kelsey Grammer as the Evil Bad Guy. I feel he is underrated at playing the Evil Bad Guy, I loved "Boss", and he is, so far, not being given enough to do in this other than throwing phones at things. I hope for more.
Yes, peppers can be more sensitive to heat stress. What are the other plants? You're told not to let mulch touch the stem of large plants with woody trunks (trees, bushes) because the moisture can promote rot. But a pepper plant isn't a tree, and if you're having such problems with moisture retention that they're wilting, you need the soil to be covered more. What kind of mulch is it? An inch of mulch isn't enough, it's just cosmetic. Depending on what kind of mulch it is, you could go with 2 inches for dried grass clippings, 2 to 3 inches for shredded bark, or 4 inches for straw.
How to make chuck into taco meat: Method 1: grind it up into what's popularly known as "hamburger", i.e. "ground chuck". Brown it in a skillet, pour off the extra grease, add your spices. Method 2: braise it as for pot roast. Cool slightly, then shred. This actually gives you what I tend to think of as fajita meat, not taco meat, but it's one way of rendering chuck tender enough to put into a sandwich. &gt;I read somewhere you marinate it in a ton of lime, pound it to death with a mallet and cook it at a high temp. That's marinated chuck steak. I suppose you could shred it and put it in a taco, but, again, I think of it as fajita meat.
They also come in on plants and flowers from the florist and from Walmart. Strictly speaking, they aren't lesbians, they're parthenogenetic, which is a different thing. Botanic nitpick. Lesbian is a sexual choice or preference, parthenogenesis is an evolutionary strategy.
Rabbits have highly seasonal and fluctuating diets, and whether they eat your garden veg depends on what else is growing in your neighborhood. Like people, they prefer the young and tender, but honestly, there's no telling what a rabbit is going to feel like eating today. I've seen them bypass the lettuce and go for, apparently, the weeds in the lawn. So the only way you'd know if "strawberry leaves" are still on the menu is if they're actually being eaten. Wild strawberries tend to have smaller and tougher leaves than domesticated.
It's not the pan, it's the stove. I'm guessing it's a gas stove? CO is given off by incomplete combustion. When you're cranking the burners up to super-high in order to sear the steak in cast iron, the gas isn't combusting properly and is giving off enough CO at that super-high level to trigger the alarm. Get your stove checked. And use the microwave until it's fixed.
They could have lousy kabobs from any cut of meat. Most people just go down to the store and buy "steak", and don't concern themselves with the esoterics of "which kind of steak". Whatever you can afford, that's what you get. For kabobs, it doesn't matter what precise kind of steak you use, as they're all tender cuts and will work equally well. For the purposes of telling someone on the internet what kind of meat to make kabobs with, I think it's sufficient to tell them, "Go buy some steak", and let them figure it out for themselves. They're adults, and adults know how to go to Kroger and buy some steak. Beef clod never, ever appears at any of my Central Illinois grocery stores. It's just not a thing. Maybe you could find it at specialty butchers, but I doubt that someone who's in /r/askculinary asking how to make kabobs is going to inadvertently buy some beef clod at Kroger. "Steak" in common parlance means t-bone, porterhouse, filet mignon. Not "thing labeled 'steak' that you never heard of before".
I think it's a croton, but you could check with /r/whatsthisplant to be sure.
It is my hobby. I haven't emasculated anyone yet with the bread knife, but he's real good about keeping the lawn mowed and remembering our anniversary, so the knives stay in the gardening trug.
Check with the extension office, google "[city or county] cooperative extension".
With moist shade, you can have a lovely woodland wildflower garden with native species, things like trillium, jack-in-the-pulpit, solomon's seal, native ladyslipper orchids, jewelweed. It's understated, and isn't what you normally think of as a "flower garden", but it's a garden for connoisseurs, and it will do beautifully in what is, after all, its own territory. Check with the Master Gardeners at the extension office, they'll have lists of suggestions, and sometimes there are free seeds available if you're doing native plants. Find your office here. http://cce.cornell.edu/learnabout/pages/local_offices.aspx You will have a constant battle with poison ivy, which is also a native wildflower, but you can deal with it by cutting the stems and then immediately painting Roundup Brush Killer on the cut stump. This avoids collateral damage to your desireable plantings when you're dealing with poison ivy in the midst of a crowd.
In 30 years it will be amazing. Children and grandchildren, yes.
Use this. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/tFi0p5d.jpg) You're welcome.
You can ask /r/mycology for an ID.
Also, "preventing soil erosion" is part of the primary mandate for the entire extension service, being geared towards agriculture, so they're particularly pertinent on that subject. So if you present it as not just a "Help me with my landscaping" problem, but also a soil erosion problem, you'll be in like Flynn.
They're shocked but they should come back. I'd mulch them deeper, like about 2" to 3" of straw. Water them only when the soil feels dry, not on a schedule.
&gt; how many suckers per season? max 5 in spring, summer, fall. 15 snips per year, oh the agony vs using Round up, one of the worst chemical products sold for public use. but i know this is the route for some people simply b/c they don't like their children and want them to die from cancer:) The EPA currently lists glyphosate as a Class D pesticide. http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm &gt;*Classification — D; not classifiable as to human carcinogenicity* &gt;*Basis — Inadequate evidence for oncogenicity in animals. Glyphosate was originally classified as C, possible human carcinogen, on the basis of increased incidence of renal tumors in mice. Following independent review of the slides the classification was changed to D on the basis of a lack of statistical significance and uncertainty as to a treatment-related effect.* It's unclear to me how spraying Roundup on mulberry suckers out in the back yard is going to expose the OP's children to gyphosate, unless they're tagging along and get in the way of the spray, in which case that's just bad parenting to not put the kids in the house when you're spraying weedkiller around. Glyphosate has a half-life in soil of from 3 to 130 days, depending on the soil and on weather, although 174 days has been reported in some densely compacted anaerobic soils. http://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/emon/pubs/fatememo/glyphos.pdf The primary route of uptake of glyphosate is through a plant's leaves, although some root uptake has been reported. The results of oral administration of glyphosate to birds and fish ranges from "practically nontoxic" to "slightly nontoxic". Studies of chronic exposure to glyphosate via the oral route turned up no anomalies. So even if the OP's garden veg, planted in a spot where heavy spraying of glyphosate had previously occurred, did somehow manage to uptake glyphosate through their roots, and even if the OP's children did eat that veg, not only would they probably not get cancer, they would probably not even get sick. And if the OP is worried about the remote possibility of garden veg planted in that area somehow being able to uptake the tiny traces of glyphosate in the soil, all you have to do is wait long enough for the glyphosate to disappear, broken down by soil microbes. With an average half life of, say, 60 days, 6 months ought to do it, a year if you wanted to be absolutely sure. I raised three kids in this house throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, and used weedkiller out in the yard when it seemed appropriate. Do you think I didn't sit down and weigh the cost? I'm the person who never even bug-bombed my house for roaches with permethrins and pyrethrins until the kids had all grown up and physically moved out. Roundup is a useful tool in the gardener's kit. I understand the reservations about using chemicals, and this is one that I personally reserve only for the tough ones--trumpet vine, Canada thistle, poison ivy, and mulberries. I certainly don't advocate that gardeners should get out the Roundup for every little thing. But you shouldn't disallow it just because of vague fears of cancer.
The fundamental problem with using stone that thin is that, when set on anything that isn't completely flat and level, it's going to rock on whatever humpy-bumpy irregularities are underneath it, even nearly undetectable ones. You think your substrate is level, but frost heave can shift it around and can magnify existing irregularities, so eventually, every time you step on that one particular flagstone, it's going to rock, and finally it will break. So with thin stone, you set it in concrete so it won't do that.
Is it sticky and cottony? It might be mealybugs. Take a better picture, or a sample in a ziploc, down to your extension office Master Gardener, they'll be better able to tell, Your Tax Dollars At Work. Google "[county or city] cooperative extension" and look around for your county.
&gt;deer, etc.) with some light wire fencing around the perimeter. Has to be eight (8) feet tall to keep out deer. Doesn't matter if it's light or heavy wire, if it's lower than 8 feet they'll just jump over it. &gt;moles, Lethal mole trap. So if the only reason you're wanting to build planter boxes is because of moles and deer, you don't need to do that. A planter box won't keep deer from eating your veg unless there's an 8-foot-tall fence around it. Moles are easily dealt with via trapping. Are you wanting actual planters, with bottoms, and if so, why? Why not just do raised beds made out of concrete blocks? No bottom, raised beds sit directly on the dirt. Planters with bottoms severely limit what you can grow to "things with shallow roots", which is basically radishes and petunias. With 2 acres to play around with, I would definitely be planting in the ground, and not even bother with raised beds, unless you have horrible clay soil.
K, thanks.
When my grandson was 3 and was slowly working his way through the "pee and poop only in this special container here" conceptual experience, he was proud to frequently inform Grandma and Grandpa that boys have dinkers and girls have holes, the reason he knows this being that he has a younger sister, and they used to take baths together, before he turned 4 and went to preschool and discovered the concept of "modesty", although it doesn't stop him from telling us about dinkers and holes. And when his sister in her turn started on the curriculum, she too was proud to tell us this factoid. The point being, I can't imagine how the woman in the article thinks her 3-year-old daughter doesn't know that girls have a crease "down there". Is she one of these parents who never allows their kids to see their own bottoms, and has shrieking hysterics if, during "changing into swimsuit time" or "pulling up panties after potty time", Tahlia Rose briefly runs around the house bottomless?
Also, "your community"? You mean like your town? Does the FB page not have an admin who will yank this kind of drivel? or is it maintained as a free-for-all for residents' random contributions?
Ok, so, you've got a fridge and a way to cook, just buy smaller quantities of whatever protein you'd normally be cooking and eating, and cook those. Get a small package of chicken thighs or whatever. A slowcooker is helpful, too, for pulled pork and adobo chicken. http://allrecipes.com/recipe/slow-cooker-adobo-chicken-with-bok-choy/ The paprika is for color, so may be omitted. You can also leave out the bay leaf. It must be thighs, not breasts. Just get the soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, and brown sugar in there.
&gt;This project has never been done before http://www.nature.com/srep/2014/140717/srep05627/full/srep05627.html They don't say how they made their artificial fruit. You might drop them an email and ask them. You might also ask these people how they made theirs. http://www.nytimes.com/1994/07/12/science/scientists-find-a-plant-that-dupes-birds-into-spreading-its-seeds.html
&gt; I've been spraying them with soapy water ever since I put them outside. Soapy water is weedkiller. You're supposed to use it only on specific bugs, spraying it directly on them, and then rinse it off the plant after an hour. What you have there looks like burn damage, not insect damage.
Also talk to /r/landscaping they do this all the time.
Just click on the wee picture and it maximizes again.
Not really. In Houston there are only a few types of warm-season grass that are normally grown, so there's not a big selection.
Ask around locally for what will do well. Check with nurseries and landscape centers.
Dirt on tomato leaves is totally a non-issue, and the potential hazards of spreading some kind of fungus are such that I would just leave the dirt on the leaves. If the dirt bothers you, wait until the leaves are dry, then use a soft clean paintbrush to dust them, like we groom African violets.
I have a secret soft spot in my heart for the kind of Chinese food found on those "all you can eat" buffets in Mid-America, the kind of place that has General Tso's chicken and beef broccoli along with pizza and mac n cheese for the folks who "don't like Chinese". It's basically Cantonese filtered through the American sweet tooth and American need for "things with gravy", because gravy is special, gravy = luxury. So you take an ordinary home-cookin' what's-for-supper stir fry, add tons of sugar, and give it a lot of drippy sauce, and you serve it up to the Americans at The Royal Dragon International Buffet, all you can eat, kids under 2 eat free. I like seeing the bones of the history under the sauce, so to speak. There's a line in "Beetlejuice", where Catherine O'Hara is eating Chinese food out of a white paper carton, and she says, "I can't believe we're eating Cantonese", implying that they're out in the sticks. I like Red Cooked Chicken Thighs. Sue me.
You have a hardware store in your town? Like Ace Hardware? Go down there and tell one of the retirees in uniform what you want, he'll hand you an adaptor, takes about 2 seconds.
Understand that nobody gets rich, or even makes a lot of money. You'll be doing well to break even. Know that nobody simply saunters out back for a few hours every day, gardens a bit, and then takes the resultant bounty somewhere and sells it for a nice chunk of change. That's not how it works. Your first priority should be to decide on your venue and on your product. Where are you going to sell your produce, and what goods are preferred? You'll need a farmer's market within a close enough driving distance that you're not spending your profits on gasoline. If you're figuring on selling produce from a stand out on the road, you'll need to live on a main drag, or better yet, an intersection, or be able to sign a deal with someone who has a lot that you can use to set up a stand. Or you'll need a database of local restaurants who are willing to buy your fresh produce. And if you sign them up, you then have an obligation to provide, or else lose customers. Suddenly the fact that you have pickleworms on your cukes becomes desperately important. Have you ever run a small business before? Selling produce from a truck farm is the same as opening an RV rental business or a restaurant or a day care center. You have the same problems--overhead, taxes, insurance, amortizations. Employees--there will be times when there will be four equally time-consuming yet equally vital things that all must be done on the same afternoon. Zukes, berries, and cukes all have to be picked now, not tomorrow. Tomorrow will be too late, and they'll be ruined, either too big or overripe. How are you going to handle that? You'll need a tractor with plow and harrow, or else a large and powerful rototiller. You can't spade up 1.5 acres by hand. You'll need trellising. Soil amendments. Fertilizer--are you doing organic, or chemical? Organic is not cheap. Mulch. Weed control--how are you planning to cope with weeding 1.5 acres? Fencing for deer, rabbits, woodchucks, raccoons. You'll need either floating row covers and the knowledge of how to do integrated pest management, or a shelf full of insecticides. As the commercial growers have found, "organic" and IPM are more expensive, and more difficult, than simply blitzing it all with malathion or Sevin. You'll need all day every day, for plowing, planting, transplanting, thinning, weeding, picking. It takes me 30 minutes to go through my rather small planting of pole beans. A row 100 feet long will take all morning. Do you have all morning just to pick beans? What about all the other stuff that needs to be done? Gardens don't take Sunday afternoons and Friday nights off. When you discover spider mites on the strawberries just as you're getting ready to go to the movies, you don't shrug and go see "Jurassic World" anyway. You'll need a way to start seedlings indoors in spring that has bright enough light and plenty of room for trays of flats. Final question to consider: how much do you know about gardening? (A) Been doing it all my life, I eat, sleep, and dream gardens. (B) Been puttering around with it lately, wonder if I can make some money at it. (C) Know nothing about it, but how hard could it be? (A) You have a fighting chance of breaking even. (B) You'll be in /r/gardening every couple of days, "HELP ME!" and by the end of the summer you'll be burned out and broke, and your wife, who will have ended up doing half of the work because one person working all day every day just doesn't cut it, so she has to take up the slack, is secretly socking away money for a divorce. (C) Same as (B) except that it will be over sooner, so probably your wife won't leave you. Pessimistic, yes. But also realistic. &gt; What could a person invest in their yard and make some money off of? Move to a legal-weed state and start growing dope. Seriously. Fresh berries sell themselves to restaurants. That's IF you know how to raise berries, and IF all your profits aren't eaten up by overhead and expenses, and IF you have restaurants nearby who want them. Of course, it's only a moneymaker when berries are in season. By Columbus Day, you're done making money (such as it is) for the year, and then it all just sits there, sucking up fertilizer and water, and needing to be pruned and topdressed and cared for. &gt;If I've got a few grand to invest in starting something more sophisticated, what could that do for profits? Seriously? Buy a share in a local business such as a dog grooming salon. Running a tiny truck farm (and as commercial veg production goes, 1.5 acres is tiny, it's a hobby garden) is in no way any kind of return on an investment. You'll buy all the tools, seeds, and tiller, grow a few vegetables, and the cabbage loopers and aphids and tomato worms and drought will get it all, and you'll have nothing to show for it in November. Way it works. Why do you think there aren't people lining up vacant lots all over America to grow veg for fun and profit? Answer: It's an enormous amount of work for very little pay. People who do it, do it because they love it, and they figure they might as well get paid enough to meet a few expenses along the way. But all of this is completely moot because: &gt;No existing infrastructure at all. (**Water**, tools, etc.) This is, quite simply, not doable at all if you don't have a way to water your crops when--not if--the rains fail. Crops that are expected to flower and fruit, which is basically everything other than lettuce and spinach (even broccoli makes flowers--the unopened florets are the part you eat), can require enormous amounts of water every week, and sometimes every day, in July and August. Are you going to rent or buy a water tanker truck, and haul water from elsewhere? How are you planning on watering the 100 feet of broccoli seedlings you just set out?
Spread out a bedsheet on the ground. Lay the pot down carefully so the tomato plant is on the sheet, then bundle up all the top foliage gently in the sheet. When you have your new pot and potting soil ready, have a helper hold the wrapped tomato like a dead body, while you maneuver the root ball into the new pot. Snapping off side branches isn't important, but your helper needs to make sure that the main stem is not broken. However, if it does break, it's no biggie, just trim off the broken part above the break, which you can then pot up if you want another tomato plant. I'd jettison the caging, as it's already completely inadequate. Either insert a 6 foot tall stake in the pot, or else set the pot inside a cylinder of concrete reinforcing wire tomato cage with bricks on the bottom course of wire, or set the pot next to a 6 foot tall stake or fence that you can tie up the main stem to with soft twine. As soon as your helper lets go of the main stem once you have the root ball in the new pot, it's going to need to be tied up to something right then, that very second, or it will just fall over and possibly break. So have your staking figured out ahead of time.
&gt; I could go back and point out the times during this back and forth when you've cut me down and belittled me, on a personal level, but I won't. I have never, *ever* deliberately belittled anyone on reddit, or on any other Internet forum or message board, or in reai life. **Ever**. And that is all I have to say to you. If you're going to persist in reading emotions into posts that simply aren't there, we have no basis for any conversation.
Ok, so, poking around on the Internet for plants that are both shallow-rooted and drought-tolerant, I turned up the interesting info that plants for a green roof must be both shallow-rooted and drought-tolerant. TIL. See if anything here strikes a spark. http://www.greenroofguide.co.uk/biodiversity-and-planting/ http://greengarage.ca/greenroofs/plants.php http://stormwater.pca.state.mn.us/index.php/Plant_lists_for_green_roofs Apparently sedums and other succulents are the crowd favorites.
If you live in a cold winter area, they will die if you don't dig them up in the fall. They're not perennial in that sense.
Things from abandoned houses? Absolutely. So far I've salvaged a pink garden phlox, a daylily, and a bearded iris from the abandoned house next door, and I once went over to the house on the other side when the old lady went into a nursing home and her son said he was going to rent out the house, and dug up her lovely coral-colored climbing rose and her white Dutch iris (which both unfortunately succumbed to the Drought of 1988 the next year, but hey). I knew it would simply get weed-whacked by tenants doing the lawn, and I was right, they weed-whacked the faretheewell out of all her other landscaping. Protip for salvaging plants: Do it in broad daylight, purposefully. Don't skulk or sneak, don't do it after dark. Put on your floppy gardening hat and your gardening gloves and your gardening shoes, march down there in the morning with your shovel and gardening trug and whatever bucket you're going to put the hostas into. Everyone who sees you will simply assume that you're legit (if they even notice, or care). Whereas if you tiptoe around and behave suspiciously, especially after dark, they may call 911, "Yes? Someone's getting ready to burgle or vandalize this vacant house..."
1. A picture of the entire house, with its landscaping would be helpful. 2. Post it to /r/landscaping attn: /u/ bullshit_to_go He is currently terraforming Saskatchewan.
You wouldn't need the egg poacher, I guess. Or one of those ceramic platters that hold deviled eggs. Or steak knives, unless you're the sort of person who uses a steak knife to open Amazon packages. Or a marble cheese server with the glass lid.
Did nobody tell you that you need to have drain holes in the bottom of any container that you use to grow plants? A raised bed is not a wooden box--what you have there is a patio or deck planter. And even if it was on a patio or deck, it needs drain holes. A raised bed is a bottomless frame that goes directly on top of the native backyard "dirt", which is then filled in with potting mix. This allows your plants to send their roots down deeper from the potting mix into the native dirt, and utilize the moisture and nutrients there. It also allows for natural drainage. If you're not going to find disaster down the road from overwatering--because your drainage-free planter is now a basin that is slowly filling with water--you're going to need to remove all that, plants and dirt both, and either remove the masonite bottom, or else drill a lot of holes in it for drainage. Also, if you used your "cheap garden soil from Walmart" straight-up, YSK that (A) bagged things labeled "garden soil" and "potting soil" are always too dense and slowdraining to use in raised beds, and actually (B) what you have there looks like the typical ingredients of cheap bagged "soil", which is mainly partially composted wood chips and tree bark and whatever random crap the supplier cared to toss in. It's not soil, it's mulch, plus it's nutrient-free, and it's not potting mix for raised beds, which should be composed of one part moisture retention (peat moss or coco peat), one part aeration (vermiculite or perlite), and one part nutrition (compost). So basically, sorry, but your entire setup there is less than optimal. But on the upside, you live in HI, so there's no frost clock ticking. Just break it down and start over.
They're that big if you don't spot them sooner and remove them with extreme prejudice.
Where I am (Central IL) redbud blooms its distinctive mauve color in mid-April, and is the perfect complement to the white dogwood that also blooms then. After that it's just an ordinary, light-green, small tree. It's an actual tree, so it has a trunk that goes up about 10 feet, and then a canopy of leaves begins. Spread and footprint on the ground is only a factor with shrubs. If you want pink, you want a flowering fruit tree--cherry, plum, crabapple, etc. Look for a cultivar labeled "sterile", so you don't have messy fruits all over your yard. And these, too, flower only in early to mid-spring (Washington cherry trees, etc) and then after that are merely small green trees.
autocorrect on a phone, I'm guessing.
They are stone evil if you step on them barefoot.
Remember, if you're in a warm-winter area, your SVBs very likely are laying 2 broods a year, so you're not done yet.
You might also ask /r/Chefit and /r/KitchenConfidential
If I'm understanding your description of your location in the other thread, this is a bistro or cafe (caff) in a small town in Wales? Your breakfast menu seemed like it had a lot of "stuff" on it, and this one seems that way, too. If I walked into a small cafe in my local town, I'd expect to see maybe half this "stuff" on there. It seems very elaborate for a cafe. I feel like if you're going to use standard Big Boy/Dennys/Howard Johnson/IHOP menu adjectives such as "rich", "succulent", "deliciously crisp", "exciting", "thick cut", "nice and simple", "freshly cooked", "hand coated in our traditional", "light and crispy", etc., that if you're going to wax lyrically descriptive about the food, then you should wax lyrical about all of it. You drop random compliment bombs here and there, some items get only a brief "served with", but then you explode into orgasm when you get to the batter made with real ale brewed in Pembrokeshire. Dude. It's just fish and chips. Also, you know that whenever I read menu adjectives, I instantly hear this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dy6uLfermPU You shouldn't need to specify that your chips are "freshly cooked" because that implies that there's a possibility that they might not be. Elsewhere in the menu, they are simply "chips". Are those the stale ones that have been under the heat lamp all afternoon? Similarly, are the "thick cut chips" with the orgasmic fish and chips the special chips, and all the others are the normal-size precooked frozen french fries? Ditto the "crisp" garden salad. I presume all the others are limp and browning. This... &gt;*SOUP OF THE DAY Fresh homemade soup made daily! Ask your server for today's exciting flavour* ...is redundant. "Soup of the day" MEANS the other two things. For sale: Hairbrush. Use it to brush your hair. Can also be used as a hairbrush. "Like a scotch egg, but different". Lolwut. Crusty bread "also available for 1". lolwut Are you going to bake me my own personal loaf, or are you actually scrupulously notating on your menu that you'll manage to slice off a single piece of bread for me? Bread as an appetizer? lolwut I can eat bread at home, I'm not going to a restaurant to be served bread as an app, bread is something that comes automatically with the meal. I'm not really seeing that nachos, chicken tenders, deep-fried mushrooms, onion rings, and garlic bread constitute an "ultimate sharing platter". It's a sharing platter, yes, but hardly ultimate, more like a stroll through the frozen foods section at Kroger, and then home to the microwave. Also, no chips? All that, and no chips? You can't have fried mushrooms and onion rings without chips. Unless it's a Wales thing, BBQ and sweet chili sauce are basically the same thing--a sweetened, slightly spicy tomato-based sauce. No honey mustard? No ranch? No other sauces? Even McDonalds gives you a choice of three sauces with your Chicken McNuggets. Two out of three of your sharing platters are basically nachos. So you can have bread (see above), nachos, or nachos. Is "welsh mash potato" an actual Welsh thing, like a specific way of fixing taters, or does it just mean "mash from taters grown in Wales? More menu information about the presumably vegetarian homemade Glamorgan sausage is required. What are they made out of? &gt;a freshly baked garlic bread slice A slice of freshly baked garlic bread. A freshly baked garlic bread slice is where you slice off a piece of garlic bread, and then bake it. Is that what you're doing? Also see above, "freshly cooked chips". &gt;Chicken mozzarella kiev 1. My understanding was that Chicken Kiev automatically means "chicken stuffed with some kind of cheese and, possibly, some kind of ham, but definitely with a lot of butter". So you don't need to specify what kind of cheese is inside, unless it's something molto cutting-edge such as individually hand-smoked llama cheese medallions. 2. "70s" classic. Should be "1970s classic" for clarity. A spellcheck won't catch that, but a human will. 3. "70s" classic. Should be "1950s classic", as, while it was probably invented in the early part of the 20th century, it was definitely already part of the culture by the post-WW2 period. Your sides are basically all carbs, not a cooked vegetable in sight, green or otherwise. Beets? Green beans? Carrots? Is that a Wales thing? Bread, breaded onions, mushy peas which are carbs because they are mature dried peas, potato, potato, potato, then there's coleslaw, olives, and "mixed salad" whatever that is. I guess the cabbage has some Vitamin C in it so we won't come down with scurvy on our way out to the parking lot. "Topped with a suet lid". Is it a Wales thing? Does the suet melt into the pie during cooking, or is it put on afterwards and just kind of dribbles half-melted suet down the sides? (yes, I know, I know, but that's what it *says*.) What is "red tractor farm assured beef?" Is it a Wales thing? The Mighty Middlegate sounds like it wants to be the KFC Double Down but is embarrassed to say so. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_Down_%28sandwich%29 1. What if I want to have one chicken breast and one beef patty? 2. What if I want to create my own Double Down and have all four things on one gargantuan plate? Because you know someone's going to request it. 3. Two all-beef patties isn't "Mighty", it's a Big Mac, whereas two chicken breasts is a Double Down. Slight disconnect there. Do you mean to offer a Big Mac, or do you mean to offer a Double Down? How do you season a crab cake with potato? Perfect Pies. Is that a Welsh term for a recipe? Or are you just tooting your own horn vis-a-vis your culinary skilz? Whatever, it needs to be in a larger font, and separate from Welsh steak, as befits a heading. I read it three times, wondering what "Perfect pies welsh steak and pembrokeshire ale" could be before I realized. Seeing gravy described as "unique" makes me nervous, and I'll pass, because how are you supposed to know what the chef thinks would be piquantly unique? A half-cup of powdered ghost peppers? Ditto the "unique" marinade. Is it a Welsh thing, to stipulate that your piecrust is made with all butter and no Crisco or suet? If your squash/spinach/goat cheese pie is intended to be your vegetarian option, topping it with a suet lid is a major faux pas, and you won't sell any of it to actual vegetarians. "Marinated in our marinade" is redundant. Is the toast also buttered with your butter? I get that Henry VII has a Welsh connection, House of Tudor and all that, but what I don't get is his connection to a platter of various meats. Was he known as a big eater as well as his son? Also, a 5 oz ribeye isn't a very big steak (and a ribeye isn't a very special or "nice" steak IMHO, ribeye is what you order when you go to a steakhouse but can't afford anything other than the cheapest actual steak on the menu and you're damned if you're gonna order the "ground steak patty"), and a 5 oz chunk of gammon isn't a very big chunk, but wait it comes with a pork chop, too. So it's like a token meat platter. A job worth doing is worth doing well, and if it's your intention to serve a Ron Swanson "You had me at Meat Tornado" Platter O Meat, do it right. Even if you age a ribeye for 21 days, it's still just a ribeye, and is still the cheapest steak on the menu. Diane is always capitalized, and should be sauce Diane, not Diane sauce. Ok, so the only difference between the two baked potatoes with cheese is that one has chopped onion and has its cheese melted on the grill, and the other one has no onion and does not have its cheese melted? I'm not seeing how those merit two completely separate menu entries. Is it a Wales thing? Mayonaise is spelled mayonnaise. Both times.
Lucky you. You live in the jurisdiction of the completely awesome San Diego Master Gardeners. Talk to them and dump this whole thing in their lap, they'll have lists, planting schedules, guidelines, everything you need to know, Your Tax Dollars At Work. http://www.mastergardenerssandiego.org/about.php It's like living next door to Rivendell and having some questions about elves.
It's a layer of water at the interface between the potting soil and the rocks, yes. Possibly only a few molecules of water deep, but definitely a layer of water. It's a physics thing, having to do with water moving between extremely different particle sizes.
I see. Well, it's perfect conditions for peas--they love cool weather--so they're growing happily. But the downside is that it's chilly for tomatoes, and they're showing it. They prefer temps between about 75F (24C) and 85F (30C) to 90F (32C). They are tropical perennials, and prefer tropical heat. So, once your winter is over and temps warm up, your tomatoes will begin ripening, but once it's hot, your peas will quit. That's the tradeoff. You can't grow winter and summer crops at the same time.
That is quite salvageable, yes. Give it optimal care and it should come back. It wants bright, indirect light, no direct hot sun, fairly high ambient humidity (if you're in the desert it won't be happy), and water it only when the soil feels dry about 1/2" down when you stick your finger in there and feel it. Is that the original pot and potting soil? Is there a hole in the bottom for drainage?
This particular early-summer blooming one, yes. Both Asiatic and Oriental lilies, along with others, are Lilium.
Lol, not necessarily. Does it look like the kind of shredded bark mulch you spread out in a flowerbed, or does it look like the fresh wood chips that you spread on a walking path in a park?
That looks like sunburn, and with optimal care the orchid will eventually recover. In order to determine when an orchid in bark needs to be watered, get a wooden bamboo skewer, the kind of thing you use on the BBQ grill, and push it down into the bark. When you withdraw it, feel it--does it feel dry, moist, or wet? This tells you how wet the bark is.
Not as long as you don't get any of it on the tree. Spray drift will carry droplets on the breeze, and in hot weather, the compounds can vaporize from weeds below a tree and carry it upwards. If it's a sapling, wrap it in a sheet or tarp before you spray, and don't unwrap it until the spray has dried completely.
When googling, use "-vanilla". Found this, under "orchid extract -vanilla". IANA confectioner so I dunno if this would work. https://www.thesage.com/catalog/products/Orchid-Extract-Oil-Soluble.html I found that "orchid" is also used as a color definition, so just because something says "orchid", it's not necessarily perfumed, just purple. Anyway. I don't know what product you're making, but I'd think that any "floral blend" would work. You'd want to avoid single-note fragrances like lavender, rose, jasmine, orange blossom, and violets as being too distinctive, but nobody knows what a Cymbidium orchid smells like other than an orchid hobbyist, so you could get away with a generic floral blend.
http://homeguides.sfgate.com/antirrhinum-majus-snapdragon-flower-types-39146.html &gt;*Since 1950, plant breeders have been revolutionizing snapdragon flower shapes. In addition to the much-loved original dragon jaws or snap flower form, an open-faced butterfly shape and a double azalea flowered form are now available.* http://articles.chicagotribune.com/1985-09-15/news/8503020849_1_snapdragons-lyle-pyeatt-bell-shaped-flower The genes are there, and self-sown is always a genetic crapshoot.
Knotweed flowers are upright. I have it on my back fence. Also, bigass fat juicy purple stems.
Horizontal strings is a.k.a. Florida weave, but there's a little more to it than just running strings. http://www.wikihow.com/Tie-Tomatoes-Using-the-Florida-Weave https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=437Z1TZoClg
See if any of this rings a bell. http://homeguides.sfgate.com/keep-corn-falling-over-44446.html
They're suckers or sprouts from something, but not lilacs because lilacs don't sucker yards and yards from the main bush like that. What kind of tree was the stump? Try /r/whatsthisplant for ID. Yes, both 2,4-D and glyphosate, if sprayed on those, have a good chance of traveling back to the main plant, wherever it is, and of damaging it, if not killing it. But do you want the main plant killed or not? If they're coming from a stump, I'd think you'd want it gone. Glyphosate will also kill the grass around them, leaving a huge dead spot in the lawn.
&gt; DO NOT USE Roundup. It has been determined to be a carcinogen and is awful, awful stuff. Actually, it's just the opposite: it has not been determined to be a carcinogen. http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm &gt;*Classification — D; not classifiable as to human carcinogenicity* &gt;*Basis — Inadequate evidence for oncogenicity in animals. Glyphosate was originally classified as C, possible human carcinogen, on the basis of increased incidence of renal tumors in mice. Following independent review of the slides the classification was changed to D on the basis of a lack of statistical significance and uncertainty as to a treatment-related effect.*
Fungus gnats happen when soil is kept moist. You discourage them by keeping it drier. Succulents aren't normally kept in terrariums, as it's too wet and humid for them. So solve two problems at once, and take your succulents out of the terrarium and pot them individually in succulent/cacti potting mix, as they should be. And then water them only when they've been completely dry for one (1) week. Your fungus gnats will disappear, and your cacti will stop rotting. Keep the ivy drier, too. &gt;nd now I'm super freaked out that my other plants are in danger. They are. From overwatering. Not from fungus gnats. The peroxide, it does nothing.
I'd have it in more light than 5 feet away from the window. Your human eyes perceive light very differently from a plant's photosynthesizing cells, and what looks like bright ambient light to you can be too dark to activate those cells. The light that comes in through a window drops off sharply in inverse proportion to the distance from the window, and 5 feet away is what I'd call "peace lily or snake plant distance", i.e. low-light plants can survive there. Frankly I'd have it about 1 foot from the window, making sure that the sun doesn't hit it directly. It needs all its photosynthesizing resources to come back from this, so you want to stimulate growth with bright indirect light, not dim light.
The only things rats can't chew through are glass and stainless steel, so even galvanized mesh hardware cloth won't help if they're absolutely determined to eat your tomatoes. However, galvanized mesh is what rat cages are made out of, so if your rats aren't completely desperate, they might leave the tomatoes alone. You'll need a 1/2" mesh. http://www.homedepot.com/p/HDX-1-2-in-x-4-ft-x-25-ft-Hardware-Cloth-308226HD/204331883 Encase the tomatoes completely in a cage or house, because rats can climb quite well, and if there's no roof or lid, they'll simply climb up and over.
It doesn't. But you can add stock if you're worried. You only add a couple teaspoons or so anyway. You're not making it slurpy, you're only replacing the small amount of water the rice has lost to evaporation in the fridge.
Ok, get permission from them to destroy it, then go for it. You'll need to step onto their property to deal with it where it lives for best results. What is the approximate diameter and/or circumference of the main trunk at soil level?
&gt;am wondering the necessity of using store-bought fertilizers when trying to grow vegetables. Using natural fertilizers and soil amendments such as worm castings, animal manure, bone meal, fish meal, etc, as opposed to chemical fertilizers such as MiracleGro, is generally, colloquially, known as "organic" gardening, and there are reams and reams of information about it, both in books and on the internet. Start with Rodale Press. Any book that says "Rodale" on it somewhere will be what you're looking for. Your local public library has whole shelves of books on it.
&gt; You should not make a blanket statement. It all depends. In my experience, complete newbies aren't able to process "it depends" situations. It's better to give them blanket statements--rules--as a starting point, and then after they've acquired some experience, they can branch out into finessing the "it depends" situations. &gt; start my basil indoors in a pot bigger than this and never had a single problem. But, see, you're already an experienced gardener, so you already know how to tell when basil seedlings are doing well, and when they aren't. A newbie isn't going to know that, which explains the flocks of "What's wrong with my seedlings?" posts that we get in here every spring that are accompanied by a picture of an 8" pot crammed full of dozens of overcrowded, gangly seedlings. I think it's better to guide newbies into following standard practices, such as, in this case, smaller pots, one pot per seedling, rather than into an "it depends" situation that only an experienced gardener would know how to handle. &gt;I am a 'gardener' and an 8" by 9" is not a Bigass Pot. Well, it is to me. Your gardening evidently differs from mine, since I've never had a reason to use a pot bigger than about 10" in 40 years of gardening. I only recently bought my first 12" pots to put my 40-year-old ponytail palms into. And the vast majority of houseplants go in smaller pots than 8". It's only when you get up to the plants that I mentioned--the mature jade plants, dracaenas, ferns, etc.--that you start needing pots bigger than about 6". Everything else that you bring home from Walmart or the garden center goes into a 4" pot, sometimes into a 2" or 3" pot.
Nitrogen in snow is a farm and lawn thing. There's no practical way to utilize it in any other context. http://www.agweb.com/article/is_there_nitrogen_in_snow/ &gt;*As precipitation falls through the atmosphere, it collects atmospheric nitrogen which is in the NH2 form. When snow collects on thawed soil, it slowly melts, allowing a slow-release of NH2 into the soil profile. Conversion to NH3 and nitrate fixing takes place without the microbial paralyzing effects of commercial anhydrous ammonia. Since the ground is already thawed, most of the moisture and nitrogen seep into the soil profile, adding to the total nitrogen content.* The amount of nitrogen is very small. It's only significant when you look at it in the context of a farmer with 240 acres that are going to need anhydrous ammonia applied in the spring. A heavy snow cover during the previous winter can reduce the amount he needs to buy. A turfgrass lawn that has had big snow piles on it all winter will frequently "green up" better in the spring in the spots where the snow piles were. I suppose you could collect snow, allow it to melt, then store it and use it, but it seems like a lot of extra work for very little reward.
Where are you located? Do you own or rent the property? "A job worth doing is worth doing well" obtains in a powerful way when you're talking about parking pads and driveways. The cheapest and easiest and fastest jerry-rig is to throw down some exterior grade plywood panels, and drive on those for a while. They're going to look like shit right away, plus make your yard look like the Trailer Park Boys live there. Next up is to throw down some gravel or rock. This will eventually make ruts if the ground isn't prepped beforehand with sincere efforts to make a bedding layer underneath it. The best parking pad of all is a serious parking pad made with a bedding layer and concrete or asphalt. Bite the bullet and resign yourself to it. If you use concrete, it's DIY-able, just a lot of digging.
Post pictures. Do they have roots yet?
I would guess that they do. If they weren't picky about something in their culture, you'd be able to buy them at Walmart. It's only the non-picky ones that end up in the Big Box garden center.
I'm not sure why you'd even need a greenhouse in Ventura County. Talk to the extension office to find out the best way to utilize it. http://ucanr.edu/County_Offices/
Terracotta pots used for cacti and succulents and kept on the dry side don't fall apart unless you drop them, and if you spray them with a sealant, you immediately lose the porous evaporative effect that is what makes them so good for cacti and succulents. With them in a terracotta pot, it becomes difficult to keep them too wet unless you really deliberately work at it.
Your best resource is going to be the formidable Master Gardeners of San Diego, under the auspices of the extension office. Your Tax Dollars At Work. http://www.mastergardenerssandiego.org/ They will have extensive schedules, guides, planting information, and binders full of advice, all free of charge. They will be able to give you advice on lawn substitutes that are more suitable for droughty San Diego conditions. You won't always have an El Nino to keep the grass green, so more and more people are looking into landscaping with drought-tolerant native plants instead of a turfgrass lawn. Lots of stuff out there on this, look under "xeriscaping". Were you wanting to build any stuff like sheds, pools, dog runs? etc., where the trampoline was? Outdoor kitchen, firepit? You always build all that first, and then start working on the landscaping.
Where are you located? This will dictate the intensity of light your plant is getting on a patio in the semi-shade. Watering 2x daily is overwatering. Bone meal and used coffee grounds are difficult to be composted by bacteria and then utilized by plants in mostly-sterile peat moss-based African violet potting soil. They're just going to sit there. They will eventually break down, because Life...finds a way, but not for a really long time. So they're more generally used outdoors, where there are abundant composting bacteria in the soil to work on them. A better seed-starting mix is part peat moss or coco peat, and part perlite or vermiculite. This is more sterile than the African violet potting soil, and cuts down on your fungal problems.
&gt;discourages driving (no curb means an occasional wheel may stray into the space, but something taller than mowed grass should help deter drivers). Not in my experience. Very few non-gardeners possess the power to be able to discriminate between "grass you can park on" and "ground cover you can't park on". If it's green, if it's not 2-foot-high, and it's not an obvious mudhole or paved with broken glass shards, sooner or later someone will park on it. Put up a fence, or a row of bollards, or a couple of half-barrel deck planter tubs.
You can grow lettuce and other greens under T8 fluorescents, but a windowsill just makes them spindly and weird-looking.
http://www.wikihow.com/Grow-Wasabi tl, dr; it's too hot in Houston to grow wasabi outdoors.
&gt;I live in a fairly humid, warm though not tropical climate Yeah. You basically need to live in a cool, moist climate. It requires about 4 to 5 months to be ready to harvest, which is 4 to 5 months of cool, moist weather. Not that many places on Planet Earth have that. Even in Vegetable-Producer-To-The-World California, there are only a few places where they can profitably grow celery.
Where would this have been? Where are you located now? If you're going to plant it yourself.
Ok, in your situation you can basically grow whatever you want. Start them in small pots, then move them up as they get bigger.
&gt;We live in zone 8b so it does seldom get below freezing. You live in zone 8b where historically, according to data collected for decades by the USDA, your temperature drops to 15F at least once a decade. That is what the USDA zones mean--"historically, on average, this is as cold as it gets here once every 10 years". That's not taking into consideration the occasional extraordinary Polar Vortexes, etc. That's your normal baseline climate. Once every 10 years, on average, you can expect it to drop to at least 15F. Those statistics are what make you zone 8b. It doesn't signify what the weather is doing lately, that it "seldom gets below freezing here" *lately*. What does signify is that it has the *potential* to get far, far below freezing. You'd have to live two zones warmer, in Florida, before you'd be able to truthfully say, "It seldom gets below freezing here." So this is why, when you're choosing trees, shrubs, and perennials, you go "one zone colder". If you live in 8b, you choose trees, shrubs, and perennials that are winter-hardy to zone 7, or even 6. You don't choose them on the basis that *lately* it seldom gets below freezing--you choose them on the basis of what the climate *can* do. This gives you plenty of cushion in that one winter every 10 years when it does get down to 15F, and all around you are neighbors with dead landscaping and container plants that got left out. To answer your actual question, no, it's too disruptive for your plants. They are container plants in a place where it's too cold for them to live in the ground in winter, so living in a container is simply their lot in life.
Give her some styrofoam coffee cups with potting soil in them and a pack of leaf lettuce seeds, let her grow her own salad. Punch a hole in the bottom of the cup with a Bic pen.
They don't need roots, they do that themselves. Make sure the ends of the pups where they were cut off are dried, with a callus. If they're still juicy, let them sit out for a couple days until they've got a callus. Then plant them in cacti/succulent potting mix. Water them only if you see the leaves are getting wrinkled. That's pretty much it.
In far northwest Montana, you're going to have such a short growing season that you may not have time to ripen long-summer crops such as melons and corn. Look into smaller varieties of tomato such as cherry and small slicers, rather than beefsteaks. So your short summers mean long, dark winters. I'd also look into getting some T5 or T8 fluorescent worklights, the kind you hang above a workbench, under which you can grow herbs and salad greens all winter long. Unfortunately they don't give enough light for peppers and tomatoes, but if you add some high-output grow lights, you're in business all winter, regardless of what it's doing outside. Your short, cool summers also means a lot of quick-maturing cool-weather crops such as salad greens and spinach. Your perennial herbs may need to have special provision for overwintering them, depending on what they are.
You're not doing anything wrong. Your plant in the picture looks fine and healthy. Pepper plants don't pump out fruit like that unless they're very happy. You received a mislabeled pepper plant, that's all. It happens. The fact that the trait for short, stubby fruit persisted into the second generation proves it. Sit back and enjoy whatever it is you actually got.
The downside is more weeds to hand-pull, because ground covers offer more spaces to random weed seeds to fall in and germinate. A well-grown and mature turfgrass lawn offers no little nooks, crannies, and niches for weed seeds to opportunistically get a start. So a ground cover lawn will need more patrolling for odd weeds that suddenly sprout up. Crabgrass is especially good at this. Any opening between the plants that allows light to reach soil level will bring out a crabgrass plant or two. Next thing you know, there's a 16" tall crabgrass shooting its seed spikes all over the place, and you're like, Where the hell did THAT come from.
Just because the studio Suits may not appreciate it and decide to dump it in February doesn't mean it's going to be a bad movie.
I'd be more worried about the lumbar strain on their backs when doing that. It's like the total opposite of what your lumbar muscles were designed to do, especially over and over again in a repetitive-motion situation, and I'm pretty sure workmen's comp won't cover back injuries sustained while doing something like that. Oh wait. It's India. They probably don't have workmen's comp. Never mind.
It depends on where you want to grow it. 1. Indoors in a container. 2. Outdoors in a container. 3. Outdoors in the ground. And on how much light you have. 1. More than 6 hours a day of direct sun shining on it. 2. Between 3 and 6 hours a day of sun. 3. No sun--all shade. 4. Indoors on a windowsill. 5. Indoors under artificial light.
Just wanted to elaborate that it looks to me like fixing that yard there is going to require building a terracing retaining wall, which will have to either be built around the surface roots of the tree, or else, more likely, removing the entire tree and then building the retaining wall. This is simply not something that a landlord can require a tenant to undertake. It would be like requiring a tenant to undertake problem-solving a leaky roof or a cracked foundation. And *then*, after that's all built and dealt with, *then* you can start with the lawn, either with sod or with seed, which generally takes a full calendar year to be truly finished, before you can say you have a mature lawn. Again, this just isn't something that tenants are commonly called upon to do. This isn't just tossing around a couple handfuls of grass patch, this is a full-scale lawn renovation.
&gt;I just fed him some nutrients a day ago What, specifically, did you do? Is the only lighting from the Aerogarden? Or is there a sunny window, too? How close to the light is the plant? &gt; he has plenty of water Not saying that's what's going on here, as I'm looking at fertilizer burn first, but one of the symptoms of root rot due to overwatering is yellowing and browning leaves, and wilting.
Come see us in /r/orchids and we will troubleshoot you. We have a sidebar link for Phalaenopsis care for beginners. Is it in bark or moss? How often are you watering it? What kind of light does it have? What kind of fertilizing are you doing? What is the temperature of the two rooms? If they're both normal room temperature that makes Homo sapiens comfortable, it's not the room's temperature that is the problem. However, if the warm room is the living room and the cold room is an unheated enclosed porch and it's damn cold outside, then yes, that's a problem. It's far more likely that one orchid is in the dark and the other one has enough light. Blossom drop after a big stressful move doesn't signify.
I use a rotation of different kinds of fertilizers (tomato, all-purpose, houseplant, "for blooms"). The fertilizer you use doesn't have to say "orchids" on it, you can use tomato fertilizer. One way of fertilizing is to do it "weekly, weakly". This means you use 1/4 strength fertilizer with basically every watering.
Soft Whites emit a lot of "red" light with a color temperature of 2700K to 3000K. I'd add a "blue" bulb to each fixture, with Daylight, or Cool White if you can't find those. Other than that, great, it's what I do. You want to hang the fixtures so the tubes are 2" (yes, two inches) above the leaves, then move the plants down or the tubes up as the plants grow. You can buy extra chain and S-hooks at Home Depot or any full-service hardware store such as Ace Hardware. I use lightweight chain, and take it apart with a couple of needlenose pliers, and just squeeze the links together again to make the right length. Get a cheap lamp timer to turn the lights on and off. I run mine 12 to 14 hours a day, depending on how fast I want the tomatoes to grow. I'm not a big fan of pods, peat pots, Jiffy pellets, etc., as they can tend to sprout weird-looking molds. Just use equal parts peat moss or coco peat, and perlite or vermiculite in a styrofoam coffee cup or red Solo cup. Punch a hole in the bottom for drainage. Put the pots on a tray to keep them from dripping. A boot tray or a bunch of aluminum cake pans works well. The only thing I use peat pots for is things that dislike root disturbance, such as bush summer squash and cukes.
Bones can simply be cooked and then ground up to make bone meal, a standard garden amendment for generations. I'm not seeing the point of the method you mentioned, other than I suppose it gives you a liquid supplement with quicker-acting calcium and phosphorus, whereas bone meal is a powder that takes longer to degrade in the soil and thus release its calcium and phosphorus. You can also simply dissolve bones in vinegar if you want a liquid calcium supplement. See ---&gt; the "Rubber Chicken Bone" science fair experiment.
&gt;For now I've been angling the pot towards the low sweeping sun to give them as much direct light as possible. Yeah. This is basically just barely enough light to keep them alive and growing after a fashion. It's sufficient to indicate to pepper seedlings which way is the light so they know which way to lean, and that's about it. It's not a long-term situation even for seedlings, let alone mature plants. They're going to grow pale, spindly, and weak, and flowers followed by subsequent fruit down the road will most likely never happen. Peppers (and tomatoes) need brighter light than even a southern windowsill in the overcast UK (and the Pacific Northwest) can offer. Some people with good luck and huge big bright sunny south-facing windows are able to get peppers (and tomatoes) to flower and fruit indoors, but they are the exception. Everyone else needs high-output grow lights of the sort used by the hydroponics people and marijuana growers. &gt;I do have some artificial lights that I can use if needs be If these are CFLs, they are for houseplants. If they are T5 or T8 fluorescents, they will do for your seedlings, but by the time they're about 8 to 10 weeks old, they're going to need more light. If they're leftover from a previous weed grow room, you're in business. Get them out and set them up.
CFLs don't generally give out enough lumens--they're usually not bright enough for herbs. You can grow houseplants under them, but for herbs a CFL is more of a maintenance light, not an actively-growing light. You can build a hutch out of hardware cloth and put your plants in it.
Usually you look for local recycling options. My local waste disposal sponsors a semi-annual drop for things like that, CFLs, electronics, etc. You go out to a particular park and they've got it all set up, you drive through and hand over your paint cans and things.
It's more like, "What seeds need to be scarified?" The vast majority of garden vegetable seeds don't need to be scarified, so you're just making extra work for yourself, and I'm not seeing the point. I grow all the standard things and I have yet to find something that needs to be scarified, even big seeds like cukes and sunflowers. They come up when they come up. I'm not in a particular hurry that I need to shave a day or two off that.
What kind of totes? Fabric or plastic.
I'd get some chunks of blue plastic tarp, pull back the soil from the corner, insert a chunk of tarp on the inside of the corner, then replace the soil so it holds the piece of tarp in place against the wooden framework. Or black landscaping plastic, or Hefty sack. But blue plastic tarp is sturdier.
0_0 And the thing is, the hanging plant would probably not be frosted anyway, as the tree itself, with its full canopy, functions as a frost tent, and the driveway next to it forms part of the urban heat sink, not to mention the surrounding houses. So unless they were anticipating a full-bore Polar Vortex (in which the plant should be brought inside), and were only expecting an ordinary 29F-32F frost, it's likely that nothing would have happened anyway. So this person will think it worked, and will spread it all over Pinterest. [sigh]
A florist without a greenhouse most likely will sell only cut flowers for flower arrangements, not houseplants. You want the kind of florist that makes up gift planters for hospitals and nursing homes, since those all require houseplants, so the florist has a small-to-medium greenhouse in the back to provide those. They also sell houseplants to the public. Or a garden center, but this time of year they may not have much by way of houseplants in *their* greenhouse, as they are getting geared up for the spring flats of annuals. But florists always have philodendrons and things, because people always want nice gift plants to take to the hospital. There is also always Walmart, but I hesitate to recommend a beginner to start with one of those neglected, dysfunctional, half-dead orphans.
Yeah, it's adorable. It's like watching London or Washington D.C. shut down for an inch of snow.
&gt;To be more specific, the carrorts, tomatoes, garlic, pumpkins, squash (to some extent), thyme, rosemary, beans etc etc etc I have grown are almost always of superior quality compared to what I can get at our grocery stores. Broccoli doesn't measure up. So, I'm wondering since I have read that cauliflower is a demanding crop, whether it would be worth my while and square footage to attempt to grow it. Sheesh. "Sheesh?" What was that for? Because I didn't give you a clearcut "yes" or "no" answer? I can't, because there isn't one. Cauliflower is the same as broccoli, carrots, tomatoes, garlic, pumpkins, squash, thyme, rosemary, beans, etc--none of it comes with a guarantee, "Yes, this is worth doing." There are just as many people out there who will tell you that growing your own cauliflower is a Holy Blessing from the Baby Jesus as will tell you that growing your own cauliflower is Satan's Favorite Hobby and will send you to the madhouse raving and cursing at bystanders while the men in white coats wrap you in your straitjacket. Try it and see. It may turn out fabulous for you, it may send you into fits of despair during which you'll swear off gardening forever and put all your supplies up on Craigslist. No way to tell until you try.
Thrift stores are a bounty of drip catchers: ordinary teacup-type saucers, all shapes and sizes of plates and bowls, glass pie dishes and casseroles, aluminum cake pans... You can jazz these up by using decoupage, paint, and other media to create a matching saucer to go with a cachepot for the actual pot that the plant is living in. You can also arrange your plants on a plastic grid above a communal drip tray. Eggcrate as used in fluorescent fixtures works well for this.
Tell us exactly what you have done so far, and what you were planning to do with them.
If you can put deeper soil under the roots, yes, but not by piling up soil around the leaf stems. The way they are now, with that setup--dim light, shallow soil--you are going to be lucky if they manage to survive 2016, let alone be able to bloom in 2017. What they require for that to happen will be strong, optimal growth for the next few months--bright light, deep rich soil. They're screwed on the latter, so all you can do is get them some artificial lights to supplement what's coming in through the window, and keep your fingers crossed. Also, if they do miraculously manage to put out a bloom stem in 2016, I'd snip it off immediately, which allows them to put all energies towards replenishing the bulb for 2017. But honestly, what you started with last Easter was a disposable gift plant. It's really not worth struggling to keep them alive from this point on, let alone trying to make them bloom in 2017, unless you're the kind of gardener that really enjoys fussing over sickly plants for months, in which case more power to ya, it's a free country, and I've spent my share of time fussing over sickly plants.
You grow them exactly the same way you grow gladiolus, so if you know how to grow glads, just do that for freesias. You can buy them from any reputable bulb dealer. Look for a company that sells glads and dahlias, things like that. Summer-flowering bulbs. You can also check out the Walmart/Home Depot selection this spring. Feel the bulbs to see if they're plump and heavy, eyeball them to make sure they're not tiny, wizened, and old-looking. Cheap summer-flowering bulbs can be fun to play around with for a summer as long as you keep your expectations low.
Do you own the property, or are you renting? If you're renting, it isn't your job, or place, to problem-solve this. &gt;There is a shallow drainage ditch next to my gravel driveway that is holding water. The ditch parallels the street, yes? It's only a few feet from the actual street, yes? And it continues up and down the street? And it's probably on both sides of the street, yes? If the answer to any of this is "no", get back to me. If the answer to this is "Yes", and this accurately describes the setup, then I am sorry to have to tell you that there is nothing you can do to drain the ditch of the water, and that if you do, you risk not only eventually damaging your foundation, but also of incurring the wrath of your municipal authorities for interfering with their arrangements for rainwater runoff. Those ditches carry water off the roadway during rainfall. Excess water on the roadway is a traffic and safety hazard, therefore when your subdivision or plat was laid out, those ditches were put in. More upscale neighborhoods have street gutters with storm sewers. You have ditches. This is a very common solution for municipalities that don't have the tax base to fund an entire stormwater runoff system. The ditches are also encouraging water to flow down your yard and into them, thus away from your house and its foundation. So you cannot install any kind of French drain, conduit, buried pipelines, etc. to drain those ditches without eventually coming up hard against your city, who will possibly not only cite you for it, but also force you to pay to put it back the way it was. If you want to drive your car up onto the lawn to park, get moving on pouring the slab for the carport. If nothing else, throw down some plywood. So no, you can't run a French drain under the carport slab to drain the city's municipal drainage ditch that drains the entire stormwater runoff for your block. In heavy rainfall, the French drain would be completely overwhelmed, as all the ditch water would be channeled straight into it, and you'd have water backing up into your yard.
[Uh huh.](http://imgur.com/9ybCT9R) NSA looks up from his sandwich, surprised by the angry delegation confronting him in the lunchroom. "I don't understand," he mumbles through a mouthful of turkey club, genuinely baffled. "How could anyone have a problem with this? What's the matter with you people?" The delegation, as one, turns on its heel silently, and exits in disgust. "What?" he calls after them. "Tell me what I did! I'm trying to improve! I want you to *like* me!"
That is very true, and I'd prefer the nice job, too. But duct tape is faster.
They began being phased out in 2012, as the T8s are more energy-efficient. http://www.lamprecycling.com/articles/T12-phase-out-management/ Modern fixtures can run both T12s and T8s, but there are potential ballast issues with mixing-and-matching, so I replaced all my T12 fixtures with T8s a couple years ago.
I am not sure what the white stuff is, but I'm guessing it's not good. It could be mealybugs, or fungi. I'd wipe it off, see if it's sticky like mealybugs or just like random fungus. Get your plant sorted first, then deal with the weird white stuff. The first thing I'd do would be to dismantle that entire florists contraption. Rocks, sticks, spaghnum moss, god knows what all they load in there. Ribbons. Take it all apart, and repot your orchid in bark. This comes in a big bag at Lowes marked "ORCHID BARK". Better-Gro is one brand name. You'll need a normal pot, too, that plastic sleeve is not a Forever Home. Something about that same size, in plastic. I use 1-quart plastic water buckets from Walmart, in the Paint aisle by the plastic dropcloths and scrapers. Or you can use an ordinary plastic flowerpot about that size. If you've repotted other plants, this is nothing like that. The bark only serves as a matrix to hold the roots in place so the plant doesn't fall out of the pot. Hold the orchid in the empty pot and dump bark chunks and bits around the roots, very casually. Bang it on the table to settle them down in there a couple times. Water it by pouring water until it comes out the bottom hole. Along the way, look for rotting roots. These are brown, and have a weird string in the center. Healthy roots are white or green, and fat. Snip off the bad ones with scissors. Human room temp is fine. If you're comfy, your Phal is comfy. Your south-facing window in SoCal is going to be too hot and too bright. You want the Phal to be well back from the glass, like maybe 2 feet. Or put a gauze curtain in between the glass and the plant. Blinds open is too bright, blinds closed is too dark. Water it when the bark is dry all the way down. Push a bamboo BBQ skewer into the bark all the way down to the bottom, taking care not to impale any of the roots. Pull it out to see if it's moist or dry. If dry, add water. Pour water through the bark until it comes out the bottom. Do this in the sink, eh. Now you're giving it optimal care, keep an eye on the weird white stuff. Possibly someone else will be in here in a bit to give some better insight. There is a sidebar link here to Beginner Care for Phals. Welcome to your new addiction.
&gt; I water it maybe every 1-2 weeks along with some cactus nutrition, Stop doing this. 1. Stop watering it on a human, calendar schedule. "Every 1-2 weeks" is not correct. Water it only when you put your finger into the earth, and feel it, and it feels dry. You decide when to water a plant not by how long it's been since you last watered it, but by whether it's dry and needs water. 2. Stop fertilizing it. Succulents don't require that much fertilizer to begin with, and constantly fertilizing it with every watering is going to give it "fertilizer burn", which is where the excess fertilizer burns the roots. So stop adding the "cactus nutrition". &gt;just some new Earth, not sure which kind The kind of earth you used is very important to know, because succulents require a sandy, gritty, fast-draining soil. If the earth you used was a peat-rich, moisture-retentive houseplant earth, it will keep your plant too moist. Your plant prefers to dry out in between waterings, but if it's living in moisture-retentive houseplant earth, it will be too moist for much of the time, and the roots will rot. I suggest you post your photo in /r/succulents and ask them to identify your plant. Knowledge is power, and knowing what species you have will help you to find more information on the Internet about how to take care of it properly.
Gnat Nix is sand. It's "made from 100% recycled glass" and is free of chemicals, which is what sand is. You spread it on top of the soil, and--so the theory goes--it interferes with the emerging adults as they crawl out of the soil. However, the layer of sand also functions as mulch, thereby keeping your potting soil even moister than it was, and since moisture is what attracted the gnats to your potting soil in the first place, using sand for fungus gnats can sometimes be a zero-sum game. http://www.growstone.com/fungus-gnat-control/ It's only toxic if your dog and cat decided to eat it, and even then they'd just get a bellyache from eating sand. Are they in the habit of eating sand? If you want to go the "sand" route, just borrow a cup of play sand from a neighbor who has a kiddie sandbox. Or use parakeet grit, in the box from the pet store. Mosquito dunks work. You can crumble one up and sprinkle it over the soil, or dissolve a piece of it in your watering can. They contain a bacteria that is toxic only to mosquito and other insect larvae. I suppose if your cat or dog ate an entire cake of mosquito dunk, they might get a bellyache from the fillers. Are they in the habit of consuming non-edible objects such as that?
&gt; If it was me, I would use roundup on the shrubs in the front yard secretly (best during a heatwave/drought period, not to raise suspicion), then notifying the HOA you have dying plants and if you could replace with something that fits in free of charge (hopefully they dont give you any approval list of replacements, just tell them its going to be a small decorative shrub from Home Depot). This is a really super-terrible idea, because if his HOA requires his landscaping to look like it did when he moved in, then they're simply going to force him to replace the shrubs with identical shrubs. So he will have gone to all that trouble and expense--of digging out the dead bushes, of buying and planting the new bushes--for nothing. And the HOA is not stupid--bushes don't abruptly up and die in 2 weeks without someone spraying them with Roundup. It takes months for a shrub to die from natural causes, such as insects or disease. Even severe heat wave and drought takes longer than 2 weeks to kill a bush. The HOA is neighbors, remember, and his neighbors know perfectly well that his bushes were fine 2 weeks ago. And in the middle of a heat wave and drought, *their* bushes are all fine. So, they're going to look at the facts, "Hm, bushes okay on the 15th, but suddenly dead on the 30th, and he so innocently wants to replace them with flowerbeds? Uh huh."
&gt; Yes, since I can remember it all I have ever seen is people looking right passed it and seeing the Good Times. My point exactly. Have a great weekend! Well, what would you prefer? A thread full of hand-wringing SJWs all rehashing old news, chewing over and spitting out what we all already know? We're just taking it as read that the flags are a Bad Thing, and are collectively moving on.
Do you have space available indoors, with adequate light, to start seeds early, such as tomatoes?
You might also try in /r/DIY and in /r/HomeImprovement
If it's just the few plants there, just hand-pull them. Throw down some lengths of wooden plank onto the grass to step on so you don't stand on the new baby grass and crush it into the mud, leaving a series of heavy bootprints in the soil. If there are weeds all over the yard, you can use a broad-leafed herbicide on it such as Spectracide Weedstop once the grass is mature enough to have been mowed for the first time. Make sure the label says "Safe for lawn grass".
Not much can be done without a picture.
Put it in a place where it gets shade during the hottest part of the afternoon, like from 1 pm to about 5 or 6 pm. Buy some seeds now and try again from seed at the end of August. If you wait until the end of summer to buy seeds, the Big Box has moved them out to make way for Christmas.
The dead crow doesn't need to look like it died in agony, it only needs to look dead. Get a fake Halloween raven and hang it from something so it's twirling in the breeze, and alternate it with laying it on the ground, as the crows will acclimate to it. Change the position, IOW.
That's true, but my aim here is to reassure a (possible) renter who might feel like he's under a heavy and unworkable obligation to fix a terrible-looking yard that doesn't even belong to him. If he's under this misapprehension and is wishing that he didn't need to go there, I'm happy to inform him that he's off the hook.
I'm not seeing anything that "needs" redoing. You can certainly change it around if it doesn't suit your personal aesthetics, but it looks fine as it is. Redoing an entire front landscaping plan is something you undertake after a lot of research on what you already have, and on what you like and want to replace it with. So, books, the Internet, the extension office, other landscaping. Look around, see what you like, what you dislike. "Will survive the winter" isn't the sole criterion for landscaping in Minnesota. There is also color, form, fragrance, winter interest...a lot of factors go into your choices. "Will survive the winter" is your starting point, and for that, the extension office will have lists, Your Tax Dollars At Work. http://www3.extension.umn.edu/county They can also help you with plant ID of what you already have.
I'd be thinking about protecting it from all the other things in your yard that also esteem ripe fruit, most notably birds. Bird netting draped loosely above the vines and down to the ground works.
Cover your lawn grass that's bordering it with bedsheets or something to prevent spray drift from injuring it, and use a sprayer of Roundup on the weeds. Allow it to dry completely on the leaves. Then add more mulch.
&gt; Tomatoes are expensive, you can look that up anywhere. Okay. How about Walmart. http://www.walmart.com/ip/Great-Value-All-Natural-Crushed-Tomatoes-28-oz/10415230 4.4 cents/oz which equals 70.4 cents per pound http://www.walmart.com/ip/Great-Value-Golden-Sweet-Whole-Kernel-Corn-15.25-Oz/10315427 68 cents/oz which equals $10.88 per pound. http://www.walmart.com/ip/Sunset-Campari-Tomatoes-16-oz/29235569 18.6 cents/oz which equals $2.976 per pound. More expensive than canned but still way cheaper than canned corn.
&gt; Per pound, corn is more expensive. Right. Corn--consumer corn, canned corn, frozen corn on the cob, not Archer Daniels Midland corn or feed corn--is more expensive than tomatoes. That's my point. &gt;Food is sold by and grown by the pound, at every level (wholesale, shipping, retail, etc). But those USDA prices in the "average price per cup equivalent" are adjusted for even-steven straight-up 1:1 comparison for the benefit of consumers, thanks to the USDA's federal-tax-powered calculators. That price there is not per pound, it's real-world a cup of corn and a cup of tomatoes--how much does each one cost? That's the entire purpose of those tables.
I see glass marbles in your picture. It looks like it's sitting in a container of glass marbles.
0_0 Tecnu helps, but you have to get on it right away, a week later is too late, sorry.
No question, make the bamboo your #1 priority. It's going to mess up everything you try to do, so get rid of it before you do anything else. Use whatever herbicide you want, I wouldn't rely solely on digging, as it can be years before you get it under control that way. Touch base with the extension office for help, they're being paid by Your Federal Tax Dollars specifically to help you with lawn and garden problems. http://countyext2.okstate.edu/ Everything else is manageable, and actually rather routine. It's just a question of weed control and addressing the lawn. &gt; some viny ground cover You're going to need to know what this is. Post good clear pictures to /r/whatsthisplant or else ask the Master Gardeners at the extension office as long as you're down there talking to them about getting rid of the bamboo. Get an ID on anything else growing that looks like it's not obviously weeds and you might want to keep it. &gt;yard is infested with ants, a few kinds. You *definitely* need to know if you have fire ants, because, like with the bamboo, this affects everything you do in the yard. And also if you have kids, you need to know this ahead of time, before someone gets stung.
You're still going to have to pull weeds even if you plant creeping phlox or something there.
You'll need to identify the insect before you can address it. Try /r/whatsthisbug
I'd go with Rudbeckia 'Goldsturm' and coneflowers (which come in colors other than purple now, yay) as the backbone on the left and right, with a grouping of 3 plants per side, and then fill in with annuals like zinnias, marigolds, sweet alyssum, and bedding dahlias for a pop of color around them. The rudbeckia and the coneflower are the kind of perennials that, while nothing fancy, they still get the job done, look nice, but are not something priceless that you'd hesitate to dig up if you thought of something better to do with the bed. They're placeholders one step above four flats of Walmart petunias. Hollyhocks are very problematic, because of the rust. Even the rust-resistant strains are still not rust-proof, and in a bad rust year, you'll be left with skeletal 8 foot tall stems by the end of July. The old-fashioned farmhouse strains are even worse. Hollyhocks are something you relegate to the back of the yard, by the garage, not something you put in a front flowerbed. Probably foxgloves come the closest to the hollyhocks stacking look, but they're poisonous, and they don't get nearly as tall.
Post a picture of the entire plant. What do the roots look like? Basically you have to support the parent plant and keep it alive and functioning until the keiki is big enough to live on its own.
&gt;then I got pissed because my renter was supposed to be taking care of the yard. Just so you know, generally tenants are only required to mow any lawn often enough so that the City doesn't come around and mow it as weeds, and then send you the bill. If you're going to require a tenant to maintain and pull weeds in flowerbeds, borders, and raised beds... &gt;overrun perennials ...you generally have to spell it out in the lease, and also touch base with them before they sign, and make sure that they're onboard with it, and that they have the skills and the interest to do so. So yes, you can keep their security deposit for obviously not mowing the lawn, but you can't really ding them for not keeping up the raised beds and the border. There isn't "lawn" in the raised beds and border, and if they had been mowing, they would have been fully justified in going right past the raised beds and any flower borders, and ignoring them. And not pulling weeds. Actually, be thankful that they evidently didn't simply mow everything green down to the ground, because people with nice yards and gardens who have rented them, on the assumption that the tenant would look after it all, have come back to find that the tenant simply mowed it all flat every week, and nothing remains of the peonies, phlox, and rosebushes.
When you water it, how are you doing it? Are you adding enough water so that it comes out the bottom hole? How often are you watering? How are you deciding when to water? What kind of soil is it in? What kind of fertilizing are you doing?
The white crusty stuff is usually a buildup of mineral and fertilizer salts. Remove the fertilizer stick from the pot. Do you have hard water? Sometimes the salts come from the potting mix itself. A plant that size shouldn't be drying out twice a week. I'd expect it to need watering maybe once every 7 to 10 days. General purpose potting soil used straight out of the bag is usually rather dense and slow-draining, so I wonder whether you may have left the original root ball intact, and simply filled in around it with the potting soil. Most dracaenas are potted in media that contains a high percentage of peat moss, if it's not 100% peat moss. When a root ball of peat dries out completely, it becomes hydrophobic, and water simply runs off it. This would mean that when you're sticking your finger into the soil to feel it, you're feeling the narrow band of potting soil that runs around the outside of the root ball, which dries out quickly since it's so narrow. I'd repot it in a mixture of one part potting soil, one part peat moss or coco peat, and one part perlite or vermiculite. Mix this together with some water in a large dishpan or something, to make sure the peat is hydrated before you use it. It should be in moist crumbles. Squeeze a handful in your fist and let it go. It should fall apart into moist crumbles. If it falls apart into dust, it's still too dry. If it's mud, it's too wet. If you didn't break up and loosen the root ball previously, do so now. If there are roots circling it, tease them out so it's all much looser, then fill in around them with the new potting soil. Dracaenas do not need a lot of fertilizing, so you can use any houseplant fertilizer once every few months. When you water it, add enough so that it comes out the bottom hole, and then discard this water immediately, do not allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it.
If you're swigging down two bottles of water as soon as you get home, then you're not hydrating yourself properly during work hours. Ideally you should walk in the door feeling completely hydrated. You can consume a ridiculous amount of water while weedwhacking on a 90 degree day in June. Take along 3x as much water as you'll think you'll need, and pace yourself during the day. Force yourself to stop and take a drink even though you may not feel thirsty yet. Calories are not the issue, nobody ever keels over from starvation while weedwhacking in June, but they do keel over from heat exhaustion and dehydration. If you have normal body fat and aren't anorexic, you can weedwhack all day with no lunch, on nothing but stored fat and muscle carb reserves. But you can't do it without adequate water. http://www.runnersworld.com/hydration-dehydration/prevent-dehydration-while-running &gt;*STAY ON SCHEDULE* &gt;*WHY According to a study in the July 2009 Journal of Sports Sciences, when cyclists recorded their plan for hydrating during workouts—including exact times and amounts—they drank more frequently and consumed more fluid midworkout than their nonplanning peers. "Planning helps people remember how much and when they need to drink," says lead author Martin Hagger, Ph.D., of the University of Nottingham in the United Kingdom.* &gt;*DRINK UP Note your thirst during your runs, and write down how offen and how much you drink. Review your notes to help you plan when to drink. Set your watch to beep every 15 minutes as a reminder to consider your thirst. "Drinking smaller amounts at regular intervals can help you absorb fluid more effectively," says Dimmick, "and avoid stomach sloshing."* Don't forget to bring salty snacks in your lunchbox.
Live trapping is not a permanent solution because another rabbit will simply move into the rabbit territory that has just become vacant. You have to kill them after trapping them, or else don't bother. Fencing is the best solution. Planting something that they don't eat is another. What flowers do you have?
&gt;Be available to me ASAP, in case shipping takes awhile Roses in the U.S. that are ordered online or from a catalog generally ship as bare-root dormant plants, which where you are unfortunately takes place much earlier in the spring, like at the beginning of March. You are going to have to rely on whatever containerized, i.e. non-dormant and currently growing, roses your local garden centers and nurseries still have in stock. Purple is a rare color for roses, so you may not be able to find a purple rose at the nursery in the next 3 weeks. They can order one for you for spring 2017. However, if you drop the requirement that it has to be purple, your local nursery and garden center will have a fine selection of containerized roses for you to choose from. By this time in the season, I'd avoid Walmart and Home Depot. There are deep reddish-purple roses. There is a hybrid tea called Mister Lincoln, and another one called Oklahoma, both of which are highly fragrant. Hybrid teas are not boot-leather tough, and are sometimes a prima donna. If you want boot-leather tough, you're looking at Knockout landscape roses, which basically come in red, pink, or white. There are other options in perennials. Of the list here, the following are IMO suitable and easy to grow, although not necessarily purple or fragrant, and your garden center should have them in stock, or if not, any online perennial dealer such as Bluestone or Whiteflower. http://thelanguageofflowers.com/ http://www.theflowerexpert.com/content/aboutflowers/flower-meanings You can choose whatever meanings you like. Coreopsis Shasta daisy Bearded iris or Siberian iris (these come in purple, and will increase every year) Lilac (unless that's bigger than you had in mind) Peonies are traditional in cemeteries because they bloom on Memorial Day, or at least they did before global warming. They don't really come in purple, but they can be fragrant (not all of them are).
Go by gallons, not diameter. A cherry tomato needs a 5 gallon bucket. A small determinate paste tomato like roma can usually work in a 5 gallon bucket. A regular slicer tomato needs a 10 gallon Rubbermaid tote. A beefsteak needs larger than that.
That's a tomatillo. It's a completely different plant. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tomatillo
&gt; But I just looked at back of my seed packet and it said to plant from May-July in my region. And I planted about 2 weeks ago, so I was right within that window. Odd. It's not odd at all. You were not wrong. He's in zone 7 NC/VA and his hot summer is now kicking in. You're in upstate New York, two zones colder, plus higher in elevation. Your climate is cool enough to plant kale in early summer.
It depends on what they are. Phalaenopsis and Cattleyas are probably the most commonly grown species that are the most drought-tolerant, but there are different ranges of tolerance for other epiphytes, and then there are the terrestrial and semi-terrestrials, who have a completely different set of rules. So what are you growing?
The basic underlying problem here is that, if all you needed to do was to kill ticks on the deer, this would work. However, ticks don't only live on the deer, they also live in tall weeds, brush, trees, and lawn grass. They drop out of the trees towards carbon dioxide sources, they fall out of shrubs, they lean over on tall weeds and latch on, and they crawl up your pant leg from the ground. My 86-year-old dad got Lyme Disease a few years ago from a tick bite in his own backyard, which backs onto a deer-filled ravine. He has 8-foot-high deer fencing, so the deer don't come into the yard, but the ticks do. There is info out there on landscaping around your home to prevent ticks from coming into the yard, mainly by creating mulch barriers and by removing tall grass and other plants. If this gadget made much impact, we wouldn't need to landscape, we could just all install one of these. So this gadget isn't a particularly great item for tick-infested landscapes and gardens. You might be able to reduce your overall local population, but it's not going to get all of them, it's not going to treat deer who don't feed at your feeder, and it's not going to prevent ticks from coming into your yard.
1. Found this for you. http://www.gardenguides.com/137957-mango-trees-grow-central-florida.html 2. Drive to the farmers market in Miami and buy mangoes.
If you're interested in exploring pest control, probably the most difficult one to deal with is squirrels. Everything else--bugs, slugs, cats pooping in the garden, deer eating the roses--has a roster of mostly-workable solutions, but squirrels tend to be a stumper, mainly because it's difficult to know what the hell they *want*. Are they thirsty, hungry, bored, angst-ridden? Are they rummaging through the geranium pots for a specific reason, or just for the hell of it? Sprays, powders, predator urines, motion-activated sprinklers and noisemakers...none of them seem to work for long. The only thing that really works is a .22, or an aggressive and hungry cat, or enclosing the entire garden in a chicken wire and slat house, with a door and a roof and everything. So build a better squirrel repellent, and the gardening world will beat a path to your door.
As long as it didn't actually hit 0C, and as long as they didn't blacken, they'll be fine in a few days.
It's not in the manifestos. That information is always provided to the electorate separately, in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet in a disused lavatory in the cellar with a sign on the door that says "Beware of the Leopard".
You can start out with any of the various insecticidal soaps. They work on immature scale insects, but physical removal is what you have to do with the ones that have already built their little "house".
http://www.fda.gov/Food/IngredientsPackagingLabeling/PackagingFCS/IndirectAdditives/default.htm &gt;These parts of 21CFR deal with what are known as "indirect" food additives. These are substances used in food-contact articles, and include adhesives and components of coatings (Part 175), paper and paperboard components (Part 176), polymers (Part 177), and adjuvants and production aids (Part 178). In general, these are substances that may come into contact with food as part of packaging or processing equipment, but are not intended to be added directly to food. So, for example, the plastic coating on the Hormel microwave Roast Beef and Mashed Potatoes shelf-stable packaging is an "indirect food contact" substance. It would make you ill if you drank some of it, because it's a polymer not a beverage, but it's not toxic or carcinogenic in the sense of dioxin or glyphosate, or lead. So your wood glue is the same kind of thing as that.
Well, the bad news is that it's a little late to be diagnosing problems, because when a leaf gets to that stage of all-yellow and crumbling, the leaf is finishing up the process of "dying". The plant has only one leaf remaining for photosynthesis, and that leaf is basically done. Prognosis: Not Good. The good news is, I see lots of fat air roots, and it has evidently used its last remaining strength to send up a spike. Sometimes orchids in such dire straits will make a keiki on a flower spike or coming off the main stem, and I see a green thing in the potting media, or is that just a weed? So take it out of the pot and have a look at the roots, and evaluate them. Roots that are tan, squishy, and have a weird string coming out from the center are dead and rotted. Healthy roots are fat, non-squishy, and are white or green. I don't understand what this is. http://imgur.com/JibBUK1 I get that the spines are from the cactus behind it, but...did you peel bark off the flower spike?
I have, yes. I meant that people sometimes dismiss him as yet another rock band wannabe, but the difference is, the man can *sing*. Really, seriously, sing.
&gt;It's also going to have the same level of snails and slugs as before, which makes most of what I like impossible to grow Slug baits work.
Wow. "Please review and purchase." Can't get much spammier than that.
Well, you might want to contact the American Orchid Society, then, so they can fix their web page. I've never had premature bloom drop, and I'd have to assume that neither has the American Orchid Society nor the other two commercial growers I linked to. Your company's secret inside information is apparently a well-kept secret indeed. &gt;If you suddenly fert an orchid under this regimen, it will often result in premature bloom drop. Nobody's "suddenly" fertilizing an orchid. You're supposed to give it a regular schedule of fertilizer, which it would seem actually *protects* it against premature bloom drop, since the AOS, at least 2 commercial growers, myself, and many other orchid growers fertilize regularly and don't experience premature bloom drop.
Also the OP only said he was in "Australia", which covers a lot of territory. I doubt if you'd be able to grow a Cymbidium outdoors in the sun in Alice Springs.
The water contains starch--carbohydrates--which may attract ants, flies, and possibly rodents. Carbohydrates are not usually added to compost piles for this reason. So it's up to you.
True lilies like Oriental, Asiatic, and Easter lilies don't go dormant in the sense that tulips and daffodils do, so you only move them during their fall "slowdown" period, when they're not dormant, they're just...slowed down. They'll settle in better if you move them during this period. You can find out when this is in your area by asking the extension office, or by checking in to any serious lily vendor website, giving them a zip code, and pretending to order something, as the reputable ones will only dig and ship at the correct time for your location. There's usually a range of times, like "September-November", etc. It's not like a starting gun goes off and an Olympic timer starts counting down and you only have a week to git 'er done. You can stick some shallow-rooted annuals around the base of those. Just poke them in with the tip of a trowel without disturbing the lily roots. Petunias or something. Sweet alyssum will drape nicely over the sides. Also, given that it's only the middle of June, and that they're growing happily in a tub, those are most likely Asiatic lilies, not Oriental. Not that it makes a huge difference, but Asiatics tend to be more robust, which is why Walmart sells more Asiatics in containers than Orientals. http://www.gardeningknowhow.com/ornamental/bulbs/lily/oriental-and-asiatic-lilies.htm
Where are you located? &gt; Tentatively planning to keep it inside, near a west-facing window, but I don't know if it'll get enough sun. It won't but that's not your problem--drainage is. Big wooden garden tables (which is what you're building--if it's up on legs, it's a table, if it's on the ground it's a planter, but that's just a Garden Geek nitpick so ignore me) go outside on the patio because every time you water it, muddy water will dribble out the bottom through the holes you've carefully drilled in it to provide drainage, a non-negotiable requirement for all containers. This is awkward in a living room. You can construct a 4-foot long tray to sit under your table, but then we're back to not enough light to make it worthwhile. There's light for houseplants--which go in flowerpots--but not for veg, which go in planters. Bigass planters are for tomatoes and zucchini, not herbs and African violets. And tomatoes and zukes grow outdoors, in the really bright light. There are lots and lots of houseplants you can grow indoors near a west-facing window, but not much edible veg, and the houseplants go in normal-sized flowerpots and yogurt containers and things, not in bigass patio planters. Normal-sized flowerpots and yogurt containers sit in saucers and aluminum cake pans and lasagna dishes, which solves the problem of muddy water dribbling on the living room floor. So, either build your planter and put it outside and plant veg and herbs in it, or go down to the garden center (not Home Depot) and get some easy houseplants. Pothos, sansievieria, cactus, and succulents will do well in your window, as will Just Add Ice Phalaenopsis orchids if you pull it back a bit from the window so it's not in the direct hot sun. A west window isn't really bright enough for herbs.
A picture being worth a thousand words. [GIS.](https://www.google.com/search?q=trellising+raspberries&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=955&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiWgOPSjqXNAhVHSFIKHQ0xBc4Q_AUIBygC) Post a picture of the one you've got set up.
It's to keep something from climbing up there, most likely a cat or a raccoon, but it could conceivably be a toddler. Does your neighbor have an energetic two-year-old?
You can also try in /r/marijuanaenthusiasts Yes, really.
Interesting, I didn't know anybody was out there doing that on a commercial basis (as opposed to Some Guy walking around his local woodlot or pasture).
Use a dolly, and offer beer and pizza to the strong back who volunteers to use the dolly to get them around town.
Unless you're absolutely certain that none of them can cross with each other (and you'd be surprised at the things that can cross), I'd use either a separate paintbrush, or a clean Q-tip.
Use Dannon yogurt containers with a couple holes punched or sliced in the bottom with an exacto knife.
Wasps are not attracted to plants, they are only attracted to the insects that are attracted to plants. If you keep your plant insect-free, you'll never see a wasp. Bees are only attracted to plants that make flowers. If you never plant anything that flowers, you'll never see a bee. There are no plants that will intrinsically repel mosquitoes simply by virtue of being on the premises. You can rub their essential juices into your skin, but you can sit next to a lavender or citronella plant all night at the kid's graduation BBQ and get just as many mosquito bites as if you hadn't sat next to a supposedly mosquito-repelling plant. If you have skeeters on your balcony, once you've made sure that they're not hatching out on your balcony and that there's nothing you can do, you go indoors in the evening.
Annual or perennial? How much sun are they getting?
Post a picture, yeah. How are you applying the Roundup, what brand are you using, and what strength is it?
How are you defining "pesticides"? Neem kills insects by messing up their ability to feed. Soapy water kills insects by ruining their protective waxy coating. Bt kills larvae by &gt;The Bt toxin dissolve in the high pH insect gut and become active. The toxins then attack the gut cells of the insect, punching holes in the lining. The Bt spores spills out of the gut and germinate in the insect causing death within a couple days. Salt dehydrates slugs to death. Beer drowns them. What about pyrethrum? It's considered organic, but it's definitely a chemical pesticide. http://www.motherearthnews.com/organic-gardening/pest-control/make-organic-pyrethrum-spray-zw0z1304zkin.aspx What about the synthetic versions? Where are you drawing the line? Lots of things in use qualify as pesticides. So how are you defining it?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shrub_(drink)
Wood mulch is potential termite habitat. It's not so much the edible wood as it is the moisture and the living space. A 15x30 area of wood mulch is going to be a 15x30 area of potential termite habitat. Personally, in SE TX, I wouldn't go there, but YMMV. How close are you to the Houston swampland changed into suburbs that is underwater frequently? Because you might want something that's not going to wash downstream when your town is on the evening news with dogs being rescued off porches by people in kayaks. I'd go with a concrete or paver patio, myself. Gravel is a bitch to scoot patio furniture around on. "I'll just shove my chair back, WCGW..."
Even though you probably don't have much of a problem with frost heave, I'd still put some kind of bedding layer under the pavers just for stability's sake, but yeah, other than that, that's pretty much all there is to it. There's tons of advice out there on DIY patio pavers. You can also check with /r/HomeImprovement Spring and fall are frequently the best times to find pavers on sale at the Big Box DIY stores. Look for "Home improvement time!" sales.
Plants will attempt to flower and reproduce themselves in the direst extremity, as anyone can tell you who has ever pulled weeds with buds on them and thrown them intact on the compost pile, and then the next year found weed seeds all through their compost. The dying weeds channeled all available energy to finish flowering and ripen their seeds. So just because garden veg on a windowsill is flowering doesn't necessarily mean it's doing well. Is the point.
Are they in fact mushrooms, i.e. the above-ground fruiting body of a fungus? Do they pop off like mushrooms? Or are they attached to the leaves? What is the composition of the soil? It looks like pure beach sand. Mushrooms always mean that the soil is (A) rich in organic matter and (B) moist, which is why the presence of what looks like pure beach sand is puzzling. Snake plants are never grown in rich, moist soil. How are you deciding when to water it?
&gt; WD -40 is a very well known insect control for tropical hibiscus. I've known this for decades. Well, I don't grow tropical hibiscus. So I feel better now. Looking around, I see that Pam is also suggested, if you don't have any WD-40 around. Interesting.
Those flagstones/stones/bricks or whatever, are potentially quite useful around the yard and garden, as borders, to hold down marquees and tarps, etc. So dig them up, but stack them somewhere out of the way, you'll use them for years to come. You can lay a base of pea stone over the tree roots, and then put flagstones on top (see, I told you they'd come in handy). As the tree roots shift over the years, you move the flagstones around if necessary.
The hack with the measuring handle isn't bad, but most gardeners I know use their own hand when spacing seeds or flats of annuals at such short distances. This finger joint here is 1", my outstretched hand spans 7", my palm width is 4", etc. And when you're spacing perennials or shrubs, you can just eyeball it, 18", 24", etc. I think I'd rather just cut some new plastic labels out of an empty gallon jug or 2-liter, rather than spend time sanding down an old one. I have to say that if you need a label for sage, you don't know your own plants well enough. /gardening snark He presents aphids as though the only organic solutions were hand-squishing or jets of water. AFAIK soap and neem solutions are considered organic. The sticky tape idea isn't a bad one, but it seems like a lot of extra work when you could just spray. Using gray water directly on food crops, even if you're using a "plant-based dishwashing detergent", must be done with extreme caution due to the potental hazards from pathogens such as E. Coli. There's more to it than simply dumping the dishpan out in the garden. http://aces.nmsu.edu/pubs/_m/M106.html I'd take issue with his statement that peas can rot in cold soil. Part of what makes peas one of the early spring cool-season crops is their ability to sit in cold, wet soil and not rot. Peas germinate in soil as cold as 40F, or, as they say, "When the frost is out of the soil and it can be worked", i.e. when it's not frozen and isn't mud. Beans, however, assuming he's talking about Phaseolus beans, will rot in cold, wet soil, and shouldn't be planted anyway until it has warmed up to at least 60F, so if you wait, you don't have the problem of them rotting in the first place. So starting beans indoors isn't intrinsically a bad idea, but it's an unnecessary one unless you live in an extremely short-summer area, and you're wanting to grow long-maturing pole beans. But if you live in zone 3 Canada, you should be growing bush beans anyway. In warm soil, bush beans come up so fast, and you need to plant so many of them in a row or patch in order to get enough (at least at my house), that starting them individually isn't really worth it IMO.
Well, with a very small amount of petals, like "a small handful", and depending on your climate and the levels of plant-borne diseases and fungi, you can usually discreetly sweep them into the lawn or flowerbed, where they'll rot down quickly in a few hours. But with mass quantities, I think your only options are going to be manual removal of some kind, with either a vacuum, broom, or blower. If you use a vacuum, don't leave them in the bag or receptacle to rot. A shop vac would work well, or a battery-powered DustBuster, depending on the amount of petals.
I'm saying that your bush is very rugged, and that, while you shouldn't simply casually ignore your problems, your rose isn't at death's door. The problems won't go away on their own, and you should address them, but don't lie awake at night with worry. Plants can take a real beating from both slugs and PM and not die.
Okay, what you're looking for will be understory woodland or forest plants, native by preference but it's not mandatory. Woodland shade gardens can be quite beautiful, especially if you're allowing room for pathways in your plans. It invites people to stroll through and admire the plants, so you plan it so the most interesting and attractive plants are placed at a logical stopping point to stop and admire them, i.e. you don't hide them away in the distance. Most understory plants are tolerant of occasional foot traffic by a dog, but they won't stand up to a dog beating a runway in them by continual use, so if the dog develops a favorite shortcut route that the plants can't stand up to, you may have to move some plants around and put in a narrow mulched pathway for the dog, like a hiking trail or similar. You will have a continual battle to keep out the poison ivy, as woodland shade is primo habitat for it. Just a headsup, when you're weeding. [This is what your woodland shade garden can look like.](https://www.google.com/search?q=woodland+shade+garden&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=955&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjjzbGq1rbNAhVBIlIKHR_ZDg4Q_AUIBigB) Your starting point should be at the extension office, where they will have a comprehensive list of plants, both native and non-native, that are suitable for this, and that will grow well for you. Your Tax Dollars At Work. http://extension.umd.edu/locations Some plants that I'd definitely try to include would be Virginia bluebells, astilbe, coral bells, hostas, and some North American woodland wildflowers such as Solomon's seal, dutchman's breeches, spring beauties, dogtooth violets, and possibly some native ladyslipper orchids. You will not be able to get any lawn grasses to grow in this shade. This would be a flowerbeds-and-pathways arrangement, not a flowerbeds-pathways-ground cover arrangement. Because the poison ivy will be popping up, you don't want to give it ground cover for shelter while it's doing that, plus you'll always be needing to pull poison ivy (and other weeds) out of the ground cover. You want everything to be either a flowerbed or a pathway, with no areas given over to ground cover. Conceptually, it's a garden, not a woodlot.
Before you start loading up a rooftop with plants, you need to look around and see if anyone else has plants up there. Soil weighs about 78 lbs. per cubic foot, and when added to the weight of the planters and the plants, can cause a roof to fail, as most roofs are structurally designed to hold only roofing materials and possibly an HVAC unit. So check with your landlord to be sure it's permitted, before you begin. You are not going to be able to cool down an entire 3-floor building with a few plants in planters. Rooftop gardens cool a building basically by preventing the sun from shining directly on the roof, and for that, you need the entire rooftop covered with plants and grass and things, which is going to be a project most likely outside your scope as a tenant. The building would need to be inspected and passed by a building inspector, and you'd need the landlord's permission in writing, before you'd be able to start installing that kind of wall-to-wall garden up there.
&gt; partially sunny area Basil likes full sun. &gt;it receives water about every 2 or 3 days depending on how dry it's been How are you deciding when to water it? Are you feeling the pot's soil, or are you going by "how rainy it's been"? Overwatering kills more basil than anything else. &gt;I still never get new growth How exactly are you harvesting? &gt; Is basil harder than other herbs? No, it's actually one of the easier herbs--IF you give it full sun, don't overwater it, and pinch it correctly. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_PsIwqoqjM
Ideal temperature for herbicides is between 65F and 85F. http://www.smbsc.com/pdf/060509TempsAffectGlyphosate.pdf So that would be a "no" on using Roundup. You have to be cautious when spraying around desirable plants, and cover them up physically with bedsheets, pillowcases, etc. to prevent spray drift from carrying the herbicide to them and damaging them. Pre-emergents are only effective at certain times of year depending on the life cycle of the plant you're targeting, and of course they do nothing for, or to, existing weeds. They only affect germinating seedlings. Cover it up, shade it out, wait for it to die. Get a bunch of flattened appliance cartons, hold them down with bricks.
I have no experience in propagating either of those, but when the Intarwebz, upon being consulted, says that their propagation is supposed to be easy, the first thing I'd be looking at in your case is what time of year you're taking your cuttings, as a possible explanation. Many woody plants have seasons when they're oriented more towards propagation. I'd also be looking at propagating in soil instead of in water, and in using rooting hormone, because, when idly googling around, I'm not seeing many people simply sticking them in water like you'd do with pothos or philodendron. And so I'm not seeing how an aquarium bubbler would make any difference.
&gt; Can I use that on food crops? Generally gray water is not used on food crops whose edible parts may contact the soil, due to the potential presence of pathogens in laundry and dishwater. You generally use graywater on shrubs, ornamentals, and things like bramble fruits. You should probably read this. http://greywateraction.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/study-S_Finley.pdf It kind of depends on how high is too high for you, for levels of fecal coliforms on your carrots and lettuce.
And what is their current state of growth? Pictures would be helpful. Lilies don't go dormant, not the way that tulips and daffodils do. If you have 4 lily bulbs, they need to be in a pot and growing. If you leave them until next year, they'll be dead. Do you have lights in your basement?
Get an 8 foot tall bean pole or stake, and begin doing single-stake pruning. Or put up some Florida weave.
1. Decide what you want to grow in it.
1. Water them thoroughly just before you leave. Allow to drain completely. 2. Bring them indoors and put them in a place where the light from the window shines on them, but no direct hot sun. You're not trying to make them grow, you only need to give them sufficient light to keep their biochemical processes ticking over for the next 2 weeks. In the middle of the kitchen or bathroom is usually a good place.
Well, if he'd built that for me, I wouldn't be inclined to quibble too much about a bit of minor unevenness. He had to dismantle the pool pump and remove a tree stump, I'd just be grateful it was all reasonably flat and that the damn drain now drains properly.
Yeah, I guess. What a shame.
You need to network into the global market and funnel your product into the worldwide stream, because you can probably get more money for it that way, by selling to a wholesaler instead of trying to sell it to local shoppers. Do some price checks at the market and see how much it's going for. Walmart. http://www.walmart.com/ip/McCormick-Gourmet-Herbs-Spanish-Saffron-.06-oz/10535087 You can't really see it from the picture, but there are about 6 threads of saffron in each jar. For $17. I doubt whether shoppers at your local market are going to be willing to pay $17 for 6 threads of saffron. Selling to a wholesaler also removes the problem of storage, as saffron is very delicate and needs careful storage under controlled conditions. If you're going to sell it by parcelling it out in small amounts at the local weekly market, your last reserves may have lost all their flavor by that time, and you'll have angry customers who won't buy from you again. The wholesaler has the storage facilities for it. Also, saffron is incredibly labor-intensive. Are you aware of that? All the harvesting has to be done by hand, and it's painstaking, careful work that needs to be done by trained personnel, as the stamens are easily damaged. It's not like picking a field of tomatoes, where you can tell your hourly help, "Pick everything red." Here's what it looks like. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVA1muwFjzU Do you have a pool of workers available for this kind of stoop labor? Have you ever grown saffron? Do you have farming and agricultural skills and background?
I'd get an ordinary T5 or T8 fluorescent shoplight, the kind you hang above a basement workbench, outfit it with a mix of Daylight and Soft or Warm White bulbs, get a cheap lamp timer to run them 12 to 16 hours a day, drop your thermostat in the fall by a few degrees for a few weeks, and never look back. Last fall where I am (Illinois), we had an unexpected unseasonably cold weather pattern for a few weeks. It wasn't cold enough to turn on the furnace, so we just toughed it out for a few weeks of the house being a bit chillier than normal. Put on a sweater, eh. It's cheaper than running the furnace. My basement, where all the Phals live, went abruptly from holding at its normal summer temp of around ~72F down to maybe ~66F for less than a month (the house upstairs has A/C from a couple of window units). Call it 3 weeks, tops. The weather normalized, we went back to our warmish fall weather, and a while later I realized that every single one of my Phals had new spikes coming. Every. Single. Plant. Drop your thermostat in the fall a few degrees for a month, put on a sweater, see what happens.
As long as the spike is still green, there's still a chance of a rebloom. As soon as it's brown all the way down, the show's over. I'd have those out of their teeny-tiny pots and into normal orchid pots, with bark. (A) Because they'll be happier, and (B) because that's how you do an end run around the whole waterlogging and root rot problem. It's very rare for orchids in bark to get waterlogged and rot, mostly only if you're a serial overwaterer and just cannot leave them alone but are dunking them daily. Repotting a Phal in bloom doesn't automatically make it lose its flowers. I've been gifted a number of Phals over time, the last one last Valentines Day, and I've always said, "Thank you how nice" and took it straight down to the basement and put it into bark, flowers and all, because I am a serial overwaterer and I cannot co-exist with Phals in moss. And none of them lost their flowers.
&gt; I added a half a bag of lime to each bed and tilled it all together. You generally don't add things to alter the pH of the soil without the results of a test in hand that says your soil needs its pH adjusted. "Adding things freely without testing" generally means enrichments like compost, composted manure, bone meal, fish meal, seaweed meal, etc., not things to change the pH. You fertilize garden veg more often than flowers or other ornamentals, because they're being expected to pump out the product, and if you're doing organic additions as opposed to straight-up chemical fert like MiracleGro, generally you can add as much compost as you want in unlimited amounts, and the other things as much as you like as long as they're in proportion and you don't load up your soil with too much of one thing or the other. If you're using chemical fert, generally monthly.
Yes. County.
Or the pollen. It's possible, but it's not a thing that happens very often, and it's not a problem if it does. It's far more common that they're tending aphids or scale insects.
You're right, he did. IME that's not how it works. Maybe it works like that in the upscale realms of people who hire landscape designers to put in expensive border fencing, but in Flyover State USA, if you want a fence, you buy a fence. We put up a chainlink fence at this house in 1986, and it literally never occurred to us to consult with the neighbors on the west whose driveway it abuts. And they returned the favor later with a cedar privacy fence around their swimming pool, which in later years actually started to fall over and lean on our chainlink, but they were elderly and both had cancer, so we never said anything.
I thought cardboard grew on trees. :p
Yes, perfectly well. Seriously. The decorative outer pot with no drainage is known as a cachepot, and is a time-honored technique for growing drippy plants on the nice living room furniture without ruining the finish. You water it by removing it from the cachepot, watering it at the sink, allowing it to drain completely, and then replacing it in the cachepot. I currently have four Cattleyas in cachepots because they need repotting and they keep tipping over, so the extra weight keeps them from falling over. It's all in knowing what you're doing. Can a man successfully put his head in a lion's mouth? Yes, perfectly well--if you know how.
Well, you've got a blank slate there, you can do pretty much whatever you want with it. What sort of thing do you like? Vegetables, flowers, herbs, roses, shrubs, etc.? Are you renting, or do you own the property?
Let her choose it herself. You'll get the wrong one. I can guarantee it. Save the receipt, if you just can't stand not to buy one for her.
Where are you located? The amount of shifting and frost heave depends on your winters.
Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell your climate or when your frost date is. So where are you located? &gt;I'm also wondering if I can sow in rows closer than the directions say, as I don't have much space left. Corn is probably the heaviest feeder in the garden, even more than tomatoes, and they're probably the most space-intensive after watermelon and winter squash. Trying to cram some corn into an overlooked nook isn't going to end well.
Well, the thing is, this isn't really an "entertainment" subreddit, we're actually considered one of the better "tech", or if you will, "educational" subs. Not that we don't enjoy looking at entertainingly pretty pictures, but most people come in here to find out how to garden better. And so if useful information appears to be absent from a video, it's noticeable. And thus I remarked on your omission of mulching as a weed-control technique, for the benefit of others who might be reading. And also, possibly, for your own edification, as it wasn't outside the realm of possibility that you yourself didn't know. We try to help people in here, "information dissemination" is the name of our game.
If you want foliage during the winter months for privacy, you're talking about evergreens, which generally don't come in blues, reds, and other colors during summer. If you want blues, reds, and other colors during summer, those are deciduous. Pop of color during winter months is generally provided by stems and berries. Red osier dogwood, various things that make berries, but not many of these are also going to do double duty as a privacy screen. Where are you located? Zone only tells how cold your winters get, it doesn't tell climate.
They must have gone out into the woods and brought back some weeds, then. People do that. "Hey, cool, I found me some wild berries for free!" etc.
What were they? It's not necessarily a bad thing for herbs to flower.
I see.
Awesome. Always enjoy hearing the success stories.
What is the brand name of the carpet cleaner? Lint is just plastic and cotton. Of more concern is the periodic hot draft blowing on the plant. Also, "right next to the house" usually isn't a good place for raspberriies, who need plenty of room to let them step high, wide, and handsome. They also need pruning and/or trellising to keep the canes under control. A raspberry "bush" isn't like a landscaping bush, where you plant it and then it stays like a bush. Raspberries, left untamed, turn into a thorny jungle.
By "carpet cleaner" I thought you meant a carpet shampooing system, like Rug Doctor. If you're just dumping the contents of a vacuum cleaner bag, that's unsanitary and messy IMO, but it's not hazardous to plants as long as it's just house dust. [This is what a bed of trellised raspberries looks like.](https://www.google.com/search?q=trellis+raspberries&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=955&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjL-Mr828bNAhUo9YMKHSQqBUgQ_AUIBygC) Do you have room for that?
By "bush" do you mean "determinate"? If not, then what do you mean by "bush"?
Yeah, the L-shape makes a difference.
How thin? Like less than an inch of soil? Two inches? There aren't any plants that I can think of, even sedums, that will grow in a couple of inches of dirt on top of concrete. What grows there: weeds. Prostrate spurge, prostrate knotweed. Those mats of flat weeds that grow in sidewalk cracks. Not even portulaca will grow in that kind of position, because the problem is there's no reservoir of soil moisture farther down deep in the subsoil to wick upwards, even in dry weather. A thin layer of soil over concrete dries out to complete dust, not even a single water molecule. You're looking at Sonoran desert cactus for that kind of super-dry soil. Or spurge. Is this a space where the mailman is going to drive his truck over them?
Cool. You don't need expensive purple grow-bulbs. Just get a mix of Daylight or Cool White, and Warm or Soft White. Get a cheap lamp timer to run the lights. Water plants the same way you feed a baby--when it needs it, not according to a human calendar schedule, "Once a week", "Every Friday", "Twice a week". Stick your finger in the soil and feel it. If it's dry, water. If it's moist, don't water it, but--come back the next day and check it again. When you do water, water deeply so it comes out the bottom drainage hole, and discard this water immediately, do not allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it. "Outside" type trees, landscaping trees--apple, pear, palm--don't do well in the relatively low light levels of indoor fluorescents. They do okay as small seedlings, but eventually they're going to have to go outside in the full sun. There are houseplants that are palms but without being palm *trees*, such as the very common Parlor Palm.
Plant another cuke. &gt;it's too late in the season for me to have cukes this year. It's not. Especially if you live in an urban heat sink or other warm microclimate, and especially if you're willing to go out there with blankets on frost-warning nights in October, like you do with tomatoes. Cukes, same as tomatoes, can grow just fine all during a warm fall, it's only the actual frost just before dawn that blackens them and shuts them down. If you can help them dodge that bullet with a fuzzy duvet laid on at bedtime, you're still in business as long as feel like doing it, and as long as temps rise up to about the 60s during the day, as the cooler the weather, the slower the cukes grow. Cukes seeds planted in July, if kept moist and not allowed to scorch out, and possibly given a little afternoon shade if your temps are in the 90s, will knock you down as they leap out of the ground, so plant them and stand back. They will make up for lost time, and your rabbit will have a very narrow window of opportunity to grab some cuke seedlings at the buffet. And put up fencing for the rabbit(s). Use poultry netting or hardware cloth, as an adult rabbit can squeeze through the 2" to 3" openings in normal fencing. It only needs to be about 3 feet tall, but it needs the bottom wire to be pinned snug to the ground, because Peter's mode of entry is to get his head and shoulders under the bottom of the fence, and then shove upwards. Or you can put an L-shaped flap of the fence spread out on the ground next to it, to prevent this.
Is the plot in a bright, sunny spot? I realize I'm talking to England here, but the sun must shine sometimes, yes? lol Here in the OMG-how-can-it-be-this-hot-it's-only-June U.S. Midwest, I'd cover the plot with clear 4ml landscaping plastic for the summer. http://www.phac-aspc.gc.ca/lab-bio/res/psds-ftss/msds153e-eng.php &gt;*Heating tissue cysts to 67°C will kill them instantly. Cysts in meat can be killed by heating the meat to &gt;60 °C or freezing it at -20 °C. Oocysts are killed if kept at a temperature of 55-60°C for 1-2 minutes.* Since in zone 8a England you're not going to experience soil-freezing temperatures of -20C any time soon, I'd go with heat. You may not be able to get it up to 55C, but anything is better than nothing, and there are other pathogens besides toxoplasmosis that solarization would at least slow down. http://vric.ucdavis.edu/pdf/soil_solarization.pdf I'd give it the entire summer to solarize and cook, maybe removing the plastic once or twice to fork it over and stir it, and then this fall plant an overwintering green manure or cover crop such as annual rye, and then next spring, spade it all under, and then plant veg whose harvest does not touch the soil, i.e. no root crops or leafy veg, same as with lead-contaminated soil. And wash your hands after working with it. Also, time and attrition will take care of a lot of it, soil biota being the voracious little scavengers that they are. Or, you needn't do anything at all. Just wear gloves, wash your hands and be careful. http://www.cdc.gov/parasites/toxoplasmosis/gen_info/faqs.html &gt;*Wear gloves when gardening and during any contact with soil or sand because it might be contaminated with cat feces that contain Toxoplasma. Wash hands with soap and warm water after gardening or contact with soil or sand.* Treat the veg like you would veg growing in lead-contaminated soil. Don't grow root or leafy veg, and wash everything you bring into the house.
Other than making a quick check for nails and pieces of broken glass, I can't think of anything, assuming that the reason they put the hot tub there wasn't because there was a toxic waste dump they couldn't use for anything else. And yes, I am a pessimist, why do you ask. :D
&gt;Is ordering topsoil and just spreading it over the whole area in 4-6 inches a way to fix this long term so we can mow it? Maybe topsoil and then sod? If the previous topsoil has eroded away and the rocks are now partially exposed on top of the dirt to the extent that you can't get a mower over them, adding more dirt and sod on top of them is going to create a mound, a hump, of dirt in the yard, and I'm not seeing how that's an improvement, because after you move on, the next owner of the house will logically desire to remove the random hump of dirt in the yard, only to discover that it's some kind of rock dump. He will feel about you, the Unnamed Person who left this mess on his plate, approximately the same way you feel about your prececessor who used rocks as fill dirt. How deep was the original low spot? Less than 1 foot, between 1 foot and 18", greater than 2 feet deep? Was it an actual hole or pit, or just a kind of swale? What I'm getting at, how many rocks are we talking about? For saving the amount of money it would cost to pay a couple of strong backs to haul rocks, I could pick up and move around a few rocks a day for X number of weeks or months, and I'm a 60-year-old grandma. You just have to be goal-oriented, not task-oriented. Take the long-term view. Or you could hire a couple of strong backs to do it, not necessarily a landscaper, just ask around for people who want to earn a little extra money. Depending on how many rocks there are and how hot the weather is (hint: do this when it's not 100F in the shade), I'd seat-of-the-pants it at maybe $50 to $100 per guy for the day, assuming the rocks are small enough to be hand-carried. Once you get the rocks out of the way, it's clear sailing, easy-peasy, just add some fill dirt and reseed with grass.
No, it's not too late. Later this fall, like in November or December, when you see that the top growth has died back and gone dormant, mulch over the top of them loosely with about 12" of straw. Don't do this until you see that the plant is completely dormant, and don't pack it down. It's just to cut the force of the wind, and reduce evaporation. It gives them a little added boost over the winter to compensate for their late start and lack of maturity going into the winter.
Insurance. Workmen's comp, medical comprehensive, personal liability, others. If you cut off your toe with the mower, if your buddy working for you cuts off his toe, if you cut off the toe of the client or his dog, you need serious insurance for that. Talk to your local Small Business Administration. You need to understand the basics of running a small business--hiring and firing, amortization, overhead, billing, purchasing, inventory control, bookkeeping, things like that. Classes at the local community college are good for this. If you're in an area in the U.S. where it's possible you might be, wittingly or unwittingly, hiring non-citizen workers to help with lawn care, you need to know how that works, green cards, work visas, etc. You need to have the name of a lawyer in your back pocket for when a client threatens to sue you over something. It doesn't matter what he's suing you for, you need to know of at least one professional lawyer-type person (not /r/legaladvice) who has, like, an office and letterhead and stuff, and who knows what they're doing and can represent you. Not that lawsuits happen a lot in landscaping, but when you do get hit with one, you need to be able to respond immediately and in a professional way, which isn't going to be asking random Internet strangers "what should I do". If it turns out that the two guys you hired off Craigslist to help haul rocks out of a field are illegals, and you get a nasty visit from INS, you need a lawyer now, not after you've gotten done asking the internet. A landscaping business is a business first and foremost. It's not just being outdoors in the fresh air playing with plants. That part of it is nice, but at the end of the day, you are where the buck stops when the person you hired yesterday to help mow lawns has done literally nothing today but take water breaks back to the truck every goddamn 5 minutes, check his Twitter, and bitch about how hot it is. Do you keep him on, or give him his pay and tell him to haul ass? Or when the client refuses to pay you for trimming the bushes because you trimmed the wrong bushes, or did it wrong, or shitty. You just donated your entire day's labor to that person, plus you still had the overhead of gas and oil on the truck to pay. So you're in the red already. If you're in a climate where snow removal is a thing, then you're going to have 6 months a year when you can do no landscaping work, and will not be paid. So if you don't land a juicy snow removal contract AND if it doesn't snow a lot, you have no income for that 6 months. Most small one- or two-man landscaping companies have a second job or a winter job for income, or a wife that works, or something like that, to keep from starving.
For place to mount lights, just put in some poles. Your priority for choosing shrubs shouldn't be "We can hang lights from them", because anything you buy, unless you're going to pop for expensive full-size items, is going to take several years at least to grow tall enough that you can hang lights from them.
Yes. But eventually summer will happen, and they'll be done. Also leaf lettuces.
I too have a plastic plant in my bathroom, after many years of fruitlessly trying to find an arrangement I could live with. It's a big south window, so everything is happy there--except me. I lost patience with needing to do "shade up" / "shade down" between showers so the plant could have light and our neighbors behind us couldn't see straight into our bathroom. Frosting the glass would have cut down the light for whatever was living there, and anyway I like being able to look out the window and watch people going down the alley so I can leap down the stairs and run out there and yell at them when they put their trash into my cans (true story). So I bought a plastic Swedish ivy at Hobby Lobby, put it in a thrift store teapot, leave the shade down except for when I want to surveil the alley, and everybody's happy. So we don't intrinsically hate plastic plants. There's a time and a place. What kind of orchid is it? Come see us in /r/orchids. You're going to need artificial lights if you're wanting to add plants away from the window. That's the bottom line.
Approach eggplant more like peppers than tomatoes. The thing about tomatoes is, they produce a huge root system that, in the ground, can go down 18" or more to the subsoil, and use the moisture and nutrients down there, and then it's going to fund this enormous vining top growth. So a tomato plant isn't going to fit in a simple square foot of space unless you do single-stake pruning.
All very true.
Leave it alone, cover it with a rubber or plastic trash can or tote. Keep your fingers crossed. We discussed this before. It's a "quite frost-sensitive" zone 10/11 tropical plant, and if it gets cold enough, it's going to be toast, and a Rubbermaid tote isn't going to help. Don't cut off any leaves, there's no reason to. If it's going to beat the odds in a zone 8 winter and survive this, it's going to need all the carb reserves it can get.
The directions are not based on any reality of how to actually care for orchids. The directions are based purely on marketing research. About 10 or 15 years ago, someone discovered that you can persuade Western consumers to purchase impulse-item mass market orchids if you can convince them that orchids are "easy", and one way to make orchids "easy" for people who know nothing about growing orchids, or even houseplants, is by telling consumers to water them by putting a couple of ice cubes on them once a week. It's a pushbutton, one-click solution. No muss, no fuss. No having to think about it, just drop the ice cubes in there and go out the door. As is outlined in the Beginner Care for Phalaenopsis link to the AOS care sheet on the sidebar, the best way to water is either by pouring, or by soaking. Neither method involves an amount as such. You pour water through until it comes out the bottom. Or, you set the entire pot inside a larger container or basin, and add water "until the bark floats". Both methods result in the potting media becoming completely saturated with water, which is what you want.
&gt;why mental health diagnosis came up and focused on is beyond me... Because [air quotes] "lithium" is a specific medication for bipolar disorder, and because people do come in here and ask for advice on growing psychotropics. So it's logical to assume that you were looking for advice on creating your own psychotropic. I'm still not understanding why you want to boost the lithium levels in your produce. You would boost those lithium levels by using water that has lithium in it. Plants growing in lithium-contaminated soil will uptake it to the point of toxicity. Therefore, plants growing in lithium-contaminated hydro solution will uptake it to the point of toxicity. But I'm not seeing the point of the exercise at all. &gt;You see, the nutrient combinations I use with well water still lacks lithium. So what? Plants don't need lithium. Your well water probably also lacks rubidium, cesium, and francium, but plants don't need those, either, so there would be no need to supply them. There are 13 elements needed for plant growth. Lithium isn't one of them. http://soils.tfrec.wsu.edu/mg/nutrients.htm
No, because if it gets wet--and if it's going to snow and ice, it's going to get wet--it will freeze in place in a big locked pile, and can then damage your plants. Snow is an insulator, but a big pile of heavy solidly frozen icy wood chips might as well be an iceberg encasing your brassicas.
It's a weed. It got there how weeds always get there.
You need to be cautious about the load limits of your balcony. Soil and pots are heavy. A cubic foot of soil can weigh 78 lbs, so if you have a 2x2x4 box planter, holding 16 cubic feet of soil, that can weigh at least 1,248 lbs, or over half a ton. Many balconies are only designed to hold two people, a couple of plastic chairs, and a Weber grill. So check with your landlord before you start filling up your balcony with pots.
It's a lot less cluttered. http://imgur.com/a/fSnMP Wunderground, full of blinky ads, esp the big banner ad at the top. Little boxes of small-font info. Weather.gov, one big box of large-font info and graphics, everything I need to know is right there in front of me, and if I want more deets, a single scroll down and I'm there. So weather.gov is for when I need to know NOW. Wunderground is for when I want to putter around like a weather nerd and look up precipitation totals. And the Weather Channel isn't for weather at all (finding their maps or Doppler radar is completely useless, an exercise in futility), but is great for entertainment. Love those stormchaser vids. Also, bookmark this and use it. http://radar.weather.gov/ Watches, warnings, doppler radar (how close is that line of tornado-containing bright red thunderstorm cells?)
The sun's angle is going to change with the seasons, and one day next spring or summer or fall you'll suddenly realize your orchid has big black, brown, and yellow bubbly marks on its leaves, and you'll be in here, "What's wrong with my orchid", and we'll be like, "Which way does the window face and where are you located" and you'll be like "South, and I'm in Texas" and we'll be like "Welp, your orchid is sunburned." Phals and hot bright south windows just don't get along, unless you have a skyscraper next door or porch or big tree that cuts off the light. If you're going to have a Phal in a south window in TX, put up some sheers and move the plant back from the window about a foot. Like I said, the sun is going to move, and something that's okay in January may be useless in June. &gt; The setting sun shines right in that window. The rest of the day it's indirect sunlight. The sun can't shine directly on the plant at all, not even through what you may think are tiny gaps in the blinds. Less than an hour of direct sun exposure can blister and scorch an orchid leaf. In the wild, it lives on a tree branch in the bright shade under the rain forest canopy. Plenty of light, but no sun.
Damping off is best fought, not by attempting to sterilize your surroundings, because that's impossible, but by growing your seedlings so fast and hard out of the germination starting gate that by the time the fungus gets its act together and attacks their stems, the stems are so big and strong that the seedlings simply shrug off the attack. And what makes seedlings grow strong and fast is bright light. For onions, full sun is optimal. So the fix is not Clorox, but brighter light. What kind of light are you currently using? Did you change your lighting for your onion seedlings 2 years ago? Are these indoors or outdoors?
Outdoors in the wide-open atmosphere, without a dome, greenhouse, or enclosure of some type to hold it inside, any moisture you add to the air is simply blown away and joins the rest of the wide-open atmosphere. If you have a plant in a dome, greenhouse, or clear enclosure of some type on a hot sunny balcony in summer, without a mechanical and--ideally--a thermostatically-controlled forced ventilation system of some kind, you'll cook your plant under the glass. Greenhouses don't just sit there in summer and passively vent the air, as with holes poked in a tent, they have bigass air-moving fans that make it go. Tomatoes need full sun, and if you shade a dome around them, you're thus shading them, and they won't grow properly in Colorado shade. I would question your assumption that tomatoes won't grow properly and set fruit in 20% relative humidity. Lots of Denver and other CO gardeners in here growing tomatoes outdoors without needing to go to extraordinary lengths to increase their humidity. Fresno, CA, is a center of commercial tomatoes for canning. Young plants are set out in January, and are harvested later in the summer, by which time the average relative humidity has plummeted to 20%. https://anrcatalog.ucanr.edu/pdf/7228.pdf https://weatherspark.com/averages/30235/Fresno-California-United-States There are many reasons for blossom drop in tomatoes and peppers. It sounds to me like your reason for pepper blossom drop was more likely high temperatures, not low humidity. http://gardening.about.com/od/problemspest1/a/BlossomDrop.htm
&gt; Also, this is a ridiculously dumb question What is? I'd just go ahead and put in the 100 watt bulb in the architect lamp. In New England, in winter, in a SW window, with the sun low on the southern horizon, it's "can't hurt, might help". It's not possible AFAIK for a simple 100 watt reading lamp bulb to provide too much light for an orchid, as it only puts out maybe 1600 lumens, which is less than even a T8 fluorescent shop light tube. [Architect lamp, BTW,](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=architect+lamp&amp;tbm=shop) not a "gooseneck lamp", as all the so-called "gooseneck lamps" anymore seem to be those itty-bitty college-dorm-room reading lamps, and not a genuine big ol' gooseneck lamp.
It depends on what they are and on what kind of lights they are.
Overwatering will cause that. How often are you watering, and how are you deciding when to water?
Mm. Yeah. That's one of those LPT things, formerly known as Hints From Heloise ("Perk up those wilted houseplants with a sauna in the kitchen sink!") that doesn't really have a real-world application. What you need to do is troubleshoot the fundamental reason why the cyclamen is wilted, and address that. And none of the fixes for those reasons involves "drastically and temporarily increase the humidity around it". Sorry, Bunny. If it's wilted because it needs water, then water it. Steam won't help. If it's wilted because it has rot, steam won't help. If it's wilted because it's too wet, steam won't help. If it's wilted because it's going dormant, steam won't help. If it's wilted because it's too hot or too cold or too bright, steam won't help.
&gt; before it was ready to harvest things seemed to get scorched in the sun and I'd lose some things. You garden in time as well in space. You were growing cool-season crops during the warm season, I'm guessing. Lettuce, spinach, radishes, like that? That's a problem of timing, not "black thumb', and is easily fixable.
It's eating something dead. Is the dead thing pothos roots?
Post pictures. Two ways that aphids come indoors: 1. They have a winged stage, and the wind blows them in through an open door or window. 2. They come in on cut flowers, new houseplants, etc. I refuse to allow my husband to bring me flowers for Mothers and Valentines Day for this reason. &gt;Also, any tips for preventing the basil plant from becoming root bound? 1. Pinch it back. You should do this anyway. 2. When it does eventually fill its pot with roots, you up-pot it one size. There are people who have huge mature basil bushes in 2 gallon pots.
Depends on where you're located. So where are you? Usually cool-season early spring crops like beets and snap peas don't require a cold frame unless you live in, like, zone 2 Arctic. They will survive, on their own, without a cold frame, frosts down to a hard freeze, which is defined as &lt;25F/-4C for longer than 4 hours, i.e. overnight. You direct-seed them as soon as the frost is out of the ground and the soil can be worked, which is very late winter and very early spring.
lolwut. 12x4 box of what? Triffids that feed hourly and will come into your house and devour you and your children if you don't keep the nutes coming? http://imgur.com/a/x2880 That's basically enough for a 2 acre truck farm. Also I'd check the "Use By" date on them, because a lot of them have that "been sitting on the shelf for a long time" look.
Depends on where you're located. In zones 4-6, maybe 7, it's still too early to start tomatoes. I don't start mine until March 15.
I am temporarily between African violet collections, after having undergone a lengthy ordeal by blossom thrips that eventually required discarding the entire group, and I'm not really over it yet and ready to start over, but before that, I had them since 1975. The big thing with them is, besides the usual "yadda yadda" about overwatering and "only water when the soil is dry", is that they hate-hate-hate wide swings between wet and dry. If you let it get so dry that the leaves go limp, and then flood it with water in an agony of apologetic remorse, that's a plant that's 85% going to come down with root rot. The fine root hairs die in the drought, and then the flooding shuts off all the oxygen between the soil particles, so anaerobic rot bacteria get started, and Saintpaulia just seems peculiarly susceptible to root rot. Nothing on their fast-draining native hillsides prepared them evolutionarily to cope with excess water at the roots. The fine root hairs are dead, so it can't uptake water and nutrients in order to repair itself and grow more fine root hairs. So it then frequently becomes a downward death spiral that is very hard to fix. You can cut off the top gooseneck and try to root it with rooting hormone, but it's best just to not let them get that dry in the first place. OR, when you discover that you let them dry out to the point of wilting, don't flood them, but instead give them just a tiny merest wetting of the soil, and then do it again the next day, and so forth, until the potting mix is once again moist. So this is how they get their rep for being difficult. They want their soil evenly moist, and by evenly moist, they mean evenly moist dammit, and not "sporadically watered whenever you remember". Even a notably temperamental Boston fern is a better sport about being allowed to get too dry and then being rehydrated. It'll shed brown leaflets all over the table, but at least it won't fucking *die*. African violets fucking die. Their leaves jelly, and when you're at the brown jelly stage, there's no fix. Even trying to salvage a leaf from the unjellied center rosette may not work, as it's not mature enough and doesn't have the carb reserves to start new babies. So, they're difficult if you're not the sort of person who can obsessively check a plant's moisture level with a finger every. single. day. Because a violet can be "mmm, still doesn't need water" on Monday and then by Tuesday need watering today, not tomorrow. The mass market Walmart cultivars, the Optimaras and so forth, are a lot better about tolerating haphazard watering than the cultivars you buy from hybridizers, but even they have their limits. If you buy a half-dead flowerless Walmart garden center survivor in the middle of July, you'll know that's a potential survivor and is a good bet, but, again, even it will have its limits. So you keep it evenly moist by doing equal parts of peat moss, vermiculite, and perlite. You'll note that this has no potting soil. In the wild, they live in tiny pockets of leaf mold in the limestone bedrock, so they need a mix that's light, loose, but moisture-retentive. The peat moss and vermiculite do the moisture thing, the perlite adds lightness. So you need to fertilize regularly, as this is nutrient-free. Since this is peat moss, once it dries out it's a bastard to rehydrate. So another reason for the daily finger check. You can't let it dry out completely. So if you can live with something that requires a daily finger check for moisture, you will have no trouble growing African violets. If you're the sort who waters the pothos only when you notice it's wilted, you're gonna have a bad time. There is always wick or capillary watering, but it can take some tinkering to get it right. I did it for a while, and I found that the savings in time and convenience wasn't worth the tradeoff of constant monitoring, as you stiil have to check it every day to be sure it's working. And then there's the periodic flushing as the top of the soil gets crusty, and did I mention they don't appreciate being flooded with water? I also ended up with fungus gnat larvae constantly colonizing the reservoirs, swimming around happily, and this was before Bt and mosquito dunks. So I'm not a fan of wick watering.
Well, I'm still not able to see bugs, but as long as you don't see webbing, I'd just get some insecticidal soap and follow the instructions.
Not studies, just articles. See if there's anything there you can use. I assume you're trying to persuade a store owner to put a planter in front of his store? IME the biggest objection that store owners have to planters is (A) increased labor for employees, who will have to take time off from ringing up customers and restocking shelves to maintain it, and (B) they tend to fill up with cigarette butts, soda cans, and other less mentionable trash, thus requiring increased labor for employees ditto ditto. Also sometimes (C) a planter can block access to the door for disabled customers. http://ellisonchair.tamu.edu/economic-benefits-of-plants/#.WHlY2vkrKUk https://projectevergreen.org/resources/economic-benefits-of-green-spaces/
What are its dimensions? You would need to make holes in the bottom for drainage.
I like pole beans better than bush beans. * They don't require the stoop labor of thinning. * They don't burn out and need to be succession-planted all summer if you want to keep them coming. They get a slower start, but then they bear continually until after a severe frost. * They are easier to pick, since the pods are at eye level. * In a teepee, kids love to help with the "treasure hunt". They will not do well on a normal rectangular or arched rose or clematis trellis, as the vines wind around and around the slats, and then hide the beans behind them inside the leaves. The dead vines are also a bastard to clean off a rose trellis in the fall. Either do a teepee or A-frame, or else do horizontal strings. The advantage of the teepee is that the pods hang down, away from the leaves, and so are easier to see. The advantage of a string trellis is that the vines tend to go straight up and sideways instead of winding around and around a slat, and also that you use cotton string, so for fall cleanup you just roll up the entire mess and toss it on the compost pile. [GIS.](https://www.google.com/search?q=pole+bean+trellis&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjq0fuK1cHRAhUJ0IMKHTUiC7cQ_AUIBigB)
That's normal. They're enthusiastic. Cukes and zukes do that, too. You can pop the flower off to encourage it to make more stem and leaves, banking for the future. &gt; I'm about to snip the main shoot when the plant has around five true leaves No. You *keep* the main vine, and you prune the *lateral* vines--but only for the specific purpose of encouraging a plant growing in a short-summer area to focus all its energies on ripening a few fruits, not All The Fruits on every vine, in order to make sure that you get at least a few melons before the season is over and frost (or rotting autumn rain) locks you down. http://homeguides.sfgate.com/prune-cantaloupe-vines-38130.html This is possibly what you're thinking of. https://bonnieplants.com/growing/growing-cantaloupe-and-honeydew-melons/ &gt;*An old garden adage suggests pinching off a vine’s growing shoots as melons start to ripen to cause the plant to divert all its energy to the ripening fruit. Research has proven this false. The vine needs all its leaves to produce the sugars that sweeten fruit. Anything that reduces the total number of leaves available for sugar production reduces melon sweetness.* So if you're in a short-summer area, when you're removing lateral vines, do it judiciously, and try to keep as much leaf surface as possible. Put your location in your flair, it makes it easier to answer your questions.
http://homeguides.sfgate.com/different-pineapple-plants-50699.html &gt;Gardeners grow ornamental pineapple varieties as landscape plants or houseplants. These plants occasionally produce pineapples, but the fruit is not generally considered flavorful. Ornamental pineapple plants grow to a height of 2 to 3 feet and width of 2 to 4 feet. The leaves may have spiny or smooth edges, depending on the hybrid or cultivar. They're often green or gray-green with pink, white or yellow stripes running lengthwise up the leaves. Ornamental pineapples bloom occasionally, producing small red or deep pink flowers that cover a thick stalk at the center of the plant. The stalk might turn into a small pink pineapple after the plant finishes blooming.
Where you been? I probably have a higher post count per day than anybody in here. lol
Yes. And, like with a perennial border, put the short things in front and the tall things in back, so you can see your dogwood from the house in April and it won't be out of view behind the bigger trees. Use the Arbor Day spacing guide, and also talk to the extension office. https://www.arborday.org/trees/righttreeandplace/
Uh huh. Wait until you can't keep a simple bean plant in the ground without burying a fence 12" deep around it.
Is it a Phalaenopsis species from a serious orchid breeder, or is it a Just Add Ice or some other mass market NOID Phalaenopsis? The latter are harder to kill, is the thing. It's partly shocked from transition, but NOID Phals from Walmart don't usually show that, unless they were out in bitter January cold. A species orchid from a breeder that arrived through shipping in January cold weather will definitely be shocked. So it becomes important to know where you bought it, how it arrived, and what kind of Phal it is. Floppy, non-turgid leaves mean drought. Drooping leaves mean serious drought. Wrinkled leaves mean catastrophic drought. So it's possibly too dry. What part of it have you been misting? The leaves, or have you been targeting the air roots? Did you soak the coir for at least 30 minutes before you potted it up, or did it go in dry?
&gt;As someone who gardened with my dad and grandfather my whole life, this article was a great guide when creating my first garden last spring. And I understand that, and overall it's not a bad article. I'm not saying it's a horrible, horrible article and a waste of anyone's time. I'm saying it's possibly going to lead newbies gently astray on a number of issues. If you develop a deer problem, and the internet tells you that a 6 to 8 foot fence will keep them out, and you go with the less expensive and easier option and put up a 6 foot board fence, and they simply jump over it, you will have wasted your time, money, and effort, whereas if the internet had told you upfront that it needs to be 8 feet tall, then you would have known. Same thing for "dogs will keep deer away". If you go out and obtain a dog on the internet-promised assumption that he will keep deer away, there's a 95% probability that it won't work at all, because deer are not frightened of dogs intrinsically, they're only frightened of large, barking, aggressive dogs that are currently present. Once the large, barking, aggressive dog goes in the house, or is perceived to be on a chain or confined to a dog run, the deer simply move in to feed. Same thing with the "hours of sunlight" thing. You could be gardening for years in a yard that has 6 hours of sunlight, good for growing tomatoes, peppers, and beans, but because the internet told you that you could only grow kale and beets with 6 hours of sunlight, that tomatoes need 8 to 10 hours, you'd only be growing kale and beets, when you could have been growing zukes, cukes, and melons. So I guess the takeaway here is, don't rely on a single Internet source for your gardening information, especially from internet articles and blogs, because article-writers and bloggers aren't necessarily giving you accurate information. Better sources are the extension office, and mainstream articles from places like Mother Earth News and the National Gardening Association.
It looks like it might be a Sansievieria, a Snake Plant, which would go along with being put in a windowless bathroom, as people tend to think that just because they're so low-light tolerant, they can live in the light that comes from the overhead occasionally. It's a succulent and ordinarily likes bright light, even full sun depending on the climate, but you'll scorch it if you do that to it right now. Just give it lots of bright indirect light, as much as you can without burning it, and water it only when it is completely dried out all the way through. It needs to be in a pot with a hole in the bottom, in some cactus/succulent soil that is porous and fast-draining.
A bush bean is naturally about 3 feet tall at maturity. The difference between bush and pole beans is that pole bean leaf stems naturally twine themselves around the nearest object that is about the diameter of a pencil, including themselves. Bush beans remain upright, in a bush form. Pollination is the same for bush and pole beans. They're both beans, the same way that bush zucchini and vining zucchini are both zucchini.
How does it not? If it forms a barrier to plants coming up, then it forms a barrier to roots going down. If it allowed plants to pass through it, then it wouldn't work as weedstop. It has porosity (one brand calls it "microfunnels") to allow molecules of water and air to pass through it, but the pores aren't big enough for roots. Again, if they were big enough for roots, it wouldn't work as a weed barrier.
The main point for putting it at ground level is to finish killing whatever you scalped--lawn grass or existing weeds.
In a west window in Chicago, as long as you have them within about 12" of the glass, they're getting more light than you realize, you don't need to do anything. But not if they're many feet away from the window on the coffee table or something. Spikes are notorious for pointing towards the light, so if you're going to want them to go straight up, you need to begin staking early to keep them from getting squiggly. That's the only reason to stake the spike. Rotating them to make them go straight up is too much like work, and doesn't always come out the way you want, if you don't time the rotation just right. You can end up with weird kinks in the spike.
Pictures would be helpful.
If you're just talking about mineral content, i.e. nutrition, and not intangibles such as flavor and taste, a tomato plant doesn't care whether the nitrogen its roots are using came from worm poo or from a bottle. It uses it the same way, and the fruit it produces is the same fruit, nutritionally speaking, that it would produce outdoors in the ground. I couldn't find the studies mentioned, but there is this. http://www.rodalesorganiclife.com/food/hydroponic-farming &gt;*There have been few comparative studies on the nutritional value of hydroponic produce, but tests in Holland and Australia suggest that hydroponic tomatoes actually contain more nutrients than field-grown tomatoes. Studies in the U.S. have found no difference in nutrient levels between the two farming techniques.*
Ok, good. You can grow pretty much anything you want in deck planters and tubs. Put them on dollies with drainage trays so you don't ruin the deck, and put them on casters so you can wheel them around. What you want is known variously as container, urban, balcony, or patio gardening. Tons of stuff out there on this. https://extension.illinois.edu/containergardening/ Cherry tomatoes get a 5 gallon bucket, slicers 10 gallon, beefsteak 20 gallon. Peppers go in a 2 gallon pot. Cukes in maybe a 3 gallon. Tomatoes must be staked, caged, or trellised or else you will go insane by Labor Day. Cukes, trellised. Herbs can live inside if you have a big bright sunny south-facing window. Anything you can grow in the ground, you can grow in a pot. The only problematic things are perennials like roses, peonies, and asparagus that require special treatment during the winter, as you can't simply leave them on the back deck all winter, they'll dry out in the wind and die while dormant.
Pictures would be helpful.
In some of the cells I see a single round spot of fuzzy mold. Is that mold growing specifically on a seed? Or is it in a different area from where the seed is? What potting soil did you use?
Yeah, the trouble with that data, widely disseminated on the internet, is that it originated from a handbook for commercial growers, who don't have time and money to waste on planting 20 acres of tomatoes for Heinz that aren't going to germinate reliably. So yes, if your livelihood is on the line, you should buy fresh seed stocks regularly. But for every Florida tomato mogul out there who's buying new seeds every 4 years, there are probably hundreds of home gardeners, and especially seed savers, who are still planting seeds from 5 to 10 years ago, or even older. There are people here in the subreddit who have found seeds in their grandpa's effects from the 1960s that they planted, and which grew. So like everything else on the Internet....it depends. Seeds kept cool and dry can last a long, long time. I still have tomato seeds from 2012 that I used in 2016, and they came up fine. Knott's 4th edition, 1997. http://www.ipm.iastate.edu/ipm/hortnews/1999/4-2-1999/veggielife.html https://www.amazon.com/Knotts-Handbook-Vegetable-Growers-Maynard/dp/0471131512
High summer in an Australian backyard may be too hot. There are Down Under gardeners in here with scorched tomatoes. What are your average daily highs running? Beans like warm soil of at least 60F/15C, which probably isn't a problem, but at temps over about 90F/32C, they can dry out so fast that it can be hard to keep them happy. Also, apparently brush possums are a major and annoying factor when gardening in Oz, a fact I learned from this subreddit. But if you're not in the Currently-Hot-As-Hell part of Australia, you could do it. Put one set of plants over on one side of the yard, put the speakers to play just to them, like a set of Ipod speakers or something, and the other set on the other side of the yard. If it's a big sunny yard, the conditions would be close enough to identical for a high school science project. You could go out there and play music to them for an hour a day or whatever. But like I said, you'll need a lot of beans. And you'll need to get on it, because they are frost-intolerant, they die at frost, so your clock is ticking.
They may or may not flower. You'll be fine if they simply send up leaves this year and then go dormant.
It's not as popular as other winter squash because the rind doesn't get as hard, so you can't store it in the attic or garage all winter like you can with other types. Other than that, it's just a squash, so grow it like a squash--warm soil, start in peat pots 2 weeks before you set out or else direct-seed, rich soil, plenty of water and fert through the summer. Wisconsin? Jung Seeds FTW. Bush. https://www.jungseed.com/P/03632/Bush+Delicata+Winter+Squash NE Wisconsin? Extension office FTW. Touch base with the Master Gardeners about using black plastic and Wall O Waters to get your soil warm, protect your seedlings from frost, and just in general give you some hope of getting your squash in time. http://counties.uwex.edu/ Your Tax Dollars At Work.
Are they fire ants, or some other kind?
Don't spray at all, because the breeze can carry spray drift up into the foliage and damage the tree. Instead, use a paintbrush to paint the weedkiller directly onto the ivy's leaves. Get it up as high as you can reach, even standing on a ladder.
&gt; Yeah, I was going to do exactly that, then someone else said it'll kill my tree, period. The person you are talking to is the "someone else" who said that, and he was referring to subsidiary spraying of the bark under the ivy. But you can use a paintbrush to paint triclopyr on every ivy leaf you can reach without harming the tree. You can also cut a slice in the ivy's bark, scrape it open--make a cut, a wound, see--and paint the herbicide directly into it, like a perverted kind of Bactine. The ivy will absorb it from this source too.
Zinnias and petunias are damaged only by frost, so as long as your garage held above 32F/0C, it would be fine. The warmer the soil, the faster the seedlings grow, and they tend to sulk and be vulnerable to damping off in chilly, wet conditions. So there would be a window of about 50F-60F and up, where they would be happy and grow well. So it would depend on the garage. You can get a minimum-maximum thermometer and keep track of how cold it actually is in there. Solar radiation on the roof, especially if the garage is attached to the house, even if it isn't actually heated, can keep many garages in spring well above 50F or so.
Where are you located? Roma or paste tomatoes are generally small when compared to slicers and beefsteaks. Most roma or paste tomatoes AFAIK are determinate, which means they don't bear all year, so I don't know what you mean. &gt;It took up a lot of time peeling those small tomatoes. Don't peel tomatoes. Drop them into boiling water for 30 seconds--stand there and count, "One one-thousand, two one-thousand, three one-thousand", and when you get to 29, dip them out with a slotted spoon, allow to cool briefly, and then the skins just slip right off.
Hard to visualize without pictures. I take it the seller isn't going to be footing the bill for repairs?
You have to google it separately, "tomato optimal temperature", "tomato optimal humidity", "tomato optimal light", "tomato optimal nutrients". etc. The information is out there, but not in a concise spreadsheet form, because that's not how google and the Internet work, unless you happen to stumble onto a commercial grower's PDF file or something similar. Google is composed of snips of information, and it's not always going to be presented in a finished format. You have to hunt for it. &gt;Im currently planning to construct a project involving some electronics to maintain an optimal growth environment for a tomato plant. This already exists. It's called hydroponics. Do some research about growing tomatoes hydroponically, such as in a large commercial greenhouse specializing in "vine ripe" tomatoes for the fresh produce market. There are quite a few of them in Europe.
&gt; it acts like a natural air humidifier that will make that unpleasant dry winter air more bearable. This actually isn't true, and in fact the opposite is true: Boston ferns suffer in dry room air, and will shed leaflets all over the floor. In order to make them stop doing that, you have to raise the humidity, either by adding a humidifier or by putting the plant on a pebble tray. Misting is useless, as the water evaporates immediately. &gt;The fragrance of Asparagus Fern can kill bacteria and viruses that linger in the air There is no documented scientific evidence for this. &gt; Its high respiration rate makes it an excellent natural humidifier Same as Boston fern: not true. It's still a Nephrolepis and it still hates dry room air. It's Nephrolepis, by the way, not Nephrolepsis. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nephrolepis &gt; Utilize this fern to purify air tainted with car fumes, cigarette smoke There is no scientific evidence that any plants will purify air from carbon monoxide or cigarette smoke. Ferns are among the most difficult of plants to care for properly in a home with dry room air, and there are many other plants that purify the air of toxins that are much easier to grow. I would single out spider plant, pothos, peace lily, and dracaena. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NASA_Clean_Air_Study
It depends on what you're growing and how warm they need to be.
An upside-down clay pot is standard for that.
/u/GrandmaGos
It depends on what they are. Tomatoes get 6 to 8 weeks counting backwards from when you want to put them in the ground, peppers get 8 to 10 weeks, cole crops get about 6 weeks, cukes and zukes get 2 weeks. So what are you growing? You'll need lights. An ordinary fluorescent T5 or T8 works fine.
You picked "Let me start at the hard part". Start with some easy ones. Have you got dirt to plant flowers in? If so, buy a trowel, some gardening gloves, a Dollar Tree foam kneeling pad, and then buy some flats of petunias, marigolds, and sweet alyssum at the Walmart garden center when you see them at the end of April, beginning of May. Kneel down in front of your dirt, poke holes with the trowel, peel the plants out of their plastic cell, push them in gently (don't squish them), arrange the dirt around them, water them. Then keep them watered during the summer. That's all there is to it.
Oh, well, you're spoiled for choice then. Must-haves would be more herbs, which are bee-friendly: thyme, oregano, hyssop, chives, sage, borage. Perennials like coreopsis, gaillardia, and purple coneflower, as you're into natives. Bleeding heart for the shady spots. Siberian and bearded iris. I have a soft spot in my heart for old-fashioned garden phlox, and I just ignore the inevitable powdery mildew in September, but you could look for resistant cultivars. Same for asters. Dahlias, which you can grow from seed and then dig up and store the rhizomes every fall. A clematis vine, purple 'Jackmani' by preference. For veg, bush zucchini and pole beans.
I don't see a reason to switch, as long as it was reasonably balanced with NPK and had all the trace elements (it will say on the label).
Fencing for deer needs to be at least eight (8) feet tall. Fencing for rabbits needs to be only 3 feet tall, but it needs the bottom wire pegged tight to the ground, as Peter's mode of entry is to push his shoulders under the fence, shove upwards, and then wriggle under. Fencing for groundhogs needs to be buried at least 12" in the ground. Or you can do an L-shaped flap on the ground on the outside. [What is known as the squirrel-proof garden.](https://www.google.com/search?q=squirrel+proof+garden&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjdl7aAhdzRAhXs6oMKHe1wCJgQ_AUIBygC) To keep out ravenous squirrels, you build a chicken wire house with a roof and a door over the entire garden. Fencing for raccoons is an electric fence. Possums and skunks aren't usually an issue unless you have ripe fruit and they're hungry. Fencing for possums, who climb, would be as for squirrels. Fencing for skunks, who don't, would be same as raccoons. Eagles and hawks are not a factor. Neither are foxes, unless you have chickens. You can see that this is an overwhelming number of fencing options. So what people do is wait to see who their invaders are, and then address them. Otherwise, your Ultimate Perimeter would entail the Squirrel Proof garden house with roof and door, with walls that are buried 12" deep or with the L-shaped flap.
&gt;the base of the roots (I'm not sure if 'bulb' or 'crown' are the right words here), is blackened at the bottom which seems like that is also rotten "Crown" is the correct term for the "stub" or "stem" from where the leaves emanate and grow upwards, and the roots emanate and grow outwards and downwards. It's all one unit: you don't have a "crown" on top growing the leaves and a "stub" on the bottom growing the roots. The stem is the crown, the crown is the stem. A Phal has three components: crown, leaves, roots. Read about crown rot. http://www.orchidexchange.com/red-tag-journal/phalaenopsis-crown-stem-and-root-rot/ Read about bacterial rot diseases. http://staugorchidsociety.org/culturepests-diseases.htm From your OP: &gt;*I had a soft patch on one of the leaves that seemed to appear over night.* &gt;*Another leaf I cut less than a week later... had a similar damp patch but with brown discolouration.* &gt;*2 other leaves I could see had issues,* &gt;*However 2 leaves that were below bark have turned yellow and dropped off* &gt;*as well as a stub of a leaf that I hadn't even noticed earlier.* Clearly you have a serious rot incident underway. The only question is whether it involves the crown, or is merely a bacterial leaf thing. If you are saying that the part circled in red is soft, mushy, slimy, and obviously rotting, then that is crown rot, and it is not fixable, it is game over. If the part circled in red is still firm, and only the bottommost tip of it is black in color but is still firm, get back to us. http://imgur.com/a/6FfHI Other thoughts: &gt;*2 leaves that were below bark* Are you saying that your Phal had, or has, leaves that are or were actually buried in the bark? If so, that is very bad. &gt;East facing window with frosted glass, which I assume helps dilute the sunlight In a south window, yes. In an east window, IMO it may diffuse and obstruct the light too much. &gt; Thankfully the crown does not appear unhealthy Crown rot looks like a normal plant--except that the leaves keep detaching abruptly. You have to squeeze it gently, investigate it to see if it seems slimy, squishy, or soft. Do the leaves pull away with only a touch, leaving a slimy bit on the crown behind them? A healthy crown is firm, like a broccoli stalk, see. &gt;left water in the crown Always water the media, not the plant. Never water from above by pouring so that water goes into the crown--the junctures where the leaves join the stem. It's not a bromeliad. Water the media. &gt;I cannot measure humidity Go and buy a cheap analog hygrometer. Call your local garden centers, Bunnings, whoever, but get one. They cost about USD$3 here. Knowledge Is Power. Tinypic is useless and annoying, too many popup ads. Everyone uses Imgur because Imgur was specifically designed to work with reddit. Use Imgur in future. You don't need an account, just upload your pix.
Then there's no reason to coddle them. We don't plant trees bought locally and then build a greenhouse around them. They're expected to fit in and survive on their own.
&gt; Very different from the two that I removed recently. Ok, two of your leaves detached abruptly in a manner consistent with crown rot... &gt;However most of it is firm - from the top of the blackened part and down to just above the mess of roots I've put in orange. ...and you have at least half the crown--the stem--black and squishy and rotting. At this point I'm going to tell you, honestly, just bin it. It's dead. There is no amount of cinnamon or peroxide that is going to fix this. It needs to stay moist to survive, because it can't live in the absence of water, so you can't "keep it drier" and thus outfox the rot organisms. If you starve them of water, you kill the plant. I'm sorry. Just throw it away and start over with a new one. We all bin at least one Phal on our journey of discovery. Welcome to the club.
Bt is good for caterpillars, unless you're trying to grow butterflies.
"Never let a plant sit in water" is advice that is generally applied to the following situation: You have watered the plant from above, the excess has flowed out the bottom drainage hole into the saucer, and the plant is now sitting in it. You need to remove that excess immediately and not allow the plant to sit in it and reabsorb it, for two reasons: 1. The soil has already received the exact amount of water molecules that it needs to wet it down enough for the roots' needs, and more would be too wet. 2. The water, on its way down the soil column, picks up excess dissolved fertilizer and mineral salts, flushing them out, which prevents buildup and potential fine root hair burn. If you allow the plant to sit in this and reabsorb it, you've just added those all back. Watering from below is a valid way of watering plants, especially tropicals that are frequently potted in a high proportion of peat moss. Once peat moss dries out completely, it shrinks and becomes hygrophobic, with the result that, when you water from above, the water just runs down the side of the shrunken root ball and out the bottom, not even penetrating the soil. This can lead to your plants always being wilty and unhappy. So watering from below has the effect of allowing dried-out peat moss to slowly wick itself back to optimal moisture levels, and is helpful with things like Boston ferns, figs, and philodendrons. It lets you be sure that the entire root ball, for these plants who hate drying out too much, has become moistened. However... &gt;refilling the saucer whenever this gets low. Only until you can stick your finger in the soil and it feels moist and rehydrated. Then you stop refilling the saucer. There is also a thing called a self-waterer, that has a reservoir, but it's not really the same concept as simply keeping the saucer filled with water. I see where he is coming from. If you have a potting mix that is highly aerated with a lot of perlite and vermiculite as well as peat moss and/or compost, you can possibly get away with this. The many air spaces between the particles would serve to provide sufficient oxygen to the fine root hairs. But it's a tricky dance to do, and it's certainly not blanket advice that I'd give to a houseplant newbie. How much do you pay your "plant guy"? Is he like a consultant who comes around? I am intrigued. I didn't know that was a thing.
Well, I suppose there are community gardens out there that have no structure, but those are the ones that generally last a single summer, if that, as most of them peter out in July once the weeds get waist-high and the same two people, usually the prime motivating force behind the garden in the first place ("Hey kids, let's start a community garden on the block!") gradually learn that they're the only ones doing any weeding or other maintenance, so by October they're burnt out and they quit. And with nobody left to be a prime motivating force, the garden goes back to weeds and the landlord. I have two of them exactly like that within a couple mile radius of my house within the last 15 years or so. Block organization decides to have a community garden in a vacant lot, a few people end up doing all the work, get burnt out, quit, end of garden. If you want it to succeed as a project for longer than a single summer, you have to demand commitment from people, and that's how you get people who have a strong proprietary sense towards their plots, because they've made a commitment to it, and by extension towards other members' plots. It takes a village to raise a tomato in a community garden.
Dedicated, self-appointed minders. Every time.
Yes, certainly, but there's no point in spending years growing your own rootstock from a seed just so you can graft something else onto it. Just buy a cheap apple tree at Home Depot in a 2 gallon container, remove the graft, and use that rootstock.
They need to be kept (1) cool and (2) dry. A fridge is cool but humid, so not the fridge. Freezer is good.
Well, shit. &gt;:[
To do what?
As far as I can tell by looking at it, it's a cardboard cylinder glued to a metal bottom, with a plastic lid sealed with some plastic tape. It's a Pringles can, basically. Cardboard eventually will begin to absorb moisture, even if it's coated with plastic or wax as the plastic or wax begins to break down, and paper packets inside a moist cardboard container are eventually going to become moist, too. It's highly significant that the manufacturer is coy about how long it will store seeds: "5+ years" is more or less the average viability estimate of plain old Burpee seed packs just sitting out on the basement table. So it's not a "seed vault" because it doesn't have the moisture-control that a real seed vault would have. Look at the Svalbard Global Seed Vault. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Svalbard_Global_Seed_Vault#Seed_storage &gt;*The seeds are stored in sealed three-ply foil packages, then placed into plastic tote containers on metal shelving racks. The storage rooms are kept at −18 °C (−0.4 °F). The low temperature and limited access to oxygen will ensure low metabolic activity and delay seed aging. The permafrost surrounding the facility will help maintain the low temperature of the seeds should the electricity supply fail.* Cool, and dry.
It doesn't matter what you use, but it does need to be at least 8 feet tall. Not 6 feet--8 feet. No lie. &gt;an area about the size of a football field Seriously? You measured it? 120 + 120 + 53 1/3 + 53 1/3 = 346 2/3 linear yards or 1,039.98, call it 1,040 linear feet of fencing. This stuff here is $300 for 330 feet, so you're going to need at least 3 rolls. That's nearly a thousand dollars for deer fence. https://www.deerbusters.com/fixed-knot-deer-fence/fixed-knot-fence-rolls/8-x-330-fixed-knot-solidlock-12-5-ga-20-96-12/ A 96 inch woven wire fence is basically "deer fence" when you're shopping. http://ecosystems.psu.edu/facilities/fmo/deer/woven-wire
What's your timeline? What did you have in mind? Where are you located? Do all your building first, then worry about plants. Chicken coop, fencing, pathways.
I'm not clear on the ultimate purpose of what looks like a sidewalk circling the entire backyard. Generally pathways are meant to go somewhere specific. I'm not saying remove it, but it's hard to visualize from a collection of photos from different angles. If you could do an overhead diagram, that would be helpful. I'd probably bump out the patio. Little postage stamps like that are hard to do more than a couple people on, and doesn't allow room for the Weber AND a table AND enough chairs. Not necessarily gospel, but the general idea. I'm not seeing where that sidewalk on the left is supposed to go, so you might as well make it part of the patio. Same thing for the sidewalk on the right. http://imgur.com/a/W614U
It's not a question of quantity, it's a question of feeling the soil to see if it's dry.
As long as your tomatoes are determinate they ought to fit. Second the suggestion for a velcro flap.
Probably 80% of us in here either got started with a grocery store Phal, or own at least one of them. They're nice plants--tough, pretty, and blessedly free of hissy-fit diva temperament.
First order of business with clearance Phals should always be to have it out of the pot and examine the roots for rot. Rotting roots are tan, flat, squishy, and have a weird string coming out the center. Healthy roots are green, white, brown, tan, gray, silver, or black, and are fat. Flat: Dead. Fat: Alive. Cut off anything dead, and repot into fresh media. So you'll need to have some on standby. Also have a larger pot, as it won't always go back into the grocery store pot. A 32 oz yogurt or cottage cheese carton with holes in the bottom makes a good quickie pot, or you can use a 1 quart plastic paint-mixing bucket.
You are in the right place. We have a sidebar link to Beginner Care for Phalaenopsis.
Many grocery store tomatoes are F1 hybrids, so chances are you won't get the same tomato. You'll get a cherry tomato, but it may be different. A cherry tomato needs a 5 gallon bucket, and will become at least 6 feet tall with time. It's a vine. Is it your plan to keep it indoors permanently? Tomatoes are not usually pruned, due to them being vines. They need trellising, caging, or staking to keep them under control, not pruning.
Ask over in /r/whatsthisbug
lol
That's not how it works. Your tomatoes need nitrogen, too, and if you "suck the nitrogen" from the soil--if you grow tomatoes in nitrogen-depleted soil--you get puny and weak tomatoes. So that's not your solution to blossom end rot. You don't prevent BER by removing nitrogen, you prevent it by adding a little calcium to the soil (which you already did), and keeping the soil evenly moist.
&gt; ut is there some way to try to get those people to at least read the Phal care for beginners sidebar before they post? I A big green bold-font sticky. "Did you just get an orchid and you want to know how to take care of it? Text: Does it looks like this? [imgur of Phal] Check out our sidebar link to Beginner Care for Phalaenopsis, and welcome to your new addiction! If your orchid doesn't look like that, but does look like this [imgurs of Cattleya, Cymbidium, Dendrobium, and any other common grocery store ones that should be in there] or is named [list of names] on the tag, check out the AOS care sheets on the sidebar" That should take care of most of the routine.
I'm not understanding why you're trying to adhere wet, presumably terracotta or pottery, clay to foam board. There's no way that's ever going to work. Wet clay just isn't something that you glue, period, because the water content prevents it. And it's not going to stick to anything by itself without an adhesive because it just doesn't. That's not how its physics works. What you're trying to do is like a kid trying to coat a vinyl-sided house wall with wet mud, and then being disappointed that when it dries, it cracks and falls off. Once it had dried in a slab on a fabric or burlap backing, you could possibly glue the fabric to the foam board. Most scenery that I'm familiar with that needs to look like it has clay stuck to it is painted to look like it has clay stuck to it. It doesn't have actual clay stuck to it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trompe-l%27%C5%93il
What kind of gnats? Buzzing around your face gnats, or fungus gnats in the flowerpots?
Actually /r/trees tends to be more about the culture. /r/microgrowery is more nuts-and-bolts oriented.
Things that kill hydrangeas in small containers: 1. Overwatering. 2. Incorrect watering. 3. Underwatering. 4. Overfertilizing. 5. Starvation. 6. Wind. 7. Diseases. 8. Incorrect soil. Without information as to how you've been caring for it (them? hydrangeas plural?), we can't even begin to guess. Hydrangeas are normally a big shrub for a big shrub border full of big shrubs. They aren't really good at living in small containers. The general assumption when you buy one that size is that you're going to take it home and plant it in the ground somewhere. Small pots like that are difficult to keep watered through a U.S. zone 6 summer, and in winter you have dormancy arrangements to make, it can't usually just sit in the pot all winter on the porch.
Points. 1. Spider mites don't eat fruit. They suck sap from the leaves and stems. 2. It's pointless to address spider mites until you actually have some. 3. Gnats don't devour fruit, either. Nor do they suck sap. Most species of gnats bite you, not the tomatoes. The other species of gnats that don't bite you are fungus gnats, and they don't eat fruit, either. They eat rotting leaves on the ground.
Those are going to cook your tomatoes. Get a battery-powered DustBuster, go out there 2x a day and keep score. Empty the cup into a bucket of soapy water so they don't die in there.
Peonies.
They're not hurting anything unless they're imported fire ants, or they're farming aphids on the lettuce.
Since you have no way of knowing what she already has, what she already has six of and doesn't use any of them, what she thinks are stupid, what she wouldn't have in the house if you paid her, and what she secretly covets but would never, ever buy for herself...get her a gift certificate to her favorite local nursery, garden center, or online vendor. This allows her to shop, and prevents her from having to say a heartfelt, "Oh. You shouldn't have" and really mean it. This especially holds true if you're willing to grant her a $300 blowout at the garden center or online. You have no idea what $300 item, or six $50 items, she's been secretly longing for.
Where are you located? There is no one-size-fits-all solution. You have widely disparate problems, and simply throwing an insecticide at your plants isn't a solution. Break it down plant by plant--what are you growing, and what does it have?
You might try in /r/whatsthisplant
You can read lots of things. * There is no scientific evidence for it anywhere. Nobody has ever done a study that showed that mosquitoes pay the slightest bit of attention to what plants are sitting on the patio table next to their targeted blood meal. * It's not that it has to be disproven--it's that it has to be proven. And it hasn't been. * If all you had to do to keep mosquitoes away was plant a few specific plants, don't you think the malaria task forces with groups such as the WHO and CDC would be all over it? An end to malaria forever! Just from a few simple plants on the patio! Not to mention all the other mosquito-borne diseases, such as yellow fever, dengue, zika, and West Nile. But no, there's no such thing. The fact that this myth is all over the Internet has no relation to whether it actually works or not. The Internet is chock-full of "This one weird trick!" life-pro-tips that don't really work. Not a single word here under "mosquito control" that says "put these plants on your patio." * Extension office. http://extension.psu.edu/pests/pesticide-education/applicators/pest-management/wnv/factsheets/mosquito-biology-control * The CDC. https://www.cdc.gov/zika/prevention/controlling-mosquitoes-at-home.html * The WHO. http://www.who.int/denguecontrol/control_strategies/en/ * The Department of Defense did an entire study, looking for better ways to protect deployed soldiers in the field from mosquitoes. "Carry around a sprig of lavender" didn't make the list. https://www.ars.usda.gov/southeast-area/gainesville-fl/center-for-medical-agricultural-and-veterinary-entomology/mosquito-and-fly-research/docs/deployed-war-fighter-protection-dwfp-program/ You have to crush the plants and rub their oils on your skin to get any repellent effect, not simply have the plants be present in the yard.
Where are you located? Do you have a prepared seed bed for them in full sun?
You can't go wrong with roses. There is an entire roster of ARS cultivars that won prizes for fragrance, Mister Lincoln and Tiffany being two of the standbys at the garden center. http://www.rose.org/about-ars/endorsed-products/ortho-endorsed-products/resources/the-james-alexander-gamble-fragrance-award/ Dianthus (pinks) are very good. They tend to come on sale in flats at the Big Box, especially Lowes, but they aren't always the fragrant cultivars, being selected more for sturdiness. You can shop around at the various online perennial vendors such as White Flower and Bluestone, or you can try growing them from seed from the old-fashioned types that Thompson &amp; Morgan carries. Annuals include sweet peas (will need a trellis, look for cultivars billed for fragrance), night-blooming stocks, four o clocks, marigolds (they're admittedly an acquired taste), and nicotiana. Peonies are good, but they aren't all fragrant, so check the variety before you buy. Lavender is fragrant, but can be difficult to overwinter during a Midwestern winter. It's not just the cold per se, it's also the bizarre and annoying fluctuations between the 50s/60s and the minus-zero temps. Warm temps encourage it to grow, then the temp drops and freezes it. Also the wind strips moisture from the above-ground portion.
Compost volunteers are very common with tomatoes and zucchini.
Roundup (glyphosate) or an herbicide that says "Poison ivy killer" on the label. Cover any desirable landscaping near it with bedsheets, blankets, pillowcases etc. so the breeze doesn't carry spray drift over to them and damage or kill them, which it will. If the poison ivy is embedded in the landscaping and there's no way to separate them, pour some Roundup into a small container, and use a paintbrush to paint it on every one of the poison ivy's leaves. It's bird-planted, so once you get it out of the yard, all you need to do is keep an eye on your fencelines and under your trees.
Are you sure it's not growth coming from below a graft union? Do the leaves and stems look the same as the original canes?
My way leaves your potential Keepers in position with undisturbed roots for the next 2 weeks. Your way uproots the potential Keepers twice in the next 2 weeks. My way: 1. Let them all grow until, say, June 13. 2. On June 13, go through with tiny sharp scissors and cut off half of them, leaving the rest undisturbed. 3. Let the remainder grow until, say, June 20. 4. Prick out the Keepers. This leaves the Keepers growing peacefully in position for the next 2 weeks, and only requires moving them once, at the end of that time, when they have their 2 sets of true leaves. Your way: 1. Let them all grow until June 13. 2. On June 13, prick out. 3. On June 20, prick out again. This disturbs your Keepers twice in 2 weeks, amd the first pricking out happens most likely before they have any true leaves. If you damage that tiny vulnerable cotyledon root during a too-early pricking out, it's game over. The seedling only has one, it doesn't have a way to create another one. This is the main reason why we wait until seedlings have two sets of true leaves--by that point, the root system has matured past the point of the simple cotyledon root, and is robust enough to handle transplanting. &gt; actually plant them in permanent containers? They don't go in their permanent containers for a long time. They move up in incremental pot sizes, as they outgrow the various small seedling pots, 2", 3", and so forth. At the second set of true leaves stage, they're nowhere near big enough to to into their permanent containers, unless you're planting them outdoors in the ground. &gt;I'm now realizing I don't know how much soil is needed per seed with these heh When you prick them out, they go into a 2" pot.
For specific ID, head over to /r/succulents, those are the people who keep track of it beyond "uh, some kind of aloe maybe?"
Trap crop: radishes. They love radishes. Plant radishes all around your tomatoes and potatoes in a circle, leave them to flower and go to seed.
Snap beans are my go-to for filler crops.
They will rebloom next year on schedule unless your divisions are really small. If you're breaking up the clumps of rhizomes so as to get as many plants out of it as possible, they may need an extra year or two. But if you're basically just cutting big clumps in half, they should bloom next year.
Blattläuse = aphids. https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=de&amp;u=https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blattl%25C3%25A4use&amp;prev=search Calypso is a Bayer insecticide for aphids. http://www.jordan.cropscience.bayer.com/en/Products/Insecticides/Calypso-480-SC.aspx Its active ingredient is thiacloprid. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thiacloprid It is one of the systemic neonics, which has a wait period before harvest and consumption of the fruit, and which also can make the pollen toxic to pollinators. http://citybugs.tamu.edu/factsheets/ipm/what-is-a-neonicotinoid/ There are other, less toxic ways to deal with aphids, which are probably the easiest insects to deal with. Your friend means well, but he gave you the equivalent of an assault rifle to shoot a mouse. 1. Knock the aphids off the plant with a strong spray from a garden hose. Once they're on the ground, they're at the mercy of scavengers and predators such as ants and spiders. 2. Spray them with soapy water. It has to be soap, not detergent, as it's the fatty acids of soap that damage the aphids' waxy outer coating. Bar soaps such as castile, olive oil, or Dr Bronners, or special insecticidal soaps. If you're using your own soap, you want enough soap in the water to make bubbles when you swish. For commercial insecticidal soaps, follow the instructions on the label. Most soaps require you to let stand for one hour, then rinse off, as the soap can act as weedkiller and damage young plants. 3. Add neem oil to your soapy water. There are numerous web pages out there discussing these techniques if you want to go into it more deeply.
I don't particularly love it or hate it, but I acknowledge that it's a viable way to treat a difficult and shady slope like that, even if it's damaging the trees over time. I doubt whether it's zero maintenance, though--if it's in the eastern United States, it's like the devil's own habitat for poison ivy. Whoever owns it has to go through every couple of years and remove any bird-planted seedlings. http://imgur.com/a/6Pp6M
http://homeguides.sfgate.com/trim-rose-after-japanese-beetles-39135.html Get a battery-powered DustBuster and go out there as often as you like. Keep score. Empty the cup into a bucket of soapy water because if they die in there, it stinks.
No. We've discussed this before, and it's not an efficient use of the space, and the bottom tiers are shaded by the top tiers.
Things that are evergreen tend not to bloom all summer, and vice versa, unless they're rhodies, which you already said you didn't want.
Shade the back row by the fence, bail on the two front rows. The Square Foot Gardening spacing for cukes of 2 per square, like their spacing of tomatoes and other things, in Real World situations tends to be not very practical. Spacing of 1 per square, or 12" apart, is more realistic, with the rows and their trellises 36" apart, to allow room for the mature plant on its trellis. So your back row is fine, but not the rows in front of them.
It's still got a lot of green, so it's good. It wants to be evenly moist, which is going to be hard to do in Las Vegas. If you can find a place with morning sun only, so it avoids baking in a hot afternoon sun, or else give it some shade from about 1 p.m. to about 6 pm, that would be good. Avoid placing it against a wall in full sun that's going to retain heat and radiate it back. You can also place that pot there inside something like a wooden half-barrel or a huge terracotta pot, to cut the wind, shade the rootball and pot, and slow down evaporation. Nice find. It will die at frost this fall, but you can cover it or bring it indoors. Or dig up and store the tubers this fall.
A fence to keep out deer needs to be at least 8 feet tall, so if your chain link is regular stuff, it will do nothing for deer. It won't keep out rabbits, either, as they simply squeeze through the openings, or under it. So if you're trying to keep rabbits out, you need 3 foot tall fencing--either hardware cloth, or poultry netting--that has the bottom wire pinned down tight to the ground with wire staples, as rabbits are skilled at getting their shoulders under the bottom and shoving upwards, thus wriggling under. To protect the eyes of Boston terriers, you can put some of that plastic safety fencing in front of it. http://www.amleo.com/sentry-orange-safety-fence-4ft-x-50ft/p/S450/?kc=amlshop17n,&amp;mkwid=sKX1vw9Mw|dc&amp;pcrid=51228668272&amp;pkw=&amp;pmt=&amp;plc=&amp;prd=S450&amp;gclid=CKyO6uiAtNQCFdy6wAod2a0LsA The plastic fencing won't keep out rabbits, as it's too flexible on the bottom, plus if they wish they can bite through it.
Before you begin a "very large rooftop container garden", make sure you get permission from your landlord in writing to do so. Many roofs are not engineered to hold the tons of soil and plants that comprise a "very large rooftop container garden", so it's wise to have an official go-ahead from a building inspector or engineer before you begin, and if you're not the landlord, get permission in writing so that you, and he, are covered in case the roof collapses. The penalty for failure being potentially so great--death, injury, lawsuits, criminal charges--don't omit this step. A planter that measures 2 feet by 2 feet by 4 feet will hold 16 cubic feet of soil. Soil weighs around 78 lbs per cubic foot, so that single planter can hold 1,248 lbs of soil, or literally over half a ton. And that's just one planter. Protip #2: Focus on getting your restaurant up and running first. Then get the garden going. You're going to be spending 80 hours a week in the restaurant, you aren't going to have time for a garden, there literally aren't enough hours in the day. Where are you located? The perennials will need special provisions made for winter dormancy. If you're in a cold-winter area, their containers will need to come down from the roof and be sheltered in something like an unheated garage for the duration, or be sunk in the ground up to their rims in a sheltered location. Bramble fruits require a lot of plants to produce enough berries for the restaurant trade. So all those containers will need to come down off the roof in the fall. Figs will also need to come down off the roof for the winter.
There is science to what kind of sand you add and how much of it. If you're in the U.S., touch base with your local extension office, they'll give you a primer. How large is the pile, in terms of cubic feet, number of 5 gallon buckets, and/or height/width/depth? It's not "clay-like", it's clay, specifically clay subsoil. It's perfectly feasible to transform it, but what you do depends on how much of it there is, and how much room you have to spread it out into a bed and work with it.
How long are you intending to keep it indoors?
I liked it too, at first. Sweet smell, pretty flowers, covers the fence, what's not to like? And then I started finding it strangling my climbing rose, my daylilies, Siberian iris, phlox, hostas...anything that's more or less vertical gives it an excuse to twine around and around it, and eventually it gets thick enough that it shades it out. It's nearly as bad as field bindweed to remove from around rose canes.
Unfortunately there are tens of thousands of rose cultivars dating back hundreds of years, so it can be impossible to find the name of a particular rose. You might try asking gardeners in your area if they recognize it, because people tend to plant the same roses in areas where they do well.
It's still very likely an epiphytic orchid, so all of the above still holds true. Species ID link is on the sidebar. On your orchid journey, your orchid needs you to know what species of orchid it is, because actually at least one grocery store orchid (Cymbidium) is semi-terrestrial, so has different rules for potting media. Everyone in here is assuming that you have a Phalaenopsis, which is the most common grocery store orchid, but Knowledge Is Power.
Corn, beans, and cucurbits all need warm soil to germinate, but corn and beans take longer to germinate than cucurbits since they have larger and thicker seeds, so they're particularly susceptible to rot caused by sitting in cold, wet soil. &gt;When do I give up on a crop? When it's been a month of normal, optimal conditions and nothing has germinated at all. When it's been a month of abnormal, suboptimal conditions, all bets are off. Hang in there, once it warms up they will catch up.
If your weather has warmed up, they're not needed, and they inhibit airflow in hot humid weather.
Bush snap beans, second crop bush zukes. Still time to put in cukes. What are you growing in the fall? Cole crops get started from seed in July for planting out at the end of August along with all the other cool-season stuff. It's all about planning.
How big is the plant? Take some cuttings and start over. Rooting hormone helps.
Yes, several feet is a good distance to separate a couple of smallish herb plants. I'm not really understanding the issue.
You acclimate plants for summer sun and wind the same way you work on your tan in the backyard every day for a couple weeks before you take off for a week on the beach in Cancun. http://www.growinggardens.org/hardening-off-plant-starts
&gt;Hmm, I still have time to correct that. Not for this summer. Things for fall/winter that you're going to set out as transplants--cabbage, broccoli, brussels sprouts--get started from seed indoors in July. Everything else gets direct-seeded around the end of August. Check with the local extension office, they'll have a schedule. http://cce.cornell.edu/localoffices
https://www.agry.purdue.edu/ext/corn/news/articles.03/Tillers-0623.html
The robins were scavenging for the earthworms that you dug up. They don't eat foliage. &gt;I live in a city, so I'm sure it wasn't deer. lol. ["city deer'](https://www.google.com/search?q=city+deer&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwi8uYqJpbzUAhVj0YMKHUsFDXwQ_AUICigB&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950) Plant them, see what happens. I have resident rabbits who customarily bed down for the night in my big patch of Siberian iris, and I also have a resident woodchuck, and I've never noticed the iris being eaten.
No offense but that's a really terrible picture for ID purposes. Half the leaves folded over backwards, blowing in the wind, poor lighting? it could be anything. But generally if you didn't plant it or invite it, the question, "Is this a weed?" is 99% of the time, Yes. Get some better pictures and post them to /r/whatsthisplant
Microburst. I feel your pain. Applicable. http://www.agriculture.com/news/crops/what-to-do-with-downed-cn_2-ar17614 http://www.agriculture.com/machinery/harvest-equipment/combines/9-tips-f-dealing-with-down-cn_204-ar50303 https://www.no-tillfarmer.com/articles/125-tips-for-harvesting-downed-corn-and-dealing-with-the-aftermath?v=preview tl, dr; just cause it's flat doesn't mean it's dead.
How large an area is this, in terms of square feet? Where are you located? The grass species used as turfgrasses in cold-winter climates in the United States and Europe are genetically hard-wired to shut down in summer heat and drought, so reseeding and overseeding of them is pointless in summer. They grow best during the cooler conditions of spring and fall. It has nothing to do with how much you're willing to water them, and everything to do with giving them the natural conditions that are most conducive to their growth. Also, in hot summer weather, when it's consistently hotter than about 80F/26C day to day, germinating grass seedlings can scorch out in a few hours, no matter how moist their soil is. It's a question of heat and wind. Thus, reseeding generally happens in spring or in the fall, which is prime time for growing new grass--air temps have ameliorated, but soil temps are still comfortably warm, thus hastening germination, and the remaining grass (what's left after the weeds) is coming out of dormancy and ready to begin growing again. So you have all summer to deal with the weeds. The first week of September should be your goal. There may also be a certain amount of aerating and dethatching. Talk to /r/lawncare for more in-depth information. &gt; we were hoping to get the grass growing in time for us to actually use the garden before it gets cold again (August/September at the latest). What are the chances of us getting a good layer of grass in time if we plant in the next week or two? Considering that your lawn is still a jungle of weeds, and that it takes at least 2 weeks for herbicide to work, you're going to be reseeding your lawn in the middle of July, which is not the best time. Also, it generally takes 18 months for a lawn to go from desperate weedy disaster area to fully rehabbed, clean, grass-only lawn. Generally you figure on three "prime time" growing seasons before a lawn is mature. So that would be Fall 2017, Spring 2018, and Fall 2018. New baby grass shouldn''t be walked on heavily and played on by energetic toddlers until it has been mowed three times, which takes about a month to 6 weeks anyway.
There are a few cultivars that remain green, but other than those, yes, they all eventually turn red.
Tomatoes, in the right environment, are basically weeds and thrive on neglect, with "the right environment" being defined as "halfway decent soil with halfway decent nutrients" and "neglect" being defined as "not watering, not staking, and not adding any fertilizer". But they can't exist in a vacuum. If you plant tomatoes in pure beach sand, nothing much is going to happen. Volunteer compost tomatoes in unpromising ordinary backyard dirt will produce fruit all by themselves, but it's not that it's done well, it's that it's done at all. In order for it to be done well, you have to add monthly fertilizer. And *then* that's when you get the bags and bags of veg to leave on the breakroom table at work.
What is the name of the cultivar that you planted? Young cukes and zukes sometimes do all-male or all-female at first. They figure it out eventually.
Cut off 3/4 of it and put it back in the pot. You can use the top for cuttings. http://imgur.com/a/GasXP Try to prop it up so that it's more upright for its reboot. The problem is that the top is too big for the shallow root system. You should be pinching it from now on to make it branch out and not let it make those long single stems, which is the problem.
I've got mine under a T8 fluorescent shoplight and it's doing well.
No, you do not use the two fertilizers at the same time, you should alternate them monthly. BER is also exacerbated by wide swings in soil moisture between wet and dry, so keeping the soil evenly moist with mulch helps.
Wow, that's...weird. Never seen that one before. Try in /r/mycology for species ID. Generally when you have fungi in a houseplant pot, it's consuming something organic, moist, and dead, so I'm guessing there's something organic, moist, and dead under that. Further than that, no idea. Ask the mycologists what species it is, and that should give you a headsup on what exactly it's doing there. Have you tried manually removing it? Does it come back? How long has it been like that? What species of palm is it?
Cool, but that's not much soil volume for what you've got in there. I'd go with a few geraniums, not curcubits and strawberries.
Ok, but her name is Marilyn vos Savant, not Marilyn Vos Santos. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marilyn_vos_Savant
Pictures of the area would be helpful as well as its NSEW orientation. Where are you located?
What did you use?
It needs bright light, and the brighter the better. So if you have a place outside that's in full sun yet out of the wind (you can place the entire pot and plant inside a much larger terracotta pot as a windbreak), harden it off, and put it outside and leave it outside. Otherwise, leave it inside. It will need either a big bright sunny south-facing window, or else a T5 or T8 fluorescent light fixture.
The usual veg things to try for shade are lettuce and root veg (carrots, beets), but they're cool-season crops for spring and fall, and don't do well in the heat of summer, especially in an asphalt-and-concrete urban heat sink. I would go ahead and try some easy herbs, because they normally need full sun, but there can be more reflected light than you realize, so trying them gives you a data point. If they do well, that means one thing, if they don't, that still means something. Try basil, oregano, and chives. These grow from seed. Flowers for a shady space are impatiens, wax begonis, and coleus. You get these as plants from a garden center. On a tiny balcony, it's not cost-effective to try to grow potatoes, garlic, cabbage, and storage onions, because Big Ag does them so well and so cheaply at the grocery store, and because they take such a long time to come to maturity, that you have this pot holding one (1) cabbage sitting there all summer, taking up space, and at the end of the summer you harvest one (1) cabbage. So small balconies are best used to grow things that Big Ag doesn't do well, like fresh herbs, and baby veg like spinach, carrots, and beets, also scallions. But you have to wait till the end of August to plant those. If your basil does well this summer, next year definitely try tomatoes. A cherry tomato goes in a 5 gallon bucket.
When a cactus abruptly falls out of its pot and you observe that the reason is that there are no roots, the reason is generally because the roots have rotted due to overwatering.
Incorrect potting mix can also contribute. Cacti need to be in gritty, porous, fast-draining cactus mix, not in peat-moss-rich moisture-retentive houseplant potting soil. So what is it potted in? Also the lack of a hole in the bottom for drainage can contribute. Is there one?
Talk to the Master Gardeners down at the extension office about wildflower restoration projects and groups in your area. Tell them you have 1/5 acre to play with, so they know you're not some householder with a simple low spot in the back yard. https://extension.osu.edu/lao Your Tax Dollars At Work. Jewelweed.
It's up to you. Are you doing a chamomile lawn, or do you just want some plants? Indoors, you'll need bright light, such as a big bright sunny south-facing window where you can get the plants right up next to the glass, or else a T5 or T8 fluorescent shoplight.
Looks like fungus to me. Things you can grow at the bottom of an urban air shaft like that: 1. Opportunistic weeds. That's pretty much it. Even the weeds don't look healthy, but look etiolated, pale, and weak due to lack of light. If you were planning on filling up that very small and confined space with those bags of soil, I wouldn't. 1. It may cause issues with moisture against the foundation. 2. Ditto insects such as termites. 3. When you move on, if you do manage to get anything to grow, you have to leave it all behind. 4. Your landlord may charge you for "dirt cleanup". Overall, that's just not a garden space. There's no light, no ventilation, no room to move around and work with plants in a bed. Most beds are 2 feet wide, and that's almost the total amount of your space there. What you could try would be some shade plants in containers: impatiens, wax begonias, coleus. 1. You can take them with you when you go. 2. They might actually grow, even in that darkness. 3. Containers give you at least the semblance of a place to set up a patio chair and a little table. That water jar in the back is not a pot, it's a deco water jar and (currently) mosquito nursery. It's for holding stems of pampas grass or peacock plumes indoors.
That's a petunia.
Yes. They burn out and quit in hot weather. They are exclusively a cool-weather flower. Watering won't help.
It's not physically possible to have a fresh new weed-free reseeded lawn in only a month without using either sod or a Harry Potter magic wand. It takes 7 to 10 days just for grass seed to germinate, even if you weren't trying to plant grass seed in the heat of summer when seedlings can scorch out in a few hours, forcing you to start all over again. Then it takes a further 6 to 8 weeks for the seedlings to mature enough that you can walk on them in order to mow them for the first time. Grass seed is normally planted in spring and fall, not in summer. Starting tomorrow, reseeding bare patches, in a month you will have a lawn with baby grass in the bare patches, but it won't be able to be walked on, and it will be obviously grass seedlings, not mature lawn. Provided you can keep it moist. What's the reason for the time frame?
What kind of fertilizer have you been giving it?
Do you mean as in recipes, or as in dividing a perennial?
Are you looking specifically for a crop you can sell, or just something that you feel would be worth the expense of running the lights? If you're looking to sell veg, first you line up your market and find out what they're interested in buying, and then you learn to grow it, and then you grow it. You don't start out at the other end, "Here's my organic wheat grass, would anyone like to buy some?" That's not how it works. * Things that flower and fruit are what need your grow room: tomatoes, peppers, strawberries, fruit trees, berry bushes. * Things that flower and fruit but don't take up a lot of space are what need your grown room. This eliminates things like Halloween pumpkins and sweet potatoes. * Things that flower and fruit but don't take up a lot of space and don't need a tricky winter dormancy period in the cold are what need your grow room. This eliminates saffron, fruit trees, and berry bushes. * Things etc etc that don't need a permanent installation for vines, which eliminates hothouse table grapes. So basically you're looking at tomatoes, peppers, strawberries, and small tropical things that make fruit that don't need a winter dormancy period. So find someone local who wants to buy some of these.
You may be freezing at 62F without a sweater, but for your plants, "freezing" = 32F. Normal furnace heating is fine for plants. Things you can grow on your desk: Pothos. Snake plant. Peace lily. All the Dracaenas. Chinese evergreen. Phalaeopsis orchid ("Just Add Ice", yes, those. Come see us in /r/orchids if you go with one.) Cacti and succulents, which will grow slowly so do NOT overwater. If you want to get an architect's lamp with a 100w equivalent LED bulb, you can boost rebloom with the orchid, also grow dieffenbachia, philodendron, pileas, peperomia, rex begonia, African violet, Boston fern, others. It will also make everything in the above list grow better.
That one isn't too bad for supplemental. It's $12 but it's just for the bulb, not for the entire fixture.
They need special provisions made for a winter dormancy period. Where are you located?
There is no scientific basis or research to confirm the claims that planting certain plants next to each other will improve their taste, or deter pests. There is also no basis for the "masking scent" claim. If you hold a rose under your nose while you stand next to a sewage lagoon, your nose can still detect both scents.
No, a spike and a new root are usually about the same color and texture, which is why it's useful to know to look for a tiny mitten on the end of the thing that's growing out of the crown.
Those are normal silvery zuke markings. Powdery mildew is more of a brighter white, not a muted grayish-silver.
Did the calcium supplement also have NPK in it? What is the brand of the organic fert that you used?
There is sound science behind intercropping, such as Three Sisters or combining root veg with leaf veg, and behind trap crops, but there is none behind the concept that certain crops can repel insects and diseases (other than trap crops), or that certain crops planted next to each other will improve their flavor or have larger harvests.
Those are generally hydroponics-raised plants that aren't expecting to be taken home and potted into soil, but to be taken home and kept alive for a week or two while you pull pieces off them and cook with it. They're not a starter plant, they're a cooking ingredient. It's a shock for roots raised in water to be suddenly asked to live in soil. They don't know how, and there's a period of adjustment. You can keep it around and see if it recovers, but since basil grows so easily from seed, I'd just do that.
No, the ground has better drainage than a pot because the water can spread out sideways as well as go downwards due to gravity. In the confines of a pot, the water can only go downwards at a certain rate of speed. Overwatering rot and death is caused by the air pockets between the soil particles being filled with water for too long instead of air, so the sooner the water can get out and go away from where the plant roots are, the better. I'm not up on my Australian climate. Is Queensland the hot and humid jungle part?
Yeah. So I wouldn't worry about it too much. You can touch base with the Master Gardeners at the extension office, get their input. http://extension.wsu.edu/locations/ Your Tax Dollars At Work.
Ok, fair enough. If it worked, then thousands of small-time local farmers market vendors, truck farmers, 5-acre farmers growing veg for local restaurants, and orchardists would be using it, universally, because the word would get out, on the internet and especially from extension offices whose specific federal mandate is to help those people--and they aren't. It remains firmly in the category of folklore and "they say" or "This one weird trick".There is no double-blind study or research out there where anybody tested "marigolds repel aphids/rabbits". And as a matter of fact, there IS a study that shows that no plants repel mosquitoes. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1948-7134.2009.00007.x/pdf The military was looking for ways to protect deployed troops against mosquito-borne diseases. Not a single mention of "carry some rosemary/marigolds/ whatever" with you. This is because the plants themselves, alone, just sitting there, do nothing. You have to crush the plants and put the essential oils on their skin. In related news, the WHO, the CDC, and all the other worldwide health organization who are trying to control mosquito-borne diseases such as zika, malaria, West Nile, dengue, and many others, have never found the slightest shred of evidence that says you can simply have marigolds or lavender or whatever simply growing on your patio or in a pot next to your bed, and thereby escape being bitten. If it worked, don't you think these people would have found it, and have fallen on it with happy cries as a simple solution to malaria? Just put some marigolds next to your bed, no need for a bed net! But no. It's not a thing.
What variety are they? What is the name on the packet? Some mature sooner than others.
Part of the problem in gardening Down Under is that nearly everything on the Internet (blogs, websites, etc.) is oriented towards gardeners in the northern hemisphere, specifically in the U.S. and the UK. Even if you flip the seasons, not all of that information translates well to your radically different climate and pests. Your fastest route to gardening success is to explore local gardening sources--people, books, garden centers, TV shows--who will give you spot-on local info, instead of trying to rely on what Burpee in the U.S., or the RHS in the UK, is telling you about how to grow things. Example: yesterday there was a QLD gardener in here wanting to know why his lavender was dying. Well, basically it's because it's a Mediterranean plant that wants a Mediterranean climate, and he was growing it in rainy subtropical QLD. Some things just don't make the jump. There is a point to growing a garden that gets only a few hours of sun. Where I am (U.S. Midwest), there's a definite roster of things you can grow in that situation. For starters, if there's at least 6 hours of sun a day, then that counts as "full sun" and you can proceed as usual, with veggies, herbs, roses, whatever you want.
If it was me, I'd break that all down, dump it out, and look at what's going on in there, because from the side, it sure looks like ordinary houseplant potting soil. I always break down my new Phals just on general principles anyway, to check for rotting roots.
There are lilac cultivars that are blue. Other than that, pretty much hydrangeas. There aren't a lot of blue shrubs out there.
It's up to you. That's just an alternate "look" for jade plants. You can have either a single jade "tree", or you can have the "mini forest" potful of cuttings as in the photo. YSK that the pot full of cuttings won't stay that way permanently, as the cuttings outgrow it, so if you like the "look", periodically you have to start over.
You pick it when the florets are the size of a matchhead, so pick it now. Tomorrow morning the florets will open the rest of the way and it will be too late.
It gets worse: you need two plants. https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/edible/vegetables/tomatillo/empty-tomatillo-husks.htm Where are you located?
Water the ground thoroughly a couple of days before, perform the actual move in the very early morning before it gets hot, and provide shade for a week or two afterwards.
Sandy soil is a godsend if you want to grow nice carrots that don't look like XXX candidates for /r/pics . Whether you need a raised bed depends on exactly how sandy your "dirt" is, and on what you want to grow. You can also simply spade in amendments to your sandy soil, such as compost and composted manures, which help to increase organic matter and retain moisture, the biggest problem with sandy soils. Green manures and cover crops also help a lot. And these things are a lot cheaper and easier than trying to construct an entirely new garden on top of the dirt from scratch. Where are you located?
Oh, you should be good, then. They like it cool and moist. Go ahead and replant them.
You can try over in /r/marijuanaenthusiasts Yes, seriously. For a tree like that, honestly I'd probably pop for a professional arborist to come out and tell you what to do. "Fill the hole with gravel" sounds squirrelly to me, but IANA arboorist. This is a tree for your great-grandchildren, I'd think it worth spending $50 to find out the correct answer. Not that random Internet strangers aren't all founts of unimpeachable wisdom, but still.
It doesn't matter a lot as long as you're not overwatering and as long as it has a hole in the bottom. Many people prefer the esthetics of terracotta over glazed ceramic, but it's up to you.
You can.
Heat, yes. Give them some shade during the hottest part of the afternoon, and make sure they have plenty of soil moisture, but without overwatering. Mulching helps a lot. Also check for aphids and/or scale insects. Ants often mean that.
Three parts compost with one part perlite.
That's true, and I never recommend to the "I just bought this, what is it and how do I take care of it" people that, once they get it out of the pot and look at the roots, they put it back into moss. I always recommend bark, but mainly because of overwatering, because a lot of newbies can't help puttering around with their new plant every day, giving it lots of pampering little drinkies of water. If it's in bark, you can get away with that a lot of the time, and you tend to get more leeway. With moss, never.
Mulch is never a bad thing unless you're doing it wrong. Volcano mulching is very bad for trees and other things with stems that rot if you heap up wet organic rotting material against it, and it's bad for things that need more oxygen that the huge layer of mulch is cutting off. So basically, volcano mulch is not a good technique unless you know what you're doing, so I'd advise newbies to avoid it. Standard mulching practice is to put down the layer of mulch over the entire bed, not just in a ring around individual plants, leaving bare dirt. This is for two reasons: 1. The bare dirt gets weeds. 2. The bare dirt evaporates moisture. Since the purpose of mulching is to stop weeds and reduce evaporation, mulching only a part of the bed is like vaccinating only half the kids in a kindergarten. The optimal width for a bed is 4 feet. A human can reach about 2 feet into a bed from a kneeling position at the side, so a bed that's 4 feet wide means you can reach the center without needing to step into the bed itself. So 3 foot beds aren't as efficient a use of space as a 4 foot bed, unless you're cramped for room.
For the most accurate answer, ask the Master Gardeners down at the extension office, http://extension.uga.edu/about/county/ Your Tax Dollars At Work.
Pampering drinkies are what you get when your female cow-orkers bend over the office snake plant in the reception area and coo baby talk to it while they water it. Daily. Sometimes twice daily. Bored at work? Go water the plant. Again. This is why overwatering kills more office plants than anything.
Well, so? And? I don't know what you mean, "What is going on with this dirt?" Dirt is going to have mycelium in it. This is Planet Earth, that's how it works. If this was Mars, I'd be either worried or excited, "Wow, cool, mycelium!" or, "OMG mycelium we're all gonna die!". It's Earth, so it's, "Well, so? And?"
