They followed the books on this one, which made it sound like a suicide... and honestly, it would just further show what a monster Ramsay is. I wouldn't call it bad writing, let alone "the worst writing in TV history".
[That's not how I remember the song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f06QZCVUHg)
That would be a lot of money that could be better used elsewhere. Frankly, a country that small can't defend itself against Russia so if Russia showed aggression, it would really come down to NATO's stance on the situation, not Lithuania's defense budget.
Does this mean Greece would be the go-to place to launder money?
Fair point.
Maybe /r/amibeingdetained or /r/justiceporn.
No kidding, what patience in the face of someone just looking to escalate a simple matter into something bigger. "...and did I sign anything that obligated me to get my car inspected" Hmm, maybe when you signed your driver's license, or maybe nothing at all you little shit. Maybe you're obligated to do it because its the law where you live.
I have nothing to back it up, but I assume most people hunt deer for meat primarily. A typical deer allows my family of four to go 8-10 months without buying ground beef, and the venison tastes very similar, while being healthier.
&gt; will lose to something that went through puberty as a man and also worked their ass off. Edit: not saying it isn't unfair, just making sure you didn't mean that a typical guy could beat olympians.
Sure, a trained guy who competes at a high level could, but a typical guy could not.
In the 2008 Olympics (hint: no enhancing drugs), the gold medal for the women's 75kg (~165lb) was won with a record of 128kg (~282lb) for the snatch and 154kg (~339) for the clean and jerk, for a total of 282kg (~621lb). If every single one of you and your gym friends can out-lift that (even without factoring in your bodyweight), then you are not a typical bunch of guys. Edit: [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weightlifting_at_the_2012_Summer_Olympics_%E2%80%93_Women%27s_75_kg)
Exactly. Although even the typical consistent-gym-goer couldn't pull those numbers.
Every nominee has some stupid supporters. I would consider myself a Trump supporter, but this whole treaty business and that guy's comments are nuts. Please don't lump us together.
I agree, and also China is the biggest emitter in the world, and in the agreement by a decent margin.
Nazism is aka National Socialism. It's not all about the "master race" stuff.
He was a foreign invader! Justified.
Thanks for reminding me I'm going to hell.
The song is only Eminem.
No.
Well considering Muslims aren't a race, I would suspect it isn't a racist attack.
Most don't rob out of hate but for money, never mind the other 99% of crimes where hate isn't a factor.
Greed mixed with a lack of empathy. Doing had things to someone does not equate you hating them.
As I understand it, they are being transferred to regular prisons, not released. And if any of them ever commit terrorist attacks, people aren't going to forget Obama's role in it.
Half of those don't match Trump, and most are so vague that they can be applied to any administration if you try hard enough.
1) Trump 2) N/A 3) N/A 4) Vague/Broad/Subjective 5) N/A 6) Trump 7) Trump 8) Vague/Broad/Subjective 9) N/A 10) N/A 11) N/A 12) N/A 13) Trump 14) Trump **Edit: How, in your eyes, does Trump match #2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12?**
Wow, zero explanation for your reasoning about any of those. **2)** How does MAGA 'reject modernism and modern thought'? **3)** How is the border wall action for action's sake? It's pretty clear the goal is to help enforce immigration laws. **5)** This is true in regard to his statements about Mexicans early in the campaign, although he has changed his tune in that regard. **9)** *"Life as permanent warfare; there is no middle ground between the movement and those outside the movement"* You fall squarely in that 'non-existent' middle ground. **10)** I'm not sure how you got contempt for the weak from a couple mean words. **11)** ??? **12)** Certainly that is a shameful part of him, but that doesn't equate disdain for women, and I've not heard any condemnation of non-traditional sexual habits. Homosexuality is certainly non-traditional, and yet [here he is holding up the gay pride flag.](http://img.huffingtonpost.com/asset/scalefit_630_noupscale/58177a15150000d804530d10.jpeg)
He's A-list now. One of the most famous people in the world.
Fame is the right metric, that is what celebrity is. Just because you and others don't like him, that doesn't change.
No doubt in my mind you're right about that, but that doesn't change what I said.
If some moves don't seem to make sense, hindsight is 20/20 and this was our 2nd ever game each.
SWJ getting called on their shit: "This was done to start a dialogue"
&gt; Initially, it's assumed there was something... From this, for reasons unknown... So the answer is we don't know.
Crying like she's in poverty while making $50k and owning a house...
[Do what you must](http://i.imgur.com/zB4CJXc.jpg)
That's a winner.
Im on mobile so no link right now, but he essentially said that it is still illegal, and the profits still contribute to organized crime, so law enforcement should still enforce
How is he compromising the 1st amendment? Did I miss something?
Citation needed.
She took huge sums of money from them. He left them off that list because he is president, and America has critical military bases there. He personally is getting nothing (but flak from anti-trumpers like you) out of that. You might notice Egypt is not on that list either, because the Suez Canal is important.
You must not have seen the recent story...
But they are also not contradictions. It has no place on this sub.
Ottawa is the capital, haha. It's not very Florida.
Good, don't want you here if you have DUIs.
Or you can just not drive under the influence.
Not sorry
Which is what Trudeau is doing too... nothing. You do realize that right? It's just words, no action or change is taking place. He's just virtue signaling
Things are pretty bad in **your** mind if a coup seems like the best solution.
Your recollection of events is not correct. You are forgetting the 2014 Parliament shooter.
Given how long it's taking the authorities to release the identity of the attackers, they're almost surely Muslim. If they were anything else, they'd have said it right away and the media would be all over it.
Remind me! one day
It's a good bet statistically.
They have a habit of attacking ~~each other~~ **everyone**.
Implying they'll even finish their degree. They aren't getting that homework exemption.
I agree with you on a lot of this, but there's no way small shops can automate jobs out as easily as buying iPads, or they would have already. You need a custom app made for the iPads, or a e-commerce website for online ordering. Basic (halfway affordable) iPad apps won't be able to do coupons, returns, exchanges, give directions to/expertise on products, handle cash transactions, deal with price tag discrepancies, etc.
Do you really think Russia wasn't competent? Both the US and Russia had to spend absurd amounts of money during the cold war. The difference​ was that Russia started off with decimated population, infrastructure, and economy, while America started out as an industrial and economic powerhouse. Mix in the economic effects of capitalism vs communism, and they never stood a chance.
He is replying to &gt; The rise of the **new** right wing populism.
4 hours / 1 min is 240 people at a time. If they want around-the-clock coverage that's 720 people. That's very do-able, but also assumes that they somehow perfectly work out who watches what with no overlap.
That Muslims will never stop.
It was safe to assume the moment it was clear that the killing was random.
You sure are jumping the gun. Treason? We (the public) still haven't seen anything proving connections between the hacking and Russia, let alone Russia and Trump.
Source on that research?
&gt;There was no public evidence prior to this that actual machines were hacked. There still isn't. Have you read the document? It seems like lots of commentors have not.
It's one class, and it's an elective. They aren't doomed for choosing it as their elective either, the town he's talking about is Ottawa, the capital of Canada, and there are many systems that still run on COBOL here.
What were the blimps for?
Oh, that's cool, thanks!
There is a colossal difference between the risks of invading Ukraine vs invading Poland: NATO. He won't touch Poland.
Just everywhere there are Muslims. You don't hear about this in South America, Japan, Poland, etc.
&gt; That's because you can't see very far. I think it's better that way. Imagine floating in the ocean and being able to see clear through to the bottom and on all sides. The sheer scale is terrifying.
Interestingly NATO is more than America and Poland.
&gt; the Gang of Four book Is that the title? What is it called? Thanks
&gt; 2010, 16 years old &gt; 2017, graduates with Master's of Science Fake and gay.
What does an 'appropriated' burrito look like compared to a 'true' burrito?
Well, thanks, I can see the distinction between the two now. That said, I don't think it is a good or bad thing. People are free to eat 'true' Mexican burritos, or 'Americanized' burritos. Anyone who cares is just professionally offended.
I suspect the fact that they were her's wasn't a matter of convenience.
Gretzky sounds like the asshole in this scenario tbh.
And in the guy's case "Let's also try to steal while we're there"
There are tax brackets. You can literally type into Google "income tax Canada" and there should be no surprises
You put it perfectly into words. I wasn't going to bother after all the downvotes... people are stubborn. I'd bet at least one of the people who downvoted also laugh when 50cent declared bankruptcy, or a lottery winner blew it all. *How could they be so stupid*, right?
&gt;this is one of those things I just have to accept is true because the proof is insane. Like most proofs to most people!
In this metric, Canada is the Alberta of the developed world: high social mobility, behind only a few of the Nordic countries.
I browse this sub frequently and I've never seen anyone advocating genocide. Have you?
You're both wrong. Do you think these corporations pay out big money to CS or finance folk out of the goodness of their heart? Or maybe they do it for funsies. Maybe they've got a running bet on how much many they can waste hiring people they don't need.
Note that "Don't Make Me Think" has nothing to do with code really, but is very good for front-end design.
A groom? Congratulations man!
Okay so you're asking 'why does the game end when defeat is inevitable rather than a single turn later when the king physically gets taken'? Or are you asking 'why the game doesn't just let you put your king in danger' and lose for doing so'?
Watch that edge, you might hurt yourself.
He always spoke like that. Nothing is declining.
What kinds of things can the drops give?
Maybe don't shoplift, especially knowing you have two 'strikes'. That said, judge trials are bullshit.
I'm also fairly new, and if you're like me, the other comment has so many new terms, it might as well be gibberish. That said, I've played vs ~15 people at this point, and I see a big variety of decks... maybe your experience was just an outlier. As for item-heavy decks, they may just counter the kind of deck that you're running. They are countered well by the **Lethal** keyword, which is found mostly in green and purple cards.
I don't know what it is about the game. I'm normally a very cheery gamer in multiplayer games, but that game just brought out the worst in me. I quit because of it.
The employment rate is the % of people total who are working. The participation rate is the % of people who are working **or** trying to find work. The unemployment rate measures the % of people who are participating but not working. So right now, 65.8% of people are working or trying to work, and of those people, 94.3% are employed while 5.7% are not.
Well OP did mention that most were grads of UWaterloo and UToronto, **and** there is some selection bias given where it was posted, **and** people with higher offers are more likely to share **and**, most importantly, people on the internet lie... who knows why.
The data is not being manipulated... this is not some new way of spinning numbers. This is how they've done it in the past, and these numbers are great compared to those past numbers. I make no comment about the economy at large because I don't have a clue about that, but employment right now is great.
Which episode? Top episodes IMO: * S1 E3 * S2 E4 * S3 E3 * S4 E1
You need some reading comprehension. You just said the same thing I did... in no way did I include all the retirees in the 5.7% that are unemployed.
If you see smoke, it's west coast. If you see snow, it's east coast.
The '*/r/Canada is so awful*' circlejerk is just as bad as the '*Canada is so awful*' circlejerk.
Define underemployment. That sounds hella tricky to measure.
&gt; Cards enabling indestructible supports Please no.
&gt; I heard that the rewards there are better than AI Arena but are harder Yeah, my rank 9 AI arena with 9 wins gave similar rewards to my rank 9 VS arena with 2 wins.
Well education does still get you somewhere, but it's less valuable now than it once was, and more expensive.
Speak for yourself. Coming here is fun in the same way that going to the zoo is fun.
Does a machete count?
What was the sentence? Can't watch on mobile.
Well Pai wasn't elected for one. Also you seem to be under the impression that the internet isn't incredibly important.
Wow, that's incredibly lenient for trying to kill one of two (realistically) candidates for the highest elected office.
The people on the news tend to get paid *very* well. Feel sorry for all their aspiring competition that will never make it on the air.
RIP italian herb sandwich, you were my last bit of joy at tim's.
I had paid breaks at both Walmart and Sobeys... they can't have been that rare.
Source on the chicken? I've heard that claim several times, but never a source.
Even for most jobs, employers would be able to find what they need if they pay enough... That's supply and demand. There ought to be a very high bar for the program.
So it is actual chicken then... you made it sound like it was not literal chicken because it is not very palatable.
I'm not being obtuse, your wording was just deceptive &gt; and they **even** stopped using **actual** chicken in their sandwiches
I'd support that.
Wow, how's the following for perspective: You spend over half a month's combined take-home on shoes each year. That's like both of you taking a two-week unpaid vacation, and that's just the cost of your shoes. 4.5% of your combined take-home is spent JUST on your shoes. What the fuck man.
Played this when I was young, before the internet could have helped. The one thing that trips you up big time is when a pokemon learns a new move and you can't remember what it is so you roll the dice and hope you didn't just give them a garbage move.
Where do they work that they make $60k as students? I call bullshit, this isn't the US.
Well if you break everything down to sound like that, you can make any crime sound silly, but you just described stealing.
&gt; Never checking variables What do you mean by this?
A PhD student?
What is discovery?
Ah, so it's a security issue?
Still an infinitely better friend than the maid of honour.
Who gets drunk BEFORE the ceremony?
&gt;But he spent it on strippers and booze. After everything else you told us, that was assumed haha.
Yeah, so that's $60k as a soon-to-be new grad. Still a student technically, but it's not like you're being paid $30/hr for a co-op.
Forget the strain argument, I find it just has better text colour options for code (variables, etc).
This is the real crime here.
Canada is already nearly at those levels, percentage-wise...both federally and in several provinces.
What defines a support/control/ramp deck? Also what is 'reach'?
Or you can just do 6hrs sleep + coffee if that works for you. **Edit** Getting 6hrs vs 8hrs x5 days per week x47 weeks per year has you awake for an extra 470 hours per year. That's nearly a month of awake time, for someone who sleeps 8hrs a day (~29 days). The coffee is definitely worth the trade for some people.
10hrs a night! Do you work a regular 8 hour day? That would leave 6 hours for commute, cooking, shower, shit, and shave, then whatever is left is free time...
Assuming that's even true (source?), that extra time is spent in old age, which usually won't be as quality as time in youth.
Nice, I'm envious.
The very old are typically uncomfortable too. That said, it all comes down to the person. I feel mostly fine on 6 hrs so it's a no-brainer.
Thank you so much. The sub should really have something similar to your comment in the sidebar.
I've never lived the latter, but from what I've heard, yeah. All the extra time in question is not spent working in either scenario, but in one you're not near end-of-life with a body that hurts and a mind that is slower.
The only specifics given there say to regularly get at least 4hrs and less than 10hrs as a child.
What does '10x' mean or refer to? I've seen that a few times now on the sub.
Agreed!
Haiti. Let me tell you, Haiti has seen some bad times, folks. Some really bad times. Nearly 2 decades ago they had an earthquake- big earthquake, and we let millions of them come here, tens of millions, probably. Let me tell you... they came here and they said "America is GREAT. We want to stay here. We're going to stay here." Mind you, this was before Obama. They loved America folks, can't blame them for that. But they can't stay. They can't stay. They aren't Americans, and they need to go back. They have 18 months to leave, because we need America for Americans. America first!
This is just whining about Trump, not saying things he would... That's not really what the sub is.
Norway consistently ranks as one of the best countries to love in, with high education on average. Plus, he recently met with the PM of Norway so it was fresh on the mind. This is just blown out of proportion and the media should be focusing their attention on allegations against him of collusion, sexual assault, etc (rather than whether he said another racist thing or not)
For not wanting to bring in (relatively) educated, unhealthy, poor people, rather than healthier, middle-class, educated people? Those places **are** shitholes, but it has nothing to do with the colour of skin of the people living there.
I'd agree if they were other nations...
&gt;I can't really understand that a country of 320+ million people lets their political views be dictated by just 'picking a side'. That's really easy to say with many parties, but when there are just realistically two, people get pushed away from center. Then when one party starts being shady, the other one can get away with more because they aren't as bad.
Shawarma...or so I thought until I tried shawarma.
Oh I'm not American. Here we've only had two parties in power for decades, but the other parties are at least relevant.
Canadian
Are you high?
Not to mention, what kind of restaurant can you 'buy and flip' for 100k (in an area where houses are 1M no less).
How were your first weeks at your first dev job ever? My day is all existential crises, trying to make sense of the codebase, and struggling to stay focused enough to read all the team's onboarding documentation (tutorial for the tech stack, coding conventions, etc). I started last week.
I can't think of a job with a better 'time invested in education/training to compensation' ratio than CS, plus the job market is very good compared to other fields in just about any city.
What program are you in? Is it a special one? I never had a class start after 7pm.
Where I'm from, the regulating body doesn't allow landlords to increase rent on existing tenants by more than inflation annually... maybe there is a similar such regulation where you live. That said, it was hilarious to see a $9 increase in rent on a $500/month room... the maximum allowed.
This is the dream. Rent in the city while young, and retire/work remotely/downgrade jobs and get a big house in the country.
Well the 1/3 rule gets less important as income increases as the other expenses don't rise in step with the housing. That said, if you can afford more, you should probably just the extra instead.
A couple of young professionals with decent jobs who have forgotten or neglected retirement.
They hated him because he told them the truth /meme
Yeah, it's seems terrifyingly common. I'm guessing it's going to end up with many people living off the government-provided pension and multiple generations living in the same house.
What do you mean by 'retail trading'?
Thought I had a seizure reading the title.
500k/month? When the above system can get a 40% return month-over-month? I'll invest $500 in you, then invest my 500k/month income on the other system. I'll be a trillionaire in just 45 month (that's if I only invest my 1st month's income)!! Where do I sign?
We elect corporate positions?
You must not come here much. Several grocers were engaged in price-fixing on bread for some 14 years. If you don't know, it's illegal. Loblaws voluntarily snitched on its competitors in exchange for immunity. They are offering a $25 gift card to all Canadian adults for a limited time. Google it to sign up.
You just gotta pound the bootstraps, pull up your avacado toast, and stop buying pavement.
I don't think the boosts are temporary. He's deregulating pretty hard, which is good for corporations and the stock market.
NAFTA won't be cancelled. The only reason people are pretending there is a chance of it being cancelled is that Trump is fragile enough that he would if people said he wouldn't. There's too much for the US to lose... unless someone provokes Trump's ego.
Why's that?
As someone who doesn't know much about these interest rates, why were the rates so low, why does the government altar the rates (what are the benefits/drawbacks of upping or lowering the rates), and what can we expect from higher rates? If anyone could answer, that would be much appreciated.
$700 here gets you roommates, plus you're paying for internet, sometimes other utilities, and food (that I'm assuming is all included in this home-rent).
Well, yeah, they moved out at 25... into their own house.
In my case, they are asking for not even enough to cover food costs, and only because I have a solid job... If I were to become unemployed, I'd go back to living rent-free. I think it's a fair compromise.
When they are talking about NEETS in the context of incels, they also mean that the person is either mentally unwell, or a lazy sack of shit who isn't even trying to do anything with their life.
They should have never closed /r/incels.
What's with people not naming these companies directly? Do they dear something, or is it just for fun?
Though typically will not have all the services that a bank does.
Well, you wouldn't want a US missile hitting Russian troops, would you? Nobody on Earth should want that.
There won't be war, this is just fear-mongering.
NK couldn't hope to destroy US military capabilities, so they would just aim at civilians in a second-strike scenario... and they will never strike first... and the US will never strike first. It's all just fear-mongering. Nothing is going to happen.
It's not saying that they couldn't do damage, but they would have about a 0% chance of stopping an overwhelming retaliation. It's pretty standard nuclear strategy to go for civilian targets if you can't hope to stop a retaliation.
Mortgages.
All of the comments here are missing a few big points. Most of the early dropouts fall into two categories: people with weak English skills who will obviously have trouble learning in their second language, and very young, immature people who are right out of high school. Also people are comparing the 2 vs 3 year programs. If you google "Algonquin grad survey" you can see grad employment stats. Historically, both programs share vs similar employment rates and average salaries upon graduation... sometimes the 2 year program even outperforms. I took the 2 year program and in applying for jobs, the only employer who ever insisted on more than a 2-year program was CSIS who had a policy of not hiring anyone with less than 3. Apart from that, I felt I had near equal footing with uni grads. I ended up getting 2 co-op terms with the federal government (same agency) and had a relevant full-time permanent job lined up after graduation with a different federal department.
Level 2 java classes focus on OOP concepts. Level 3 is about system design, design patterns, etc. Level 4 has a class on 'enterprise java' that touches on spring, hibernate, multithreading, maven, etc.
I just finished the program. Earliest classes are 8AM. Latest for me ended at 8PM. Most are during 'business hours' (8AM-5PM), though you'll probably have 1 or so evening class per semester. You can switch into other sections of the same course if there is room (so you have a little bit of flexibility). This is especially true in levels 1 and 2, where there are more students and therefore more different sections. There is also a daycare facility on campus. I don't know anything about it, but it's there. Unrelated, unsolicted advice: Getting a co-op is nearly as important as the education itself. Try your best to secure one! Good luck!
Or you could cut your losses and adopt an existing healthy child who wants nothing more than stable, loving parents.
Well not investing it means losing value to inflation. Don't try to time the market... money will grow long-term, through the ups and downs. This is especially true for young people who have the benefit of long-term investing.
It kills so few BECAUSE of that attention spent on it... how do people always neglect that? Obviously intelligence and enforcement services will never be able to stop 100% of attacks, but they prevent and deter.
In part because there is so much attention being given to counter-terrorism, including keeping a large police presence.
Have a source for that claim? I looked for lightning strikes deaths, and all I could find were two questionable estimates: 6,000 and 24,000 annually. As far as terrorism goes: [14,000 in 2014](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_terrorism#/media/File:Global_Terrorism_Index_2015_depicts_death_from_terror_attacks_2000-2014,_p._14.png) and one could extrapolate that it is currently likely 20,000 deaths annually. Now, those number are for all terrorism, but 57% of those attacks occurred in Iraq, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Nigeria, and Syria. One can assume that 99% of those 57% of attacks are Islamic. Add to that the other 43% of attacks, of which we'll assume that 1 in 3 are Islamic (probably higher), and we're looking at Islamic terrorism being ~70% of the total terrorism in 2014 (in terms of number of attacks). That means approx. 9,800 deaths from Islamic terrorism (in 2014), vs. wildly varied estimates of 6,000-24,000 annual deaths from lightning.
Medical jobs, though those aren't easy or quick or cheap to get qualified for.
Well of course it can't tell you what the future is guaranteed... nothing can. But if you look at past data and extrapolate, you'll come up with 7%.
&gt; I'm in favor of pre-9/11 levels of anti-terrorism activity. That's how you get a 9/11-like event. Coincidentally, the 3000 deaths from terrorism number you cited (if security was scaled back) is roughly how many people died on 9/11.
I'm assuming OP is talking about cryptocurrency, which governments are regulating. They do so by associating crypto wallets with regular bank accounts and watching the money go in/out.
Not worth it for him to kill Americans just to reclaim what is to him a small amount of money.
That was in Mexico... it's completely different there. In this case, he will not be coming back.
He also initially said he wouldn't be stepping down. Then he resigned at 1am in the morning after pressure from his staff and party.
&gt; I lay down on the ground Congratulations, you've been trampled to death by bears, lions, and gorillas.
People need to get off the rats' dicks. You 'duck and cover' while the rats protect-swarm you, and a gorilla OR lion OR brown bear OR buffalo (OR all of them) come barreling in and stomp the fuck out of you before the rats can do a thing. I question whether they could even compete with the brown bears long term... I doubt their bites can make it through fur and hide.
When is a fear of dying ever senseless?
Alcohol is the same, but people use the LCBO. Many people will use the regulated stores because: * It is quality-controlled * It is reliable * It will fund public works * It will offer a better range of products * It will ease their conscience And of course many will not, as they already have a consistent, reliable, cheaper source.
You're not giving nearly enough credit to fucking bears and gorillas. You could have 100,000 rats, but a brown bear is going to charge through them and end you before the rats can stop it. Never mind 3 bears, 4 gorillas, etc.
Yeah exactly. I used the word reliable, but that's what I meant. Then again a dealer can be more convenient, just not consistently. They can meet you in your neighborhood at early/late hours, etc.
I doubt Pence is wrapped up in all of this.
McConnell is not a nice guy, but c'mon, there was some nuance to his objection to paying the military. He wanted to at least negotiate for a day or two before making exceptions, to ensure more urgent negotiations.
When do they pick? Do the MPs pick, or the public? **Edit**: Already happened. It's Vic Fedeli.
To save the taxpayers some money! #AmericaFirst /s
Yeah okay there big game hunter. There's 44 different animals coming at you, and I don't know of any fully automatic hunting rifles with a large enough magazine for that, let alone calibre to stop bears, buffalo, lions, and gorillas in their tracks.
You're making tons of assumptions about where everything is to start. Even if all 44 start at a long distance and nicely grouped in one direction, one hunter is not going to drop all 44 between the starting distance and you. Anyone who thinks they're surviving this weird scenario is deluded, regardless of which animals they pick.
I'm talking from a pragmatic standpoint. There's no way it's economically worth it for him to murder American citizens in America for that amount of money.
&gt;I'd expect junior devs to have more or about equal work completed to senior devs, but I'd expect senior devs to finish the project as a whole more efficiently and better How do you measure 'work completed', and why are juniors doing more than seniors?
He's wrong. They can't legally even do that. What they do is give you store credit equal to some small percentage of your purchase, in the form of their money.
ELI5: Fairness doctrine?
It's blackmail. The Russians don't want to kill an American President, past or present.
Or info about financial crimes.
Is Mueller part of the FBI? I thought he was just in his own special authority/organization.
What kind of employer gives a 1 month contract in this field? That just doesn't seem beneficial... for them either.
No clue, sorry, I'm new myself.
Thank you, as someone who started their career earlier this month, this comment was comforting. You described that 'quarter-life crises' to a tee.
Or just don't clap right into the fucking thing.
Trump is enacting tariffs on Canada, **and** Mexico, **and** the EU. That's why they're all retaliating.
More like Day 2: Someone has made a blatantly ripped off Pornhub knock-off, and the American company Google redirects all searches for and links to pornhub to the knock-off. Pornhub dies. The knock-off is now the real deal.
I guess if it's a savings issue, rather than an income issue. Or maybe it's just about helping you get a bigger downpayment to help with mortgage payments, or to pay it down quicker.
Why?
He's right, and your anecdotal experience doesn't change that.
Yeah, this is literally the Holocaust! /s
The fact that they're leaving it to the discretion of the mod team to decide what is reputable is even worse.
Living in Vancouver lights money on fire...
Or somewhere else in Canada.
Right? 40 mins isn't even terrible.
Well, maybe she's right. What do we, as outsiders, know about the situation except for an article.
She could be as concerned (or more) about the court of public opinion than the actual court.
Trump is the furthest thing from a globalist to hold the presidency in recent memory.
The holding conditions and lack of knowledge about missing children is terrible of that, that said: &gt;Separating children from their parents is never okay. We seperate children from parents who commit all other crimes that result in detention. Why is this different?
*Not to jump to conclusions, but I'm going to jump to conclusions.* — Classic reddit armchair detectives
Is this pasta?
Not too familiar with the field, but on the top of my head some good guesses include: **Statistics** * Statistics Canada **Defense** * BAE Systems * Boeing * Bombardier * Raytheon **Intelligence** * CSE * CSIS
Exactly. It's been good times for quite awhile now, yet there has been no progress on the debt. It's gotten far worse.
Saying Ontario is in okay shape at 40% because Greece only defaulted at 200% is like saying that someone who got shot is fine because some other person once-upon-a-time sustained way more damage before dying.
This guy isn't wrong, people. I can't link because I'm on mobile, but Google "2016 election voters by income" and see for yourself. But of course, when did facts ever matter when bashing Trump supporters?
Not to mention your other points are nonsense. * Healthcare is indeed a provincial responsibility. That doesn't make the debt any better. If the province can't afford healthcare without debt then something needs to change to address that. * Sure there are good investments. Some are worth going into debt for. Not everything is... especially when the debt gets worse continually, and eats away further at our budget. * This only benefits some Ontarians who are investing and would otherwise just invest that money elsewhere and benefit. The fiscal state of the provincial government is unaffected by who it owes the money to. Make no mistake, it is no emergency yet, but there is widespread apathy about the debt from the public and all major political parties. It'll be an emergency if we continue this trajectory.
[This is the one I looked at](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/11/08/us/politics/election-exit-polls.html), but I'm sure it's the same numbers.
Classy.
The fact that this comment is "controversial" says everything about this sub. Canadian police are not nearly as bad as American police. And even American police are largely a force for good. We see all of the remotely bad stuff highlighted online, but rarely do we see the good they do.
The average right-leaning Canadian just goes on /r/Canada. Of course, this sub would have you believe that anyone voicing a right-of-centre stance on there is a "Russian bot" or a "troll".
This sub will never attract the moderate right until it stops upvoting comments like "fuck the police" and downvotes replies pointing out the good that police do. Whether or not it wants to admit it, this sub has a hate problem too. It's just directed at different groups.
In my city, "anti-fascists" showed up with communist flags and physically stopped people from entering our public library because a local university professor was giving a talk on free speech. She ended up having to cancel. Naturally, the irony was lost on the young morons, and they celebrated their victory against facism.
He literally cast a single vote (which had factors to consider beyond "Do I like the gays?") and now he's a homophobe. Really? There is plenty of garbage he has said and done to criticize. Don't be name-calling over nothing. It's easy to see you're jumping to conclusions here, and that cheapens every other thing you say about him.
You need to stop thinking in "sides", and stop making excuses for your "side" because of things the other "side" does. Shutting down public talks is exactly the kind of thing fascism promotes, and it is unacceptable. You clearly understand that much though, as you just exercised "whataboutism" instead of defending their actions.
No amount of deaths would be comparable. The United States did not invade the better part of a continent to round up select groups and exterminate them on a terrifying scale. Nothing in the modern western world has come close to what the Nazis did, but of course why should that stop ignorant people from claiming that any given thing is "basically Hitler" or "just like the Nazis".
It fits the word of the question but not the spirit.
[/r/PersonalFinanceCanada/wiki/money-steps](https://www.reddit.com/r/PersonalFinanceCanada/wiki/money-steps)
They would have lasted longer in the Pacific, but wouldn't the Soviets and the nuclear bombs still happen at about the same time? Surely the war would have ended roughly the same time regardless.
Mainland Europe was already conquered, the Soviets were going to attack anyway, and America was already supporting the Allies. How much could have really changed by the Axis declaring war first?
Don't trivialize victims of the Gestapo. If it was comparable, he would have never been released, let alone paid out. It was a mistake, and a big one at that, but this is modern-day Canada, not some police state.
RemindMe! 3 hours
What do you spend on housing?
You're having trouble finding a cheap small town in Canada? What are your criteria? Because there are a lot.
&gt; The main reason Libya was attacked was for popularity reasons, the press likes a war Really? It wasn't human rights abuses, but because the press likes a war? The US, UK, France, and Canada all participated in those bombings.
Just reform it. Elect Senators, like in the US. Here, we currently appoint them for life...
Source?
Fat shaming and kink shaming.
Y'all have lost your minds in fear.
The Republicans are democratically elected. In the early years, the Nazis (including Hitler) were jailed for their political violence... beating up political opponents in the street, shutting down speeches of their opponents, etc. They are not even comparable. Antifa would be the modern-day American group that most closely resembles the Nazis, but to even say that is being dramatic.
Should they let all the illegal immigrants go? Just declare open borders? It's a problem with no good solution *because there are so many of them*. More funding for the holding areas would be good though.
People are losing their minds over this, and/or don't know the first detail about how the Nazis came to power and did what they did.
The Jewish people in Germany were rounded up by their own government and shipped off to be exterminated. Today, these are people who crossed the border and are being held for processing like they would be in any other nation. The scale and the surrounding climate are the only differences. These comparisons to the Nazis death camps are insulting to those victims.
&gt;Trump is violating the US's treaty obligations by treating them like this. By holding them for processing like it's always been done?
Wow that's a lot of people at fault... both for doing **and not doing** things... You haven't physically gone and tried to 'rescue' any of these people, have you? If not, by your logic, you're complicit too. Shame on you.
That doesn't change the ludicrous argument being made. There are similarities (people being held against their will in a camp), but that's it. Why not lump in regular prison here too?
That is such a naive attitude, and an idea with clearly no thought put into it.
There's two sides to every coin. Those jobs would pay better if there were no illegals in the states.
Oof, careful with that link. The people on this sub, in general, hate the facts.
Source?
I expect the Liberals will win the next election, but not because Scheer is associated with a terrible Ford government. RemindMe! October 21st, 2019
Just not the important ones that he did a 180 on. Namely: * electoral reform * deficits under $10B for the first two budgets (actually ended up being something like $29B and $28B deficits respectively) The economy has been roaring too. There is absolutely no reason for more debt. These are the times to pay the debt down.
Yeah, invest in yourself by paying down your debts so when the economy turns, you aren't servicing ever-increasing interest payments.
You realize that by taking chips off the mortgage, you're also growing your net worth at the interest rate that you're paying? The personal finance community is split on that too. Statistically it often better to invest a windfall, but it is hard to beat that guaranteed smaller return by paying the mortgage.
&gt; Families are presenting themselves to border authorities to seek asylum. That's the thing. Many do not need it. Many are there because it the past they could stay there while being processed, get rejected months later, and just do it again. They abused the system, and here we are.
American land given to Jews by the British? I'm not sure that your solution is any better. Plus it doesn't address the religious importance at all.
Thank you.
That would be the case regardless I think.
Well technically you're not supposed to transport alcohol across provincial borders either... there is a pretty big case in court right now over a man bringing a personal amount of beer from QC to his maritime province (I forget which one) and the cops are trying to enforce it.
To be fair, it's a pretty toothless, symbolic organization.
Our ancestors were all immigrants. Most of us are native.
I mean too well liked considering his actions. No doubt Trump's approval rating of 45% means 'too well liked' for many Americans.
Built by slaves no doubt.
&gt;we spared no ~~expense~~ slaves
They're slaves. Their passports are confiscated, and they have no rights.
Nothing wrong with expecting that if you work and the spouse stays home (which I'm assuming is the case given the wording).
It might not get *easy*, but it gets *easier*.
Here, you open your HTML tag. Then you put your hacks in. Then you close the HTML tag.
&gt; It was Liberal voters that put Doug Ford in power, after all. Can we not attack people for **not** strategically voting? I despise the OLP and Doug Ford, but I commend the Liberal voters for sticking to their apparent values.
You forgot your target. &lt;hack&gt;American election&lt;/hack&gt;
Now is the worst time to jump into that.
The best time would have been months ago, or earlier.
Canada and California have similar populations (36M vs 39M respectively). Plus Canada has access to the Atlantic as well, which California does not.
Well, climate change and rising populations will put a lot of people in a bad spot. Tough to say what it will look like in 2100. Are millions/billions going to be displaced by droughts or lack of food? Canada has a lot of space, and relatively few people. It might remain appealing in comparison to other countries, even if their standard of living rises from what it is now.
I'm guessing to turn public opinion.
Sources?
Hitler's rise to power started before any notion of concentration camps. He was jailed for political violence. He and his goons shut down opposition speeches through violence. That's what fascism is. People seem to forget that. The current administration is democratically elected, and they didn't turn violent. You want a group that reflects Hitler's rise to power? Look to Antifa.
No, Antifa *are* the fascists.
If you think calling yourself an anti-fascist makes you an anti-fascist, then I have a bridge to sell you. Did you also know that the North Korea is actually called the *Democratic People's Republic* of Korea? Antifa routinely shuts down dialogue, gets free speech events cancelled, and engages in violent riots for political gain.
I think people overestimate how much a single, relatively small event can affect your credit score. If she hasn't paid it yet, she should tell them to pound sand. If she has, there's no way she is getting it back.
&gt; he people/president telling us to stand for the national anthem Toothless and unpatriotic. &gt; calling the press an enemy Very concerning, yet no action has been taken to silence the press, so I wouldn't go so far as to call it fascism. &gt; putting children in cages Cruel, but not at all related to fascism.
Yes exactly. What part of this child separation issue has anything to do with fascism? Make no mistake, it is a horrible thing going on, but it is not fascism and to say it is just cheapens the word and reinforces to Trump supporters the idea that the liberal media is exaggerating next time he does something that might actually be fascist. **Edit**: Take [this headline](http://thehill.com/homenews/media/393618-msnbcs-deutsch-equates-trump-voters-to-nazi-guards-if-you-vote-for-trump-youre) for example. Absolutely ridiculous.
Well, could be people move for water reasons (see Cape Town today), or because increasingly violent natural disasters make areas a terrible place to live long-term (I suspect we're already seeing the start of that around the hurricane-prone part of North and Central America).
Ditch any "actively-managed" funds. Just buy an index fund that matches the market. Far less fees eating away at your returns.
There is a sweet middle ground here...
What if they're only used in higher income areas?
What's "the sunshine list"?
What people are miss when they suggest that: it's a race to the bottom. If you have massive taxes for the top, the top will move elsewhere. Businesses, doctors, investment, etc will all leave and then the region will have no wealth to share.
Any basic economics textbook will support this claim.
Especially with Trump's trade war fucking over so many people in the border states that voted for him.
Well, of course it really depends how much higher you tax somebody, where they currently are, and what are options are available to them. Millionaires aren't going to leave the US because of tax increases... it's already a capitalist paradise next to Canada / EU. The same cannot be said for Canada (next to the US). Also I'm not talking about a small increase, like in the article you linked. I'm talking about the kind of increase that the guy I was replying to wants: &gt; taxes on our highest income earners should be **much** higher I don't know how much "much higher" is, but if I was a Canadian millionaire, and I heard that the plan was to make taxes "much higher" in order to fund a huge increase in refugees, I would just move to the US.
Thought you meant the beard at first. I laughed.
Spoken like someone who has no idea what they're talking about.
&gt;The West Coast will leave immediately, with cause. Good luck y'all. Good luck with that.
What is "corrupt" here? They provide a service to the users for free. Use it if you want. The advertisers are their customers. The users aren't. This isn't corruption, or conspiracy.
Well, they always have the option to stop paying if they're unsatisfied. Beauty of the market. They even still have the free service as an option if they so choose.
For a product like tables, the wood is the source of the value, and value converts to money. Technically, the wood is the customer. For a product like a concert, the seats are the source of the value, and value converts to money. Technically, the seats are the customers.
That's not corruption. Learntl the definition.
I mean, it's a balance between pleasng users and customers because if you're missing either one, you have nothing. It just favours the customers in this case, because they can take their ads anywhere, but the users don't have as strong of an alternative.
I assume he's laughing because all land is stolen... you just need to go back far enough.
&gt; The conservatives could’ve picked a stomachable moderate but that would be a turn for the better so of course they leaned away from it. To be fair, us conservatives [voted for Christine Elliot a fair bit more than for Ford](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_Conservative_Party_of_Ontario_leadership_election,_2018#Results) (51.7% - 48.3%), but still got fuck because of a dumb system.
Counting books is kind of irrelevant, as we have the internet now. Welcome to the 21st century, by the way!
Right? Other shining top answers include: * Get a new boss * Get a new boss (x2) * Do it and don't tell him I wonder where this stereotype of the socially clueless and arrogant programmer comes from?
&gt;Plenty of moderate, mainstream Christian churches have requirements around modesty for women, like no exposed shoulders, skirts below the knee, etc. Plenty of *hardcore* Christian groups police women's clothing. In fact, some Christians still follow the Biblical teaching that women should cover their hair to protect their virtue or whatever 🤔 Source? I've attended church growing up and never saw such a thing. If it does indeed exist, it should be stamped out too. Not to mention that the niqab is a whole other level of dehumanization. It's disgusting.
&gt;Dictating what ~~women~~ **people** are allowed to wear ~~does not fight oppression~~ **can be a good tool for fighting oppressive religions.**
&gt;What do they think will happen if they force Muslim women to do that? They will stop using public transport and stay at home... I see this argument all the time and it's absolute nonsense. Do you actually believe that, or are you just lying to yourself?
I'm not even talking about e-books. You can learn about anything on the web, short of highly technical or groundbreaking stuff. Reading books for recreation is no longer the only valid way to stay educated.
That's a school's dress code. It's ridiculous, but both religious and secular schools have dress codes sometimes.
Why not? Though forcing someone to wear a crucifix doesn't hold a candle to forcing someone to cover their hair/face. They're in different leagues.
&gt;You assume that all who wear a head covering are forced, this is not the case. You assume that I assume that all are forced. I didn't say that. I believe *some* are forced, and the majority do it by 'choice' (though *some* of those who 'choose' no doubt do it for fear of family/community backlash). I'm glad we're at least on the same page here. I guess the place where we diverge is what we value more: the religious rights of the many, or the women's human rights of the few.
Right? And here is this comment on /r/bestof saying "do a long, hard year of very expensive schooling so that the chef will respect you". What? All that time and money for the fucking chef's respect??
Which is more oppressive: You *must*. You *must not*.
As another Canadian, it sure seems like it is. I like it there... for the most part.
Yep, got downvoted hard in there for saying that cops in general are a force for good (while replying to a comment saying "Fuck the police") which, naturally, was upvoted. Tells you all you need to know about that place. Luckily despite their opinions about the police, the police are still OnGuardForThem.
/r/CanadaPolitics is definitely the best of the 3.
Forgot the /s? Trudeau cheated all Canadians. He was never going to reform. He just said he would for the votes.
So given your argument, and your position of non-separation... are you also against separation in other criminal cases too then?
So should the children be locked up with their parents? Should children be locked up with their parents in other criminal cases in the country too?
So what should be done instead?
Not at all...
While hackerrank is fun, and will help teach you problem solving skills, I don’t think it will give an accurate idea of what most programming jobs are like. It teaches algorithms and creative problem solving while most real life scenarios are either: * Here is a bug. Find and fix the issue in our existing huge codebase (debugging, reading and understanding existing code) * We need new feature/module X that will do X,Y,Z (taking a big problem, reading documentation, breaking it into smaller pieces, and making something *clean and understandable* from scratch) Again, excellent and fun learning tool, but don’t expect it to be an accurate depiction of day-to-day programming. Source: Did Computer Programmer, did Hackerrank, graduated, got typical job + know others with typical jobs.
What do you mean?
Oh, you’re right. I didn’t notice two mischief categories.
&gt; I think him and his whole family are corrupt and have done irreparable damage to the fabric of our society. But you *don’t* think he was a villain?
Can we get a list of the bad things?
Trump won’t make it to 2020.
I guess I just don’t see the harm in ‘speaking ill of the dead’. Fuck the guy when he was alive and fuck him now.
&gt; Something very rare in today's politics, increasingly so in the west. I'd hardly say that's true, though despite not liking his politics, I agree about Trudeau... I think his heart is in the right place.
I seem to remember that it wasn't an official government account.
So more like 20% (by your own source's numbers), not the 2-4% you stated.
Just a rope works too, unless you're hunting moose or something... then I'm not sure a wheelbarrow would cut it either.
It would be 26 / 126, which is 20%.
Statistically, yes.
It's not even clear what the official poverty line is, after a quick search.
Let's please let go, Canada.
You really think if Canada hadn't put public money towards space in the past that we wouldn't still have these technologies? Other countries (like the superpower next door) will discover them, and we inevitably get them as well (barring exclusive military technology).
Exactly. I don't see how spending this public money on space will help the common person more than spending it on social services / public debt / tax cuts would.
What is this in reference to?
&gt; And saying "oh, someone else will discover it" is a pretty flimsy excuse, and not really true. How so?
&gt; The attitude Canada should just not do anything great or new or cutting edge and rely on other nations to invent things is literally one of the saddest statements about Canada I have ever heard. You're building a strawman... nobody is saying Canada shouldn't do anything great or new or cutting edge. I said we would still have these technologies if Canadian public money wasn't invested in them. And it's true. Public money should be spent on things that concretely benefit everyday Canadians.
Largely, women aren't going to come out and speak up about something, risking work relationships / position, unless it is important to her. Does it happen? Of course... there are 7 billion people in the world. Does it happen often enough to worry about? No. The fear is overblown. Just don't be shitty and you'll be fine. **Edit**: These downvotes are just cementing the idea that this sub is borderline retarded.
How do they come to the conclusion that they flipped 22 risings? That is not elaborated in the article.
We’re much closer to social democracy than to unfettered capitalism, which is still better ham communism.
God forbid we pay our vets, or help our homeless, or pay down some debt before we give huge sums (we have on credit) to other countries.
Insurance companies collect cheques over the years, disaster strikes, they declare bankruptcy? Maybe some mid-level manager sees a bit of prison... maybe.
So be it. If a business can’t afford to pay enough to attract workers, let it die.
&gt; Much better to just toss the capitalists and let us workers handle everything - which we already do, in fact. Your vision wouldn’t go as smoothly as you’re imagining. Pick one: * Democratic capitalism * Communism (dictatorship) * Anarchy &gt; Most people are affected rarely and little by the government ??? What country do you live in?
&gt; Bellegarde said First Nations voters were responsible for flipping 22 ridings in the 2015 federal election. It’s straight from the chief.
Sure. I’d still like to know how he came to that conclusion.
I read the whole article and I'm still not sure what the problem is. Why make this commitment? What is wrong with disagreeing with this commitment? Does agreeing with something the Rebel says automatically make it wrong?
If you attribute the idea to the rebel whenever anyone says it, then of course ‘nobody else is using it’ (in your head, at least).
Gotta love how he named himself “No fat chix”. That’s going to keep *every* woman away, buddy... never mind everything else.
They still need a reason to pull you over in he first place. I really don’t see any harm in this. It takes 2 secs, isn’t distressing, and you’re on your way (assuming you aren’t driving drunk). Hell, take it a step further and make breathalyzers mandatory anytime anyone is pulled over (assuming it isn’t expensive).
Fuck that. We can’t even find the money to properly care for our vets, we still have homeless issues, we are racking up deficits in the tens of billions each year during a booming economy, climate change is closing in... We have tons of better ways to spend the money to benefit everyday Canadians than on some fucking space adventure.
Fuck off, your ‘noble cause’ is private profits with public funding.
Yeah, no. Nobody is going through your private details. It is literally just checking that you’re not being a danger to yourself and others in a very un-intrusive way. Whenever you’re pulled over now, they already ask for “license and registration” to make sure you’re legally allowed to drive, and that the car isn’t stolen, respectively. It would be nothing to change that to “license and registration and blow here” to make sure you’re not intoxicated.
Those are far more intrusive than a quick strong blow.
Even if (or especially if) you really hate him, him being assassinated would make an enormous martyr out of him, to his base. That would be very bad for the country. He should go through due process, and die quietly in a prison cell.
That's a delusional statement if I've ever heard one.
Maybe with an actual child audience?
There are more than 16 million Japanese minors.
I mean, domestic Muslims have committed terror attacks both here, and in the US. In disproportionate numbers.
&gt; The reason these new rules are being pursued is because the number of domestically acquired guns being used in illegal crime has been growing for a few years. Source?
And convenient water supply wherever!
If you count by mass-killings the statement is still true, no matter how you want to labe the killer.
That's mass shootings, not mass killings. And obviously in absolute numbers white is the highest... that's why I said '*In disproportionate numbers*'... because I am going per-capita, like any sensible person. And anyway, before now, I never made any statements about white people mass-killing rates. I said that Muslims commit mass-killings at disproportionate levels [compared to the general population].
Where is the racism, in this case?
Because it is all true. They just attack the poster’s character, rather than the ideas.
That’s on them. They have measures they could have used on the municipal/provincial level... QC had no choice in regards to their problem.
Quebec received ~~50%~~ **95%** of all illegal border crossers [2018](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/refugees/asylum-claims.html). And **91%** in [2017](https://www.canada.ca/en/immigration-refugees-citizenship/services/refugees/asylum-claims-2017.html).
Thank you.
What does that have to do with illegal border crossers?
Throw it out. You don’t want that low-quality dust. /s
&gt; These two are a complete mismatch. She's ~~throwing stuff at~~ **physically abusing** him and he's physically abusing her. A complete toxic atmosphere for kids.
Yeah it's interesting how fast people are to condemn this guy, trivialize what she was doing, and make assumptions. What we *saw*: * She threw a big piece of cardboard at his head * He threw it back What it *seems like* we witnessed: * She was relentlessly throwing stuff at him (maybe hitting him near the beginning?) * He slapped her at least once near the beginning (where, we didn't see) **Edit**: The police should investigate. No reddit witchhunts needed.
Well, the only thing **we (online) saw** (edit: [in the full clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yHy0gcZ11Y)) was that she threw a piece of cardboard at him, and he threw it back. That's it. Everything else is educated speculation. The police should investigate, but the video alone is far from an open-and-shut case.
Oops, yeah, I was talking about the full clip someone else here posted: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yHy0gcZ11Y
Definition depends on where you live. That's where we're getting confused.
Then get a taxi... you might remember them from before Uber... a long, long 5 years ago.
*Literally*... /s? How did you come to the 90% number?
&gt; Putting aside 100k a year for even lets say 10 years (ages 30 to 40 when you are more likely to be high-paid employee), with lets say 5% return a year on average (considering the current economic situation), you won't really have THAT much money. It gets you couple of extra years on top of what you set aside, and thats assuming you keep living relatively frugally. That's $1.25M. You could reasonably expect that money to last you forever if you can live on $50,000 / year (easily do-able in the right parts of the country).
What does TC stand for?
Oddly, the same thing happened to me... in *this* thread. [Comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/onguardforthee/comments/a4nzxg/thread_on_rcanada_is_literally_90_metacanada_users/ebgr4r2/) in question. **Edit:** If this isn’t irony, I don’t know what is.
In other news, various costs of things are different in different parts of the world.
Sounds like you have a non-typical experience.
Sure, I appreciate that that word gets used that way... but when you match it up with a specific number/percentage, it sounds like you’re using it in the proper sense, and claiming that number as fact.
Or they can just sit on their hands in the Senate.
What comment are you referring to?
Oddly, the same thing happened to me... in *this* thread. [Comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/onguardforthee/comments/a4nzxg/thread_on_rcanada_is_literally_90_metacanada_users/ebgr4r2/) in question.
It's like 99% non-weeb English...
This indicates that there is a racial problem at play: &gt; In police shootings, 20 per cent of white people were carrying a gun versus 11.1 per cent of black civilians. Though the article doesn't make clear if black people are over-represented in these incidents to begin with... is the reality '*Black person in Toronto 20 times more likely than white person to be ~~fatally shot by police~~* **in police incident**'? That certainly wouldn't be as much of an attention-grabbing key takeaway from the report though...
That sounds worse to me.
But the small businesses don’t. I wonder what it would cost for the government to subsidize the wages of the first X employees of small businesses with revenues Y or less.
Yeah honestly at a 50/50 vote split, that *could* have been the result of GOP barely winning the majority of the districts and barely losing the rest. Getting 46% of the vote against 54% and still winning a majority is clearly something sinister at work.
No? Where did you get that idea?
The problem isn’t so much that public defenders are bad at their job as it is that they are only paid for X hours of work per case (a pitiful amount) and anything they end up doing beyond that, they must do for free... so they end up looking for plea deals, etc.
Option #2!
&gt; A former Canadian diplomat has been detained in China, two sources said on Tuesday, and his current employer, the International Crisis Group He was there working for a non-profit that, according to their website: &gt; *... is an independent organisation working to prevent wars and shape policies that will build a more peaceful world.* Noble, ironic, and sad all at the same time. Good civilians getting caught up in international conflicts.
What the heck are you even implying will happen? That China will flex their military along the BC coast to get her back?
Even if China wanted to escalate to that ridiculous level, and even if it had the power projection you’re suggesting it does (it doesn’t), America would have something to say about them bring ships anywhere close to its borders (to strong arm Canada into giving back this person that the US wants, no less).
So why would Canada cower from such a minimal threat?
It's a crock of shit. Even the wikipedia page he links to in a later comment makes no mention of it.
No, I'm pretty sure it's a grand American Nazi conspiracy. There's no evidence, but why should that matter? /s
&gt; with the connections he made in the last few years You really think any of his connections (that aren’t themselves going to prison) are going to want to have anything to do with him?
How so?
You called them ‘**traitors**’, which suggests a conspiracy and action more than a passive hope. You said ‘...hoping to **delay** Roosevelt...’ which again suggests action. I didn’t build any straw man. You just made up a conspiracy on the spot and got called out for it.
I mean, yeah, if you’re in consulting that’s different, but most programmers aren’t in consulting.
Barrhaven got zero representation... and their busses are the most packed.
These calls for separation are a fucking joke, whether it’s Alberta, or Quebec, or California, or Texas, or Catalonia. It’s not happening, so you may as well spend your energy protesting for a more feasible solution to your issues.
And Chiarelli.
Next step for him is to use a gun or vehicle to kill indiscriminately. This guy should get mandatory counselling.
I hope that life in prison includes keeping them separate from others so they don’t spread their ideology like a cancer.
That’s such a bullshit, pessimistic statement. Any evidence at all of Ottawa politicians ‘pocketing’ taxpayer money?
Good riddance!
So no, no evidence.
Victim mentality when things don’t go well, arrogant mentality when things do.
RemindMe! 1 day
Any licenses given to those remotely connected to PC leadership should result in criminal investigations.
They’re green with envy: *They hate us for our freedom!*
&gt; Immigration does not lower wages. Economists are almost universally in favour of more immigration precisely because of its benefits. The benefit of a higher GDP, obviously. That doesn’t mean immigration raises wages, or that it is good for the common person.
About 40% of them so far are found to be bogus, and have had their claims rejected. There are plenty of illegals in the at crowd.
So the guy partners with the North Korea elite to offer NK tours for profit / to normalize NK... let China keep him.
Take the 'proof' number and divide by 2 for the alcohol percentage.
&gt; An option that 48% of the ~~U.K.~~ **referendum voters** voted for. Of those who cared enough to vote, they were in the minority.
&gt; On the other hand, it is a perfect exercise of direct democracy. Exactly, and the people have already decided in the first one.
Here in Canada we just let the employers import cheap temporary foreign workers willy-nilly instead.
Yeah, that analogy doesn’t really translate. It would be more like: *Okay, this next election is for president for life.* *Obama wins* *(Didn’t expect or want a black man as president) Hold up now, I don’t think people understood the consequences. Let’s have another vote.* But as it is, elections are held every 4 years, no exceptions.
It was made clear that the results would be respected. Whether or not it is ‘proven’ to be successful is completely subjective.
The Game doesn’t stop, does it? They must keep pushing through.
&gt; I don't care if this woman traded with Iran. In fact she should be lauded for it. Praise for trading with an oppressive religious tyranny? But why?
Or because he’s concerned about the reputation of NASA, given that this person claiming to have got a job there is being publicly shitty.
Nice slippery slope. This is less invasive than demanding license and registration. Really, it should be standard protocol with every stop.
By that logic, neither does asking for license or registration. Why shouldn’t they just trust you when you say you’re allowed to drive and you own the vehicle?
Now you’re moving the goalposts. Nobody is talking about collecting DNA or fingerprints except you. They literally need one breath from you, to determine if you’re safe to drive. One breath. No DNA. Your info is not being stored anywhere. They also ask for license and registration even if a traffic violation didn’t occur. And they don’t need the registration to write you a ticket, so why should they need it?
I am not concerned with this particular law. It is quick, unintrusive, and cheap. They should do it with every stop. The payoff is lives saved.
Literally a breath.
Care to elaborate? You don’t seem to understand those sections.
That’s an interesting interpretation of the situation, to say the least. &gt; Section 8 deals with unreasonable search, such as pulling someone over without cause and demanding they provide a breath sample. Nobody is being pulled over without cause. &gt; Section 9 deals with arbitrary detainment or imprisonment, such as pulling someone over without cause and demanding they provide a breath sample. Nobody is being pulled over without cause (not arbitrary), and courts have already ruled that traffic stops don’t qualify as unjust detention (see R. v. Wilson and R. v. Ladouceur).
&gt; This is part of the concern. You can be pulled over to have you license, registration, or insurance checked No you can’t.
Excellent they would have to uproot their life and live in a different country...
I see name tags on the two in the front and the woman in the back. The black man, surrounded by them, also heavy-set, and also sloppily dressed... I suspect he is one of them.
Not CS students. They can work in any city large enough. Sure, they could make more in the US, but that's not the point of the post: "What should be my pay expectations as a new CS grad **in Canada?**"
OP is asking "What should be my pay expectations as a new CS grad **in Canada?**". Presumably, they don't care to move to another country on the unsolicited advice from a stranger online. They probably aren't looking to: * leave everyone they know behind, to live 5 hrs away, in a different country * go through the immigration process * learn the differences in law, taxes, etc. * change institutions for everything (phone / internet / insurance / banks) * get a US driver's license * find a new place * etc.
Wow, it's almost as if those who want a 2nd referendum are opposed to the results of the first, and vice-versa.
Wait MLP makes you a neckbeard?
He was so self-aware.
In 2017 FB made ~$17B USD in profit, so a *single country* taking ~€500M in new taxes isn’t exactly something to scoff at.
Are you using quotes because someone actually said that? Or are you making shit up, because that’s a popular thing to do in this thread?
Oh, so not someone on /r/Canada. In the context of the thread, your quote is pretty deceiving.
So why did you randomly quote someone you know IRL as if it came from /r/Canada?
So you straight up lie because you just *know* in your heart that the typical person on that sub is a Nazi, right? Of the 439,000 people subbed there...
I mean, the % that got out to vote is irrelevant when determining the winner.
Everybody hurts from sanctions... it is just less noticeable for the rich. Also if the common people hurt enough, they protest/revolt for change. There's a reason sanctions work (when not undermined).
You could buy several houses each year without touching the principal.
You could withdraw a hugely conservative 1% per year for $600,000 per year, which was 8.5 times the median Canadian household income in 2015.
&gt; China have more than triple the people and fewer prisoners This is not true at all, unless you don’t count the millions in their concentration camps.
Yep. Having marijuana be illegal is the silly part of this... not the part where they are enforcing their own laws.
It would depend on whether or not medical marijuana is legal on the *federal* level in the US... I don’t know if it is or not though.
I meant the fact that it’s illegal is silly.
I’m saying it makes sense to enforce your laws, including what happened on other countries, if those who did something want to enter your country.
Drinking is legal in both countries, just a different legal age. Driving is legal in both countries, just a different legal speed limit. MJ is not legal in the US. You will have issues. Prostitution is not legal in the US. Why don’t you go tell a border guard you’ve hired a prostitute before, and see what happens.
Wow. Anyone know if that picture is distorted at all?
Wow, no kidding.
They promised some things and delivered some things but they were **crystal clear** that 2015 would be the last election under FPTP: [Justin Trudeau saying it](https://youtu.be/bMkwYAI6KhQ?t=25). [Minister of Democratic Institutions, Maryam Monsef saying it](https://globalnews.ca/video/rd/683611203542/?jwsource=cl). [Justin Trudeau tweeting it](https://twitter.com/justintrudeau/status/646114034463338497?lang=en). [The Liberal Party of Canada website still says it too](https://www.liberal.ca/realchange/electoral-reform/).
If it is legal in one country and someone is doing it there, that’s no indication that they would necessarily respect the law if they went somewhere where it was illegal... but it is an indication that they want to do it *at least* (but not necessarily at most) if it is legal.
&gt; To be fair, the SA issue was a tweet that nobody thought through. It wasn't intentional, just a fuck up. That makes it worse. That isn’t even the first tweet of this government’s that has caused issues for Canada.
All of the examples are related to international politics, and the other person is talking about the government’s solutions to those issues, not the issues themselves (which of course aren’t the PMs fault).
They should have posted surpluses while the economy is doing well.
Can you elaborate?
Yeah, I scrolled through top comments, all disapproving, until I got to the 7th top comment down, and that one got a lot of pushback. There are some trolls there, but some in this sub love to pretend the whole sub is filled with the worst people.
Hey now, their crime isn’t being Christian... that would be *ridiculous*. Their *heinous* crime is insulting an ancient, bloodthirsty child-molester (who happens to somehow have billions of followers).
Tough luck. People will be able to buy a house again.
It seemed like Tillerson and Kelly both had backbones, and pushed back against Trump fucking up the interests of the US.
&gt; In the end, 42.6 per cent of eligible voters returned their ballots in time to be counted Fuck you, BC. What the fuck.
I mean, they *guessed* that he would be *fired* (not resign) within the next half year, as opposed to a more narrow timeline... That's a weak bestof.
