&gt; This doesn't look like it has neither. So it has both ?
Backed up on the new Google Photos unlimited service.
There's a shortage of women in China due to the old one-child per couple policy.
Avidemux for free and basic, I use Vegas for anything more complicated but it's expensive.
Aye, it's got to start somewhere and the first smartphones were pretty terrible, it took Android a long time (KitKat) before it was as great an experience as iOS and has leapfrogged it in terms of reliability in Lolipop and probably Macaroni too...**IMO**
Definately function over form. Not my idea of gore either just very basic and practical..at least until it gets knocked over and its guts start pouring out.
Cheap to replace the battery and then you have a whole new lease of life. http://youtu.be/FnlgaPstA8o
..if he writes a book or releases a DVD.
Nope to two and three, sport is about the people not the politicians, it's one of the few ways we get to sidestep away from political (and religious) differences and just enjoy something competitively together. Politicians and heads of state should be banned from attending major sporting events in an official capacity imo.
itsaride: England is due it before Germany gets it again.
No, conventional warfare.
Crimea was annexed for economic (logistical) and military reasons.
Or put it another way, stare at the top UFO for ten seconds then the bottom UFO can tell if you're looking at it or not and changes the background accordingly.
Not sure I'd class cosplay as real life.
Can't believe I outlived Dracula.
perfect
They forgot to let the supporters in.
Seaworld Parks, with the world dropped to avoid being sued no doubt.
Well it was the Baltic!
England win 10-9 here we come!
What I've never understood about diacetyl is that it's present in high amounts in cigarettes and therefore cigarette smokers should have been developing 'popcorn lung' all along, but they haven't ..the only reason I can think of explaining this is that smoking tobacco protects the user in some way.
I have terrible uncorrected vision like an object a foot from my face is still blurry, also use varifocals..with those everything is perfectly in focus and I can't imagine anything being better than that.
It's the ejaculation part that matters.
Well I wrongly assumed they'd have the same prices everywhere, thought you might have misread, no need for proof as far as I'm concerned, might be worth checking the longer length packages if you're going to be in there for more than a day though. Get well soon!
The link goes directly to the Wordpress article for me.
The photo of Syd, fat with no hair and eyebrows gets me everytime.
Put /u/the_ultravixens on the list.
You'll be fine, you have almost the same karma as me ;). Godspeed on your recovery though!
You wouldn't vape a breast.
Chris Morris would be proud of that headline.
Looks like we found him!
You can't. They're no longer available publicly after 24 hours.
Probably why you're better off doing it...man things you know ;).
Ask mom.
Can't stop something happening, make it legal!
http://i.imgur.com/HcUguVH.jpg The good news is it looks like murders generally have dropped significantly looking at that.
Yeah, don't count the non-dying people.
I often wonder if cats would prefer bare wood to carpet, the cats round here seem to spend a lot of their time outside perched on wooden fences and seem to like it.
If he has cancer then their work is done.
All of them.
Well not *all* his...but reverse engineering is what hackers do, without that you'd have no jailbreak at all.
It's amazing how much you can get into a basket when you want to use the self-service checkouts. I have been known to carry six pints of milk in my other hand.
Yup, it's not obvious but longer taps = higher jumps, just barely tap the screen for smaller jumps.
Let's all rewrite history!
Since nobody has replied I'll guess at blood poisoning since skin is porous . That's not to say more gang members shouldn't try this though.
Hopefully investigators are busy mashing potatoes.
Could be searching for insurance...
Should have called it the hyperbole...Faaaaasstech!
it lives !
There's two poops on the pitch, they think it's all over...well it is now.
Apple.com
Fuck the IOC, time for another investigation.
Yeah I prefer the cold too, I'm pretty much kitted out for cold or wet weather...I have no idea what to wear when it gets this hot (currently 30c which is the hottest it's been here in Redcar in years).
Genetic mutation that causes bow legs.
https://twitter.com/cammywrites/status/615925340347756544
Good work.
ironic huh.
I'm in the UK, a screen would only be useful a few days a year.
Cue new reality TV show idea.
The name has me scratching my head till I noticed they all had the same subject.
He's laughing at the design of the doors on the tuner section that can never close.
Its Stavros init.
or maybe a real button for the 63c
You'd be wasting much more by not having it at all.
I do sub to /r/europe but until now it wasn't on my frontpage, hence why I saw it on /r/undelete first. I also make a point of vistiting worldnews and a couple of other subs first because I expect most major international stories to be covered on worldnews.
Oh jesus. Well, it is for the yoof I guess.
minimalist would be three black dots on a white background
Three Pints! *was the only thing I ever really watched on Three, Family Guy also if I didn't have every episode on my hard drive. I can see why others would like it though.
Isn't this local DPRK news?
Just did a huge wheeze laugh.
But that blood flow can be cut off much easier than internal bleeding.
Utensional.
Nobody else I sub to does anything like them (Don't stop Ashens!).
Watching....nope.
"wtf is this shit!?" oooh magical.
TL;DR Ecigs are not really a tobacco product and most of the legislation doesn't apply (except warning labels). Also yay &gt; 3.12.11 E-cigarettes are not risk free, but the latest evidence suggests these products are safer than smoking. The Government believes that it would be disproportionate to prohibit cross-border distance sales of e-cigarettes, which have the potential to help smokers quit. Information from the consultation and other intelligence sources indicate that many businesses in this sector trade solely on-line. The Government will, therefore, maintain the proposals included in the draft regulations at consultation and setup and maintain a register of all businesses engaged in cross- border distances sales. Domestic distance sales (UK retailers to UK consumers) are not affected
Playing Where's Gabe on that one. edit: found him!
It's his flair.
Given the right sensors (penetrating radar/ir) computers do a much better job monitoring traction and stability than any human driver. They can't be distracted, become impatient, take risks or panic.
Poker players do it all the time.
Damnit Marie!
Not to mention a hot neck.
apparenly they're made of razors to keep the image sharp.
[This population density heatmap] (http://imgur.com/UzeU3tR) should help explain it, it overlays nicely with the football teams map.
Probably the first music star who I really "loved" and influenced a big proportion of the choice of music I listened to. Irreplaceable.
&gt; keep racists and prejudice to a minimum. Really?
A video is worth a thousand imgurs : http://youtu.be/3bIXUBXj070
State Department Twitter confirmed hacked.
A Brazillion years old.
I have a really bad feeling about this, be careful out there.
Apparently there are only thirty children there, hopefully French social services will step in there.
How did he react to the tea? That could give you a clue. Also, you haven't lived till you get called me dear (as a man) by a burley Lancashire trucker. I think it was me dear or darling, something of that ilk.
This is ok here but /r/askuk is probably a better place for these questions.
Depends on branding. I personally don't mind drinking tap water. It tastes fine to me.
No, not really, there's no motivation great enough for the US and Russia to sling nukes at each other and commit suicide.
The Heat Is On is blocked here in the UK but the soundtrack version is fine : http://youtu.be/9JHhhg9cUjA
You missed 'maybe' off the title. They only state that they're testing for compatibility, it might not pass and if it does that's just the first hurdle.
https://nj.proxfree.com/permalink.php?url=s54aaHA%2FaGsaD5vHs0QZLcUclS%2FcUxrnNZwEMCiA0I%2BIL8YiSBFibBbtUWF2pl%2Fb698rt5xo3OPWBuf3lp4BFQ%3D%3D&amp;bit=1
Obama on Cameron: "what a lightweight!".
Sorry, that probably came across as rude. I just love Snapper so much. For those with an iPad and Snapper 1 it's only when you take snaps in landscape that they are saved in portrait and can be rotated back in the photos app. Easy fix, just a bit of a pain.
&gt;Besides there's still the pesky question of labor and environment laws when manufacturing in the US of A Yeah, it's ironic that an all-controlling Communist state is less controlling in many important respects than many Western countries. I'm not saying it's a good thing, just ironic.
Just need to wait for 9.3 to be released now. It's coming!
I don't sub here, I came via mistyfront but there's something uncanny about that photo. She doesn't look "real" to me. http://i.imgur.com/oDBby4J.jpg
Drugs maybe?
There's a distinct lack of blood, was he already pierced?
You heard wrong, usually the same day with one morning a week set aside for walk-ins. My practice doesn't even allow appointments more than a week in advance.
They need lightening with lightning.
Moss.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.../s
&gt; Finland is not planning to scrap its existing benefit system and give everyone an unconditional grant of €800 a month – contrary to what some recent headlines may have told you. http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/dec/10/finland-universal-basic-income-ubi-social-security
I know this might sound like a stupid question but what is it?
Can't really tell without banana.
I'm going to guess it's down to the cost of getting a perfectly thin layer of compound on the chip rather than the cost of the compound itself. Most complaints you hear are down to the sheer amount that is applied since the quality of the compound is hard to assess.
With what motivation, to keep the hospitals full ? It's not like they make a profit on people being sick...
Yeah, it's usually applied to food if that wasn't explained. Anything coated in MSG is moreish to me...and Twiglets.
No, it's clean and uncluttered, a bit like linux without the continual googling to fix problems.
Thanks!
https://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=nl&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3A//www.onemorething.nl/community/topic/dan-maar-zo-foto-iphone-6c/
It's obviously moveable when not in skin contact, it seems to be more concentrated at the edges of objects.
I do wonder if prebuilt boxes could be targetted using the DMCA section on facilitating piracy, the same reason Amazon gave for booting Kodi off their app store.
You mean the people on peoples friends list of over 500 are mostly fakes? That makes me feel better about the 30 people I have on my list who are actually friends and relatives who I see somewhat regularly, even if its often at funerals these days.
non-lovely ladies.
Yup.
Does your colon now feel magical?
or qb
icky but for when it's removed : https://archive.is/EFw3G
Vimeo + Patreon?
Simple, safe and cheap + Google.
[--~~P~~Rick](http://youtu.be/z3HvchF49AM)
It can but you'd need to use a display port to hdmi 2.0 adapter (£10 off Amazon if descriptions are accurate).
...and how would you handle brigade voting?
-e
"Could not read the barcode on READERS WIVES!!" (no idea if they still do porn).
Cut the handles, if they go into landfill wildlife can get caught in them and throttled.
JFC.
Ugh, look at it...all spread out with its guts on the table. NSFL.
Is this a new "challenge" ?
RIP : http://youtu.be/T3Y4HufJ1oE
Don't have time at the moment to search but look up GDI/GDI++
It's almost predictable how often these things happen. America really needs to do something but I'm right out of suggestions /s
Shares in cancer drug suppliers collapse.
Rocket League has taught me not to trust anyone to take the initiative.
&gt; to "settle her heart attack bill" Was the bill the result of treating the heart attack or the cause of it?
Well that's a given.
14 and up should be able to vote in referendums with such long term and far reaching implications such as this.
But they can drink and drive under certain circumstances and it's a really shite parallel to making a decision that definitely will affect their future, drinking and driving can wait, voting isn't something they have that luxury with.
This is not a form factor suitable for overclocking.
Indonesian shoppers are very tall.
I used to be a YT fan, especially Yorkshire Gold but the flavour went downhill imo. PG Tips is and has always been, consistently good.
Couldn't livestreaming be used to achieve this in some fashion using a virtual webcam with the video you're uploading as the source and overlaying the video ID at some point?
That poor girl must have been mortified. It's easy to see how that could have happened and even easier using today's tech.
It's like a back to front Floyd song with the music deep in the background.
Your daily wage is equivalent to some people's monthly wage. Count yourself lucky you were born or moved to a country where you earn that.
At worst under Windows.Old/users/accountname
The only time you'll be thanked for a left hook. I bet there's cases where the punchee tried to litigate though.
There is no way in hell those things are going to be referred to as 'glowing swords'.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geolocation It doesn't pinpoint but it stops people from other countries or other states as long as your ISP is also registered with your information.
By the same artist - Jesus On Steroids : http://tinyimg.io/i/vxPhpF4.jpeg
Do the bookies have betting on who goes first, Murdoch or Berlisconi?
If we could make a pump that could be powered by the sinoatrial node or pacemaker we'd be sorted, no more immune/rejection responses and mass producable. In the short term, let's hope for one of those battery miracles to appear out of the vapour.
Well fire the cop first and put him in prison and then move onto the others.
It's not really $1k, it needs a custom install per car type which would likely cost more than the box itself if my experience of garages is an accurate gauge.
Welp, there's the subs' icon.
It (the SE) actually looks more like titanium, which is quite classy. Am looking at mine now without the case on so I'd never really noticed.
That's not the point of this, the point is that if you're suspected of a crime they can seize your electronics if they can prove you use a VPN/TOR.
I guess the Euros will be the number one target.
I found it hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel and didn't think anything could change things, I'd had those thoughts for most of my adult life and it was inconceivable to me that anything would make those thoughts go away, therapy, medication...anything. I was shocked when I realised one day I hadn't considered my own mortality in months.
Make sure he knows that having a panic attack doesn't change the way you see or feel about him and he's no less a man than a man having a bad back or headache. It's just a symptom of a chemical imbalance and not an indicator of masculinity.
You first.
For those who were wondering : https://www.reddit.com/r/Ashens/comments/34vxyu/been_bugging_me_for_a_while_who_is_this_man_and/
Same in the UK, but well done! [Unblocked link](https://co.proxfree.com/permalink.php?url=s54aaHA%2FaGsaD5vHs0QZLcUclS%2FcUxrnNZwEMCiA0I%2F%2B5MRQA9xTMRkL%2FlPqS4vJQL529rOEteKihZkhwOWnnQ%3D%3D&amp;bit=1)
Seriously, he should have talked to other countries in private. They could easily make up the shortfall. The world doesn't need Saudi Arabia getting away with this shit.
I like it too and it must be nice for the players to hear it.
Doobie do doobie do doobie do do do ...do
We still have "Top Gear" - the show was always more about the three hosts, people who work on the new BBC version of the show will get jobs elsewhere in the BBC. The BBC were caught between a rock and a hard place but nobody was trying to show anyone anything.
Totally misread that title as Geri Halliwell. The thumbnail didn't help.
Half way there!
&gt; The message exchange between the woman and De Gea continued, and the goalkeeper expressed his interest in the woma’s services again, asking her if shed’d be interested in meeting five players of Manchester United, including himself. Oh hell.
I'm sure that will be a defence in this...
Is 17 considered a minor in Spain or is she 17 now and was 12 then?
[Unblocked Url](https://uk.proxfree.com/permalink.php?url=s54aaHA%2FaGsaD5vHs0QZLcUclS%2FcUxrnNZwEMCiA0I%2F9Qz%2FPV9tvDpkaqeoxK3ajVkN5CpTK%2B6YhHTAExCQq4Aj5aCCu3nd2oi9Tt3ixEv6wYJZfMzO9SUd9K%2B%2FFh3O6&amp;bit=1)
We even get to stay in Eurovision ;(
Come on you sheepies, do the UK proud!
You waited that long? Well done on the journey btw. I know how you're feeling well.
:(
https://blog.torproject.org/blog/bittorrent-over-tor-isnt-good-idea
Yes, it makes an outright ban difficult but it still stops an average guy with a hot head pulling out a gun and killing someone because he feels like it. It has to be planned in the long term to aquire what would be contraband. The same happens in other countries with gun control, yes, shootings happen but at nowhere near the same rate as in America and if the norm becomes criminals that are unarmed then the police will be less trigger-happy too.
EMGW
Honestly?
He obviously was serious at all not.
Fuck Batman too.
Hey look, the top post is wrong! Keep scrolling down to the Sky News Tweet.
Imagine all the people...
Apple really struggled to get a list of 10 (emojis). A lot of those features are available as apps, many are jailbreak type tweaks and why the hell support for the 4s and iPad3 (I don't own either) were dropped for any of them is beyond me. If any of those features really rely on hardware then they could easily have made an iOS10 lite.
You'd be surprised. &gt; the country will need leadership stability in this time of great change. Also, ever seen a broke bookie? https://m.ladbrokes.com/en-gb/#!event_details?id=220800266
Yes, your bottom sweats like every other human.
War.
Defected.
Jebus.
The stare that breeds fear into all pub furniture.
Most people realise it's just a minority, every country has their fair share of idiots...except for the Middle East which seems to have more than.
Russia hasn't been invaded since World War 2, Russia on the other hand has invaded many many countries since the war.
Well you wouldn't tag if something didn't work, you'd only tag if a tweak or app worked on a specific iOS version. At worst you just wouldn't get your app tagged at all and authors would obviously be free to edit their tags. This is just meant as a guide for when searching for tweak.
It might if his ISP is packet-shaping.
It wasn't, as Savage keeps saying, it came off a Welsh player.
Grrr Sturridge.
Wales are settling for a draw...bloody bus parkers.
America has 10 times the homicide rate related to gun deaths than any other developed country, 20 times the UK. Those suicide rates should also not be discounted, suicide by other methods than a firearm would mean a much higher chance of survival. Whichever way you spin it America is in third world regarding gun deaths.
I actually think the most vitriolic posts are from people who make money off the backs of jailbreaks, it's the only explanation, jailbreaks are nice but not worth the kind of hate that some seem to be able to summon up.
Stadiums arn't the problem, most European countries and American states have pleny of those, it's the infrastructure that supports the spectators and participants that's problematic.
Psyonix is missing a trick here, "get your own fully decked out car model for $50!"
Chiquita says "Bananas with everything!" I used to eat banana fritters when I was a kid, basically deep fried bananas with batter on them.
If he doesn't sue you then he could sue you for slander because he doesn't sue "anyone". On the other hand he could probably sue for the other points except for the last one which is allowed.
For those in the UK wondering, England VS Slovakia is on ITV1 and Russia VS Wales is on ITV4 (Monday, 8pm kickoffs), no idea why ITV got both.
Refurbished, not stolen.
There but for the grace of God go I.
You really need to unplug from the mains for a minute or so to clear out any corrupt data in RAM. If it's not to much trouble to re-enter port forwarding and other settings the I'd clear NVRAM also by doing a reset, there's a button on Superhubs for that purpose.
Read the article. It sounds like an NFC transmitter is handling the lock mechanism which is probably kept behind a desk,
...or emulation.
Sports companies often use big events to launch or showcase new products, maybe that was the case here and as the guy above says, it seems almost beneficial.
This needs addressing at the highest level.
I've found the spy.
Warzone.
1-0 100-0 it makes no difference as long as we win.
Shrek!
Just a matter of time.
Keep us updated.
Hopefully Roy's found a weakness in the Slovak Deathstar.
Achievement unlocked!
Magnetic balls and rugby/american football next.
The police in the US need to be armed because everyone, even senile grannies, are armed.
Great game.
To punch the ref?
Very likely Roy, he's warming up right now.
It's only geographical.
Definitely.
The sidebar over on the right under 'Latest Jailbreaks' will keep you up to date.
I don't think you understand, the 'hackers' renamed existing videos.
Amazon moves everything to China.
I've never had an order from them that took longer than 10 days. YMMV.
and make sweaty bollocks illegal.
Treat people like animals and you get animals, the people there are already sick and disabled and they get treated like that, how do they expect those prisoners to ever reintegrate into society when the system treats them like shit. They'll just end up hating society even more.
Ha, never really thought about that, it's somewhat ironic and I suspect there are some people who would believe it. We need a referendum to change it to a tick.
Scotland will be nearly all remain I suspect.
The whole of the UK looked at their phones.
That site is dying so here's a screenshot : http://tinyimg.io/i/J59s4pz.jpeg
The international finance arse has the shits.
It's almost like the money men's uncertainty causes the uncertainty.
I knew someone would be watching Sky.
Kleenex shares are through the roof.
That gap still hasn't hit a million.
Brexit ate my hamster!
GBP VS Euro will recover due to falling Euro due to the EU having more to lose economically than us, remember we run a deficit with the EU. Free Trade Agreements are likely already drafted.
Yes. This is the Euro VS USD when it became clear Brexit was likely this morning : http://tinyimg.io/i/2gxwhqX.jpeg
Christ, I wouldn't be mod of a news-heavy sub for anything, keep up the good work.
It's relative to the price you pay, if something was a pound last week and is now two pound then the pound is worth half of what it previously was.
http://www.euractiv.com/section/uk-europe/news/cameron-irritates-brussels-by-pushing-eu-china-trade-deal/ I think he did (or at least initiated) a UK-China trade deal when the Chinese president popped over here on his holibobs.
But in the real world?
The illuminati have had a massive bet on whether they can get two blonde males in the next G7 photo.
Yeah, I just default to not editing.
There's a leek in the Welsh defence.
Interesting...
Ivor 'the' Engine?
Incoming Rolando tantrums.
UKNIP.
Yeah, wtf, self-determination is hilarious!
Wildfeeds as source maybe.
So what exactly has she done a "good job" at that pertains to running the whole of the UK?
5% of the UK's population use Reddit, I wouldn't give the opinions you read on here, including mine,too much weight.
Henry cracks me up without saying a word.
Yes, /r/soccer and /r/unitedkingdom being most popular along with the defaults.
All used up.
He's not wrong about confidence in them but it's a shite way to decide a match.
I need to have a world in motion in the vindaloo before I begin coming home to Jerusalem.
Noooooooooooooopl
Never said we'd win scoring 7.
I'd like to see some really good analysis of England now but I guess I'll have to wait for the highlights on the BBC.
Just did it again...creatively fell over the ball.
Vardy is a real English Lion.
Hope the lads behave themselves tonight, can understand their anger but it's not the locals or police's fault.
When your blood boils enough you forget about consequences.
Well, there goes plan A, what's plan B?
Our politicians were too busy thinking up jokes about Corbyn.
You'd hardly expect her or any other EU leader to say anything different.
It was removed from Freeview in 2010.
Yes, it's part of the most basic package and classed as news.
Easiest way is to use a Skin(Nebula/Aeon Nox/Black Glass Nova and others) that give easy access to submenus. http://tinyimg.io/i/2xa0Ikk.png
Yes, because investigators don't know about those! Oink!
We didn't know that on Friday either.
We win when it matters.
It's an unfortunate consequence but the same could be said of the bombing of Germany in World War 2 and many other wars. Innocents will get caught in the crossfire so it's never a time to feel 'good', that's the difference between us and them.
You get the profit when his frozen corpse is shown on YouTube.
oooo
He's just a big girls blouse.
You first.
...or Brian
...drive me insane...insane.
So it's like the reverse of the West .
https://vimeo.com/32442801
Pleasuredome
or out.
Sounds very contemporary. He did have a really shit childhood, no excuse though. I did start to read it and got bored half way through.
(Not US) This is true but I doubt there's many other subjects most subscribers are more interested in so Trump stories get to the top.
I think it's the white noise from fans too.
There's clearly a screw holding the card outside the case so why the box? Also those cables appear to have something growing on them.
Well yes and these things have been posted for years and are a regular occurance on TPB, I assume they get cleaned over time.
and women who clean the inside of their windows in their underwear.
I can't wait for my 1TB storage phone with an unlimited data cap so I can download a movie on a train...
He saved everyone one of us.
It doesn't get more appropriate than that.
Rouge 5 standing by!
That was surprisingly well sung, I've looked around to try to find it for a couple of hours and probably trod the same roads as you in the process. It's obviously a folk song and might have been bought as a record at a live event by a teacher, my mother has a couple of folk albums that came from similar sources and they're pretty rare and undocumented.
This is animated.
Using Linux doesn't help with phishing ...or stupidity.
But why would he be yellow?
It's not but I'll let you Google Yahoo's assest portfolio...ironic in a parallel universe someone just wrote "I'll let you Yahoo Google's assets".
It is now, there was a time when "free banking" was advertised as a perk. I suspect they hiked overdraft and overdrawn fees to cover it.
Stuck in the 70s as far as payment processing is concerned. Big country, it takes much more to make changes and modernise.
Sex.
Sharing a single bit is enough.
Log all addresses, email isps. Simple automation.
Better than most subs with a lot of news content.
When bad things happen to people it can throw them off-kilter and do things they wouldn't seem to be capable of otherwise.
As someone whose teenage years are long gone I can say that it was the most traumatic time of my life, looking back it feels like I was almost psychotic.
It's nuts to even try to comprehend it.
It's an A-list comedy (for those outside the US)
Would make a great helter skelter though. 16 and 21 would have been nice.
Maybe the troops need a Russian "holiday", I hear the skiing is good this time of year, purely as "tourists" you understand.
Yup, just to be clear I don't mean for this to be a skip to another item, the same timings should apply as though you just activated. Being a goalie sucks when you keep getting teleporters and tornados, disrupters are not really useful no matter what postion you're playing and should be changed, maybe add vehicle spin or shaking,
We have game shops in our town that look exactly like that without the sofa.
Public release is on Tuesday (17th January 2017), in case anyone else wondered.
Top voted comment based on zero knowledge of poker...the sites never lose (except when they overlay tournaments).
Didn't we already do this story?
Brexit hasn't happened yet.
BBC, CNN and Sky have reporters at the scene, regular programmes will be interrupted. \#tractortragedy is trending on Twitter. #prayfortracky.
It is winter...
Order anything from Germany and it's Großbritannien.
The story is everywhere, BBC, Reuters...it's real. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-38659068
Is Gabe excluded from the banned number removals?
The guys on MPU Mecca may be able to help or at least point you at the right forum for advice. It's a long shot though, http://www.fruitemu.co.uk/ib/index.php?/forum/30-rons-electro-club/
It's officially an anti-depressant but I was prescribed it for GAD and it works, for me, with any type of SSRIs you have to give them time, it was about a month before I was out of the freak out all the time stage and a couple of months before I had confidence to take on most situations without worrying too much. Also known as Celexa in the U.S and (e)citalopram is the more expensive and apparently even more effective alternative. YMMV.
Yeah, congrats America, on losing big.
Pretty much all types of practices have been in barely converted houses, I distinctly remember going to the doctors as a child in the early 70s that was in a house, it was only later on that we got a 'health centre' which was a custom built building that houses numerous doctors practices. Opticians, dentists and shops locally were often just converted houses with people still living above and this remains to this date.
Credit card for multiple pins (can I make the 'buy a new CPU with it' joke for the third time?).
Flintstone rock wheels for unranked :)
Well, there might be a small amount of collateral damage.
That reference to the rain was odd.
Damn, I've never really taken in the size of the White House before.
People really need to stop poking this nest, Nintendo could make life very difficult for sites with litigation and I'd really prefer resources and time to be put into hosting and managing than into lawyers and courtrooms even if those cases are winnable in some jurisdictions
That's a bit more than none.
Hate to admit it but Four Lions immediately came to mind.
\^_^
But then they'd have three million less 'users'. Twitter is going to be bought soon™ and the size of their userbase will be factored into its value.
&gt; We could shoehorn it into the iPhone 7 but that won't help sell more phones.
I'd rather stab myself in the face than go back to Android.
He fucked with T_D in blue so it didn't count as an admin action.
You can download any firmware you want any time but you need the blobs associated to install it.
&gt; Newbie noobs lol
(UK) I follow both accounts, was already following @potus since Obama, it's for entertainment purposes and so I get a warning when he's about to push the button not because I support the annoying orange.
Bit of an overestimate.
10 years seems a lot for a moment of stupidy but since he won't serve that then it's fair, that's enough for him to learn his lesson, hopefully.
Making a profit on the back of piracy in any form is liable to get you into trouble, people who pirate for their own personal use are at the bottom of the ladder in terms of seriousness.
Thought it was a Risk reference...
Nasty judge put me on the naughty step, sad.
That is not a good idea at all.
http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/commas.asp
It's not released as a noobie friendly ipa yet for a reason, can you guess why?
Crowdfund a few accounts for someone with experience in getting past the review process.
Ladbrokes are giving 1000-1 on this happening.
Jesus, that looks like a reason not to jailbreak.
&gt; An official .ipa will be provided once I get feedback that this solved issues on the iPhone 6 and that it actually works on the 5s https://twitter.com/qwertyoruiopz/status/825736970492051456
Yes it does! I just installed it, no issues so far.
My god, I'm looking at it right now!
Apparently ETA Son has samples borrowed from i0n1c's unreleased album.
They have to be careful, I can imagine it wouldn't take much for Trump to push the DOJ into an anti-trust case against them. I was wondering though, how much work it would take via crowdsourcing to make a Trump search suggest "did you mean literally Hitler?".
Maybe he's talking about the autocomplete story, some difference between "Donald Trump is a..." and the Hillary version. I can't imagine a story like that would go unnoticed, mass boycotts (by Trump supporters) would ensue and Bing servers would meltdown due to double figure search requests
What the hell was she doing to pull a face like that?
I think finding location is a part of the information they're looking for.
So viral it's been hugged to death, google to the rescue : http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:www.thelondoneconomic.com/news/politics/facebook-comment-jeremy-corbyn-going-viral/31/05/&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;oe=UTF-8&amp;hl=en-gb&amp;client=safari
Fuck you YouGov and your shitty misleading wording.
That's fair.
I read LabourUK and Libdems but not the SNP, I have no opinion on Scotland whether they stay or leave.
Well the implication is that those who remain agree with Trump.
I would guess that like everything DNA it's a mashup, I have my dads hair, my brother has my mums.
Thought this fucker was banned, so you allow him to post by proxy?
Yeah but I'm not sure strong and stable foundations will cut it anymore.
Because it's based on the idea that inequality is unavoidable or even preferable.
Is that supposed to be a deterrent? You know Iraq had close ties with Russia/USSR too?
They should have a bar and both gender strippers at every station.
On desktop press H
More pedestrianised areas and walkway defences on major bridges maybe, only so much you can do, we faced this with the IRA and just did what we could without changing society too much and that's what we'll continue to do.
This thread was started within minutes of the attack, I responded to one of the first comments that was hoping nobody was hurt, nobody knew what it was for certain.
Loose lips sink ships.
With absolutely no disrepect intended, since our police arn't all routinely armed we get to cherry pick the best of the best to be the small number that are armed.
How much of a surprise would be it if she turned round and said "oh, ok Jeremy you're right, I resign."
&gt; Have a bath? Get a bike! https://youtu.be/MZTvMYQSl_w
Run it on Trump's bullshit, the supply is free and endless.
* Seemless integration with all your other Apple stuff.
Go to the MacRumours forum if you want uncritical fawning.
What's her number?
I'd rather be governed by experts than career politicians who know fuck all about anything but how to dodge a question.
The masterrace part is satire, treat it as such.
Just stupid distractions that make politicians look like they can somehow change things, they're powerless and only more police about at the time of the attacks is going to help.
Blame Trump.
I'm doing it, I'm doing it, STFU already.
I vote we keep this bot, it saves a click and a bit of data.
Tesco/Morrisons, Britannia brand, near the butter areas.
or..maybe they were robbed.
http://www.koreaherald.com/view.php?ud=20170608000060
I wonder who won the sweepstake at Channel Four News after she said strong and stable again.
If they had garlic in then you'll be a bit safer because it kills some bacteria but it's likely you'll be fine anyway, they're usually part cooked and the bit you do at home just crisps them up.
Today is a good day to watch UK 24 hour news if you're sick of politics, at least until 10pm. ALSO, GO OUT AND VOTE, you get a surprise gift after you've done it.
If it's not an obvious Tory win by 3am then I guess so.
I just tend to extract the ISO to a folder when required.
The people who buy The Scum don't vote Labour anyway generally, it's always upfront about being anti-Labour and pro-Tory, it's telling its readers to feel good about the way they will vote anyway.
Is that wording enough to get Trump off the hook? No idea of the legalities.
lol.
Full recap - the President Comey thing is at ~3:40 https://youtu.be/S0V_7PR4dYI
Last call for the kettle!
Of course, as it stands if the exit poll and it is only a poll is correct, they'd need everyone but the Tories because bills still have to get passed by a majority.
Looks more like a frog.
Vote for a new mic.
Really needs to shave it off, it's not convincing anyone.
He'll be glad to dump that tie.
I wouldn't derive anything from those Sunderland and Newcastle seat results except for the sheer amount of UKIP votes that went back to the Tories.
I mean...how the hell did Duncan-Smith beat him in the leadership contest, crazy Tories.
...and here we see what would happen if 100 Pepe's filled the seats.
iPlayer is nearly a minute behind, am watching via Satellite.
Probably just pre-Brexit donations they felt obliged to spend.
/r/tories_gonewild
Haha.
Weak and wooly.
...fucking hell Laura..at least pretend you're unbiased.
I made a brew and watched bake off while she was speaking.
Cancer recovery.
Bound to happen at some point.
Make the most of this, you don't get to see politicans squirm unprepared like this often.
321 is barely workable even with the DUP.
36 results to go.
non-Tory, ie all the parties that aren't Tory combined.
Dudley will depend on where the UKIP votes go, it's currently Labour with a 4k majority over the Tories. but there was 11k UKIP votes last time.
Playing hard to get so they don't get hard (Brexit).
She didn't stand up to scrutiny once the electorate started to take notice and no doubt banked on far more ex-Tories returning from UKIP.
Now confirmed as manager, same link above.
Happy with this, I don't expect us to go straight back up, lots of changes to the team and management to bed in but if we can make the playoffs then I'll be satisfied and then go back up in the 18/19 season.
They were onto their third recount, the counters are being rested and the result is expected tomorrow. The last I read it was being heavily reported as going Labour which would be a hell of a swing.
Shitting on the game is a good analogy.
Lady boobs too...at least they looked like ladies.
There hasn't been a general election since 1931 where the majority got what they wanted, it makes a change really and we didn't get a referendum on joining the EEC in the first place, just one that asked if we wanted to stay in two years later, 35% wanted to leave even then. When we joined it was a trade organisation of nine countries, when we voted to leave it was an all-encompassing political body of 28 countries.
If May says there won't be another, does that mean there will be?
The zoom in on the pile of wood made me think she was about to find a body/something buried beneath it.
That just paints your skin giving no UV protection, this increases your melanin production which helps protect against UV as well as giving a real tan.
Because you rub it on the outside.
Reddit hates closing brackets. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two_of_a_Kind_(1983_film) Use the \ escape character before the first closing bracket `[Two of a Kind](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two_of_a_Kind_(1983_film\))` [Two of a Kind](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two_of_a_Kind_(1983_film\))
stick cache: in front of any url, `cache:reddit.com`
Que?
Jo*, she's a lady, or at least looks like a lady.
She's trying to emulate Corbyn's initial unpopularity in the hope that she suddenly becomes popular, she's growing a beard next.
The train at Valley Gardens : http://tinyimg.io/i/9nzSDnF.JPG
Freshly lightsabred.
Can't you make it 13 warrants, I mean he was the ring leader and instigator.
Sarcasm?
With all the Brazillionaires there you'd have thought someone would have built one...with an entrance fee of course.
Sister is a PIP assessor and is a qualified mental nurse, Atos pay better money for less hours with no client contact and no dodging knives and faeces. They've been really good with her as she tries to come to terms with her own mental problems due to the death of her child.
Speech is planned for Wednesday including the 'Great Repeal Act' - All EU laws become UK laws. The DUP will almost certainly vote the speech through but don't expect to hear what the Tories have given in return, I suspect May is thinking all the furore will die down and she can slip something through parliament for the DUP, personally I can see a summer of riots if she doesn't bugger off.
The UK is a ferry travelling between Dover and Calais with a very very rough English Channel, the US is the Titantic already set sail and its fate confirmed.
So the best you can hope for is 15% no matter how much you jack the prices and it gets to the point where people will risk importing since travel works out cheaper.
No itching, she's holding both hands out, the hand at our right is at a strange angle and grip.
Nobody who did/does the flag thing expects it to change anything, it's to give some indication that millions of people around the world care and are thinking about those affected.
I guess it's an easy way for people who struggle to express their emotions and it's 'stickier' than a post.
Well you're right morally, the lack of housing falls on the politicians (on both sides). It would be nice if the council could strike some kind of deal with the owners to house the victims for a couple of years in those properties that have been empty long-term, maybe some kind of council tax cut as a sweetner.
Yeah but YouTube makes very little profit, there's no reason any company would pour the requried capital into creating the required infrastructure to compete with YouTube's experience, we're superlucky Google does considering the amount of issues it faces; DMCA, bolshy customers and "stars", copyright takedowns, porn and extremism, so much shit to shovel it simply wouldn't make the payoff worth it.
&gt; You know some people when they see it, they're not too sure but you seem genuinely interested
You can get reliable people to vouch for your identity in the short term, doctors, medical and dental records also in the longer term.
So if Sony decline to renew then maybe Apple may take it, or Netflix, they seem pretty sure Sony will renew though.
Remember where you were when the great education arms race began.
Oh, never watched Community, anyway, the other guy is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desmond_O%27Connor_(cabaret_performer)
&gt; Is it a pain to set up? Username, password, protocol and server address filled into boxes usually. There's nearly always a page showing how to use and sometimes an app if you choose to use that where you'll usually just enter your username and password and pick the server location.
It's a pity /u/awildsketchappeared has retired.
This is why we need to change it to 0118 999 881 999 119 725 3, it gives people the time to consider if its really necessary.
Hopefully nobody is naive enough to think anything will come of this, the Tory party is stacked to the gills with criminal lawyers and I mean that in both senses.
I can't imagine 1gb of code.
I doubt they'll manage it that quickly.
This is what they look like : http://tinyimg.io/i/R3FGnIi.PNG Shops use bluetooth to change the display so expect them to get hacked and display dickbutt at some point in the future.
https://weshare.me/cc82b7a43592227a/Glastonbury,_2017,_Day_3_-_Barry_Gibb.mkv I reencoded the file to reduce size with experiemental settings so if you see glitches that's why, download options are at the bottom of the page if needed. One tab of ads will open (on mobile at least) which you can close immediately.
"Care in the community" was used to cut services in the NHS.
It's not just Canada p.s. As a UK person I don't for one second believe that Trump represents anything but the dregs of American society.
Article isn't loading because hugged but is it possible it was an infiltrator caught between a rock and a hard place?
Too soon.
I want Google to reduce bandwidth and server performance to EU customers to pay this fine (once we've left of course ;)
It's a bit of stretch to go from Star Wars to the Hulk.
The tracking line gives you a rough idea and lots of lockers and collect+ about
Exactly, XP has been debugged to fuck now and they know they exactly what they can expect from it, it's the same reason old CPUs are used too.
Benefit as in promote themselves on their own platform.
(UK). The EU is corrupt and has all sorts of vested interests banging on their door. It's just not out in the open yet, one day it will be.
in beta
He was talking mainly about the undemocratic, unelected EU commission.
I'm glad I live in a country where none of that shit matters. Batshit society.
One million Zimbabwe dollars.
I mean, the first instinct after rubbing your eyes would be to phone the emergency services wouldn't it?
