When you guys fire Crean, can you start an Indiana-Mizzou pipeline with Thomas Bryant? Thanks in advance.
The misuse of quotation marks in pointing out their spelling error doesn't reflect well on you.
Or just look at her eyes.
Compliance doesn't sell tickets.
In addition to that, even if you could "fix" them with counseling, they still have to live in the world with a body and mind that don't match, which means they'll always be some kind of an outcast. A trans woman with male anatomy trying to get fitted for new lingerie? Awkward. A trans man having to sit to pee? Also weird. Those small, daily reminders that you don't quite fit in basically ensure therapy will be a lifelong necessity for a lot of people. Yeah, they can love the body they have, but they can't make everyone else accept it and can't change that the world isn't designed for them. Surgery eliminates that.
Darrell Arthur says hi.
Aww, shucks. Roy didn't do anything that wasn't in the best interest for those kids. *sniff*
He knew exactly as much as he wanted to know.
There's a moment when you can see the treat up his sleeve. If the magic was lost, it was due to shitty magicians.
Am I the only one who thought LeBron's foot was on the line on his three to tie it at 96? I never saw a replay, but I would've loved to.
Really can't apply that to Marlo. He's more ambitious than that. More big picture. No, he's not a true suit-wearing businessman, but he lacks Avon's parochial view of his corners. He's more of a tyrannical amalgamation of the various pieces on the chess board, park Avon, part String and a dash of Prop Joe. Even part Greek.
Not that I'm disagreeing with your overall point, but why would you expect the LA Times to respond to a random person calling in about this?
Ordering a drink on a plane is not public speaking. Being nervous when talking to a large group of people is normal. Being nervous when engaging in a few seconds of one-on-one social interaction is not.
Or answering with "no, I played fine."
This is why LeBron will never match Jordan IMO.
I grew up in Missouri, so nothing resembling a local team to root for. I was a Sonics fan starting in the mid-’90s because I had an uncle who lived there and I thought he was cool. And Payton/Kemp were badasses. I was also a Magic fan because of Shaq/Penny. Around 2000, after those two duos split, I started following the Lakers (Shaq/Kobe; I have a soft spot for big dudes who try to kill the rim, especially when they play alongside a dynamic guard), but I still rooted for Seattle first (not that I had much access to their games in Missouri at the time). I did not follow the Sonics to OKC. Fuck the Thunder. I'm eagerly waiting the return of the NBA to Seattle. I'd hate to steal a team from another city…except Sacramento. They took the Kings from KC, which would have been my natural team growing up anyway. In the meantime, I'm still with the Lakers. But I also live in LA now, and they have two players on the roster from Mizzou, so it works out well for me. I also find myself casually rooting for teams with cool old-school style uniforms. Golden State, for example. A lot of teams are going to uniforms with that retro kinda feel, which is way better than the late '90s/early 2000s crap teams like Golden State and Seattle came up with.
Unless you're an environmental expert, there's just not much room to criticize here IMO. You're assuming they're downplaying a major issue because they have some interest in keeping tourist beaches open. Honestly, that seems a bit ridiculous to me. They have nothing to gain from shutting down a story about a major public health issue. In fact, they'd likely want to do the opposite. If they had credible sources confirming it was a public health risk but nothing was being done, they'd e all over that. That's the kind of story that can build a journalist's reputation and help a career take off. That's te kind of reporting that draws national attention to a publication and starts conversations about awards.
True, but Andy Lee took a step back last year. He's still good, but you have to wonder if he's still elite. A reliably above-average punter is valuable, but is it worth nearly $4 million on a team that's clearly rebuilding? I don't think so. Lee's value to the 49ers was far lower than what it was when he signed that contract.
It's possible those people in hazmat suits collected that tar from other beaches as a precaution then determined a broader beach closure was unnecessary at this time. I don't know the answer here, but I guarantee you there are several people at the Times who are all over it. A major newspaper isn't going to respond to every person who calls in, especially when it's relating to a major story they're already covering.
"I played fine." "So why did you lose?" "Because sometimes things don't go your way. We just need to keep playing our game and we'll be fine."
There are examples of players at every position failing in the NFL. That doesn't mean the Colts should've kept Manning in case Luck was a bust (an extreme example, I know). The truth is te 49ers ain't winning anything next year. That money can be better spent on players who will be part of the long-term future. There is a chance the rookie will blow, but there's also a chance he's really good and really cheap and becomes an essential part of the team for the next decade like Lee before him.
No kidding. A racehorse at top speed covers a lot of ground in two seconds.
Makes a link between Starks and WW seem more likely IMO.
A Skyrim-like game that depicted Robert's Rebellion…I'd buy that.
Gabbert … so goddamn painful. As a Mizzou fan, I've watched him plenty. Capable of such amazing plays, but there's just something lacking. His deep ball is a joke for someone with his arm, and he has zero composure when things break down. So sad.
Once asked what bible I'd been reading. That was interesting. But the hottest was when my girlfriend said "so that's what the back of my throat feels like." She is not at all into having foreign objects going down her throat, but she's very much into making me happy.
No. But that's the source of the joke. I'm sure PetCo has strict rules, too. The point, I suppose, is that these big box corporate pet stores are maybe not always the best place for a pet.
I would guess an independent groomer with one or two employees would be less likely to have that kind of irresponsibility than a corporate system where employees could feel more like cogs in a machine.
This. He says she never shares fantasies but doesn't say she's ever turned him down. Has he even tried to mix it up, or is he waiting for her to do it?
Also some north side of town that fit those qualifications. The Derby Ridge area isn't the nicest in Columbia, but it works.
Abhorrent on so many levels, but we should call him what he is. Going after a 15-year-old is illegal. It's rape. But it isn't pedophilia.
Leave us out of it.
Truth
But seriously, why hasn't that mom been reported to child services yet?
Which explains why the perv is doing this from Germany.
I dropped a couple F bombs in a kid's yearbook in 7th grade. South Park quotes (back in the early, early days). His mom went through his stuff to find his yearbook and called the school to report everyone who wrote bad words. I and a dozen other kids spent the last day of school scrubbing lockers. Because, you know, we were probably the only kids in the school who did that. Not like every yearbook ever is filled with profanity.
I wouldn't hate the 49ers throwing their hat in the ring.
Hopefully that's not a big if. Danario Alexander from Mizzou was the same. Stud in college but could never stay healthy. His one semi-full season in San Diego, he put up pro bowl numbers after being signed off the street mid-year. But he got hurt yet again.
Her opinion is that people of different races should be treated differently. That opinion has a real effect on her ability to do her job. Opinions on what adults should be able to do in the privacy of their own homes is not the same. Supporting the end of marijuana prohibition in no way affects her ability to do her job. Pro-marijuana beliefs won't lead to students being treated any differently. Likewise for same-sex marriage. At best, there would be indirect effects in the minds of the uber-conservative. What she posted, though, is a clear indication that she believes white students and black students shouldn't even be in the same classroom. What's she going to do if a black student and white student get in a fight? Or if she has a difficult parent-teacher conference with a black parent? A better analogy would be if she was proposing banning the gays and drug users from sending their children to her classroom. Which would also be awful.
We live in a country where teachers aren't valued. Pay them more and treat them like professionals, and you'll attract better candidates. As it is, you get a lot of double digit IQ types because they're often the ones willing to put up with it more than a few years. "Those who can't do teach" is kinda true because those who can do have options more often than not. Source: former teacher
Fuck all those people.
10 hours later, literally every single "fuck you" response is from a Mizzou or Kansas fan. Also, fuck you.
I'm sure it's possible to be an ignorant and racist teacher and still do the job well, but I'd rather those types not teach my kids.
Generally I agree, but even on a bad team, a quality line is important IMO. Harder to develop young players when the line sucks.
A certain kind of person loves to criticize liberal approaches to kids playing with toy guns. Spineless hippies that won't let their kid have a toy. Socialist school administrators who flip out at just the mention of a gun. Try suggesting a ban at Wal-Mart on toy guns and see what happens. And then those same types turn around and say it's Tamir's fault because he shouldn't have had the toy.
Probably right. And what should probably happen is the cops show up and calmly explain why it's a bad idea.
Looks like they had an itchy trigger finger and went lookin for action hero stuff.
Three months of unpaid vacation and 60+ hour work weeks the other nine months and a salary that gets eaten into by the need to buy your own supplies for your classroom. You can live a decent lower middle class life as a teacher. But there is pretty much no hope for much better. And you're going to be shit on by students, parents, politicians and the general public constantly. I quit teaching and now do maybe a third of the work. I get to do awesome things, and anyone who I tell about my job gets excited. And I get paid more. There isn't a good teacher anywhere who wouldn't make more and work less in another field.
Nothing except it scares people so they throw it on any attempt at fearmongering.
How long do you think it takes to get to that salary? That's the absolute highest a teacher can go after multiple degrees and a couple decades on the job. $37k is more than new teachers make in 38 states. A $30k/year job at 22 isn't the worst thing in the world…except when you see your peers getting twice that in the private sector. Or when you see mail carriers make more than that on day one with no degree or debt. Or when you calculate your hourly wage and realize you'd make more as a waiter. Teachers aren't living below the poverty line. That isn't the point. The point is that anyone who has talent can easily make more in the private sector, which leads to a public education filled with teachers who are there because they have no other option. Teachers aren't paid well relative to what they'd be worth in other jobs, and they're not compensated well relative to their ability against their peers. The best teacher gets paid the same as the worst.
You're really struggling here, aren't you? It's not that it's a horrible job. It's that it's far less than what talented people would get in other fields. As I already said, you can live a comfortable lower-middle class life as a teacher. But that's basically the peak for most people. If you're content with that, great. Most talented and intelligent people aren't. You clearly have never done it. Your entire argument is based on numbers on a computer screen.
Tell me more about how teachers are respected in our society…
Thank you for repeatedly proving the point. People like you are why we have teachers like this woman.
&gt; Oh fuck off. I see you're a mature one. Hope your summer break goes well. &gt; Teachers these days complain about the system but never do anything to throw a wrench in it. Because the ones who would want that change the most are often the ones who leave the profession or avoid it in the first place. Many who remain are content with an inadequate system that encourages mediocrity. And when teachers do push for change, they get push back even harder by a society full of pricks like you who don't respect them enough to enact any positive reform. &gt; They sit idly by while the administrators fuck everything up, enact zero tolerance policies and all sorts of other horseshit. Except when they don't. I could list examples of districts where teachers pushed back against bad policies, but you should be able to find those on your own if you're actually interested in having an informed opinion on this instead of just spouting ignorant bullshit. You won't find any more resistance to bad policies in any other field. People have a tendency to comply with new rules set by people who can have them fired. &gt; Much like cops you take a civil service job you should be more interested in helping society than a paycheck, a higher standard is to be expected. And much like cops, the rewards don't match the demands of the job, so we end up with teachers who are ill-suited for the profession. In the real world, the amount of people who will accept the abstract rewards of civil service in lieu of a better paycheck is far lower than the amount we need. You can't send your kids to college on good deeds.
Because Kanye fuckin West needs to sneak in anywhere. Not buying this. He got in because he's Kanye.
Just a regular creepy uncle with a football dream forever unrealized.
I don't think you get what wanting it both ways actually means…
The *idea of teaching* isn't respected, and good ones are lumped in with the bad by the system and society. Society does not value the role teachers play. And because of that, a lot of talented would-be teachers find work elsewhere. Very simple ideas that have flown well above your head, apparently.
I was going to go with rapey, but Uncle Rico never raped anyone.
And then there are cases where cultural appropriation is actually offensive, such as white people casually donning American Indian headdresses. Commit genocide, systematically wipe out almost all traces of what culture remains … and then adopt their deeply spiritual cultural icons as a fashion statement? Sure. Why not…
Sarcasm noted. But: http://www.mtv.com/news/1837578/why-you-should-not-wear-headdresses/ http://www.theguardian.com/fashion/2014/jul/30/why-the-fashion-headdress-must-be-stopped http://www.cosmopolitan.com/style-beauty/fashion/advice/a38218/native-american-headdress-music-festival/ http://nativeappropriations.com/2010/04/but-why-cant-i-wear-a-hipster-headdress.html Complaints about cultural appropriation are almost always stupid. But there are some lines decent people don't intentionally cross. Turning other cultures into caricatures for your own casual entertainment is generally one of those lines.
I mean, I'm not a fan. Mostly because their music is kinda bad. Being upset is a choice, in a way. So is continuing to be a dick when you learn that you're being offensive by treating someone's sacred objects as a hat or dressing up as caricatures for a minstrel show or the like.
As far as I'm concerned, the Lost World and JPIII do not exist. This is the real sequel.
Rhyme
I didn't know that going in, as I paid very little attention to the promotion for the film. I did watch a trailer or two, but I didn't exactly analyzed them. I went in with a pretty clean slate (as much as you can for a movie like this). Glad I did.
Or enough money to get you killed by someone who has almost everything.
I've always had a time accepting true modesty from a guy who's gone by King since he was a teenager.
If Wikipedia was hosting copyrighted images, those constant donation drives would be for legal fees on their never-ending lawsuits.
The worst is when I see product placement in real life. All those fucking kids with their beats headphones at the mall really piss me off and detract from the realism of real life. Like, why can't kids today wear made-up brands?
-ae is a feminine plural suffix in Latin (alumnae as an everyday English example). So yeah, looks feminine if it has to have a gender.
The most *out of the 10 whole teams they looked at.* Florida's probably near the top regardless, but this recent round of OTL "investigations" is not a comprehensive dig into crime and college athletes. They cherry picked info from a small number of schools.
Lots of worthless fucks on tigerboard, but not many who actually support DGB in that case. You go to any fan board after a star gets arrested, and you'll find abhorrent comments directed at the victim. And you'll also find a lot of tongue in cheek "snitches get stitches" comments. At the time those comments were posted, though, I don't believe anyone knew it was a domestic violence situation. Also, Lawrence Phillips.
His shot looked like mine today. I am not good.
Except when he did in 2007. And in 2011.
With as much contact as there is, you think those germs aren't getting spread already? This is why we have immune systems. A little bacteria from a healthy mouth isn't going to hurt anyone.
Wilt was a statistical beast, too. Only won two rings.
Or like Golden State is defending Cleveland with the intent of forcing LeBron to do everything, knowing full well he'll put up insane numbers and still probably lose.
I'm not predicting it or anything, but LeBron and Love are both on a player option…
He has more than 21 points of help, but Golden State has done well to take away anything else Cleveland has left.
I really can't see LeBron leaving, but you have to wonder at least a little why he wanted that player option in there. Part of me thinks he maybe wanted to roll back into Cleveland, break the curse in year one and opt out for somewhere else. Regardless of what he does, though, I'd be pissed (if I were a Cleveland fan) at that Love trade.
*LeBron best ever!* More your speed?
He would've if he could've :( Edit: He actually did play the Sonics several times, of course. In eight games, LeBron went 4-4 vs. the Sonics. He averaged 26/8/5 in wins and 33/5/8 in losses. So basically it's a statistical fact that LeBron wins more when he lets his teammates do more instead of trying to score or assist on every basket. That eight-game sample size against what was a pretty bad team for most of those years proves it.
I haven't seen it yet, but more subtle grammar corrections was high on my wish list.
China and much of Asia has gone without dairy for thousands of years already. Most of them can't handle it as a result. I'm not going to worry about their dairy industry. The rest of the milk-drinking world has been doing fine without China's contributions.
When they're using California water to do it, yeah, I'll tell them what to eat. They don't need it. We're using a scarce resource to grow unnecessary crops.
No, he's referring to illegal defense: "Prior to the 2001–2002 NBA season, any form of zone defense was considered an illegal defense violation and resulted in a warning on the first violation and then a technical foul for any subsequent violations." https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defensive_three-second_violation
I see you struggle with sarcasm.
Don't we pay farmers NOT to grow stuff in this country? I imagine there are ways to make sure we're all still fed without wasting California's water.
I'm all for limiting wasteful residential and commercial water use for landscaping, but that's not really going to change anything. If we stop propping up corn/soy farmers in Iowa and instead encourage them to actually grow food, we'd solve a lot of problems. I realize corn and soy are used in a lot of things, but that's largely because they're cheap, and they're cheap because of subsidies. (Transplanted Missourian)
If sex with you gives her nothing but a physical pleasure, then she doesn't love you. In a healthy relationship, sex is much more than something that feels good when you do it.
With those two, Cleveland's defense gets worse, the best rebounder in the series rides the pine, and Golden State is still the better team.
"This far" was 2-3. He was playing one-on-five for all of five games.
Or perhaps LeBron breaks 40% from the field.
MVP is not the best player award. Nor is it a "the rest of his team sucks" award.
Doesn't take a fighter pilot to see that having the entire offense generated by one guy probably isn't the best idea. That has pretty much never been enough to win a championship. Certainly not in the modern era. His teammates sucked, but the coaching staff (and LeBron) should have tried to find ways to get them involved anyway. LeBron vs. the Warriors was a recipe for failure.
Like Jordan vs. the Suns but not quite as good.
Those stats with a good shooting percentage in a seven-game series take it even if they lose.
That context doesn't make his shooting percentages better. It just points out that his team sucked. If he puts up similar numbers but does it while hitting 50% from the field instead of 39%, he wins it easily.
&gt; LEBRON-ing &gt; Definition: Putting the team on your back &gt; *and losing.*
Mozgov had 28 in game four. Barely played the next game. Cleveland went all in on the idea that LeBron was the only option, but he really wasn't.
Cleveland shot 39% from the field as a team. LeBron shot 39% himself. His teammates shot the exact same percentage as he did from the field. His teammates averaged 1.33 points per field goal attempt. LeBron, 0.99. So yes, he had a choice. He led a mediocre team to the finals in 2007 by beating a .500 Wizards squad that was without its two best players, a 41- win Nets team that relied on old guys and didn't have a single 20 ppg scorer, and a solid but shell shocked Detroit team. Then they faced a good team and got swept. He's obviously a great player. No one has ever suggested otherwise. But he can't win a championship by himself. No one can. Attempting to do so was essentially giving up.
Games aren't won in the box score. It's not about a different lineup. It's about doing something different with the same lineup because what you've done before clearly won't work. Those shooting percentages are not indicative of the talent on that roster. If it were, none of those players would be on NBA rosters.
Probably a lot. The Cavs had a huge advantage inside and failed to use it. Whether LeBron initiates the offense or not, to have a 6+ inch advantage at center with a guy who isn't a useless stiff and not use it is absurd.
:(
No, the game where LeBron went 7-22 from the field and Cleveland's other perimeter players went a combined 7-38. The obvious move, naturally, was to have those guards shoot just as much 11-35 in the next game) and bench Mozgov (1 FG attempt). Or, just a thought, don't have JR and Dellavedova and Shumpert launching jumper after jumper.
You don't have to take it out of his hands to do something different.
No, I know you didn't mean Klay. I just was trying to help you understand his point. I assumed you misunderstood him because what you seemed to be suggesting was ridiculous. Turns out you really do know that little about the game. Down double figures with six minutes to go is not time to start hoisting bad jumpers or abandon smart basketball. LeBron was 5-12 in the final quarter. All five made baskets were layups or dunks. He hasn't been consistently hitting jumpers all playoffs long. With that much time left, there is no reason not to keep trying to get inside, where he has a huge advantage over anyone Golden State could put on him. Not only are those better looks for LeBron, but they also open up looks for other Cavs players. I assumed maybe you'd understand that much, as it's pretty simple. I figured you missed his point. But no. You were going off on a tangent about running the offense through Tristan Thompson for some stupid reason.
Golden State scored 103 with Mozgov apparently being a huge liability. They scored 104 when he was benched. Blatt and LeBron were reactionary all series long. They did what Golden State wanted them to do instead of forcing GS to adjust to them. They played this series like a teenager playing 2k. It's embarrassing to see that on this stage.
Go to bed. You clearly need some sleep.
Self-driving cars *might be* better *someday*. They aren't now, and won't be for a while.
Seems like two distinct groups on one sub to me.
MVP has never been taken literally, though.
Well, the former led to four wins…
29. I remember the Suns series. Dan Majorly had a funny name (because I was 8 and I didn't know how to pronounce Majerle on Bulls vs. Lakers on my Genesis).
LeBron is Wilt. Jordan is Russell. Both are great players. But there's just something different about them.
Only time prime Jordan got tired was during the Magic series in his comeback season. You would never, ever catch Jordan struggling because he ran out of gas in a series.
He's not close now. Maybe not ever. But he's a hell of a lot better than what Cleveland has left on the wing now. LeBron has never played with a player like Wiggins. A shame he probably never will.
My own personal tinfoil on Stannis (I'm sure considered by others, but I haven't seen it) is not only that he's alive but also that he ends up in the Night's Watch. We know the Night's Watch and the wall will be important. Even if Jon is Azor Ahai reborn, the Night's Watch is still weak, both from a manpower point of view and in terms of characters anyone is interested in. Sending Stannis to the wall solves both problems. I'd love to see him show up and institute his sense of justice on that bunch of mutineers while Jon, relieved from his oath in his reborn state, goes on to bigger and better things. Stannis thought he was king. Lord Commander would be a good consolation prize, all things considered.
I want to see that conversation go down so bad. Tristayne offering up Jaime. Dany getting the chance to avenge her father. Tyrion urging a prudent approach that spares Jaime, as he was really just showing mercy to the realm when he killed her father. Bronn doing Bronn things in the background. Varys doing Varys things. Plus Grey Worm, Missandei and dragons. And maybe a new khalasar. I'm struggling to find any downside to the story going in that direction.
McGrady was still a high schooler when Shaq signed with the Lakers. His wingman in Orlando was Penny. He was healthy for all but the final 20 or so games of Shaq's time in Orlando. Then Shaq left and Penny broke down, and THEN they brought in McGrady and Hill (and tried for Duncan). Basically they had two different duos in a five-year window, and each would have been absolutely dominant if they could keep them signed and healthy. Gotta feel bad for the Magic.
I hate when I initiate a conversation or debate with someone only to discover after it's too late that they're on reddit because school's out for summer.
Someone should sign Kleiza simply so the world can see him play against the Jazz now. A not so secret rumor in Missouri is that when Quin was coaching at Mizzou, he slept with Kleiza's girlfriend. Shortly thereafter, Kleiza went pro and Quin got divorced (and then fired).
I kinda prefer it without that tension. I always liked their brotherly relationship. One of the few healthy relationships in the show, and the show could definitely use a touch of that at times.
Or, you know, just don't be a dick. That would solve the problem, too.
Not this shit again. People doing what they're supposed to do is not news. No one is trying to suppress this. The role of the media is not to make you feel good about the world. It's damn near the opposite. It's to put a spotlight on the bad so the public can be informed and enact change.
And this was covered by the local news, which is why you know about it. It deserves nothing more.
Thievery is not a capital offense. Stuff isn't worth killing over.
No, but the victim of either crime would have reasonable cause to believe the act would result in grave bodily injury. Killing the perp would be justified as self-defense.
Not a dinosaur model for the millions of people who don't spend all day trolling the Internet to know what's happening in the world. And what you do find online is usually the result of dinosaur journalists doing work for that dinosaur model.
That idea is promoted most often IMO by young LeBron fans, kids who have had their worldview shaped by LeBron, Kanye, etc. There's a certain part of our society right now that seems eager to prop a certain class of celebrity into American Royalty status, and they can do no wrong (add Jay Z and Beyoncé to that). Not only is it shortsighted, but it's pretty much unamerican.
The media should not be expected or asked to state the obvious.
It's simple. If there is the threat of physical force, either explicit or implicit, then the return of force in kind to the reasonably anticipated threat is justified until there is no longer a threat. So yes, I would expect force if I were the criminal in that situation. If there is no threat of physical force, you cannot justify force. It's an irrational response. It depends on *how* you steal from someone. The theft itself doesn't merit a violent response. There's really no threat of physical harm when a prostitute takes your cash then runs away.
The problem with that is that you don't know the statistics. You're asking the media to report based on an assumption that all is well.
Your problem here isn't with the media, really. It's with the police. They throw up every possible obstacle they can to the media (and the public) getting any information like that. And that's part of the problem. It's not that there are a few bad cops. It's that there are a few bad cops and a rank and file and system that shield those few bad cops from any meaningful investigation. The story from the media is hardly that half of all cops are bad.
That's simply not true. The media is not out to get the police.
That is really not how it works.
Holy shit. Seriously? I cannot believe they'd refuse to lower it with the U.S. flag. That is absurd.
&gt; person(s) breaking into MY home It wasn't his home, and they weren't breaking in.
Not even about protecting stuff here. It was about revenge for taking stuff.
If I'm killed by a neighbor who mistakes me for a criminal breaking in, the fact that the neighbor *might* end up in jail is not really going to help me much.
Let's see video of you. I'm sure it's impressive.
Do people still pretend gamer gate was about ethics in journalism?
Phil: "Did you see how bad Iman and JR were? Cavs are suckers."
It does not. Legally, you do not have the right to take pictures on private property. But you can take pics of things on private property from a public street. Either way, the guy was a douche. If I were in that situation, I'd apologize, delete the pics, calmly pull out of the lot, park legally on the street and take the pics again. Making sure the asshole saw me do it.
It's private property with public access. Even on private property that's open to the public, the owner retains the right to deny photography, which they clearly did here.
http://www.krages.com/ThePhotographersRight.pdf You can assume it's fine until you're told it's not. In this case, he was (by an asshole who went too far in forcing him to delete the pictures, which he can't do). He did nothing wrong in taking the pictures, but there was also nothing illegal about forcing him to stop.
Well, Richard Sherman *is* kind of a dick. But it's still not quite the same. He was a third-round pick, not the self-anointed chosen one who was viewed as potentially the best player ever from the time he was a teenager. Plus, Sherman embraces his villain role. This rule really only applies to people who tattoo their messiah status across their back.
http://deadspin.com/is-pete-carroll-a-9-11-truther-513149713
Roy's just concerned about his keeeids. And also making sure he wins. But mostly the keeids.
That would definitely change things. I assumed he was an employee, who would have the authority to stop it if he knew photography without permission wasn't allowed.
OP said he was not the owner of the car.
&gt; A guy comes over and I assume he's an owner of one of them. He starts by asking if I was looking for anyone. I say no, I was just admiring these cars, and **asked if they were his. He says "No**, but do you have permission to take those pictures?" An employee wouldn't necessarily know if he had permission but could know photography without permission isn't allowed.
And then there's the actual rape part. Women have by far received the short end of the stick here.
Trade pick and Randle for Cousins. Sign Love. That's a pretty solid front court. A healthy Kobe plus those two (and Clarkson and filler) is a team primed for a deep playoff run. Of course, I have no idea if it's even possible, let alone whether Sacramento would do it.
&gt; Wouldn't you guys like a lineup of: &gt; PG) ~~Some FA~~Clarkson &gt; SG) Kobe &gt; SF) Randle &gt; PF) Love &gt; C) Okafor
Certainly wouldn't be a lock for greatness. However, Randle is coming off a serious injury himself, and he's proven nothing. Is he safer than Love? Cousins is a bit of a loose cannon by reputation, but a lot of good players have been. Rodman wasn't exactly sane, and he won three titles with Chicago. And although Okafor doesn't have that kind of reputation, are we sure he can give the Lakers 20/10 every night? It'd be risky, sure, but I think it'd work. Then again, I think Clarkson/Kobe/Carroll/Randle/Love/Okafor works, too. (Don't know what FA looks like, but Carroll and Love, if adding both, would work well IMO, then Randle comes off the bench.)
Except actual rape is still incredibly difficult to prosecute.
These poor, persecuted guys have an easy way out here. Don't have sex with drunk women.
I'd prefer to let cops keep guns but not actually carry them. Keep the guns locked in the car.
I'm not blaming the women, so no. If she can't legally consent, don't sleepy with her. Not hard to avoid.
Oh, I know whom you were referring to. I'm just not going along with your "men are the *real* victims here" obfuscation of the real issue. Yes, sometimes false rape accusations happen. Far more often, real rape has gone and continues to go unpunished.
As someone who played the original EQ mostly solo, I'm all for a game that makes soloing dangerous. Grouping wasn't my thing, but easy soloing isn't, either. The constant danger of playing alone made it more fun.
Probably a good idea.
Especially when this hypothetical offers both. You get a young core that can grow and potentially dominate in Clarkson, Randle and Hezonja. And you also get Cousins. It's not like the Warriors drafted all those guys, either. Bogut, Iguadala and Lee were all guys they signed or traded for. They formed a pretty substantial part of that roster.
Three guys who *might* be as good as we know Clarkson already is (but I wouldn't expect it).
Agree, and LeBron is particularly bad at that IMO.
Anyone who wants to get on the LeBron train (or any train for that matter) needs to learn the history IMO. Far too many people who I assume are young fans proclaiming LeBron the best ever, does things no one else ever has, etc. but they can't put LeBron in accurate context. Yes, he's great. One of the very best ever. But you could still make a legitimate argument that he's just barely in the top 10 all-time quite easily (Jordan, Bird, Magic, Wilt, Russell, Kareem, Kobe, Shaq, Duncan off the top of my head all have legit claims above him IMO). Annoys me to see the history so easily ignored. I'd love to see the NBA put more old footage online. Would really help give context to what we see today.
Speaking of longevity, LeBron has played more games/minutes than both Magic and Bird. He'll pass Jordan (pre-Wizards) in both by the all-star break next year. Anything he does from this point forward is just icing on the cake. He's already had a full career. The GOAT arguments will eventually shift from "what if LeBron had teammates?" to that plus "what if you take out Vird's back, Magic's HIV and Jordan's two early retirements?" because LeBron is likely going to dwarf them all in statistical achievements and cumulative awards (doubt he catches Jordan's six rings, though).
Also why Bird and Magic are often overlooked a bit in discussing the greats. They by all rights should be listed right there with Jordan, Wilt, KAJ, etc. They often are, but not as often as they should be, largely because they stopped being great right around 30.
It's certainly possible, but you also have to factor in his age. He's four rings behind with maybe that many years left before he starts to decline. And that's if he's healthy. With all the minutes he's played, we could conceivably be seeing the last couple years of LeBron being a serious title contender, at least in the sense that he can carry a team mostly by himself to finals appearances. I think he finishes with at most four, and I think three is more likely.
You would think so, but IMO (unpopular opinion maybe) GRRM has often introduced major things without knowing how to resolve them. It's one of his biggest flaws as a writer.
I didn't say they were better. I said you could make an argument. Kobe has five rings. OR put up insane individual numbers. Would I say OR was better? Definitely not. But I don't think you'd be ridiculous to entertain the idea. On Kobe, I'd say LeBron has some catching up to do. They are very different players, and both among the best ever. Kobe's rings carry a lot of weight with me.
I'm talking specific contexts only (such as this subreddit, which IMO has a tendency to lean toward the group you described in that first paragraph). I agree that anyone who knows basketball history knows their place in it. I just have less faith than you do that many fans know it.
Don't disagree with any of that. LeBron has accomplished more, and the eras are totally different. But if LeBron's career ended today, people looking back in 20-30 years could easily make a case that LeBron is in a group behind Jordan, Bird, Magic and Russell (off the top of my head, the four best ever), the same group that includes Wilt, KAJ, OR, Duncan, Shaq, etc. That's if LeBron's career ended now. It isn't. He's going to keep adding to his resume and should get to that top five easily. But IMO it'll still take a lot to jump past anyone in that top four.
Time for California Love part motherfuckin two without Mbah a Moute.
That lineup would suck a fat one.
That's assuming Cousins will stay in Sacramento long enough to win anything there. Good chance he wouldn't. In Okafor, they could add a player capable of replicating much of what Cousins brings but with a better attitude. It won't happen right away, but the Kings aren't in right away mode. They're a bad team with DMC, and they're not likely to get that much better with him IMO.
Win them back … in Seattle!
Jabari did score 30 points one time. And I bet he didn't smile a single time while doing it.
You don't think the No. 2 pick in the draft, the guy many say has the best low-post game of any center prospect since Duncan, could conceivably become that good? Sacramento might want to win now, but they're not even close to being built for that.
Valid point. Doesn't completely negate that dozens of teams have been mired in mediocrity for years at one point or another, though. They could turn things around quickly, but they could also see nothing get better. And in three years, Cousins' contract is up. I'd say two years of lotto picks and a Cousins trade before he becomes a UFA (a Love for Wiggins sort of deal, perhaps? Jayson Tatum will be in that class) is more likely than DMC leading them to a title. I wouldn't really fault them either way.
&gt; A competent GM/owner/coach trio could make great use of that core and bring it to contention in 2-3 years. Therein lies the rub. They're kind of in the same place as the Grizzlies of 2010. Make the right moves, and they could make some noise in a few years. If it were that easy, though…
No. I'm not. *Could.* Okafor is a damn good prospect, and yes, he *could* be on Cousins' level. Maybe better. Or maybe not even close. That is beside the point.
I don't disagree. I don't think trading him would necessarily be the right move. But I also don't know Cousins. I don't know what he thinks about Sacramento. I don't know how well that team can really gel. There are a lot of factors that go into building around him that we just don't know. We also don't know what Okafor will be. Or Randle, for that matter. Both are obviously talented guys with a ton of potential. It's plausible that a scenario could play out where Okafor and Randle together become more valuable than Cousins. The right move could be keeping Cousins. Or it could be trading him to the Lakers for the No. 2, Randle and change. Or it could be neither. IMO there are a lot of defensible moves depending on those factors fans can't know. And either way, the Sonics still won't exist. So screw 'em all.
I'm saying there is more than one way to get to 20/10.
Analytics have gone too far.
Should just do away with divisions then.
It's legally fictional rape.
I'm aware of his reputation and loved following his work during that election, but 538 as a sports website is more often than not a stretch IMO (and yes, I know he also has a background in baseball analytics).
I was excited when 538 was announced, but it's been a huge letdown.
Or a commentary on the absurdity of unpaid internships in corporate America.
I'd forgotten how great that commercial was. And all his commercials, really.
I can't imagine being *that* damn good at something. A room filled with people looking on, awestruck, as I just mess around and *still* am light years better than any of them.
More international talent, arguably worse American talent. And more teams to counter any increase in talent.
Another top recruit Bill Self molded into a star…
Team-oriented players are expected to sign a series of short contracts with player options so they can hold management hostage and resign for more money as often as possible, maybe.
His contract is hardly the only reason the Lakers suck. Losing Gasol, the failed Nash/Howard trades, and LA's inability to draft a single good player in recent memory until Jordan Clarkson have a lot more to do with it.
If you wanna blame Kobe for their inability to land talent in FA, I'd look first at the apparent fact that no one really wants to play with him. They have (and have had) money to spend, but they haven't had any takers. His contract certainly doesn't help, but they haven't been totally without options.
Josh Selby says hi.
I love that they were like "we're going to bring data-based journalism into the mainstream!" But then it's mostly bullshit stories with contrived statistical "analysis" to support that bullshit. The 538 that was supported by The New York Times for election coverage was groundbreaking. The ESPN-supporter version, to the surprise of no one, is less real journalism and lots of gimmicky fluff.
He and Thomas Robinson are BFFs.
I will admit several players see their stock rise at kansas, as well, but other than Wiggins (Self gets basically no credit for that, as he's a generational talent no one could screw up), few of the 20 or so NBA players Self has coached at kansas have done much of anything in the NBA (McLemore has a chance, and the Morrises are solid). Mainly I just find the idea of a top player going to kansas (or Kentucky, or Duke, or UNC, etc) because they think they'll develop better is a joke, and the kids who buy it are buying a load of crap. College coaches play a tiny role in turning elite recruits into NBA players. It's mostly on the player. If anything, Self's relative lack of stars compared to the elite recruits he's signed is a reflection of the kind of player he tends to get and/or the kind of culture that exists at ku, not a reflection of him as a coach.
Self can have Selby and Alexander go from elite recruits to NBA afterthoughts in a year, and he can have guys like Robinson and Wright and Aldrich kind of bust, and recruits still line up to be "developed" by him. Calipari can have one Harrison go mid-second and another undrafted, with Poythress completely off the NBA radar (even pre-injury) after all were ranked in the top 5-10 of their class. But a guy who was the Gatorade NPOY a year ago getting drafted exactly where he would have had he played at an NAIA school for a year means Calipari's a basketball whisperer. Kind of sickens me to see kids buy the crap they get sold. If you wanna go to a school like UK or ku to be part of the tradition or because the basketball-obsessed atmosphere appeals to you, go right ahead. But top recruits citing a path to the NBA? Give me a break.
Lots of this. "My dog is just like any other dog!" for a pitbull or any breed is a good way to raise a bad dog. And it just so happens that a bad pitbull can be a dangerous dog. Not all breeds are created equal. By definition. They were created to be different.
So you find it hilarious that you thought one thing, but it came out in a way that was interpreted differently than you intended?
One of the first stories I ever heard about LeBron (and I might mess this up completely, as its 12+ years later on a second-hand teenage reading of a story): He had already taken to calling himself King James in high school, and he'd get box after box of shoes sent to him by Nike. Shoes he didn't need and maybe didn't even want. Rather than just give them away, he'd make a show of it. Stand up in the cafeteria at school, announce he was giving them away, hold contests. That kind of show. The "hey everybody, I'm doing something good" kind of show. I heard that from a girl who at the time was my girlfriend (and that lasted 10 years; we were in high school at the time). She thought it was awesome. Never did quite sit well with me, either LeBron's supposed actions or how cool she thought it was. Seemed obvious that he was either intentionally or unintentionally making a show of things to put himself publicly in the center of what should have been a selfless act. Or, to use some of your words, a self-styled benevolent king. It's the same sort of mentality that showed in The Decision, a big show of a simple act that he excused because there was a good cause attached. What most people took away, though, is how self-obsessed it looked. And I'm not really even trying to criticize LeBron here. He (like Kobe, and like Jordan) are fascinating people. The way these guys play and the way they carry themselves in everyday life are tied together in a lot of ways and share some of the same root causes. Isolation for Kobe. LeBron…I don't know. But there's gotta be something from his childhood that makes him the way he is. A public sort of isolation resulting from greatness at such a young age. Maybe father issues. Probably other stuff. I'd love to read a book from someone who was given all-access to dig into the pasts of some of the greats to really find out what made them who they are.
Kobe would probably use verbs.
News: Things that happen Politics: A debate about things that happen (or might)
&gt; Doing something for charity ~~like The Decision~~ is something we should all support. The two are mutually exclusive. There are countless ways an athlete of LeBron's profile can raise money for charity that don't make him the center of attention. There was a demand for Honey Boo Boo, and the mother set up a trust so her kids would actually benefit long-term. That doesn't mean it was altogether an admirable show.
No kidding. This isn't doxxing.
The laws will never change to make court documents unavailable to the public. Nor should they.
All of that before Rolling Stone, which is pretty marginal on the list of things he's known for. He's had like eight stories published by them online. None for print. Low-level freelance work.
And as a result won't be available on that site. All it's doing is going through documents already online.
Consent before a lawful search is a bit much.
So you think we can take the money saved by not policing a few hundred pros, we can police millions of kids? And you think the NBA will do that? Because they're the ones saving money by not having rules.
I imagine most people would consider recovery PEDs a bit different than get-stronger PEDs. I'd be all for NBA-sanctioned (not team or personal) doctors prescribing and monitoring certain banned substances for injured players to help with rehab. Make it open, and make it equal. Need help recovering from an injury? Work with league doctors. Want to add muscle mass because you're afraid you're losing a step? Sorry. That's part of getting older. Injury *caused* you to lose a step and you want *more* PEDs to help? Again, sorry. The drugs help you get healthy. You don't get to use them to get better.
Trading Ray Allen for Marbury didn't help. KG with Ray Allen wins a lot more games than with Marbury and the aftermath.
Kemp was better than both^in^my^dreams^where^GP^to^Kemp^alley^oops^play^on^repeat.
I am aware of that. I know the drugs are the same. I never said otherwise. You can use the same drug for two different ends. Medically supervised drug use for the purpose of rehabilitating an injury will not have the same effects as unsupervised use for the sake of getting bigger, faster, stronger to gain a competitive edge.
&gt; Delly is a 39% career 3 point shooter. In the regular season, maybe. What I'm saying: Dellevadova is not a championship-level 3 and D guard for a LeBron-led team.
A fair price for on-demand and live content a la cart without commercials is probably a lot more than you think.
Of course they wouldn't want to. Which is why there would be extremely harsh penalties for those who do. And I'm sure there'd be no way to test whether a guy stopped at the end of rehab or kept going for a month.
He needs to hire a ghostwriter. Give them an outline for where it's going and let them fill in the blanks. Read and alter their attempt as necessary.
It would be one thing if he just decided to stop writing and said as much. He owes his fans the truth if nothing else. GRRM is getting rich off a legion of readers who are holding out hope for something more, and GRRM is happy to encourage that belief. As such, he owes his fans an honest attempt to make that happen.
Depends on what that truth is. But honesty and some resulting unhappiness is better than lies until he dies. If he really does have no intention of finishing, he should hire someone to finish for him and move into a consulting role. Give them an outline to follow and let them fill in the blanks that are taking him so much time. (I believe he did that with the companion book.) There are definitely scenarios where he could pass off the responsibility of writing the books while still retaining creative input and not spurning his many fans.
&gt; designed by focus testing audiences on top of a template I assume you're familiar with George Lucas' affinity for the work of Joseph Campbell. And I assume you know the original movies followed Campbell's heroic journey pretty closely. And I assume you know Campbell's heroic journey is basically the result of thousands of years of focus groups called humanity narrowing in on a universally relatable tale. Dumbed down, of course, but that's the host of it. Star Wars was never about an intricate and groundbreaking plot. It has always relied on a simple story set in a fantastic universe. This one isn't much different.
Also easy to find watches with smaller faces.
EMSK there is no right way to text a girl. Or talk to one. Or have sex with one. People are individuals. And as such, EMSK how to read intended and unintended signs of communication and respond accordingly.
I've also noticed lately (but it's been happening for much longer) that a lot of links are to click bait sites that "borrow" a few choice quotes from other websites and write their own story. Reddit should upvote content creators, not content repurposers. Give the clicks to the sites doing the real work to get the info.
He's full of shit. Do it. Consider a double major in something you'd like to write about. Or even just an undergrad in a different field then a master's in journalism.
Need to go further. Need to let players declare *and get drafted* before making a decision. Until they sign a contract, their eligibility remains (like baseball). Teams would own the rights, but they'd be delayed.
A kid I went to gifted classes with in elementary school won more than my annual salary on Jeopardy in the past week. So like I have been for most of the past 30 years, lately I've been trying to convince myself I really am smart despite current circumstances suggesting otherwise.
Rich people provide value. But probably not enough value to merit anything close to a jump like the one cited.
You described the means to having a job, not acquiring wealth.
I saw $2.69 today in Hermosa. Consistently been around $2.99 at the Shell station I go to.
The Arco (?) on PCH between Aviation and Pier Ave. It's deceptive, though, as I think they charge a BS fee to pay with a card. Don't remember how much as I haven't been there in a while. They're usually the cheapest by a good margin in the parts of the South Bay I frequent.
Calling Gibson's offenses harsh language is kinda glossing over the hate that fueled it. Kind of an important part of it.
I would love to see him retake the record from Gronk. I didn't realize he led all NFL tight ends in playoff touchdowns until last weekend.
And considering how much of his career was played on bad teams, all the more impressive.
It's weird that this seems to be a phenomenon unique to republicans. No democratic candidates have parlayed a failed primary run into a second career that I know of. Mostly they just disappear or go back to what they were already doing.
I don't think I buy that one. I've always felt like the guys convicted probably did it even if the trial was messed up.
He's not Steve Young, but Kap does hold the record for rushing yards by a QB in a game. People are acting like he's dumb, can't make decisions, and just runs really fast in a straight line. But this is still a QB who put up 360+ total yards in a Super Bowl. He can be lethal when used correctly. I just don't buy that he's been figured out and is now useless. We just need to build the appropriate offense around him (which may or may not be Chip's style).
Maybe someone whose alternative is Blaine Gabbert. Kap threw for 300 yards in the super bowl. I'm guessing the list of guys who can say that is pretty short.
Most quarterbacks are not good in that scenario. A good OC works around that.
Same is said for many serial killers.
There's a history of Toledo coaches building there then translating it directly to a P5 program and finding long-term success. I expect Campbell to do well. Not sure what kind of ceiling ISU has, but whatever it is, I bet he reaches it.
Brad Smith.
Actually, now that I think about it, Odom is the obvious choice. Played for us in the '90s, coached in the '00s and '10s as an assistant, and now leads the program. Been a quality representative for the program the entire time and now soand three generations of Mizzou head coaches.
Shouldn't be a problem. If Iowa can be a top 10-15 team, ISU should be able to occasionally flirt with that level.
This. It goes against the reddit consensus, but mandatory reporting laws are nothing new. You don't see teachers or nurses or whoever else is already affected by similar laws being caught up in legal trouble, and you won't with this, either. I don't know how effective mandatory reporting laws really are, and I know they can be a little burdensome for the professionals they affect. (I was a teacher and had a minor incident that required some CYA reporting to administrators, but it went nowhere.) But I've seen basically nothing other than conspiracy theories to actually suggest they're a bad idea.
I am sure her tenure will be rejected and she will not be renewed. Kind of a weak way to deal with it, but it would be more likely to avoid any potential further controversy. Fire her, and maybe there's a threat of a (BS) wrongful termination suit or some other kind of protest. Not granting tenure or renewing her contract, though, means she more likely leaves quietly.
Also completely unsupported.
A lot of people were less upset with the inaction than they were pointing out that in different situations, the action may have been swift and violent. This was absolutely the right way to handle it. If only law enforcement would show as much restraint and level-headedness more often.
If the recruiting services don't turn him into a five-star player, Kuligowski will.
I think there'd be at least as many "anyone but Trump" voters as there would be "anyone but Clinton." Hilary isn't going to excite a lot of people, but Trump terrifies quite a few.
This is by far the closest we've ever come to giant douche vs. turd sandwich.
Opposition to Trump isn't only about his policies. People hate the man.
"I really don't like Hillary" vs. "Trump terrifies me and/or would be an international embarrassment."
That has nothing to do with safe spaces.
Not the same thing.
That's not exactly the media artificially picking a story line that's trendy. It's just a batshit crazy politician—by far the most batshit we've ever had—who happens to be the republican nominee for president. The coverage is unfortunately important.
Jokes aside, both satire and journalism are protected usages of trademarks. If you're reporting on or joking about a company, you can use their logos, slogans, etc.
Seems completely unrelated to me. The school year just ended, so it seems like the natural time for people to move on. One is retiring and another is getting a better job. He's also been interviewing for outside jobs for at least the past four years.
One dean leaving for a better job. One dean retiring. One dean, who was named in a lawsuit the day before resigning, choosing to teach instead. All resigning within a week or two of the end of the year, when resignations make sense. Attributing it to Mizzou's declining reputation is a stretch. All are perfectly logical without adding in the assumptions.
Exactly. HUGE difference between a flop and a sell.
So still a crime, but it seems quite a bit different than actually hunting the bear down and poaching it. Still should be illegal because it encourages a market for bear parts, but I'm not quite as morally appalled as if someone went out with the intent to kill it.
Generally speaking, I'm willing to tolerate a decent amount of crazy in creative geniuses. Whatever makes a mind work in such a way that it can create things we love also seems to make otherwise absurd notions seem OK. I don't expect any of them to be normal. I just expect them to not hurt anyone. If he was having sex with her when she was 12, obviously this would fall into that category. If she was 15 when that started, it's bordering on the point where I kinda just shrug.
Renly was a dick. Stannis was also a dick. Robert was a dick before them both. The Lannisters are dicks. The Mad King was a dick. Pretty much any system that relies on kings either inheriting the throne or winning it through bloodshed is going to guarantee most of the people running things are dicks. Even the "good" ones do dick things. Rhaegar started a war that tore the country apart by running away with a girl set to marry someone else. Even the version most favorable to Rhaegar is pretty dickish on his part. This is largely why Jon is widely viewed as the hero of the story IMO. He's a person of influence who hasn't been a dick—and not coincidentally, his power was not handed to him by birth or won by conquest. He earned it.
Book Stark daughters: stereotypes Show Stark daughters: complex characters
Still crazy to me how Denver blew up what they had a few years ago with Massai and Karl running things.
Six years into their careers, they were putting up similar numbers (scoring, at least). Bargnani suffered a couple injuries and hasn't been very good since, and Aldridge has maintained that success, but talent wasn't really Bargnani's problem. He hasn't been able to stay healthy for more than about half a season since then. You can't fault a GM for picking a talented 7-footer who hits his peasants then is plagued by injuries.
True. But they earned it in such a way that resulted in countless deaths of powerless people. The "they have it; I want it; I will kill people until it's mine" method of earning power is pretty dickish.
Sorry, but no. Capitalism encourages competition. Bloodshed and birthrights are not inherent parts of capitalism.
&gt; the pretty popular girl with her nose in the air &gt; the lovable tomboy with the heart of a lion &gt; a naive, stuck up princess Perhaps I'm wrong, but the reliance on stereotypes to describe the books' characterizations of Arya and Sansa don't exactly support the idea that they were complex characters.
I'm talking more about cutting ties with the guys who put the team together than the players themselves. Only other significant departure from the roster was Corey Brewer. To be fair, that was not a team built to win a championship, so to an extent blowing things up made sense, but not at the front office level.
I've read them all. And Sophie Turner does more to add depth to Sansa than GRRM does IMO.
Agreed, and it's not like we used to have parity anyway. The '80s were basically the Celtics and Lakers. The Sixers early and the Pistons late challenged, but that's not parity. The '90s were all Bulls except when Jordan was retired. Then the Lakers took over. Then the Spurs. Then LeBron. Sure, things get mixed up occasionally, but the great teams tend to stay great for a while, the mid-level teams rarely move up to greatness, and the bad teams stay bad until they find their own generational talent. Basketball has been that way for a while.
If you get a degree based on what you think will have the best return on the investment, you probably will end up unhappy. Get a degree in something you're good at and that you enjoy. Not to get all "if you love your job, you'll never work a day in your life" on you, but you're not going to maximize a degree's value if you're not passionate about the field or particularly good at it.
Eh. He was selling the New England ties and the Notre Dame name. Recruiting well should have been easy. It's not really a reflection of his ability to land coveted players. All the guys mentioned in the post you replied to, for what it's worth, were inherited anyway. When the Patriots shine wore off and he was no longer selling the Notre Dame name, he was a mediocre recruiter at best.
And a standup comedian with a notoriously grating voice at that.
Compare his recruiting at kansas to the recruiting by the coaches who preceded him. It got worse when Weis showed up, not better. Would I expect top 25 classes? No. But I would expect better than the 50-75 range of he were really an outstanding recruiter. It's not that he didn't recruit as well at kansas as he did at Notre Dame. It's that he didn't recruit as well at kansas as the coaches before him did. Reality is he sold his Super Bowl rings and the Notre Dame tradition to land recruits early. When he didn't have that to sell, recruiting fell off in a major way, not just in the overall rankings but relative to his immediate peers at comparable programs. He didn't recruit significantly better than Willingham at Notre Dame, and he didn't recruit better than Mangino or Gill at kansas.
Poor choice of words, but I don't think he meant it would be easy for Boston to win. More like it's easy to see a scenario in which Boston + Durant is the better team, which I think is true.
Especially when you factor in their draft picks. They could conceivably add Durant AND another star via trade.
Third pick is often a contributor right away. And the third pick can easily net them a major contributor via trade.
They've continued to get worse largely because of damage done while Weis was there. They've never been a powerhouse, but the depths they've reached are abnormal even by their standards. Mangino (and Glen Mason before him) proved you can build a decent program there. A great recruiter wouldn't have trouble getting at least some talent there. Weis never did.
Can't help but wonder what the Cavs would look like with Wiggins right now. I never liked that trade, and it clearly hasn't worked out all that well. That pushes JR to 6th man and Shumpert further down the bench where they belong. Could also have then traded Kyrie. Instead, the Kyrie/Love/LeBron experiment probably ends this year with at least one if not both traded after this season. Doubt they'll get anything comparable to what they could've had if they kept Wiggins and traded Kyrie two years ago.
The general consensus is usually not that smart. People were in love with the "big three" concept after Boston and Miami made it work to win three titles between them. What people forget is that those teams actually fit together well. You can't just throw three random stars together and expect it to work. Kyrie/Love/LeBron just don't complement each other that well. Trading Kyrie and keeping Wiggins would've been a much smarter move.
Total seasons really doesn't matter. Jordan played in an era when players went to school for at least a few years. Coming out of high school was virtually unheard of. And Jordan sat out multiple seasons that would've still been at or near his prime. LeBron deserves credit for being great so young and staying healthy, but you can't make the direct comparison on numbers alone.
I feel like LeBron's destiny should have been the greatest No. 2 guy of all time. He's not wired like Jordan. More like Magic. And although Magic is obviously one of the greatest the game has ever seen, he was the No. 2 to Kareem for most of the '80s.
It's been two years, actually.
Not a coincidence that LeBron's championships came with Pat Riley's influence.
With the current roster, I don't see it. But if he were put in a situation where he didn't have quality teammates (say a couple left in FA and the team was hit with injuries to Klay/Draymond), I could see him hitting that number. Might just start pulling up from 35 feet a few times/game.
It's not a lie if you believe it.
This is pretty insulting. For one, it relies on the idea that black people succeed in sports because they grew up poor. That assumption in itself is problematic. Second, attributing athletic success to "persistence hunts"? Really? Why not just say black people are fast because they practice running from lions? Third, it ignores the fact that rich people also pursue athletics. You think there aren't countless white people who would love an Olympic gold in the 100m dash? Who wouldn't love to play cornerback in the NFL? Even if your "running is cheaper" theory were true, all that would do is level the playing field. It would not explain the huge disparity we actually see. The truth is that certain ethnic groups do have different physical advantages on average. Genetics are absolutely among the biggest factors in determining elite athletic performance. There's nothing racist at all about acknowledging that (can't say the same about inventing faux sociological explanations that rely on stereotypes).
http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/04/why-kenyans-make-such-great-runners-a-story-of-genes-and-cultures/256015/ This makes a decent case against that pseudo-science explanation. Plus … generations after generations suggests ancestry matters, which is a genetic explanation of it. If it were just the altitude, you could transplant anyone at birth and they'd receive the same benefits. And although elite athletes do train at elevation, there isn't a correlation between where they grew up and their eventual athletic performance.
I'm actually loving that I feel certain *something* is up with her but that none of the competing theories seems significantly more plausible than the next. It's rare that I've watched this show and not at least had a guess for what was happening. For once, I feel completely in the dark on a storyline I *know* is going to have some major twist and, and I'm just excited to see what happens.
That's one paragraph in the review and not the basis for the low rating.
You don't have to be bought and paid for to realize Trump is a buffoon who would be bad for America.
Exactly. Corruption and human rights issues (or whatever was wrong with the World Cup) are entirely different than a burgeoning viral epidemic that infects our ability to produce healthy offspring.
Especially considering the hundreds of thousands of hookups that happen at Olympic village every year. Those athletes fuck.
I suppose if you don't count forcibly displacing thousands of poor people (with little to no compensation) to build soccer stadiums, then you have a point. Personally, I find that pretty despicable.
Good for him. The newspaper industry has been decimated by the Internet. They can't afford to give their work away for free.
Until that happens (good luck; people like being paid for their work), the NY Times needs to find a way to make money.
It is free. You just have to accept ads. The New York Times isn't exactly infecting people with malware and full of intrusive pop up ads. There's less reason to use ad blocker there than some random no-name site.
Wasn't disagreeing with you (although I think small fees would be acceptable, as was the norm before print went online). Lots of people believe news should be free. And a lot of those people also hate ads. Just pointing out that you can't really have it both ways.
Professional wrestling comments in /r/NBA
I've never been a registered member of any party. And I've never been denied a vote in any primary. But I'd be totally fine if I were. The party should be able to decide who represents the party. If you don't want to register, that's on you.
I'm aware of that. Caucuses are stupid, I agree. And there are a handful of closed primaries. But the system isn't and shouldn't be set up to cater to independents.
Jezebel and many other Gawker-owned sites do good work, as well. They're not going to cease to exist. They're going to change ownership. Hopefully it helps weed out the bad.
Or a steady stream of people going from one TacoBell to the other all day to get free food.
Pretty much the norm for LeBron in Cleveland. He needs Wade.
Agree 100%. Spo/Riley is the only time LeBron has had anyone who could tell him what to do or help him through difficult parts of a game (you know, coaching). What's Blatt gonna say to LeBron? Lue? Those guys are yes-men to LeBron. He doesn't need that. Just like Jordan, Shaqand Kobe needed Phil to fully harness their potential, LeBron needs a great coach. Lue definitely isn't it.
If my neighbor is arrested for murder, I want to know about it. I don't care about a conviction. Further, your suggestion means all trials are secret trials. That's good for nobody, including the wrongfully accused.
For what? They didn't do anything wrong.
He wasn't defamed, so he'd have no case regardless of how strong the laws were.
Who spread misinformation? The stuff reported was publicly available information and was fact.
Mind of Magic. Body of Malone. GM/coaching ability of Isiah.
I imagine all the people who don't get this are the types of guys who give themselves nicknames.
Agree except the Witness ads were pretty badass after the way he decimated the Pistons singlehandedly.
Phil was the mastermind, and Kobe had the ability to let him be the mastermind. He trusted his coach to make it work, and it did. LeBron seems to have trust issues. Doesn't trust his coaches. Doesn't trust his GM. Doesn't trust his teammates (except old spot-up shooters and Wade). He puts it all on his own shoulders too often, which doesn't work no matter how good he is. Guys like Kobe and Jordan were not exactly great teammates, but it's largely because they demanded more from teammates than they thought they could give. That doesn't win friends, but it does make you better. LeBron seems to also set high standards, but he has a different way of expressing that and a different way of dealing with it when his teammates don't meet them, IMO, and it's not a way that tends to build champions.
They don't give themselves nicknames. And their nicknames aren't expressions of the belief that they are inherently superior to everyone else.
The trophy for everyone thing isn't actually even a thing.
At this point I'm assuming 90% of this sub is behind bars.
Opposite of basketball's out of bounds rule, but the same as scoring. The ball has to pass all the way through the hoop to count.
No one doubts what he's capable of. Everyone knows how great he can be. The doubt is about his exact place in history (at the top or just near it).
I, like most people, was pretty disappointed in how this episode played out, and there are plenty of other criticisms I have for this season (Dorne, still no LSH, Cleganebowl now seemingly on hold, etc). But as much as I dislike a lot of the choices the writers make, I will give them credit for making them. GRRM has had years to figure out the best way to resolve all these plots, and he can't seem to do it. The show, for better or worse, is simplifying a lot of things and making easy choices to move the story forward. Could it be better? Of course. And it probably would be of GRRM had been able to give them more source material to work with.
Agreed. I heard on a podcast (don't remember which one) that the writers have said before that the timelines don't all match up because trying to make everything work out like that would result in a bogged down story while different parts of the story caught up. But I've only heard that once from a relatively obscure source. The show doesn't do a good job of explaining time at all.
Cleganebowl went from Westerosi Super Bowl to Westerosi Pro Bowl.
&gt; the waif, preparing to kill her, would say "Valor Margoulis," and Arya would say, "Not today." Then she could cut the candle... That would've been so badass…
I'd bet on a version of that. Millennials *think* they don't care about gender. With race, recent polls have shown we as a generation are just as racist about parents despite what we say we believe.
Seems like every time something bad happens to a black kid, the parents are to blame.
Linking the original story with the quote. Published by Automobile. http://www.automobilemag.com/news/porsche-really-wants-mission-e-stomp-tesla/ Really bothers me when one person does the actual work and someone swoops in repurposes their interview.
What the media did is use a quote he wishes he didn't say. In the full original story, he makes it clear that he's retiring because he feels too far behind the others. The quotes were very clearly not about how it would be too hard to catch up in a week. He's talking about the NFL in general and how he felt mentally behind having never played. This is simply damage control by Hayne. He feels like the interview made him look dumb, so he's accusing the media of malfeasance.
I once transcribed an interview that led to a story that made it look like an athlete was hinting at some racist views. He claimed things were taken out of context. Funny thing is, I had the context, and the real context made him look much worse. It's easy for someone to point fingers at the media after the story publishes. Journalists will rarely come back and defend themselves; a war of credibility with sources just makes both parties look worse. Generally speaking, "that was out of context" means the person regrets what they said or didn't realize how it would make them look. I do agree that the headline suggesting Chip Kelly's playbook specifically was too complicated was not quite right. What he really said was football in general was difficult for someone who didn't grow up playing it. He flat-out said he believes he could do it if he had more background with the sport but he lacks the background knowledge to really succeed.
Slur isn't the right word. Some people have a preference, but it's closer to the difference between black and African-American. Polls have shown that about 2/3 of Hispanic or Latino Americans prefer Hispanic, but often country of origin is preferred over either. Not surprising. As is often the case with labels, they vastly oversimplify things. Someone whose origins are in the southern tip of Argentina will likely have little in common with someone from Tijuana, but in the U.S. they'd likely be labeled the same way. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hispanic–Latino_naming_dispute
Disrespecting an officer isn't and shouldn't be a fireable offense. There is a process in place at Mizzou for terminating employees. They didn't follow the process in firing Click. For that, they should absolutely be criticized. She clearly deserved it (assaulting a student), but there's no reason it had to happen this way. Those rules exist for a reason. Getting rid of Click may have been a popular decision overall. But what about a less controversial professor they want to get rid of? Will they skirt the rules then, too? You don't get to choose when the rules apply based on public sentiment.
You must have a lot of sadistic friends.
Yep. Information like that wouldn't disqualify him, but that information could affect how the defense tried their case. Clearly just a technicality in this case that had no effect on the result. But still important to do things right.
I'm often on the side of the complainants in these sorts of things, but … &gt; It is your responsibility as educators to listen to student voices. What the hell? No. No, it's not an educator's responsibility to listen to student voices. It's an educator's responsibility to teach the subject material. If the students don't like it, they can find a different private school to cater to their desires. "The customer is always right" works for Walmart. It shouldn't be how things work in the goddamn Ivy League.
Yale doesn't need to worry about losing a few "customers." As someone else noted, their endowment is well into the billions. A couple hundred thousand Liston tuition isn't going to cause them to bat an eye.
Or in this case, the syllabus. If you don't like what the class is going to teach, don't take the damn class.
There's a world of difference between being open to new ideas and caving to demands from individual students. When these students say they want professors to "listen" to them, they're not talking about having an open dialogue about the merits of including other authors. They're saying they want to dictate what is being taught. And to a point, yes, if you're paying for an education, you should be able to choose what you learn. But if what they want to learn is different from the established curriculum, take a different class. Go to a different school. Make different choices that better suit your interests. Don't try to reinvent history and impose that on everyone else.
I don't know, but that sounds incredibly stupid. The entitlement of these sorts of people is astounding. You do not go to an Ivy League school because you want to change it. You go to an Ivy League school because they have some of the most brilliant professors in the world and because it's an opportunity to associate with historical and contemporary genius. You're going to be part of something established. Not to make something new.
Trying to attribute human ideas of consent on the animal kingdom is beyond dumb. By human standards, animals are rapists and murderers and all kinds of horrible things. It's important to treat animals humanely and all that, but c'mon…
Brice Johnson won't be able to score in the post because he has rounded shoulders. I have no idea what that means, but I bet the scout who said it has a subscription to AARP magazine.
I really wish I could like LeBron. Such a talented, classy dude. But there's just always been something abut him I didn't like.
Without even clicking on it, I was sure the Porters would be playing for him.
More background: Romar is MPJ's godfather. The influence is as strong as it's gonna be. He's a virtual lock for UW unless Romar gets fired. More likely it's a move to prepare him for the next level.
It would work out well for NBA teams and for college coaches, but the players themselves don't gain anything from it. International draft-and-stash players get paid while they wait. A college player would not. Why would someone like Davis be better served by staying at MSU than he would on the Memphis bench? If that was an attractive option for him, he would've just stayed at MSU in the first place. Yes, he would be better when he eventually gets to the NBA, but it would be better for him to just wait to declare, get drafted higher and get paid more a year or two later. If I'm a college player who gets drafted and they try to tell me I have to play for free in college another year instead of get my payday, I tell them to F off and trade me to someone who will pay me. Izzo's point that a draft-and-stash option might make college players more attractive isn't wrong, but that's a highly UNattractive option for an American player. They declare because they want to get paid, not so a team can grab their rights and force them to stay in school for unpaid training.
That team wins more than 30 IMO. Sacramento won 33 last year, and I think that roster is better than the Kings. Edit: Or compare to the Lakers three years ago. Won 27 with Meeks, Young, Marshall, Johnson and Gasol as the five guys playing the most minutes.
Yes, international players are more prominent now than they were in 1987. But back then, the NBA was 23 teams, and they weren't filling roster spots with teenagers who weren't ready to play. So I'd say no, LeBron's competition isn't better.
And you could absolutely hammer people at the basket and only draw a common foul. Jordan didn't have to play against zone defense, but he played in an era that was often much more physical. LeBron has never had to deal with someone like the Bad Boy Pistons. I suspect that Jordan in today's era gets a lot more assists. He's impossible to guard one on one, and he feasts at the rim or sets up teammates for easy baskets. Might average 29/6/9 instead of 33/6/6.
He'd physically be able to handle it. Mentally? I doubt it. Not without a major change to his game.
It actually wasn't that much faster. A few possessions per game on average. And when you adjust for pace, Jordan's assist numbers are not far behind LeBron's. No reason to believe he couldn't average more in 2016 than he did in his prime.
Yeah. I know. Hence: &gt; when you adjust for pace, Jordan's assist numbers are not far behind LeBron's. 2.5 assists per 100 is not that significant (roughly 1.8 per game). More important, when you adjust Jordan's assists to per 100 and control for a modern pace, the numbers barely change. The pace the Bulls played was not significantly faster than what teams play now.
OK? What's that have to do with Jordan's assists going up if he played today?
He's the worst. He's also latched on hard to the "Mizzou football protests were all based on a hoax!" mantra and played that "controversy" for clicks for the past six months when most rational people have moved on. Sadly, there are a lot of irrational people, and they're why people like him have a platform.
&gt; ~~reporting~~ writing with zero evidence. He doesn't report. Reporting is the act of gathering evidence. He just writes whatever bullshit opinion will piss off the right people to keep him employed.
With the roster they could potentially have, they'll likely have a title or two, and I doubt they'll care much about a crippling cap situation.
It also doesn't factor in endorsements. Players make millions in NBA salary. The best can make double or triple that in added income. Durant no doubt makes bank there, as well, but there's always the argument that he'd make more in other markets. IMO, though, winning is what ultimately matters for his endorsement success. Another MVP or two plus a coupe rings will earn him a lot more than what he'd be leaving on the table if he left OKC.
I would add longevity to those two. A lot of guys are durable and consistent for a normal amount of time, but eventually they lose a step because everyone does, and they can't adjust. Rice never really had that issue. No, his prime didn't last forever, but he adjusted his game to fit what he could still do. He was doing things in his late 30s and into his 40s that a lot of great receivers struggle to do in their early 30s. To match Rice, a player would have to avoid injuries, be consistent and find a way to do that well past the normal career length. (I realize that doesn't apply as much to the 11 years stat, but I like pointing out Rice's late career productivity anyway.)
To each their own, but ASOIAF is not literature IMO. It's a good story that's occasionally poorly written ("where do whores go?") and occasionally really good. It's certainly not on the level of the great authors of the 20th century.
A search may have helped him see that it was already posted, but it wouldn't do a thing for anyone else who hadn't seen it or thought of it yet. Maybe you have searched for every possible theory and discovered all the old posts, but most haven't. For many people, these posts, reposts though they may be, show them something new. You wonder what's the point of a search bar if people just repost things. I'd ask you what's the point of a community if everyone were to rely on the archives and never discuss anything that was already discussed before.
I'm OK with that if it means we have cheap and easy access to existing medicine and advancements in other areas. It's not like we're dying left and right from curable diseases today, and it's not like all research will stop.
You can save the hostility and direct that energy toward actually looking at the numbers. The Bulls averaged 94.725 possessions per game throughout Jordan's career. The Bulls *this season* averaged 95.7 possessions per game. Those are the actual numbers from basketball reference. **Jordan's Bulls did not play a significantly faster pace than teams play today. You are wrong.**
You can cherry pick stats and dig your stilettos in all you want, but the fact is the average for Jordan's Chicago career is not out of place in today's NBA. The league average pace this year was 95.8 possessions per game. Jordan's Bulls played faster than that four years. Their pace, for about the fifth time, was not faster than what is normal today. Even their fastest years wouldn't be the fastest this season. Jordan's stats were not inflated by an NBA that played faster.
League average pace in 2015-16: 95.8 Chicago played faster than that four times in Jordan's career. This was the fastest season in some time, but Jordan's Bulls were still within the normal range for recent seasons. On the high end, but not outside the pace modern teams often play. And of course, even if you were right (you're not, and the numbers prove it), you're talking about an extra four or five total possessions per game, which is maybe three extra possessions for Jordan. Three extra possessions with Jordan on the floor doesn't distort his stats in any meaningful way. Add an extra 3% to his numbers. You. Are. Wrong. But I hope your ignorance brings you bliss.
Take a statistics class and get back to me. Yes, his teams were faster than the league average in most recent seasons, but they were not faster than the teams at the top end. Their pace would fit in fine with the modern NBA without being an outlier. And, once again, you're talking about a pace difference that *maybe* adds 3% to his totals. Slightly more than that of you compare his fastest seasons to the slowest in recent years. Either way, it's a minuscule difference. Simple fact is his stats were not inflated by his team's pace. And all this because you apparently take offense to the hypothetical suggestion that Jordan might average a couple more assists per game if he played today if teams used zone defenses to prevent a few shots at the basket. I have no idea why that suggestion is so hurtful for you, but I suggest you get a hobby. Maybe a girlfriend. Something to brighten your day a little bit.
No matter how many times you want to assert Jordan's teams played at a faster pace, you're still wrong. Many teams today play just as fast or faster. The numbers prove that. This isn't and never has been about whether Jordan was better than your boy. From the start, it was about how Jordan's productivity in his prime would translate to the modern NBA based on defensive rule changes. Yes, the general trend in the 2000s has been for teams to play slightly slower on average, but that has a small effect on Jordan's numbers. Compare his per 36 (not adjusted for pace) to his per 100. The difference between him and LeBron is not significant. LeBron's edge in per 100 assists is about 2% greater. That's about how much pace helped Jordan. 2%. Other factors, however, are far more relevant. The change to hand checking on the perimeter, the way fouls are called under the basket and the changes to illegal defense rules all are far more important factors (ones you apparently don't get). Defenders would have even more trouble staying in front of Jordan than they did back then (already a virtually impossible task), and it'd be harder to stop him at the rim. But because teams could help earlier, that would increase his opportunities to assists. So, yes, no matter how hard you want to argue, his assists would likely go up had he played under today's rules. (Note: No one ever said he'd "casually" average 9 assists per game. It's not about the game being easy for him. It's about the greatest who ever played adjusting to a different style of defense.) None of which I expect you to understand. You clearly aren't old enough to have ever seen Jordan play, and you have a tenuous grasp on the sport as it is. My advice to you: Grow up. You're acting like a child.
&gt; many teams do not Facts don't lie. You, however … I'm not suggesting age is a virtue. I am, however, suggesting that your point of view isn't based on actually watching players play, that your knowledge of the rules and how they affected players back then is nonexistent, and your understanding of statistics is based on what you learned in high school. You don't get numbers. No shame in that. But you're wrong. The numbers you yourself are citing are proof of that.
&gt; how do you think the Bulls, who averaged higher than the first four years and were rougly equal his last few years of Jordan's first stint, would not fall into one of the fast paced teams in the league? 1. I never said they wouldn't be one of the fastest teams in the NBA. I said they weren't significantly faster than the fastest today. Which is true. 2. You keep citing his first four years. Check the origin of this thread. 1987-1993. His first three seasons aren't even included in this discussion. They're irrelevant. So other than missing the point and using stats that don't matter, spot on.
Can Miguel Sapochnok direct all of the rest of the show please?
Well, they're only cousins, so they could just get married. No reason Queen in the North has to be off the table.
No, I'm not, which is why I can handle the time jumps. I suspect most of the people who complain about it aren't too bright, though.
Davos and Tyrionhavent met, have they? I'm really looking forward to these two interacting.
I'd like to see Sansa end up in charge of Riverrun or the Eyrie. She has ties to both (stronger ties to Riverrun). The Lords of both are imprisoned/incompetent children.
That's ridiculous. You expect people to use the search for topics they haven't even considered? How do you not see how unrealistic that is? You can't search for something you don't even know exists. The point of this community is to discuss the song of ice and fire, and the community decides what to discuss based on their own votes. If a recycled theory gets up voted to the front, then obviously the community members deem it worthy of attention again. "New" is irrelevant.
Cisse was also 6-9, not 7-1.
Rick Stansbury is one of the top recruiters in the country. (I resisted the urge to substitute dollar signs for the esses. MFer is dirty as hell.)
Durant measured 6-9 before the draft. Cousins was 6-9.5.
Any career numbers comparison is meaningless considering Jordan sat two years of his prime. LeBron is great. One of the best ever. That's not ever in question. Trying to use numbers like this to make any point beyond that is a stretch.
He needs to complete 34/41 to get the record back (based on his average of 41 attempts per game). Not impossible, but that's better than his best game on the season.
I hope he mounts a primary challenge (assuming Trump makes it that far).
Should have moved on from Baalke a year ago then.
Taggart. And he's part of Harbaugh's Stanford coaching tree.
Can you share a few? You know, for the good of the SEC East.
Yes.
Sounds like a waste of $5. Fine for proofreading a paper before you turn it in. Anything more important than that, pay a professional a real rate. Edit: Just looked at the highest-rated proofreader on that site. He had errors in his own bio. There's no way to verify the legitimacy of the reviews or the truthfulness of the claims sellers make. Like I said, fine for something simple. And I realize the suggestion wasn't serious. But these places should never be serious options for real work. It devalues the job and the people who do it.
&gt; now Russia gets to hold themselves up as protectors of freedom by sheltering him, while the mainstream media concocts fake news about Russia's role in exposing American wrongdoing through wikileaks. Until Russian journalists stop dying, they can't really claim the moral high ground here.
Is an extra year really going to be the difference between first or second round and potentially undrafted? If he has that much potential, someone will take him.
What leads you to believe those things would be fixed with another year? Or that an NFL team couldn't fix them just as well? Obviously he'd get paid more on his first contract if he fixed them before leaving school, but if he has the physical and mental potential and the willingness to work to maximize both, he'll be fine as long as he gets a shot to make a team. If he lacks any of those, another year wouldn't make a difference.
I get not using team success, but what's wrong with looking at advanced stats for ROY?
It's no more a punishment than not giving them hypothetical stats during their injured year. Injuries suck, but they happen, and they have consequences. Playing in college longer is different because you're not training under an NBA staff. Practice hours and contact are limited. You have other responsibilities. Your life is completely different.
Does Virginia Tech's offense require players to do that, though? Lynch was beat out by a second-year seventh rounder in Denver after playing in the same offense for a few seasons.
The long-term viability likely will rely on autonomous rides. Once that's possible—and the tech is close—they can cut out drivers entirely. I believe Uber is investing heavily in this.
It's important to note that Ford is still shifting production of the Focus to Mexico. They're just not building a plant to do it.
Tell that to the baby boomers sharing fake news on my Facebook feed every day.
Easier to do when middle class families could support themselves on one paycheck. My mom didn't start working until I was in seventh grade, and only then it was because my parents got divorced. Family of six supported on one middle class job. Not possible for a lot of families now.
This sort of thing makes me sick. I'm fine with people earning money, but this guy is making twice my yearly salary and then some every couple weeks to do nothing. And ticket prices are too high for normal middle class families to really go to games. The economies of professional sports are beyond the point of the absurd. It's a major turnoff for me.
At $3.5 million/year, he won't be looking to move anytime soon.
Mizzou's quarterback for 2017 is a kid we stole from Western Michigan, Rey Estes. Fleck just offered him at Minnesota. Please don't steal him back.
I believe so.
I feel like I've already won.
Auto payments from a dedicated account, yo. A set portion of each paycheck gets deposited into a checking account that I use solely for student loans. Payment is automatic. Deposits are automatic. I check the account once every few months to make sure nothing weird happened, but nothing ever does because nothing else ever gets paid from that account. Don't even have a debit card for it anymore. The whole thing more or less happens out of sight. It's almost like I don't have debt sometimes because I never even see the money that went in there. Much easier on the psyche than actually writing a check for that loan every month for 10 years.
&gt; It's more than just Klosterman and Lowe. Jonathan Abrams is gone, Wesley Morris is gone, Charles Beard is gone, Kirk Goldsberry is gone, and the list can go on. Yes, Browne wrote essentially Ringer articles, but he's a good writer. The Ringer is essentially the scraps of Grantland with a slightly different direction, which many people do not like. Agree completely. The Ringer is Grantland minus several of the top talents. Grantland was special because they had some elite writers who were given a platform to explore the medium. The Ringer is less so because it's given that same freedom to much less talented people overall.
I kind of feel the opposite but for similar reasons. Decent number of whiny Mizzou fans after Odom went 4-8 in his first year. They wanted Rhule. If he does well, that only justifies their anger further. Sorry, Baylor, but I'm gonna be directing bad vibes your way for my own sanity.
Yeah, mine are set up so they're a paycheck ahead. And every paycheck deposits an extra $50-$100 more than I actually need, so there's a growing buffer. Regardless ... if you have a bunch of student debt but also have a steady income to pay it off, it's nice if you can find a way that works for you to pay it off automatically and never even see the money. Really eases the pain. I miss those hundreds of dollars per month less this way than if I had to manually send the money to the government.
This plus transferring credit card debt to a new card with zero interest on transfers for a couple years has made managing the debt I piled up as a student much more manageable. Or at least much less stressful. Will be out from under credit card debt within the next year, and when the student loans are gone, it will feel like an additional 10% after-tax raise (give or take).
Ford's investment here is also about their EV future.
Well when Trump does it constantly, why not?
Difference being this is a concrete example of something that can in no rational way be attributed to Trump. A lot of the Bush blaming was spinat least partially based on evidence. Maybe some of it was selective evidence, but you could at least make an argument more often than not. You really can't make an argument on this. It was a plan that started well before Trump was even in the picture. He has nothing to do with it, but people are trying to make this about him anyway.
I went to that sub when looking to buy a gift for my girlfriend. Their recommendations were mainly to sites that cost about 10 times what Victoria's Secret cost (literally). And several agreed that if someone bought them anything from VS, they'd question the relationship. So not at all helpful, really.
If I were a spy and wanted to discredit something like this well in advance of it becoming public, I'd absolutely post things on 4chan that I could point to months later to make it seem like a hoax. "See! 4chan planned it months ago!"
As you might have noticed, these are not 10 cent goldfish they bought at a pet store. These people know what they're doing, and they have a vested interest in making sure they don't end up dumping thousands of dead fish into the lake.
I'm mainly seeing comments from informed people suggesting a very *low* mortality rate. Only ones suggesting the opposite seem to be guessing.
The same is true of the generation or two before them in a lot of ways. One of my grandpas was born sometime between 1910 and 1920. Went to college but didn't actually use his degree (geological sciences or something, worked one year for an oil company then quit to work in a farm and run a small-town bank; bad decision, grandpa). In a small town, he supported a family on a single salary and made most of his income at a job that didn't require a degree. My other grandpa worked his entire career in government (mix of forest service and aid jobs in DC). Neither grandma ever worked, or they worked very little. Both retired with good benefits. The boomers didn't start that. They just ruined it for the rest of us.
I do think he gets on Twitter and creates outrage as a distraction from more important issues, but that's the extent of him being a "mastermind."
And perhaps first before any of that, his refusal to release his tax returns. That should have been an immediate sign that there were dealings he didn't want people to know about.
Mark Cuban maybe.
Every time I see a gif like this, I just think about how my dog would eat them.
The anger some people have for reposts is so odd. Especially from an account like /u/Exicu that doesn't generate new content. I've seen this picture before. I laughed at it then. I laughed at it today. If people don't want to see it, downvote it and move on. If the upvotes outweigh the downvotes, guess what? More people are glad they saw it this time than are angry that it got posted again. And if they're going to complain about too many reposts, maybe they should contribute OC of their own. It's like these people don't realize the internet isn't just for them. There are other people here, too. And the "original" he's citing is itself a repost: https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5h3v4e/like_father_like_son/daxcx51/
Quarterback or Alabama running back. Only one non-QB or Alabama running back has won it since the '90s (Bush). In the '90s, though, we had four running backs from non-Alabama schools, a receiver/returner and a defensive back. In the '80s, we had seven non-QBs. I think the award is much more interesting when it isn't almost always a best QB/best RB on the best team award.
It's a complex sentence with an introductory subordinate clause, so yes, there should be.
I find dick jokes distasteful, and no billionaire has given me anything. I want you motherfuckers to get a background check before you buy a weapon designed to kill people swiftly, easily and in large numbers.
The time for McCain was 2000. Sadly, Bush won the nomination. McCain vs. Gore = America in a much different and much better place today.
"Conflict of interest" isn't unconstitutional. It looks bad and can easily lead down an unconstitutional path, but there is no requirement that he use a blind trust or divest. The GOP will not do anything until they lack that kind of technicality.
I'm now rooting for the Falcons to lose so we can make it official in SF before the Colts can ruin it.
You can have your DL coach back, though. We fired Shipp's ass after a disastrous performance in his one year here culminated in him hitting a player.
Head coach was the DC/LB coach the prior year, and he spent half the year calling the defense this season. Safeties coach was the same. Cornerbacks coach was new and very good (poached by Auburn after the season). We had a 1st/2nd rounder at one DE spot and all the DT from the prior year, when we were an elite defense. Linebackers were a weakness overall after losing an AA with nobody good to replace him. By far the biggest difference was the DL coach. I know Shipp had success elsewhere, but he was awful here. Everyone on the DL looked significantly worse than the year before, and again, there was that issue with hitting a player. He was gone for the final game of the season, and the defense actually looked good that game. Also worth noting he was not the guy we wanted. We hired Chris Wilson (most recently with USC), but he left after a month or two for the NFL (Eagles). Shipp was a poor fit for the staff and what we wanted to do, but he was the best available at the time. Perhaps a victim of circumstance.
Joke's on him. Journalists don't need to be in that room to tear his administration apart. It's good to get his spokesperson on the record in those press conferences, but a lot of the heavy lifting doesn't require that access. The press won't go away just because he kicks them out of the room.
This. Completely this.
I hope they lose them all.
Y'all still have room for Zion Debose? Hoping Mizzou can land him, but VT seems like the heavy favorite.
&gt; Alternative facts sounds like arguing with a shitty girlfriend. Kellyanne Conway reminds me of the shitty girlfriend to the annoying neighbor of the main character in a bad sitcom.
I also find it interesting that he didn't just post the scores. He wants to compare in private.
Simmons knows football betting. Completely different, but he does know at least that part of the game.
Have you forgotten the terrorist fist jab? That was on the national news. A comment made in jest, it was nonetheless an acknowledgement of a real phenomenon. A significant portion of this country enthusiastically assumes the worst, and a significant portion of those people absolutely do fear anything that hints at ~~Islam~~terrorism.
Pro tip for you young Trump supporters: If the story you're reading includes a line like this: &gt; I reached out to Linda Sarsour on Twitter to confront her Then you're reading fake news.
I was going to until you cried about your internet points.
Please take all the DE and leave Zion Debose without a spot.
I hope so. The threat to people is minimal compared to the number of people who die in car crashes with deer every year. Mountain lions would reduce that drastically by getting the deer population under control.
It has been studied and seems plausible. https://www.google.com/amp/amp.slate.com/articles/health_and_science/science/2016/12/insurers_would_save_money_if_they_brought_mountain_lions_back_to_the_east.html?client=safari
He doesn't care. But he'll play up this lie so his others seem lesss noteworthy.
Nothing arguable about it. It's fact.
Pence tried to launch a state media in Indiana. Of course this administration wants to be the media.
I know republicans who are deeply troubled at the prospect of losing our national parks. This is not an issue that follows strict party lines. More like decent human beings vs. assholes (possibly an "all squares are rectangles/not all rectangles are squares" sort of situation).
You can get regular clothes tailored for a better fit or have things custom made. Bespoke stuff isn't *that* much more expensive than your typical expensive clothing.
They literally are supposed to be the opposition. Or rather the voice for it. That's the point of the free press.
I prefer no cute names. Just call it "the Republican approach to health care." The more generic it is, the wider it applies.
That just plain shitty school has come closer to playing for a national title than any other East school over the past four years. But yes, we're unfortunately clean. Our compliance department takes its job seriously in the sense that they make sure we're in compliance. Other schools have compliance departments to make sure the NCAA can't prove they're not in compliance.
I came close once. It was for an entry-level job I had previously held. The cover letter he submitted was for *my current* job after I was promoted to the senior position despite the application being for the entry-level work. I was only interviewing him because I only had two candidates I actually liked and I wanted to bring in more for comparison. He was also expecting nearly double what it paid.
Did the country, or did a small number of people from there? Maybe Saudi Arabia shouldn't be on the list … and no one else should be, either.
Eat shit, Notre Dame
Because someone posted a picture to the pics subreddit and other people upvoted it. And the comment you're replying to was posted in response to that pic, and people upvoted that, too.
There are a lot of people in those Midwest, west and southern red states who have nothing to do with farming.
Absolute bullshit. Mizzou finds this guy out of nowhere. Zero interest from anyone when we start recruiting him. OSU swoops in almost literally at the last second, spends all of a week on him, and he flips. Fuck recruiting.
And the receiver coach who would have developed him at Mizzou has a track record of doing great things with exactly this kind of prospect.
At the same time, our top running back last year was a guy we stole at the last minute from Boise State.
I would like to see the NBA draft get rid of all age limits and also have the NCAA treat basketball like baseball when it comes to being able to go back to school after being drafted if you don't sign. Make everyone 18+ eligible. Teams can draft whoever. Players can negotiate with whoever. If they like where they're drafted, they can sign and go pro. If they don't like where they're drafted, they can go back to school and will be eligible to be drafted a year later. Maybe add a couple more rounds so teams can take more prospects. And maybe add some kind of compensation pick if a draftee doesn't sign. So if you waste a lotto pick on a kid who stays in school, you get that pick plus your new one the next year (adding a whole new level of tanking, I guess, but also the ability to go from tanking to stacked in a single draft).
This is important. Everyone should look at how he handled the Ell Roberson rape allegation. Accused of assault the night before are Fiesta Bowl. Snyder plays him anyway. Then cuts ties immediately after the game. It wasn't a case of standing on principles of innocent until proven guilty. It was purely about what the player could do for him. As soon as Snyder got what he needed, the player was shown the door (and if I remember right, the charges were soon dropped). Snyder is scummy. Always has been.
&gt; Fuck that, they get ad revenue. Which doesn't come close to funding newspapers anymore.
Are the Cavs elite, though? They won 51 games this year. Same as the Jazz. It's not like they steamrolled through the entire season. They did in the playoffs, but it's not like the Pacers, Raptors, and Celtics are all that great either. The Warriors are on a completely different level.
My favorite: the most racially divisive president ever. I mean, in the sense that he angered all the racists, sure.
He's spent the past 20+ years at basketball schools, though (counting MSU under Izzo). I think it's more likely he eventually lands at a school that doesn't even have football but is a decent mid-major that will be OK with his level of results. I don't think there are a ton of P5 programs that would be willing to pay for Crean just to make the tournament. Maybe somewhere like Georgia if they move on from Fox after next year, but I can't think of a ton of alternatives.
Her comment that got her fired wasn't even that bad in the context of the horrible things she and other Breitbart writers have said. "There wouldn't be terrorism without Muslims" is damn near mainstream conservative talking point relative to a lot of it.
A lot of places would have something to say. But with the GOP harping incessantly about "radical Islamic terrorism" for years now, it's pretty run of the mill offensive, not "fired from Breitbart" offensive. I honestly don't see how that comment among her many awful things on an awful site is what cost her a job. I'm guessing there is much more to this.
That's definitely possible, but it's also worth noting that these are Cleveland's players outside of the top three vs. Golden State's outside the top four. GS having a fourth star basically means Cleveland's role players have to outplay GS' AND outplay Draymond and/or Klay. Even at home, that'll be tough.
Your insiders, like everyone's insiders, say what makes the current staff look good. UIC tends to pick up recruits that create a team that wins less than 10 games more often than not. Maybe Underwood passed on a bunch of other guys. Maybe this kid is underrated. Or maybe Underwood offered several guys and couldn't get a bite from anyone until he stooped to stealing from a mediocre to bad Horizon league team.
&gt; its easy to see who to trust, who is blowing sunshine, and who is full of shit. The ones trying to say pulling a recruit away from UIC in June is a good thing are in the latter portion of that scale.
If it makes you feel better, his early recruiting at Illinois has been kind of mediocre.
To play devil's advocate, that also could say a lot about his potential lack of competitiveness and failure to come up in big games. That "we're all human/it's just a game" mentality could lead to a lack of sense of urgency in big games when opponents do step up (see: his last game at UCLA).
Setting aside the sarcasm, the lack of help is at least partly LeBron's fault. There isn't a player on the Cavs roster who is there without LeBron's blessing.
That's true. But I still feel like there's a difference between someone who lives basketball like that and someone who's a competitor who absolutely hates losing. He might live and breathe basketball, but does he hate losing like Kobe did? Not that the team should avoid drafting him if he's not Kobe. Chances are no one at the top of the draft is like that. Just throwing out counter arguments to consider when this place seems mostly in his favor.
Accidentally clicked the user and not the post. I hate what the world has become.
Good thing Love showed up.
The Indy front office traded Kawhi for George Hill. That's kind of incompetent.
I assume his agent leaked. The point being to drive down the trade value enough that LA could get him with something like Clarkson, Deng/Mozgov (one of the two), and a pick or two. That gets PG where he wants to be and gives LA cap relief from one of their bad contracts. If other teams all think he's going to LA anyway, maybe that's the best Indy can do. Helps LA of the assets they trade aren't in the long-term plan anyway, and there's a chance Clarkson isn't.
Gets Indy in the Michael Porter Jr. race (and he grew up in Indiana until middle school, so maybe wouldn't hate staying there long-term).
Fact: They had the 15th pick, Kawhi was available, and they chose to take him and trade him for a mediocre point guard. Fact: They could have kept the pick, taken Leonard, and been rolling out Kawhi/PG13 at the 2/3 for the past several years. Speculation: If they had those two right now, chances are they'd be a significantly better team and would not be worried about trading PG for bit players and random picks.
But have you gotten them in Missouri, though? He was actually arrested and booked. Had a mugshot taken.
Or 11:30…
Maybe the Knicks want to add a pick AND the GOAT. I bet Jackson could convince the Lakers to do that.
It's been like that for a while, though. Stuck in the middle is a horrible place to be in the NBA unless you're one of a handful of teams that can attract top free agents. Have to bottom out before you can rise up. Teams have sought to be the worst before being the best for at least ~20 years (for sure since Duncan was coming out, probably earlier). Not that that applies to the Knicks here. They should contend for free agents, and KP should be the player they bottomed out to build around. But they're apparently too dumb to do that.
This is the true moral of the story. Mozgov and Deng gave the team absolutely nothing. Horrible moves.
It's anNBA rule, though. The NCAA has zero control over it.
How the hell is Ojeleye the 37th pick? This looks like one of those picks that in five years everyone will question why he didn't go earlier.
I'm a Mizzou fan living in LA and have been a casual Lakers fan since Eddie Jones/Nick Van Exel years. Clarkson leaving LA is probably going to be great for his career. He'd do well in a smaller market imo.
He's known Tatum for a few years, though. Clarkson was at Mizzou when Tatum was in high school and visiting the Mizzou campus on occasion.
He's currently top five in his class in win shares, BPM and VORP. There's a lot more that goes into it. Booker, for example, is well down the advanced stats lists but would definitely go higher based on his scoring potential alone. But Nance is without question one of the most valuable players in that class. Definitely would go in the top 10 of a redraft.
I might be blind, but has anyone posted the actual proposed trade? How could a trade be worked out if something as significant as Love and his contract aren't wanted by anyone involved?
Bad trade for Boston IMO. They are in position to add someone like Hayward, who is almost as good, and keep all the picks to potentially add one or two more elite prospects. That sets them up to be in contention after Golden State starts to decline. Adding George doesn't put them over that hump now.
Still not a great trade either way. Boston isn't a title team next year. Trading away assets that could make them a legit title contender for the decade after the Golden State dynasty is short-sighted.
No, I don't think they are. I think a potential roster of IT, Hayward, Tatum, Brown, Horford, Smart, Bradley, Michael Porter Jr. and Mo Bamba is better long-term. I certainly wouldn't complain if they did pull it off, though. I am glad a handful of teams are still taking shots at dethroning the current Warriors/Cavs dominance. I just think they'd be giving up the potential to run the NBA for a decade.
Well, they made the conference finals and were killing the Warriors in game one until Leonard went down. So it's not like they got a bunch of empty regular season wins then shit the bed in the playoffs.
No one is pretending anything. "Illegal drugs" is a shorthand we understand for inanimate objects. That shorthand carries all the meaning necessary for understanding the subject in any given context. You can't (or shouldn't) apply the same standard to people.
Would be no worse right now if they'd paid 1,200 random Knicks fans $50k each to run the team for a day.
I agree, /u/ButtCrackFTW. This sub has so many immature people in it.
You're thinking about Cliff Alexander, another disappointing top recruit who signed with kansas.
I can't wait for the housing market to crash. Then maybe I'll be able to afford a home.
You and several others need to lighten up. Congrats on being one of the very few millennials who were fortunate enough to be able to buy a home at a young age. But that is not because you "did everything right" and everyone who has no hope of ownership in the near future did not. There are significant economic barriers that exist for people who have done everything they were supposed to do. A crash won't solve that. Obviously. I figured the sarcasm wouldn't need to be explained.
