So like a Chinatown.
Thunderdevil is boss! Makes you look like Solid Snake.
The common individual doesn't know what most of the government does. I'm not surprised if a lot of folks didn't know that.
Gee, I didn't realize water was still wet. CAN THIS FREAKING SEASON START ALREADY.
I've always likened those who fight gentrification similar to those who fought against civil rights and modern medicine. I take that stance because I live in West Philly where our nickname was "The Bottom", still is, but it's not lacking in drug needles, and broken glass bottles on the ground. Rampant crime and gang fights in the streets. Gentrification has always been good in my neighborhood, pushing about the bad elements that just don't give a damn about the area. Even so I like the idea of gentrification as well as affordable housing. No one should ever get priced out of the neighborhood they worked hard to maintain.
Voidfang Vestments is the only time I think having more strength is cool.
How is using the Gjallarhorn elitism? I think you're just upset this particular strategy involves it. How about replace it (insert 365 heavy here)?
How so?
What are you talking about, /r/eagles would have given up Boykin, along with everyone else for Mariota...
Still don't see how that's broken. Hunters also spawn with grenade energy with the Lucky Raspberry. Its not broken, it's game mechanics. What would be broken is if Sunsingers could have ignite, with two grenades.
Some will pay people to make money out of their money, and then pay other people to make sure they don't pay other people too much. Circle of Life?
At the Apollo.
I think Riley Cooper would have been a deal breaker for them. Meaning they wouldn't have wanted him.
This story is crazier than a bag of cats in summer.
Didn't say he committed suicide.
Like a responsible adult, imagine that....
Fear makes people do bizarre things.
Wrong about what exactly?
Don't talk about our coach like you know him. He wants to win, that's all. He has a system to win, if you believe you are bigger than the team then there are your walking papers.
Like a CD with scratches on it.
And a Tardus that replaces the ship and or tower.
Didn't Germany ban it until more evidence comes out?
No you twat.
I don't pay any mind to anonymous downvotes anymore, I see them as trolls or paid shills who disagree with me but can't form their opinions into words without looking like idiots. I'm all about more information and reason and not so much about blanket statements like OP was saying.
Nothing is just "meh" with wolf pack rounds.
I think a lot of your fans said "X person can't go!" this year, and watched them walk away. I'm not going to underestimate the craziness of the Niners at the moment.
Don't feed the trolls
Of course, our special teams will score 35 for us.
Can someone post a picture of the countries Russia has annexed in the last decade versus the US?
It's the ever shuffling sleight of hand card game Bungie is playing with the guns.
Because you don't have laws for it, doesn't mean you go to another country with laws for it and don't abide by them. We have free speech in America but if you go to Thailand and insult the King you are going to jail, period. Not to mention a potential caning.
Baseball is more of an evolved version of a cricket. Americans get that from our English counter parts. Heck, our anthems sound the same. So no, I take nothing back.
I'm pretty sure it's your job as buyers to have a proper inspection done, on your coin not the Sellers'. Just walk away from it and move on. You don't want to get involved any further.
You could say we demoted the items....
That's not a gun, that's a bloody anti-aircraft cannon. You'll raise hell let alone pulses!
Kotaku shouldn't bite the hands that feed them.
I haven't seen it, I don't frequent this sub. Douche #2 has been discovered.
Even if he urinated near it, there are also laws against that. This was Malaysia I'm sure there are laws against public nudity.
T. O. for all his shortcomings he did his job well. Caught the ball, scored touchdowns, and was entertaining. What else could we have asked for? Aside from off field drama.
Yeah I get them mixed up
You buy stock based on.... What?
Future DLC plot line
Close to averaging a triple double every game. That's insane.
Even cats can't not resist of power of ham.
But I like the populated areas, it's fun to see a mob of random players just man handle a boss together. I think I've completed like seven quests with end dungeon bosses that way.
I can't think of a 1st rounder so hyped up that hasn't play a single snap in the league . There has to be an NFL Films top ten on that and he has to be there somewhere.
How should I build my Nightblade out? I'm focusing right now on skills, wearing mostly medium armor and some heavy armor. I'm specialized in dual wield and very little work with bows. Should I focus more on health stamina or magic?
Seriously, some a harassing circle jerk of a subreddit gets banned and people are Butthurt because it invades their freedom of speech? Well reddit can get sued for it, hell the people who are doing the harassing can get sued for it. It was a business decision, folks need to get over it or go back to /b/.
Can I have a restoration staff with healing and elemental damage on it? As a NB with dual wield I'd love to continue to output double damage and gain an extra slot to heal myself in a pinch.
Old habits die hard, thought someone would get a kick out of it haha.
Oh gosh I completely forgot about that. I have a Vita too!
How about the other motifs? I'm in Aldermi right now, so I'd find the motifs for the races associated with them?
This isn't Sword Art Online... Lol
Certified killer, he's slayed his own career in cold blood.
Folks do keep score by their bank accounts, but I hope he has a good money manager cause no one is buying anymore of his records.
Tyson and Hammer wasn't probably, it happened you twit.
Took twenty shrapnel shards but doesn't roll with a limp.
Cayde-6 also apparently can hold his liquor as well. According to the random things the guards say at the Reef.
I do this with no remorse. We all have queued long lines. Have some patience.
Here's a tip for you. Don't play with randoms.
I'm sure many love him for getting them a ring.
2 years and running!
Ain't nothing rude about it, but that's just your opinion vs mine vs the citizens of Cambodia. Buddhism played and still plays a huge part in a country's healing that it suffered during the Khmer Rogue.
Only thing here that is a joke is you.
Coach upstairs is probably relaying things they see. Who is open, if the safety is rushing, I'm sure there's a ton of information they are getting from upstairs.
It looks like your friend is getting double teamed and he's enjoying it..
Many will agree but Bungie doesn't care. They'll do anything for their bottom line.
Is this ingested THC or inhaled?
If this was my job site, someone would have been unemployed real quick. I've fired people for less.
If these were investment properties it may have been worth it due to the fact you can shelter your income via depreciation and the mortgage interest deduction. Most times to what I've calculated in our portfolio you'd shelter anywhere between 20-35k in income per property. So even if you're reporting negative numbers your bank account is growing.
All Guardian powers comes from the Traveler. If it didn't exist the Guardians wouldn't exist.
You must be new here, this is where white people come to pretend. It's the Internet where that 21 year old is actually 14,and the knock on the door isn't the Pizza man its a Chris Hansen.
Yes I too am struggling with Kleptomania, but I'm taking something for it, so I got that going for me.
Seeing as how difficult it is to win in this day and age I'm not bothered by it. Because after the game is over the next year starts it doesn't matter anymore.
And win a Super Bowl with a rival of the 49ers.
They mispronounced "Iggles". Edit They demand Chip Kelly to be fired. After a single loss.
I think it'd be more about guaranteed money, that's more security than extended years as far as your health is concerned. But yeah, pay the man.
i think you spelt "stab" wrong. Your fanbase has a track record to uphold.
Consider that a blessing
I picture the election officials are actually a firing squad with clipboards.
So much better than Destiny. My Nightblade looks awesome in charcoal. I want black black now.
Median income for a family in Korea is around 32k a year(OECD stats for 2012), seeing as you are going to be paid almost 4 times that, plus your debts here in the States it still doesn't seem like a bad deal.
Should I continue to be long on Alcoa? Half of my lots I got in when it was $7 the other half during the rise $11 - $13. Should I sell some? I don't see a terrible downturn in the future with the company.
No one Guardian is above another, we are all the same cloth. An in game battle shrine in tribute to all Guardians lost, and forever in our hearts. But some may think it sappy and have no bearing of its context of why it's even there.
My bet is it'll be 5.5 million a year for five years, 9-10 million guaranteed. Or 5.5 for three years and 7-8 million guaranteed. He's 34, unless he stays super healthy I can't imagine him getting a long contract.
Winning a Super Bowl is end game for all teams, it seems you are in a win now mode, not win five or seven years from now mode.
Once you get up to 20% in equity of the mortgage you can cancel it. If you aren't going to take a 2nd mortgage out the fastest way is to pay down the principal of the mortgage. A few hundred dollars a month and you're on your way.
I had a blunt with oxy I felt like this photo. I was one with the sensation, and my bed, on a molecular level.
For the record they were split mostly about raising property tax.
You could see him go for the laptop as soon as she mentioned the 50 inch TV. "No fucking way am I giving that to you! This madness ends now!"
Why anyone gives a shit is beyond me.
This is what they call "on the other end of the spectrum."
Aside from money laundering, what are the banks suppose to police?
Seriously, you are King Kong.
You know I was on the fence about buying the game, but now seeing that I would have to buy the collector's edition Bungie has secured it for me. They've completely lost my patronage.
NA PS4 AD WTS/WTT Redguard Motif or any motif not Argonian, Breton, Khajitt, Nord. Trade or gold. (US PS4 Aldermi dominion, looking to sell for gold Redguard Motif, or trade for motif that isn't Argonian, khajitt, Nord, or Breton.)
It's obvious to anyone paying attention that the Bungie that created Halo and the Bungie that created Destiny are two completely different companies.
If you read the article they revenue last year was 65 million.
Top comments are about how to do it if it's a larger hole. Stop typing about it and show us all! Thanks.
Correct me if I'm wrong, in a buy back the seller is going to get taxed on it aren't they? How could a buy back offered by a company be seen as "gaming" the system? Could a buy back have unmentioned bad drawbacks to the general populace?
Destiny X2: In search for players we lost during Destiny II to X.
There's two easy ways I've found to quitting. Play ESO, play Batman. Okay so im just replacing an addiction but I can walk away from the last two. Honestly this may be the best thing for me, focus on life and family.
Thank you!
Trying to figure out if the kid on the right thinks he's on point with towel folding while holding the gun....
It's been confirmed, Donald Trump is a bigger gaffe than Joe Biden! Who imagined that could even be possible?
Wouldn't my dream girl accept my faults?
If Greece defaults doesn't that hit the entirety of the world economy?
I highly doubt you understand how our team Footballs.
We call that Jerry Jones mode.
There's no if, he'll have to.
How quick Dallas fans choose to forget the past but only at certain intervals.
No one brings that up, the hell are you talking about?
I'll never play Destiny again if PvP was pay to win, duck that noise.
Be Drew Brees, yeah that super simple.
And here I was hoping they'd fix the Silvenar quest to get those vet 2s and highers to stop trolling it. I WANT TO ADVANCE THE DAMN STORY ALREADY.
Don't try to make amends now, just take your downvotes and carry on.
But but... OP's source.......
Auto rifles should do more damage though. Not a great deal that is game breaking, just more. Shotguns need a reduction in range still, it's not fair you're pumping rounds mid-range into someone and they still one shot with a Conspiracy D or Partycrasher..
New Years Resolution for the mods was "Fuck all y'all! We're out!"
It would be this, and in other examples it would be an RKO.
Unless we can get the get Brees and Peyton free coupon it would stay two birds with one stone.
Whatever happens I'm rooting for whoever represents the NFC. Because fuck the AFC.
You're getting a local prospective, furthermore, using blackface in anything is racist. It's origins are racist and using it today still means the same. Are you referring to the article I linked or OP's link? The pictures in the one I linked in my edit is Philly.
Don't crush my dreams with your sound logic!
Not like it matters now...
Honestly though, Cam is really balling out this year.
He's actually one of the highest paid people in Hollywood. For a funny guy who people laugh at he's doing better than all of us, our children, and children's children combined.
A-fucking-men
I have all the year 1 ships and all the faction shaders. I guess you could consider me lucky that the only ship I'm missing is the NM, and DO year 2 ships. Least where the factions are concerned.
Who has school on Sunday?
Fuck them, using public funds and then ditching out. Fuck them.
If you drops the price of domestic gasoline, then it's a political victory?
That wasn't playing Devils advocate, that was taking what OP explained and ignoring it and going back to what they wanted regardless of the pros/cons that was stated. I get what OP said that I'm content at the moment with P2P. Though I do wish the raid wouldn't lag as much as it does for my fireteam. One that spans the globe, nothing can be done about it (at this point) though.
I saw him carry JScrubby to a flawless using sidearm, sure enough it was rather filthy.
Personally the increased armor and zero cool down on cauterize annoyed me most about the hammers than anything else.
What a time to be alive for Vikings fans. What a strange time for the rest of the NFC North.
The sodium content is high with this one.
Congratulations, (he) you played yourself.
My hidden gem wouldn't be so hidden if I revealed it huh? It's a scout rifle, with more impact and stability than the Mida. It also has 3rd eye, and not many people have it anymore.
What do people not get? Okay we aren't getting DLC content. We are getting though content that isn't paid. Did no one read the interview with a developer? Spring we get more content, and further in the year we get one of the biggest endeavours Destiny has ever attempted. Look. I get it. You want year 1 content to be prevalent again. It's just not happening right now. Let. It. Go.
I mean the Browns would prolly part with Manziel for a stick of half chewed gum at this point wouldn't they?
Beyond nostalgia what purpose does it serve to bring them forward? Remove the light level and people will just wear them to increase their overall light level. If anything make them Rares and reduce the light to sub 100. Won't be able to infuse them up, or make them light 3 legendaries and then infuse them up. They were left behind, people have a hard time letting go.
How many unique year 2 class items do you think there are? There are plenty, Flayers mantel, taniks cloak, Ayane cloak, Rangers cloak, vermillion cloak, neuroghast, end unsung. The only attachment people have to year one cloaks is that they can't let go. That's the simple hard truth.
Then use it, but don't expect your light level to rise any. Use it in Crucible, where light levels matter for nothing.
If you have the tarantella it's grenades every 3 second! Flux and skip grenades for everyone!
After hearing the excerpt I'm sure their response was more like putting their hands on your ears and yelling "LA LA LA LA CANT HEAR YOU".
Well they are gonna have to wait a year to recieve it then.
So hunters have come full circle and are now floofing about like Warlocks. How the mighty have fallen.....
Thank you for your concise explanation.
If a network was paying me 6 million a year to just travel, and make witty comments a few days out of the year while televised, why would I want to leave that gig to one where I'd have to work 15+ hours a day and be stressed out?
It'll be better than Big Sean during that God awful Thanksgiving game.
If there's beauty in destruction. Why not also in its delivery?
How would they make him, he resigned from the position. Are they going to kidnap his kids and force him to coach for a year?
You just described 90% of the users of /r/blackpeopletwitter.
Hidden step : LET YOUR TEAMMATES RUN AHEAD OF YOU ARRRGHHHH
Don't forget predator, courage of the pack, and black hole. The ogre will go down in 2 seconds.
See my original post, the line on the bottom for your answer.
I want an update, what's hard to understand about that? They haven't given one where they have given one before.
It's not me mistaking anything, they were monitoring it and if their actions are anything like year one they act accordingly and update the community.
You shouldn't be, what I can gather they analyze the traffic of those suspected of cheating. If a network engineer is reading this maybe they can shed some light if there's a marked difference between bad Internet and network manipulation?
I want them to do something about it. Like they have done in the past.
I'm assuming that I'd like to get an update from Bungie, because they were the ones who brought it up.
There are some who share this sentiment I'm sure, I'm just looking to hold their proverbial feet to the fire so to speak. I wish more people would up vote for visibility but alas. I guess those objecting either have a bad connection naturally and feel some kind of way about it, or are the cheaters we're talking about.
Good, suspend his ass. Fuck him. An opportunity to make a lot of money and he's a fucking idiots. Fuck him and his offspring.
Could have just said God doesn't want us to win.
Wouldn't a franchise tag entail 25 million? Not 20?
In the mean time, don't challenge a sniper at range.
If someone is able to quick scope you at shotgun range or at most optimal auto rifle range then they have some solid skill.
&gt;Just like shotguns can't be used farther out than melee range now That's an utter lie, unless you mean Thunder strike melee range which is pretty crazy. In something like Crucible it should be guns that augment you're learned skills. Saying something should be devoid of skill because of range is a silly idea.
Mine was a suggestion, not a topic of argument. If your sodium content is on par with you rage modifier, step away from the keyboard and go outside.
Hard mode makes you look Taken. MAKE IT HAPPEN BUNGO.
Am I the only one that doesn't mind the dead bodies laying around?
For what? You didn't see the end of the video? It's clear they had relations.
Thanks for confirming that you didn't wait till the end of the video because the one filming also confirmed they had some kind of relationship.
You can get them from the big chest after killing Skolas. A fireteam member who did it with me had it drop.
Because internet drama should translate into taking sides because you like one person over the other right?
I don't ever recall fusion rifles being as OP when Thorn was considered OP. But those times were a year ago and frankly who cares? People call other people out on here all the time for their choice of weapons. If those two have an axe to grind I'd just let them do it and grab some popcorn.
Dealing precision damage with this gun causes defeated combatant to explode and returns all shots to the magazine, and gain x3 damage for a short period of time.
Now we just need to figure out how and where the Fatal Vision drops.
Does anyone else think this should have been more severe for a repeat offender?
This time last year people were just as whiny as they are now. Go figure.
*bickering intensifies*
I think you have the wrong sub. This place is for secrets. /r/DestinyTheGame is where you log complaints now.
You can't correct someone without cursing? Grow up.
Here's to LA Football team fans, may you not be front runners and enjoy mediocrity for the better part of a decade.
My advice, remember and hold onto this feeling. Revisit the same memories and feelings come December of this year.
You manned up to your error, that's pretty boss, man.
Someone needs to push the speaker off the tower now.....
Yeah the encounter is definitely right underneath us, real game wise it's an extra dimension but game wise they had no where else to put it in assume.
Folks are still working on it amongst other things.
I some reason think they fuck like rabbits when they go home.
It's the only time trickle down has ever worked and had nothing to do with money.....
If you piece the grimoire together it could he that Kabr was intrigued by Osiris' theories regarding the Vex and assembled a Fireteam with similar ideas and went to the Vault of Glass. With that being said Kabr's fire team perhaps weren't the only ones to venture there, but were the only ones to make it as far as they did.
I know, yet I'm downvotes for citing canon. Go figure huh?
Three folks won the jackpot. Guess I gotta go back to work in the morning......
SJWs incoming in 5....4....3....2...1.....
Funny, but in all semi-seriousness, Oryx was a girl (Aurash) before being a guy (Oryx) and chose to become whatever it is they are now. Guardians didn't have a choice, they were forced into their role. The Ghosts didn't knock on heaven's (or hell's) gate and asked if it was cool if they got resurrected.
This totally needs to happen I didn't grind all the way up to 25 for an exotic quest to grind even more for a class item that only gives around or less than 10% rep boost. That's bullshit.
How did you do that shadestep jump? I can never get it so fluid.
I'll try increased control but how early is early? I'm on PS4 so is it Circle, Circle, and the X immediately?
Guardians are comprised of the Traveler's light so abandonment might not be an issue. Guardians are completely forced into their role. It doesn't matter why they do it, they know nothing of their former life to do anything different, save certain Exos. Needless to say why Guardians do what they do is tricky.
Goes from dark skin to light skin with a fresh cut... What?
Come on man try harder. Stupid ass repost.
I casually come here whenever it's on the front page. I didn't think someone would go full 4chan on me though. I guess I don't know what I expected....
I read somewhere in canon that they were selected based on and personality traits not a want to be resurrected.
Good luck 49ers, since you got rid of so many players already there'll be less work for Chip to do. Besides trading Kaepernick away for Manziel.
I think many in our division developed some kind of problem this year; drinking or otherwise.
Kinda like how 49er fans will be with Kelly after two seasons.
There's already a sniping range, it's called the Cosmodrome. Don't believe me? Try sniping the fallen, they duck behind cover when under fire.
125 million after associated taxes, but who cares right?!
A high speed camera nonetheless! This was an inside job!
Wasn't it placed in New York? At the time it took up to a year to get anyone out. God I don't miss those days.
Or the Bionic Commando.
That's utter bullshit, but keep trying. Maybe you'll find something that's true.
I want a Vex glimmer ghost... I have a Cabal but engram extractor is...spirit bloom...........
Being dead for an eternity is a pretty big L.
Fuck Cancer.
You don't change the game of Football without leaving your mark all over it. An amazing playbook!
How about the Browns DC?
This is definitely it. My KW office supports the same as well as internally helping individual agents achieve their goals, lead generation, planning, 411. They have come to realize that if you help individual agents grow into rockstars in their own right they eventually by osmosis build their own team because they get so busy. I love the education that gets put on from the top teams and individual agents as well.
So you saw a post stating a similar topic and decided to repost the same topic. Thanks for reposting but no thanks.
They are the same post. Whether you're post is longer than other persons post. It's the same topic, complaining about the same thing. Even if you can't admit it because your post is more articulate the other, it's still the same thing.
Nice job!
Uh huh sure.
Because it's a REPOST, there's another valid post on the front page addressing the same thing it doesn't warrant another post.
Destiny customers are *never* happy.
We at least got to 5 wins, doesn't matter which side we spawned on. Then we ran into lag and sweaties and it was back to the Reef for us.
Salt from your enemies, or salt from your tears at the Cryptarch?
The significance isn't lost on Bungie, there will probably be something on the horizon. Though I'm not sure what the Hive would summon, since we killed Oryx (twice). It'd be wierd and very anticlimactic if we summoned his/her sisters.
Temporary or induced insanity? Under the influence of mind altering psychotic drugs?
Not me, I decided I was going to delete all my Crota end stuff, and keep my VoG guns, though I regret deleting my Praedyth timepiece and the CE pulse. I deleted all the armor from year 1 and kept some unreleased year 1 exotics. My vault is now filling up with year 2 exotic engrams and guns. I feel if you aren't entirely attached that year 2 vault space is more manageable.
I honestly don't know where you get the idea that Bungie only analyzes one set of numbers. If you've paid attention to anything they take a large sample size in analyzing and the Stat we are talking about came in after the sixth or seventh Trials.
So I dun goofed, it was a single map and it was rusted lands. The ratio was 50.1 / 49.8 for wins vs either side. I still stand by my opinion, it doesn't matter what side you spawn on if your team is getting out played and put into bad situations or your fireteam putting themselves in bad situations then you're going to lose no matter what.
I see where you are coming from but I'm disagreeing that just flipping the spawns is really going to make a difference. Players will never be evenly matched, be it skill or lag, or just chance. Just because you spawn at A doesn't mean you're gonna be a better sniper than spawning at B.
That's it!
He's looking for a Browns-esque offer, aka the Sucker's Offer.
Another one.
Can't see how it can be used as canon as it's completely unobtainable at the moment and possibly permanently. Like folks who like the bring up the Mars Warmind when the story establishes no other Warmind exists and Rasputin is on Mars.
Gonna need some source on that.
Invisibility is tech from Rasputin, not originated from Guardians.
She has combat ability that could rival Guardians and time breaking capabilities but if she 'dies' it's a permanent death. I've never heard of any theories of her having Guardian powers though. It's not difficult to get invisibility tech, least not for the resourceful and determined.
The only gun that I've encountered that consistently wins against a Necrochasm has been the Monte Carlo, but this is only if the other person gets the first few shots before you. Still Necrochasm is a solid gun in regular Crucible right now.
I'll trade you one of my two Cruxes for a red spectre...........
So we're getting cars with foam filled collision protocols like in Demolition Man?
I helped someone on my friends list get matched. Might have something to do with the region the fireteam leader is in. I'm on US East Coast and they were trying to match someone near me. Worked out on the second go.
If you have to ask who the blueberries are, that would mean you are the blueberry. Or smurf.
/thread
I've got a challenge, do the entire raid using dual snipers.
K bye.
I wonder what is the true ratio of laggy games vs non-laggy games people experience. Not some selective subjective number but numbers backed by evidence.
I'd change the "expectation" part to the "what they want" part.
Instead of the rose, most of you playing doubles may be giving or getting the D. CT-D.
*raises hand* I started out pretty bad, I think most people did. I've watched TrueVanguard, and KJHovey and was always envious. During using the sniper I had forced myself to be aware of what I was doing while sniping. With that I came to the conclusion that I was jerking my control sticks too hard which threw my aim off. I learned to calm down, and just pull the trigger. .....it also helped that I lowered my sensitivity to 2 from 7 as well.
I believe Hovey plays on 2 or 3 as well, I recall him mentioning on his stream last week.
Needs more Michael Bay.
Yet another pointless suggestion from the peanut gallery. No one can just enjoy the game, folks just wanna complain.
Politicians won't allow that.
He's going to Brazil to get some adamantium coating for his bones.
Bad luck Steve, goes snowboarding the first time in a few years. Causes an avalanche.
Why go to Camelback, come to Poplar Poles for your cheap snowboarding and skiing fix!
I wonder if the health centers are also closed...
More like the ability to throw supplemented by athletic scrambling ability.
That's funny because a lot of got people were saying the opposite a couple of months ago.
So you've consumed all the content in the game and must complain? Is Bungie suppose to be an ever stream of content add? I'm sorry I don't see a monthly subscription button anywhere in the menus. Complainers are ruining the community for anyone new who comes in.
I don't believe so, since they still exist and Oryx had a thing about making a species extinct. But it's also possible, since the Fallen are still around.
So if this post is false why is the post still up? This is a Conspiracy!
Oh God you're right....
Shame that the majority of this sub, and the complainers are PvErs.
Yeah, refs are also technically a part of the field least in pro rules. Pretty smart on the runner.
Reminds me of [this](http://newsfeed.time.com/2012/09/02/sticky-situation-30-million-in-maple-syrup-stolen-from-canadas-strategic-syrup-reserve/).
I can't get the pulse of this sub sometimes. People post that they trying to get hoes, and others are passive aggressive trying to be in a serious relationship.
I think LA has learned enough from having the Raiders there. The city should know damn well if the team sucks the team will fail there.
Prestige isn't the word, media market share and St Louis fans' money is the right words.
Depending on the nature of the break he could be out there. McNabb played with an entire game with a broken ankle. The scope of his break was it was a bone that didn't bear the brunt of a lot of pressure.
Why not both?
So what you're saying is the Colts is the Broncos' triple A team?
Warhammer online got shuttered by EA. Mythic studios to he exact.
You'd look like an idiot of you were a elite QB smack talking one of the greatest coaches to ever coach. On top of that you'd look like a senile old man to downplay all of Peyton's achievements and abilities and call him average the way Belichick does to lesser QBs.
Did anyone else think that a kitchen sink would just fly by after that milk crate?
That fusion and scout rifles are roll so good though. I suppose if you get hot swap and or hip fire with accelerated coils....
Hard to have a sports team where the populace are transplants and vacationers. Unless you're the Miami Heat, cause....championships.
Exclusive Sword for IB, should be an exotic quest. Otherwise, it'll just be a PS4 exclusive and xbone players will be squirming with salt.
Hunter would be super OP if they were wearing lucky Raspberry.
You played with heart Guardian! Love it!
If you know the shortcut why not just camp the ledge? If you know the map, why not use that to your advantage? Unless you're always dead then it's a moot point huh?
80 million to Michigan not Flint. The state will decide what Flint gets, if anything. Let's hope they make the right move and not squander it.
If Flint got budgeted, where does one billion people die? Where do you see this happening?
A miracle till you end up broke.
Rangefinder and Rifled Barrel, my friend had one. It has more range than the First Curse and similar impact. Godly.
This...this makes me sad.
Sounds about right, since PSN gets the exclusives most people opted for them. The good and the bad.
It's just the aliens guys, don't worry.
I'll spend all day down there so long as she spent all day eating pineapples.
I'm just gonna start making up different load outs with sexual act names. The Vex and Thesan with Max stability will be known as the Donkey Punch, the TLW and CT-D will be now known as the Dirty Sanchez, Thorn and any shotgun shall be known as the Blue Waffle. Yeah don't let naming loadouts a thing please.
How much fire rate does it take away and add to damage for FF, do you know?
Loan officer could be sued if they said anything of the sort. It's not their scope of practice.
Quality, yes quality no, which is there MO. All the other smaller tubers are screwed.
Can't sue dead people, only their Estate. What is the police officer looking to get out of a 19 year old's estate?
Lawsuits don't work that way.
Thank you, I don't need to click and give them ad revenue. Slimy ass titles.
In enjoying myself and learning a lot from the beta. I can take my experience and transfer it over to the real game. I've learned how to post up at the garage extraction solo, learned when to run, where to run, etc. Also how to handle large groups. The tension is like nothing I've ever experienced in a game and I'm thoroughly enjoying myself.
Because people being on fire is hilarious.
Why should anyone give a crap anyway? Drake's an artist with talent, some have stellar talent in writing than others. Some folks kinda wanna get paid for their work. Who loses here?
That sounds more like a decision to either take the path of least resistance. Using that means that if you want to be really successful without 'selling out' you need to create your own label, produce your own work, distribute it yourself with little to no resource. Macklemore has done it, going platinum without a label or deal. How many others have done that or can do that?
I use it as a learning experience. Put myself in sticky situations and try to find a place to hold up and defend. I find myself rolling more now.
The National Farce League.
There's at least a 100% chance of someone quitting a Banner match if they aren't with a group of people, if. A. They are losing. B. Other team slams first C. Salty that they get out skilled in the game.
When it happens to the Niners people will see what I mean. Numbers be damned, when it becomes a common occurrence your fans are gonna be seeing red.
KD isn't doing it to you, you're doing it to yourself!
Minus 10 points to Slytherin.
Or "The Trump".
&gt;Hahahaha Classic WSB
Smells like a repost.
I swear it's a monopoly!
5 or 10S if you're the sponge/tank you shouldn't be too far from SC anyway.
*Surprise, surprise*.
I'm an amateur when it comes to HCs but my Devil You Know feels so nice. With the high stability I win many mid range encounters that doesn't involve a shotgun with RF.
*comment has been banned*
Spoiler: They already don't like you. Just kidding, seriously that's a pretty good idea. And they only stop liking you in the mid-teens, they go back to liking you around 18.
No one wants high rates, and no one knows why.
Absolutely, I'm shorting gold on paper trading to see how it works out for me.
I doubt they'd wait that long, they've already waited too long as it is.
kay.
Because Yellen has a point of not basing her decisions on the rate due to just a jobs report. Articles have also said that growth is leveling off therefore keeping rates low or lowering them is not going to do anything but artificially propping up the economy. Rates NEED to rise, it's a bunch of bullshit that it hasn't gone up any.
Via the slow boat to China.
Caress their back in an uncomfortable manner and whisper gently into their ear "I AM Joe Biden." if they look at you maintain eye contact until they shift their gaze.
Never associated being homeless as, cool.
[Got you fam](https://www.google.com/search?q=right+hand&amp;client=ms-android-hms-tmobile-us&amp;tbm=isch&amp;prmd=visn&amp;source=lnms&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjoyoalpY3NAhVHRyYKHesSBD0Q_AUIBigC&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=560&amp;dpr=4#imgrc=Ln2YD4-QtnKOkM%3A)
Nah, this is the passive aggressive voice inside people's heads. The same one that has Daddy issues.
Under what drug's influence are you on thinking that is gonna be the result of a stock that trades solely off news, right now?
Well auto loans don't get packaged into derivatives and sold onto the secondary market, we should be fine. But if not we'll be fine.
&lt;3 mods
Why read? When the poster boy of WSB is getting crucified the lemmings come out in support of him. He could kick a baby and stab a puppy and the lemmings would cheer it.
I mean it fits perfectly. The demeanor and all.
OP now needs to photograph said subject and post it to /r/GWCouples. For...science.
I read somewhere once that military options would have lasted at least several more months as the Marines were island hopping and getting closer and closer to the main Island of Japan. President decided to drop the bomb to say time and stem the loss of the Marines they were losing daily from Island hopping ops.
Well if you're majoring in liberal arts, you may have a rough time in todays labor market.
Cause someone is totally going to hire a liberal arts major over an other candidate with any other major.
You're straying far what my message was, which is no one will hire someone with a liberal arts major versus another candidate with a different major.
Is it? Then make the sub private.
Kind of hard to play the victim when the previous admin of that sub sold it to the current admin.
Yeah, she probably would have a fast track of becoming a citizen as someone who can readily contribute to society versus someone who can't immediately.
&gt;You act like ~~I~~ everyone wouldn't play that.
Your point? It's the stock market.
If you're getting in on the highs you're gonna have a bad time.
-Bag holders everywhere
Rates going up, if not well, I'll eat a hot dog if it doesn't.
Software is good, cannabis is fun, it's hot right now. Owners are making boat loads of money, can't use that money anywhere but cali or Colorado right now.
Well color me correk'd.
Trickle, match game, chaff, lightswitch, etc weren't created for our enjoyment. Created to make doing Nightfalls more difficult in order to obtain arbitrary loot that may or may not help your advancement in the game.
I mean who doesn't do this? When my dad was growing up on the farm in Cambodia they'd do that. Nothing went to waste. Blood was cubed and put into porridge, the meat was eaten, the bones made into soup stock. Everything was consumed.
Some things even I won't eat, but I give props to those who will eat eyes, brains, lungs, etc etc etc. Most I will do is a liver.
It's hilarious that you post this, and your flair is a birthday cat.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure Ali had a very capable grasp of the English language.
Feed them fat so they can't resist you anymore. Then when they are plump, winter arrives and then comes the feast.
You are now listed as a terrorist. -FBI
Only a matter of time before the FBI labels everyone has a potential spy and or terrorist.
Thinking about it, I've had chicken hearts, I love some chicken gizzard to. Some Sriracha and everything tastes pretty good. Well almost everything.
Pretty sure he identified as purple.
I don't care if he sucks right now. He helped us win a pennant, WHAT THE HELL DOES ANYTHING ELSE MATTER? Everyone from that crew needs to be beloved by our Philly. New fans are nut jobs.
I watched it on a plane ride to Cambodia and loved it. It's currently on Netflix I think.
Winter *is* coming.
Brighter points about SUNEQ is that they have chapter 11 protection which allows them to reorganize their assets and debt to provide liquidity. Now before you DD or whatever, companies that undergo Chapter 11s take a great deal of time to emerge from them, most notably GM and American Airlines. Take that as you will.
I don't know, maybe do some actual research?
Short some insurance stocks when the next big hurricane hits the entire eastern seaboard :|
Chinese folks love the number 8 and 9. Source: Am Chinese, dad loves phone numbers with repeating 8s.
I don't want a pet, I want a traveling companion and does damage.
China effects bitcoin more than the US market in itself. Albeit what happens in the US does effect China in someway. The rising BTC has a direct correlation to what's been going on in China.
Can't say I agree. No one hires an ad company, or anyone thinking they have malicious behavior in mind. And if someone says they do, they are lying.
By buying a lot? I don't see any manipulation there. The off chance that all the Chinese are colluding to drive up the price only to sell high and crash the market is absurd.
I'm not hyped up to pre-order for the Gjallarhorn, I was already going to get it. I suppose the horn will be a nice bonus. Did anyone catch, what appears to be a fusion scout rifle in the video?
Seeing as I'm pre-ordering, it doesn't bother me any.
I'd be selling at an 8 month high, continual gains are unrealistic but hey, hold all you want.
I give two shits what you think.
Sunbreakers I try to run and evade them using the terrain of the map, if I'm close. Same goes with all the supers. If I'm a bit of a distance away, I'll attempt to snipe them if I have no other choices. It's fight or flight really.
one that tumbles in air, and doesn't just fly up and land like a plate of spaghetti.
I should do a contest, Grand prize will be a PS4, TTK and Rise of Iron, and temporary membership into my raid team. All proceeds go to charity. Hmmmm
As everyone should, no one needs to bring out the pitchforks because we just don't know, right now, what went down.
Agreed, I haven't seen 30 for 30 I didn't enjoy.
Seriously, fuck that dude.
Bullshit, Michael Kors purse is like $200 while Gucci purses of the same type are like $900 and LVs can go as high as 2.5k.
There goes all that Japanese porn.
They are the bottom rung of porn sites.
He also had game, ALWAYS had a girl.
I have something to complain about... It was 11 minutes long. Yea...that's all I got.
Not that it'll matter to you but you're CarlosFromTheBronx, cause you ain't from Philly man.
Eli &gt; Cousins, Tiki is just salty he didn't get one of at least the two rings Eli got.
The lesser Barber.
We need to go back to Goodell-gate.
Can't wait for all those things to not be in the game!
Eh, they may have more wins than you, but you have more Super Bowl wins than them? Yay?
Yeah, the perfect candidate for an absentee ballot. Giving the choices though, makes voting tough.
I don't know how I feel about any of these changes, seeing as a man three different classes. I get Bungie's wish to have class play balance, skill play balance, but getting there by making something else less desireable just feels like it's gonna lead to more problems in the future.
I'm actually surprised and a bit sad that a juvenile got sentenced with life without parole. Course I don't know the extent of their crime but damn that's a heavy punishment.
Oh you mean like the AVI?
Life without parole for anything short of murder is an unwarranted punishment.
Cause their rates aren't gonna be fixed, more than anything they'll flucate, and when the rate goes up in September they are gonna be holding a prickly bag.
"hater - horn"
Commercial loans usually have a early pay off penalty, if paid early.
Except for parading cows.
Don't start no wars you can't finish, or Dont drop bombs when the other side has bigger bombs than you, is the moral of this story.
After the Cox deal I can't imagine Miller getting less. Though, if his agent is smart, getting 60MM guaranteed with a 15 - 20MM vestment in the Broncos franchise might persuade him. If Broncos are willing to go that route.
I'm sure you can, least it's done in hockey where a very valuable player is offered such a deal.
Are you built strong enough to see your entire IRA's value be extinguished by a huge fluctuation in price? BTC is highly volatile and not for the faint of heart.
He was on the Fanatic with Mikey Miss once and openly admitted the article he wrote at that time was "completely click bait". He had a good laugh about it.
Guess I'm mixing you up with another writer, sorry about that.
Pretty much. Oh he's doing bad? *You don't say....*
Days? More like years.
Imagine it be for pistols. John Wayne perk, never have to reload your pistol.
"I'll work with any US President, just don't tell us how to live." -Every World Leader, at the moment.
But...is he clutch?
I was being sarcastic.
You can, you'd need to swallow like 3 gallons of it though. Just pray he brush his teeth and doesn't have bleeding gums?
A lovely repost, I always wondered why he doesn't just empty the bottles and keep them.
I've come to expect it. And report it, no hard feelings but there's plenty of comedy to make up and post.
North Korea mortgages their entire County for one plane.
Where was his love when he grabbed Crota by his feet and threw him out of his house? Oryx was a transgender mother effer.
If they leave you a tip that is large, why do you care who they are?
Nah I'm good.
Damn, to think that you're up 3-1 and you couldn't win a single game after that? Only did it to themselves.
That's a god loving lie!
Sounds like my marriage, married in June, pregnant by September. And then again, two years later same time.
Green plays the enforcer role, but after its all said and done he can he a stand up guy and a fan of the game. A man has to be a man win or loss.
LeBron goes to Lakers, Russell gets traded to Alaska.
As a financial services provider, obtain life insurance. I have an index policy for myself, wife, and daughter. Getting another one for the baby. Depending on what you want to do, term policies work well too. Open a 529 college fund now, $25 or $100 a month into helps build their college fund. Save where you can, diapers are expensive, so coupon clip. Breastfeeding will save you money, get a pump and have your wife start pumping. Have her use the hospital pump when not feeding at the start. The more she pumps and feeds the more she'll produce. The faster she'll also lose the weight, even if she doesn't eat she'll produce milk. Get them crib trained asap, get them on a schedule. Wake, bathe, feed, sleep, feed, sleep. If they end up sleeping in the same bed with you, don't make it a habit because it'll burn you when they get older. Though the first week or two you won't need to bathe them that often. Remember warm water, when they are incubating they sit on 89 degree fluid. Babies cry, that's what they do. Usually it means they are either hungry, tired, or want attention. Learn and try to swaddle them, it mimics how they felt in the womb and at the same time can help prevent their legs from dislocation at the hips. Be aware swaddling may make the baby sleep a long time so when it comes time to feed them gently wake them and feed em. You don't need to outfit your home with the Super expensive baby stuff, or toys. Babies will enjoy just holding an empty plastic bottle of water. Everything will be new to them and amazing. They get into everywhere and everything, so be aware of that. If you are at your wits ends, /r/parenting is a good source and other parents. I haven't seen everything, or experienced everything but someone has. If you want any other advice on something else, just ask, me or anyone. You are the parent now, and paternal instincts will kick in.
Yep.
Or that group of peaceful white people who attacked that other evil gay couple in Center City.
Found a disgruntled Warriors fan guys!
Hey, we're gonna make you pay more taxes that will make your councilman rich.
Share = prayers for the Traveler No share = darkness wins
I got there to actually review stuff. I post any questions here and I get some condescending cockbag calling me an idiot. It's not as friendly there but there's more to actually read and digest than this sub.
What website?
Yeah? So you're telling me that group of white people didn't attack that gay couple right? The one with all that news coverage? Fuck out of here man.
74%? I'm surprised it isn't higher, but what I'd like to ask what would someone's suggestion be to increase Netflix's revenue? The more money they can generate the more content they can make. Now, if say they opened up Netflix for free like Hulu is, and had ad breaks, and no ad breaks if you subscribed, I wouldn't be mad at that. Well, so long as the subscription price doesn't change wildly anyway.
Crying LeBron doesn't work though, he's too overjoyed with happiness. Jordan's tears are more subtle, subdued, and powerful. This is why Jordan will always be better than LeBron, least in meme form anyway.
A bit, but they won't mention that they've been to more Super Bowls than many teams.
/r/rule34
We'll revisit this argument AFTER LeBron retires. It's moot right now.
It is fucking moot. How you can compare the legacy of a hall of fame who is retired versus a future Hall of famer who is still playing is fucking stupid.
These posts are funny, until you get someone who catches feelings about this from /r/all. I wish I could enjoy the social comedy with someone getting hurt feelings over it.
If it makes you sleep easier at night to say that to yourself it's okay. No one is judging you.
*vespas
It would take too long to enact civic justice.
I swear the lightning just tracks you. Even at the most awkward angles.
Oh the people at /r/The_Donald must be throwing up and sodomozing themselves after reading that. Work with Sanders supporters? Lol.
Just kick the new player, it'll stop the transfer.
Bull shit, you can't call Sanders supporters cucks and expect them to join on up when Sanders doesn't get the nomination. That's the problem with his supporters, at least on Reddit.
There was a driving simulator that created the entire US, you could drive from Philly to LA. Technology is certainly there.
Hopefully in rise of iron and proceeding iterations of Destiny, Bungie doesn't do blanket nerfs that make the exotics we earn from hard missions and tasks obsolete.
Or ToM and a Titan with blessing of light and glasshouse.
Gotten 2.
You think they'll create the game at a 1 to 1 scale? I'm sorry I'm not sure if you're trolling or just that daft.
I'm not aruging that it needed balance, I'm just saying the Sentry meta is far more hated, though in retrospect, it is the other side of the spectrum from being able to down someone in less than 10 seconds than not being able to down someone at all.
Oh... *memories*....
Don't sort it out with the bank, take Comcast to small claims court. It'll cost you less to file, they are banking, no pun intended, on you to clear up their error. Might as well do it publically.
Go my son, and enjoy the deliciousness of life, short and full of cholesterol as it may be.
Seeing how finer points of LA was rendered for GTA V I'm sure they can accomplish it.
Shots fired...?
Everyone Hates Us, and we don't care! -Philly
Michael Jordan, greatest GM of All-time.
It's nice to have on your resume. Especially if the air force actually sends people into space.
Take a joke. An honest joke.
You didn't do it right, the fuck needs to be bold like this; **FUCK YOU**
I'm just waiting for \#MakeKnicksGreatAgain to start showing up.
Fun fact, Donnie "Long Ball" Jones was the Eagles player of the game when lopsided defeat on a Halloween game. Our side bar was him with inverted colors. Spooky!
I think the Devs realized how broken rangefinder and shot package were together and got rid of the most powerful one.
They aren't legacy engrams, and it's just a DLC we are getting, not an entirely new game.
I hope it's year 2 because ROI isn't year 3.
Either way, its a win/win, Win if it does decrypt into a new LL, otherwise a win because I'll rank up my cryptarch and get more SC for 3oCs.
That's not entirely true, I had engrams saved during HoW that I never decrypted and when I did do it in TTK it was at the TTK pool.
Just gonna wait and see, there's no downside to this no matter which way it pans out.
You mean that tea bagging someone relentlessly isn't the same thing?
What would the red or blues lines mean individually, red means it goes down and blue goes up?
I think that had more to do with Michael not selling his name to 2k Sports. Or him not getting enough. Similar to EA when they were making boxing games, couldn't get Tyson on the bill.
Only idiots are serious about something so stupid.
Because it's Jordan, the Jordan brand is a multi-million dollar brand. 2k at first probably couldn't afford the license.
Whiskey, copious amounts toll I black out.
"He has hands, I have hands"
Just like how the Cowboys had Murray starting for the Cowboys but was already on the Eagles roster. Nothing gets updated till rosters are required to be turned in probably.
Responses below, I believe MJ wasn't a part of the players association therefore isn't a part of CBAs and other negotiated stuff surrounding the league and it's players.
Least 93% is the majority of PC players, not so much consoles who weathered the hacker shit storm.
It's still a top ten stream as far as PSLive is concerned.
GFY, I'm sorry but does this mean Get fucked Yo, or good for you?
Yeah? That's totally the opposite of what you were trying to say though.
Never really, she isn't vocal and she keeps it that way.
Crota, hands down.
The thing about BRexit is that Cameron needed to enact Article 50 of the Lisbon treaty immediately in order to exit the EU. That didn't happen, the exiters were banking on him doing that and then a vote of no confidence would shortly follow to oust him. But he stepped down before doing so. Now in November when or if an exiter becomes PM they'll have to enact A50 but doing so becomes political suicide. The vote for BRexit is advisory for parliament and not obligatory when it comes to following through with it.
Ops GF's must be a 9 or 10 for him to deal with that.
Not salty with you, but when I see bullshit I call it out. What Bungie tweeted was bullshit. I'm still getting contacting destiny servers, two days into IB.
They are having fun? Let's fix that!
It's pretty awesome Cena embracing the meme surrounding him. Just imagine him sitting at the table whole Cricket was pitching the concept.
Cute, I posted about BC but sure, you wanna circle jerk and not even be remotely honest go ahead champ.
But what about the Muppet who had AIDS?
It was the South Africa version of Sesame Street aka Takalani Sesame, circa 2002.
This is essentially trading the news, or lack thereof coming out of apple. That's what I got from it. OP needs help with his power point flow chart.
Up to you, no one complains about gains. Everyone hangs themselves over losses, no matter how miniscule.
Won't happen though.
The concept of Trials is condemned sound but it takes away from the spirit of the game, which is to have fun. I'd love to go back to the lighthouse, but I just run trials for the bounties.
Clan receptacle.
PS4 exclusive! Yeah that does suck.
