Valyrian Steel, forged with dragonfire.
Its slightly off everywhere in the world, more the further you are a way from the UK.
I put blonde highlights in my hair, which is black... It never quite bleached right, ended up with an ugly copper.
Thanks for the handbook link, I've got to re-test for my license in july and wondered if they had one digitally available. The yield sign at Fayetteville and I-40 near Southpoint enrages me sometimes with the number of drivers that power through it, then honk at you when you don't slow for them.
Or until he turned down Batman Begins.
$100 mil is whole contract, but they are talking ~45 guaranteed in lots of places.
0-1, Sept 30 2012 against ATL.
Near the new bridge over 40 behind the mall.
"Moral fibre? I invented moral fibre! Pappy O'Daniel was displaying rectitude and high-mindedness when that egghead you work for was still messing his drawers!"
I was on my bike doing a time trial, so I didn't stop.
Gayliens!
Actually doing an international Tri on Sunday, just a practice run at maintaining solid speed.
By god and sunny jesus if you are fucking with me...
Since I discovered Isopure I have not gone back to making them myself. The coffee-espresso flavor tastes just like a jamoca shake, when made with almond milk.
I liked the strawberry and cream, but this coffee knocks it out of the park! I'm interested in the banana as well.
Maybe you should see your doctor.
Worked great for Sega and the Saturn.
Check your bash profile or rc for a command its attempting to run that isn't avail on your system.
Yeah, so I've got an Olympic Tri on Sunday... I'm not sweating it.
Not an error, he said capital of the country in which the space needle is located to show it wouldn't confuse the Washingtons.
Guy number 1: Buy yourself a duck. Guy number 2: Submit that shit, and wait for the first bug reports.
EPEL are fedora packages that didn't make the redhat stable cut, but are useful for EL installations. Rpmfusion is a third party repo with a lot of other packages. There used to be a similar RPMForge repo for EL but its kind of defunct now.
When the "Lord of Light" brings her back, healed of Greyscale, you're all gonna be right back on the Stannis bandwagon.
You could copy the contents to a usb key or whatever, move it to your system and set up the folder as a local repo source.
How did you do? It was my first "long distance" and I set my goals and blew them out of the water, posting my fastest swim and bike times ever, but was in a lot of pain for the run and had to walk a portion. 3:33:29
Same with the bill he just vetoed about magistrates excusing themselves.
Second this, I'm full Keto Adapted, just finished an International on Sunday and felt great (energy-wise) the whole time, off some bacon, eggs, and cheese 2 hours before race, and half of a Quest protein bar between bike and run.
ressurection res-erection
Buddy of mine I did the race with about died on the swim and was cramping up the whole time for bike/run...
My buddy's garmin short-distanced our swim by 200 meters on Sunday, so we were wondering if it were an accuracy issue.
[Her](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/8NxeO2BPNaf_zIyxaoUQCxTcp8rz3Mbj49VMr1Nl6C5S=w581-h869-no), I want to be around to walk her down the aisle in 25 years... and not just walk, but be able to dance like a fool!
Sometimes it takes an entire generation of new medical students to accept and apply advancements in teaching in a certain subject. Note that the HCLF diet has been taught as gospel truth for almost a half century now, which accounts for at least 5 generations of medical experts trained to think that way.
Thanks.
The Stairwell from Hell!
Normally I am Tri-Training, but I am taking a month off for recuperation, and basic muscle strengthening, so my cardio is cut a lot, and thus caloric burn are going to decrease a lot, so I'm just trying to prepare.
I don't have an actual mother-in-law, as she passed away a few years before I met my wife, though I think she'd have been quite awesome. My father-in-law's current girlfriend is absolutely terrible, but it's a whole different degree. There are people you like, and people you don't like... and then there are people that are just plain bad people... she's one of the latter.
Christopher Lee died Sunday, they just announced it today.
Its essentially all broccoli and spinach for me currently.
Where is that airing, I've seen two ads not to here in NC.
Oreo Mint Milkshake
Some play of wording? "Lord of light, I beseech you, raise unto us our one true king." Cut scene, Jon sits up.
Yakko's World
Congrats dude, on my way to meet you shortly, I hope.
My wife said, blood doesn't run that way on ice... Kinda creeped me out.
This was my thought, did I miss something? Edit: Downvotes but no answer... Excellent.
I guess Mr Gorsky's getting anal tonight.
Thanks, it's my general line of thinking right now.
This I was worried about, not to mention the Las Vegas factor.
He said he was coming back y'all. What did you expect?
Pennywise, I caught the beginning of IT when I was like 8 at my grandparents house, and don't think I actually ever watched it through till I was in my 20s. By then it looked so stupid.
It is, they call it the Faces Set.
Was that Dodongo?
The freakin' floor being lava... How the hell am I supposed to get from my bed to the toilet, I've gotta pee.
They come running up to me when I'm looking at the 4k 65" tv... then they realize I'm not going to buy it then and there, and poof! Jimmy Hoffa.
You will likely find quite a few differing libs and it won't install.
Advil.
I've been doing triathlons for almost a year now, and I notice I have a lot more stage 3 energy than my compatriots.
Get a little more creative, he only has to buy the people that won't already vote for him, and only has to get 50+% of one of the major EC states to swing the election...
There's a fee they charge students and staff, and you can only access if you have an affiliate ID to the university.
I am member at the Durham Y, the downtown branch isn't far from duke, easy drive or bike. I used to go to Millinium Fitness on Hillsborough, not far from campus either.
Look its not what he is that matters, but how he identifies. When he gets back, we'll ask him...
I love them, the caramel chocolate nut roll really tastes like a Baby Ruth and is my goto snack when my wife breaks out chocolate and ice cream.
Trad wings at BW3, just make sure you stick to buffalo sauce.
Be a TMo customer now, no contract, they do something dumb, walk away.
TWC for cable/internet together. Frontier for DSL although they advertise 6mbps around the area and 12 in downtown durham, they've only been able to deliver 3mbps at my house.
Tee-ball.
I actually only discovered this race existed because I read this story last week. Total bummer, I don't even have a super nice bike, but you bet my gear goes in the hotel room with me.
Man I can pick up 5-6 pounds of water weight overnight depending on what I eat, 8 lbs for a pro athlete I'm not too concerned about.
Our actual wedding cake was more traditional, but my grooms cake was an xbox360 with a copy of Arkham Asylum.
Busy... So scratch omnipotent and omnipresent... Only one leg to stand on...
You'll likely have some questions about certain characters, but you should def play Asylum and City anyways because they are marvelous.
See that thing there... That's called a fence, an attempt to contain the danger, and protect the safety of others.
Probably a cool chick like my wife. Dude's lucky.
My wife thought it was quite cute as well.
Heavy whipping cream and unsweeted almond milk first thing in the morning, no sugar. Black and night the rest of the day.
Another One Bites the Dust
I know two other couples that are Liz and Dave... very interesting.
Look, I don't know about you, but I see Metallo, Scarecrow, Harley Quinn, and Catman... I fail to see the problem here.
Death, by Ogbonnaya!
Fallout: New Vegas
Real IMAX is a wonderful to see, your peripheral vision is totally consumed, very nice chairs and the sound quality is phenomenal.
The digital IMAX is bs, but still quite a bit better than any theatre in town. It's all I will watch, and why I also only go to the cinema like 3 times a year.
I'm excited, until they change the battle system, the materia system, and the story... They've already said it won't be just a HD skinned version of the same game.
There's a nasty pothole in the bike lane on MLK at one point that I discovered the hard ward. I stay on the sidewalk through that area, have had quite a few police officers drive by while riding without the slightest bit of interest in me. I don't think that citation is worth their time.
This is where the no-preorder policy will come in so handy.
That's basically my policy, ask me to do something and I will go out of my way to help... Demand I do something... Yeah, that's a ballgame, goodnight.
I mean organizing it as a group will get us nowhere I agree, but I really never sat back and thought about the disappointment I've experienced for super hyped games I had preordered til someone here brought it up and I was like... Wait a minute. I want Arkham Knight so bad, but I'm at a conference all next week, I'll read some reviews and the go out and pick it up Friday.
That has always been one of my favorite trivia questions... Which of these large cats is not related: Leopard, Jaguar, Panther, or Cheetah. Most people only think about the spots and get the question wrong.
Call me a homer, but seeing a Colts/Panthers Superbowl would be a blast for the YoungQB showcase. The last several years have all featured at least one veteren QB.
I was going 5+, I must've counted wrong.
Like any large city there are good and bad spots. School performance ratings are based on an average of standardized test scores, and unfortunately a large portion of the school enrollment in Durham is lower SES, which skews the overall scores terribly. Each school is different, call and take a tour, see what you think.
Had there been a car right there I would've likely been clipped, as it kicked me out to the side, but it was like 10:30am and fairly deserted.
They copied their dbs off a few hours before.
I wish it surprised me the way it declared my standing... I tried my best to be specific in each question instead of accepting straight yes/no.
I don't wanna leave the jungle, no no, no no no no.
Don't give him the benefit of an accelerant...
The car cuts over quick and hard brakes to get rear-ended and an insurance claim. Sometime they try to extort money from the other driver not to file. In this case, no collision ever happened, and the car in front called the cops to report it anyways. Fortunately it was all caught on camera, and he was arrested for false report.
[X-Clown](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=y_tk9MFKAVs) often considered the greatest play in Panthers history.
You hear about it every now and again... Unfortunately there are assholes everywhere.
I like the AMC at Southpoint. Clean, cool, and usually plenty of times for new releases.
So I know he's Damien's bio-dad, and he adopted Dick... Has he also adopted Tim? I'm a little out of the loop.
...and none of that ever happened.
I just did an Olympic Tri fully keto adapted a few weeks back a d ran circles around the guy I train with... ID like to say I'm surprised, but I know how good this feels.
Easiest way it was explained to me. A carbohydrate chain can take 3 forms: simple, complex, fibrous. Imagine braiding a simple thread with others to make a thicker rope. Simple Carbs are what we call sugar... quick energy burn, and gone, the body uses these for primary sources of energy. Complex Carbs are what we call starches... the energy burn lasts a bit longer, which is why they are recommended for athletes and such for endurance energy. Also why "standard diets" make them a staple. Fibrous Carbs are what we call fiber... at this point the rope is so thick we can't use it... the body dispels this as waste material. (Fiber makes you poop.) The point is, on US labels all 3 are combined in the Total Carbohydrate Nutrition column. As we cannot digest the fiber we do not count it in the Net Carbohydrate count. If you use MFP set your macros accordingly and check your nutrition count, you see your total carbs, and you see your fiber consumed... Try to make sure any extra carbs you use are &lt;= to fiber consumed.
Headed out on Tues morning will be there mid-day and staying til late afternoon Friday.
I wanted to go to the RHEL7.1 and the OpenStack sessions they had. I registered for summit back in Jan/Feb but never saw anywhere on the website where you could pick sessions, only once I got the email about the App last Thurs, and by then all the lab sessions were full. Kind of bummed out.
My original wording was along the lines of burns a bit longer but still quickly used up.
I've liked the idea exposed on here of watching the films in the order of 4-5-2-3-6 and disregard 1. 1 stands alone and almost every plot point introduced during it is wrapped up by the end. Actors and such change between 1-2 as well, and it's really just not needed. This order also retains many of the plot twists and exciting reveals that you will be cheated out of watching them in 1-6 order.
I grab some isopure espresso but make it with unsweetened almond milk and a tablespoon of HWC to give it a little extra body.
Travelling to Boston tomorrow... Packing Cam Newton jersey.
It's our very own Loch Ness Monster.
The only obvious question I have is whether or not the disk is being identified as vda by your system. KVM usually creates /dev/vda, but other hypervisors emulate block devices differently. If you boot into a manual install does it show up as an acceptable install location?
I alternate workouts daily throughout the week, brick on Saturday and take Sunday off. I'd start off small, usually a 15 min bike, followed by a 5 min run... Add a percent each week until you're where you want to be.
Saturdays when i have more time for bricking. Nope, my 5 days a week are usually R, S, B, S, R... Next and it rotates... S, B, R, B, S...
Enjoy your 39.99 two week delivery once there's no competition...
I still want a DirecTV commercial where he appears as Wayne's World Villain Rob Lowe.
In NC a magistrate can withdraw from performance of any marriage in order to avoid issuing licenses to same-sex couples.
Before they passed that law they had several magistrates straight up resign in protest of the court ruling. When the new law passed the local news went and interviewed some of those people asking if they wanted their jobs back now...
I saw that some predicted they'd get both this and Burwell out around the same time and call it a weekend, but if they postponed either announcement til Monday it was to soften the blow... When I saw there was an announcement this morning I was pretty sure what was going down.
Is his birthday too!!!
The law does require them to recuse themselves from performing any marriages, if they so choose thus technically not discriminating.
I'd be up for a code and coffee event. I've never been much for development, always found CS tasks tedious, but would like to pick up some new skills and have fun.
The Harvey Fierstein character was his brother.
Well what the hell am I supposed to do with all these marshmallows.
My favorite thus far is one of the boroughs of Gotham is named '[Otisburg](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tWiwYApseDk)'.
To be fair, we've been at war 222/239 years we've been in existence.
It's just a little place Mister Luthor.
So seriously, I played Destiny til the first expansion... bought it, played it like a week longer, and haven't played it at all since. Am I missing anything?
I hope there's a dance this year, they always turn out so well.
Granite Falls Sprint April Kerr Lake International June UNC Super Sprint July OBX Half Sept I have a few other run-only events laced in there as well. And trying to fit another Int in early August.
Basically I'm meeting up with the friend I do big events with and we are looking at doing the same, grabbing a vacation rental for that weekend.
Holy Shit!!! It's Mongo!
It sounds so godawful that I need to try it and see if I survive.
Say what you will about Trump, but that is fundraising genius.
Gallbladder attacks, for a month or two before they figured out what it was because I was "too young".
I have one of the [mouse pad antennas]( http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00IF70T4M/ref=mp_s_a_1_3?qid=1451773298&amp;amp;sr=8-3&amp;amp;pi=SL75_QL70&amp;amp;keywords=50+mile+antenna+indoor) with 50 mile range, it is directional still so you have to have it set right in your house, I get 38 channels right now, when you include the sub-stations, only beef is I don't get abc11 at all, even though I can pick up some stations from Greensboro. It works for CBS, NBC, Fox for football, and gets the CW for the other shows I watch, so I'm usually covered.
It was the first one, he was the main villain.
My apartment let me rent one of their storage garages for the weekend, it worked out quite well for me, put down some cardboard to ensure the area stayed clean.
I had to fly alone with my daughter last thanksgiving, just shy of a year old. I could see the other passengers dreading that seat next to me on a nearly full flight. She watched Jungle Book on my tablet for about 5 mins, and slept the rest of the way.
Loot Kill Return
Dammit Philly, go to your room and think about what you did.
You go earn it yourself. :)
On that backside replay you couldn't tell, but from it front it was painfully obvious.
Is the Jeff Fisher Tie happening?
He throwing a forward pass...
Your George Seifert and the one I remember weren't the same guy...
It's like in College Bball, everyone hates Duke, but Duke only really has vitrol for Carolina.
Was that when it was like 50-nil one week, then same score but reversed the week after?
At least you didn't learn this from having a roommate that dips.
He always seemed like a Zima guy to me...
Thanks, it was early and I was lazy... Now I want to remember what game it was I was thinking of.
3 due to Funchess in particular early on before he figured out how to catch bullets. Hang around Superman kid, he'll take you under his wing.
Jeff Fisher let us down...
Based on the whole "SuperBowl 50" and the big deal that the NFL has made out of it this year, and I understand they are both good teams with talented players, but, if both the Packers and the Chiefs can successfully navigate this bracket and meet in the Superbowl you will never again be able to convince me that the NFL isn't rigged.
We needed the tie for the perfect nfc west parity.
So is this implying that Deadpool in XMO:W is still valid in the current continunity?
I've seen enough Hentai to know that this can't end well...
Trash day they note where trees are, this way they can provide the service without having to canvas the whole city.
I only do a shake after aggressive exercise and use it as part of my recovery. Isopure makes some good powders that are 1carb or less per serving. I love their espresso flavor.
Someone who saw *54* one too many times...
US Air calls Charlotte their home hub on the east coast... Not surprised to see this.
It could be the trend of using your grandmother's maiden name as a first name that got hot in the 90s.
Apparently me wife, since Netflix announced the reunion she's talked about nothing else.
Know any Moira's, people around here look at my daughter like she's an alien.
I know everyone loves the hawks right now, and they are looking good, but an early game @ Minnesota where they are calling for 0F is going to test them a bit.
Electronic meat thermometer, like 20 bucks, literally changed the entire way I grill.
I was told that the city/county school facilities weren't open to the public.
A lot of them end up with us for a while.
I figure they just make Winston player-coach, dude knows what he's doing, right?
The year he was drafted was the first year that I was old enough to watch and appreciate the draft, the anticipation around our pick and stuff, my uncle is a big UGA guy and went on and on about him...
Especially if we can corelate that another set of pick-sixes.
Then have your boys go take care of business the next three weekends. :)
That was mine too, gotta finish that game from last year. Pulling for you but my faith dropped a bit with the loss of Dalton. Looking like he may be back though, so fingers crossed.
Bourbon... Or that charcoal filtered shit from down south...
I don't know I think there might have been a few more forced throws in one direction expecting the big man to go up and make the catch... having to work with the receiving core we have he had to use his progressions more and find the open man.
I totally think the raiders should go there so they and the Spurs so San Antonio can be the Silver and Black Attack city.
Growing up in KY the argument was always too close to Cincy/Indy. When the Rams moved to St Louis, and I recall before the Titans came, there were rumors of the Bengals moving to Louisville, then they approved their new stadium, and it was the nail in the coffin for Louisville.
They talked about getting a pro team in Louisville a few years back, I think they made a bid to have the Hornets when they left Charlotte, said they could play at YUM! but Rick Pitino vetoed it, and without a valid stadium even as a temp site, it never happened.
I find it interesting that range where 17-21 all made the top 10. They were rolling on all cylinders.
Bobby Heenan: "Whose side is he on?!?" Sciavone: "What are you talking about?" Dusty: "Go get em Hogan!" Outsiders clear the ring, terrified he's there, then... The leg drop heard round the world. I was watching on scramblevision, and listening to the announcers was like my moon landing.
I know a lot of people who loved 'The Phantom Menace' on first viewing, I saw it in theatres 3 times, it only soured on me a few years later. I recall a reviewer at the time wrote an honestly negative review about it, and people really let him have it. Point is, opinions are opinions, and peoples views on particular items are want to change over time.
Well the lifestyle, it sustains us. Here we are now, entertainers!
You just have to decide to allow it if it's required, else err on the secure side. Adobe isn't providing updates for flash for Linux beyond the current 11.5.
Unfortunately have to have it to view things like vsphere web client in prod... It blows.
No, just the feel you prefer really, both with have the various compilers available. Almost everything I run in prod DC is Redhat based, so I use fedora, just because it's what I'm used to.
That one play without announcers was phenomenal.
Death by Sunu Sunu.
I say you move the pro-bowl to the hall of fame game, and get those that win the previous season to represent, kind of acts as a first preseason game with a few reps per player, and gets people excited to see all the stars out to open the season.
Gratze!
The problem is you give a friend or family member say 1 mil, and say that should take care of you, and they get mad, wonder why you didn't give them 5...
Apparently not... Once he was able to establish control, he only had one foot in.
http://youtu.be/-tfLncD3pGM
I'm just the opposite, I prefer the shock and awe of stopping and reversing their momentum directly into the ground and standing over their crumpled bodies.
*You can't just put something between two slices of bread, and call it a sandwich. Is a loaf of bread, a bread sandwich?*
Pete Carroll always has the "Well shucks, that didn't work." Look on his face, whether the play was intentional or not.
I wouldn't know, Ron frowns all the time...
I want them, game is going to be so Hype, and I'm tired of hearing about how they're the best team in football. To be the best, you've got to beat the best, I'd like to have them and AZ in our house.
Agreed, its whomever shows up with their A game, two weeks ago we shit the bed in ATL, last week the Cards did the same, and we don't really want to talk about your previous division tussle... Point is we're all good teams, and as they say in Highlander, "In the end, there can be only one."
Its been proven, if you want to be president you have to connect with the common man of Ohio. What better place?
So Matt at QB, and the Punter from Seattle...
It's after a bye week... Though our last game against Seattle was after a bye... I'm so confused...
The permanent record bullshit through school.
I got back and forth between Hulk and Mariachi dude... the makeup on the Hulk with the shading and all is phenomenal.
So I literally made a comment about this advertising strategy last night, and a girl at our table, said all she had seen was that it was a RomCom and she was excited to see it... I had to ask her if she was joking, and she said she had only seen 3 ads and they were all the same.
Dirt broke people, that watch TV ads.
Tecmo Bowl roster is getting closer to reality...
It's been me all along!
Since they legally can't hold the office til 35, they tend to all be in that midlife crisis age when first elected. Youngest to hold office was TR @42... Your body really changes physically between 35-50, the added stress really must have an effect as well. I'd love to see photos of "normal" people, from these two days and see how they differ.
Week, microsecond...
Is that what we're gonna do tonight, we gonna fight?
The Panthers play it after every home game win, even though Caroline Kennedy != Carolina, and the Sox we are not...
So would they be expected to share the coliseum until the new stadium is built or what would be the chargers goto home site... I heard some talk about the angels field being converted for football...
2/5 on main numbers is nothing, just getting the powerball is like $10 or something small.
Only the PB matters where its at, the rest of then numbers are sorting in rising order on ticket, and on final results.
At least he's not married to a Pats fan... ... &lt;sigh&gt; ... OK, I'm going to leave now.
The old Kentucky lottery pick 6 had a bonus for getting them in correct order as well.
I do that occasionally, Gronkowski was my first pick this year, at #7 overall, and my team name was Gronkey Punch... Wound up in the finals, me with Cam and Gronk, and my opponent had Brady and Olsen, kind of funny to say the least.
We had a great experience with [The Kemble Team](http://www.thekembleteam.com/). Tom's a bit of a talker, but having two of them is really cool when you need an answer on something or decide you have a free day to go looking.
Huevos Con Chorizo FTW!!! Half serving of black beans, Guac Salad.
4-6 per half cup I believe, most restaurants don't give you that much.
I didn't say half cup, I said half serving, I use the nutritional calculator at moes for a lot of Mexican stuff. A serving of black beans is 20 carbs with 9 fiber. So +11, half of that serving would be 4-6.
Lemmy beat it by 4 days.
He's actually been not-well for a while, and being totally unaware that Bowie or Rickman, or even Lemmy Kilmeister had cancer, they all surprised me.
Is that possible?
[Twice a week?](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=RMUEqRx-C-g)
Lynche kinchy collie Mollie dingo dingo.
17 carries, 54 yards.
They keep hearing the same ESPN stat about Seattle and RW are 4-1 against the Cam led Panthers. Those teams were those teams, this team is different. We'll get a chance to prove ourselves Sunday. Like I said, I wanted this matchup... To be the best, you gotta beat the best! Whooooo!
I live on those, use them a pizza crust, and for tuna melts, and egg and bacon wraps... They make a smaller one that is 120 cals and 4 net carbs as well.
Wonder if he owns an Owen jersey?
I always wondered what happened to them, the one in my home town just up and disappeared one day.
Out there they have the Haw River Brewery and there is a restaurant up top. Not much else there without driving back up Carrboro way.
No, you will switch from 17 to 5 at 6:30.
I could be wrong, I don't follow the way the Seahawks coaching staff does things, with injury reports and such, but with every new tweet, every excited update, I feel I should be looking for the sleight of hand.
I'm at a wedding, what's happening?!?
It's a blast. Prob best DJ I've seen in a long while.
Went to a wedding DJ starts a song, my wife and I jump up to dance, only to realize we have no clue what in hades we are listening to... We sit back down...
Got my jersey on, currently away at a wedding, but hopefully I make it home in time to brew some coffee in my lucky mug and enjoy the game. Made it home, brewed a pot of coffee at 12:40 just so I could keep to tradition.
Who took the over?
I think he's coming here to warn people because he got booted.
Hoculi walking down sideline all gangsta.
They won't, we need to keep playing, they scrappy.
Alright boys, little setback, lets keep it rolling.
Probably since they 6th seed, they get toughest road.
It takes til noon PST, happened in minnesota last week too, they started moving the ball after they woke up.
Well that sucks.
We've had a lot of games against Seattle where RW makes miracles happen on 3 and super long. I don't want to see that again.
Ahhhhh!
I want a Luke Kuechley garden gnome.
Occasionally Fox and CBS trade games, but rarely is that "Game of the Week"
Cam dropping the Fbombs.
No, I know they made a deal of it years ago, he has a prob with drymouth, that's why he's chewing gum all game too.
Way to get the toes down, I hate it, but call me impressed.
RW always has those bs lucky tossups, and they always seem to go his way... Last week at Minnesota, and now this one.
He got a finger on the ball, just not enough to bat it down.
I think it was supposed to be if Carolina didn't line up for it, but once they did he kicked it on off.
Yeah, I do. But it happens on all the time with Wilson usually scrambling for his life and throwing it up. It's been the turnaround play in 2 of the earlier Sea/Car games.
In 19 seconds we couldn't do it again, and ideally we don't need the last TO. It's worth a shot.
Yep.
And he came out at the half and said we weren't going to slow down... Did he punk us?
I love that our hands team is Kuechley, Davis, Harper, and Tolbert.
I said we would either lose a close game or win in a blowout... While it looked like I would be right for a while there, I'm glad I was wrong. I really wish we wouldn't do that to ourselves.
We play next year at CLink, its our rotation through the NFC West.
You know, if I were in this position, there is no way I could bring myself to utter that sentence with: Falcons, Bucs, or Saints...
But I wonder if you guys had put up 7, or 10 before the half, if our mentality would've changed so much?
Your kicker kicked it out of bounds on a kickoff when you were tied?
I wish that was the case, but we kind of stopped after 30 mins.
Personal list: 1. Hunky Dory 2. Let's Dance 3. Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust
I'd have brought the whole team to the east coast a week early, set up shop in DC or Atlanta for practice.
That covers 3 of Bowie's reinventions. None of those albums sounds exactly like the others.
I think my only thing was when they came out after the half, Pam said she talked to Ron and he said even though we've got a big lead, we can't get conservative, we have to keep rolling... and then we did the exact opposite. I'm proud we played good stable mistake-free clock ball in the 2nd half, and I know it took a few miracle plays to get Seattle where they were, but it had me pacing my living room floor where, a good solid TD drive halfway through the third, or at least 1-2 more FG's would have eased that tension.
I just need the call for Norman sacking Wilson... "As God as my witness, he is broken in half!"
I had a lot of local builders recommended and had several quotes done, the best one turned out just having Lowes exterior products plan and build it out. They contract with a group out of Greensboro for the labor, and sell all the supplies needed to build it out. We demolished a 10x12 and replaced it with a large 12x36 deck that has totally changed the way we use our outdoor space.
I want them to sell a BradyManning Burger during the AFC championship game this weekend.
I hear St. Louis needs a team...
So you've all seen pics of my daughter rocking her Cam jersey. Yesterday before the game when they showed Cam warming up, I asked her, "Where's the Supercam?" Without hesitation, she pointed at the TV, did the shirt pull hand motion, and said "Supercam!" What got me is this wasn't something we'd practiced, and I promise I don't run around my living room doing a shirt pull when we score, but she picked it up somewhere. She immediately clammed up in front of my wife, and my two buds that came over to watch the game, and wouldn't do it for the rest of the day until after we won the game. Still super hyped!
Good, we got all over RW in the first half yesterday, I don't think there was a throw he made without a hand already on him. But he is elusive, Palmer not so much. We bring the same game, hit him hard a few times.
Video shows recover on 1, retry FG.
The Craft*ing* A movie about outcast high school girls who bond over after school activities involving knitting and crochet.
Isn't there a website dedicated to that?
I see this as the night where Owens goes over Ambrose, but then Ambrose enters the rumble and wins, a la Bret Hart, 1994.
I always wanted to pay $2500 for a new iphone. The Donald will make that happen!
I hate picking in these threads, especially when my team is playing, but here goes: Pats vs Broncos: A game that is closer than it looks right now, Peyton plays largely safe, mistake free football and lets his Defense and run-game do the work... 21-17 Broncos. Cards vs Panthers: This is the game I've waited all season to see, I think the Panthers Pash rush and Carson's lack of mobility in the pocket will decide this one. Much closer to the Seattle/Cards game a few weeks ago... 34-10 Carolina.
Might have been a bye-week hangover... we're notorious for them, in the Cam/Rivera era we were 0-5 til this year (beat Seattle twice post-bye). Even outside of byes, just long breaks like the Thurs vs Dallas -&gt; Sunday New Orleans game, 10 days later, and we really started sluggish. I'm really looking forward to this game.
"Be silent! Keep your forked tongue behind your teeth."
You and me both bud... had a physical workup recently?
Bull City Burger and Brewery, Pompieri Pizza, and Dos Perros are all three straight up the block from DPAC.
It's so much better to have your local radio call on, and mute the TV. So the commercials don't line up... sometimes it's more interesting that way.
Mortimer, your brother is not well.
Hoch was at the game Sunday, I think they have spare crews there for a reason and you saw him and two other officials walking down sideline in black windsuits.
Picking Cards to score less than two TDs, and picking a gimpy broken 40 year old to beat a fairly healthy Pats team...
So maybe I don't know how to do this correctly, I look at OPs post, and only one of those seems unlikely, and none really bold at all.
Trumpstamp, FTW.
I cut ties with DirecTV in September, and have had practically no problems just going straight Antennae... though they send me mailers every 3-4 days about new deals that they'd like to have me back.
I played a bit more before I had a kid, but I'm at least 2 years rusty. I'd love to get in a round or two mid late afternoon sometime since daycare pickup isn't til 6.
Weight isn't everything, check out your measurements, and your BF%.
Never got my samples last year either.
That's it, ice! We can wait for winter, and when the lake freezes we can push the Delorean across... Doc, you get shot on Monday!
They suggest you put the longer studs on so you plant and get stuck?
I had to do a presentation once, and cited that Pluto was currently the 8th planet, as its orbit had a crossed Neptune's. I got a C for incorrect information.
The Us vs Them mindset has been conditioned in this country for a long time, and its very hard to break people of their habits. Modifying the "first past the pole" election type would go a long way in remedying this thinking, allowing us to take the little intricacies of each candidate into account during the general.
Ran off the road in a snowstorm once, my pickup is rear wheel drive, it kept spinning and couldn't get back on the road. As I'm there for 30 mins or so, a black Rolls pulls over, I'd never seen one on the road before, especially in NC. Two guys in long wool coats, gloves and nice dress pants get out, ask if I need a push. They help me get the truck back up on the road. I thank them, they wave, wish me a happy holiday, and are off as soon as they had come.
I'll have the occasion cheat day, but I still try to keep the carbs to under 100. One piece of cake or one serving of ice cream, usually brings 50-60 carbs with it. I do notice that I'll go a few days afterward without any discernable weight loss. If I go much higher, I'll experience so for of gastric distress and feel sluggish for a few days.
Were you a man, did you swallow it back down?
I've never been happier to live in a neighborhood with underground power lines, we rarely have problems during inclement weather.
My daughter, I think, is a little older than your little dude, next you get [this](https://vine.co/v/ieDmArxBYMY).
No, moved here in 05. But I've heard tales.
I'm seriously considering restarting just so I can kill Preston and his crew when I meet them in Concord.
I haven't picked up any obstacle races this year, Kerr Lake Oly Tri is first week of June... I did the panic point zombie run in May last year.
I have a single CD ROM with FO 1, 2, and Tactics, but I don't have a gaming pc anymore... :'(
How far is Pinehurst from Charlotte metro?
Desitin, not only for babies...
I don't have anything with Windows on it anymore...
I did it last year, my first Oly... I want to improve my time this year.
The few problems we've had have been stuff at sub-stations that have taken out a large swath of South Durham... So it makes sense.
My neighborhood roads in South Durham are icing as I type this because we are getting a layer of sleet on top of the little snow we got this morning.
Pull yourself up by your bootstraps. It's physically impossible.
He picked the Giants to roll us, but he's a Giant's homer, so I took it with a grain of salt... it's just good fun. We play our A game, we've got this.
I woke up at 2am for some reason, played fallout til 5...
So its a fracture in the 5th metatarsal, really nothing you can do for it but stay off until it heals. He could likely painkiller up and play through it, but risks worse injury. I'd like to see him rest it for two weeks and get his snaps in the big game, assuming we bring our A game tomorrow.
Ohh you... 40 isn't bad, I was surprised at the amount of snow on both 751 and 54 though...
At Southpoint mall right now, like 3 people in the whole place.
Oh you...
Not til noon, brought our kiddo to the play place.
Diff property perhaps, this one was built in 2002.
Not bad, 38 mins in my first open-water. Without a coach I don't expect my form to get any better so I've just been concentrating on core and upper body strength. I finished at 3:13 last year, want to get the total under 3 this year. Doomsnow not too bad, got the kid out in it to play a bit.
40 and roads like 54 look good, its mostly just neighborhoods now.
Did anyone else's chart view make Panthers red and Cardinals blue?
As both division winners they have to play each other next year, should he not retire.
I couldn't sleep yesterday I was so hyped, the game seemed so far away... Last night, I slept like a baby, its gotta be confidence, we got this!
Man is a total pro, method acting at its best... Could've sworn that bear was real. It's a shame he wasn't nominated for an Oscar... If only the role were written as a polar bear...
I so hope Guillermo does this story justice. My favorite from these collections has always been 'The Appointment'
A majority of it was in one song as well...
If you can't watch, tunein has a free 7 day trial that lets you stream either broadcast side on the radio. It's saved my life while travelling.
For the ignorant, we procure the PSLs from you, what do the season tix for your section run?
I mostly do the 20 mile lap on the ATT from downtown to the Chatham county line.
A lot of tix in Charlotte still for re-sell, with not-so-bad prices due to weather, I really want to go, but I'm like 1-7 lifetime in Panthers games I attend...
He does at least keep up with what down it is... Right Troy?
Last years Lions game is my only win, and I went with a LionBro that had his own 0-4 streak going, so one of us had to win... I even sold my Redskins tix earlier this year when the streak was going just to avoid fate.
Just make sure your phone is charged, also just in case download it in PDF form on device just in case TM app hoses up, or you lose network connectivity.
3 eggs, 4 thick cut bacon, and coffee from my Panthers mug.
Its hard to get it synced up, but what's really cool is when a radio commercial happens to line up with a TV commercial...
We tend to compromise... She has a white Panthers jersey #12... Our last name. Our 2 year old daughter knows how to Supercam and GronkSmash...
You could try the Al Buchler trail at Duke, there's likely to be snowcover, but not so much ice as you're on gravel instead of asphalt.
Mlk is very clean from 55, to 15-501. Unsure about twa.
Sweet.
It was Dick Jauron wasn't it?
Materia... Magic rock = magic powers.
It was like 10 seconds, they covered one Brady pick, no other scores or anything. Its like they dont know what to do with no other games on.
Didn't expect FoxBall with a new coach in Denver...
Looking at Denver's field, I almost feel ours is going to look better...
Demarcus Ware wants that Superbowl badddd.
Dude had a baby 4 days before... That first month your entire life us sucked out, I'm surprised he came back as strong as he did.
I am so hype, game time!!!!
I fixed it, I thought the keyboard was on Swype, but I ended up with that...
Man, seeing Rucker and Minter jerseys on Cardinals players feels weird.
That he started the run before the play from the wing before getting the ball, it may have been longer than that.
Two of our Hall of Honor players, Mike Rucker and Mike Minter.
Pink Toboggan Girl FTW!
We have those occasionally, where a RB just finds a hole in our D and gashes us for 20-30... I don't understand what happens there.
Or that... I'll take that.
He busted off 24 two plays later. Happens to us in the Giants game too, a 26 yard bust for TD.
Ugh!
You said it man!!!!
Hey, no takebacksies!
Couldn't tell if he overshot Dickson, shorted Ginn, or just flat nailed Peterson.
Physical break wasn't obvious, hopefully bonebruise...
They officially declared him and Roman out.
7 solid mins off the clock, and a little more padding, I'll take it.
We are historically better in white in playoffs... Gotta keep the mojo going.
Is there a 2nd half thread?
Yay!
That was Russell Wilson luck there.
The back to back picks earlier...
Are these live musicals getting good ratings?
This soft zone is driving me nuts...
Motion of the catch wasn't complete until he was in the endzone. Forward progress would've stopped before he went in.
Two fumbles too...
Skip-a-dee-doo-da!
Forward progress down on 1, no safety.
CAMVP! CAMVP! CAMVP!
Nnnnnail in the Coffin!
Been trying to get that out of him for 5 years...
Haaaaa!
50!! 50!! Let's make it symbolic!
There's our 6!
Wooooo! Yeah!!!!! Wooooo! Sorry, had to get that out, baby's asleep, do I have to be quiet...
I swore I thought we would go for 50 to make it symbolic...
Visitor team gets to call coin toss though...
So that would've been the all time conference title record, current is 51 by the Bills in 1991, but I think that would've been a dick move... The Bills needed the 51, we didn't.
I said probowl... Because we going to the Superbowl baby!!!
Sorry wrong game, I thought that was a 51-44 game.
I think someone said it best... We just upgraded Thomas Davis, to Thomas Davis with Armor.
He'll play like JJ Watt, prob won't need a club, just a forearm cast, can still wrap up and tackle.
I'd like to have the pro-bowl moved to be the Hall of Fame game... kick off the pre-season... If players retire in the offseason, then they get announced as selections, but still the honor is still there.
Queen: Bohemian Rhapsody
So lets just bench them for the entire pre-season, right?
So I have to ask... when Cam found out we were playing the Broncos he called Peyton Manning "The Sheriff". What nicknames does he have for other players? Edit: First time I'd heard it, sorry.
A co-worker just pointed out John Gruden started it... guess it stuck better than Piano Man.
Thanks, that's a cool image. I was more curious about other players around the league.
So the inclination post game has been that Wade Phillips invented wholly new schemes that there was no previous film for. How do you hang this on your o-line coach?
Or as The Hidden Fortress.
Though, the last time we played Denver we wore all black and got smoked... I'd personally like to exorcize those demons...
It wouldn't have looked as impressive as the logo for Superbowl 40...
It's that cost of living in the Bay Area, Detroit... Not so much.
It's the reason the victory formation exists, extra protection.
A coworker was supposed to go to Sunnyvale for training. Hotel situation was a nightmare, do he rescheduled for March. While looking he saw an AirBNB where someone was renting their townhouse for the weekend for like 10k...
1. Jonathan Stewart 2. 27 3. Panthers 4. Jay-Z 5. 31-10 (Panthers) 6. Panthers 7. 41-17 (Panthers) 8. CAMVP 9. No 10. Thomas Davis
Superbowl LI (Lee) Superbowl LII (Leeee) Superbowl LII (Leeeeeeeee) Superbowl LIV(e)!!!
He should've quit while he *had* a head...
The espresso with coffee, made with unsweeted almond milk to thicken it up is to die for.
Have you looked at your system graphs in myautosupport? If you have your systems doing their weekly checkins it can give you a graph of each aggregate, how vols are laid out, where the aggr free space is, and where the vol free space is. You can compare reports from different days to see how your utilization fluctuates, figure out which vols don't hurt to thin-provision, figure out which vols you should have dedup on...
Cups are the same try putting water in a dry measuring cup and pouring it into a wet measuring cup are not the same
Test it out, fill a dry measuring cup with water, pour it into a liquid measure, the amount isn't exactly the same.
Tuscany, Italy. Perhaps Florence.
I think it's because combat armor wasn't like that in NV or 3. And it's only certain clothes that armor fits over.
You get me...
That angle answered my question on whether or not it was an overthrow. I didn't realize before how far off to the side Ginn was.
Not the best source, scientifically by volume they are the same, but the cups themselves are different for a reason: http://www.oregonlive.com/foodday/index.ssf/2010/10/measuring_cups_are_all_about_p.html I got the two confused, my bad.
Drugs... Answer to both.
Always Velcro.
I'm known for hosting the grandest of parties among my friends but I'm turning over duties this year, as I'm going to be too involved in the game to play good host.
I'm sorry but one of the Green Lanterns is literally Jon Stewart.
Now must see OP try it on...
Unsure about physical properties, but there my be psychological effects based upon the suggested idea. My wife is a nurse and on her unit they can successfully corelate the full moon weekend to the busiest weekend of the month.
I see that now, I just assume typos most of the time.
There are like 6 of them now... Soon opening one in ATL.
Having the Southpoint one literally 5 mins away used to make me feel spoiled, now I have to share with everyone... :(
"Sympathy for the Devil" Placing a character at the center of all of histories misdeeds...
I'd second Boer Brothers for the service experience. As the other user said, unsure if they do ductless but they're awesome.
I was thinking that with flash on Tues and Arrow on weds, that we would see Dahrk win the big battle scene, standing over Oliver's body in victory, and then the time ripple from flashpoint sweeps through and everyone is gone, and we have a heck of a cliffhanger.
It was the first shot, but wasn't released until years later.
You don't have to tell us about that...
I have no problem with switching to a running offense to milk clock with a large lead, but just doing 3 hb draws in row, and still snapping with 20 seconds on the play clock doesn't actually accomplish what you are trying to.
It's usually around 35 bucks plus tip. I'd grab an uber if possible, no need to pay with card on the spot.
I've always thought it was Chris himself, using a company laptop, and VPNd to their corporate network. If I recall, he killed Nancy on Friday, then his son and himself Sunday night.
3/4 = .750
Embrace "CrossFit Jesus" and do a crucifix powerbomb.
He gets to stab his sister... one... last... time.
The rain we had here yesterday made it really muggy today though... ugh.
" It was ME Lesnar! It was me all along!"
They used to brag how big show would moonsault off top rope at the power plant... you laying on the ground, that had to be terrifying.
You mean "Saw" ?
Far left Jason statham?
I thought that was a brim of a street lamp in the background, but the tight crop on stathams sleeve now leads me to believe otherwise... I wonder.
But it's got the feeling that Sony is giving off with Ghostbusters, bringing the original back to theaters for a limited showing before their remake comes out.
Sorry, we don't.
Are we allowed to hate him? I mean he did good for him, and good for us while with us, but, gag, the aints...
I can haz Darkseid plz?
If you were him, would you?
You sure he's not an NC State fan?
&gt;&gt;Baywatch &gt;Fuck that shit. &gt;&gt;Jumanji &gt;I can't resist The Rock. Hmm?
It's not the price, I only go for the super blockbuster in imax 3d that I feel that I need to "experience". I'm going today to see Ghostbusters, only because I've never seen it on a big screen... I need to see a 30 ft Mr Stay Puft.
I love how halfway through the movie he modifies his voice slightly due to the neck wound...
I've always understood this was an effect of him being out of his standard place in the space-time continuum.
When Anna is singing about the opening the castle gates, she walks across the drawbridge through a crowd. Behind her to left and Flynn and Rapunzel (short hair).
The original idea for Gozer was a slick dude in a business suit, played by Paul Reubens before they got the Slavitza Jovan. With all the gender roles reversed, I'm picking Bill Murray for the Gozer role.
8 count... let's kill ourselves.
Asuka and Nia Jax look like they could merge and form Bull Nakano.
He just walked through the background of the interview with Regal.
I love the lighting in the pre match buildup.
Count pinfalls?
This is why we have weight classes...
Destiny ruined pre-orders for me, never again.
It's because he offended "the media" so "the media" wants to keep it fresh.
...tie? [Retching noise]
To be fair, could you represent this as a byproduct of grass-fed vs grain-fed beef?
There's a local place that has a Mediterranean Buffet. Plates of gyro meat, chicken kabobs, and toasted cauliflower ftw.
I'm unsure if there is a better way around it, but I don't think Window's likes you to customize it's bootloader options, and thus it overwrites by default. Your best bet if you already have fedora configured and working the way you like is to install a virtualization client and run windows there.
[hmmm, meat flavored gum....](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/8b/c0/f1/8bc0f1d691aa1471c12280f2926f7ee1.jpg)
Totally normal, I started with a diamondback hybrid, Dicks Sporting Goods special, and after 2-3 races upgraded to a nice cannonball road bike. I do them for fun, to beat personal recs, so I don't see a need for the fanciest gear.
First I heard of it, actually very excited. I missed a chance to see them a few years ago when some friends drive to ATL to see them.
It is, just spent the last hour collecting stuff.
Same here, I was just there a few weeks back, probably my 5th or 6th visit, twice at the resorts and have never seen a gator in that lake, never would've thought of it. I feel horrible for the family, I can't imagine this on my worst day.
You got 37 glimmer and some weapons parts.
Alligator grabbed a toddler from shallow water in Florida Tuesday.
That's a big Twinkie!
Started a hunter in beta, played it maxed out, tossed it for a warlock which I mained forever, now I have a Titan and new hunter that I main.
Southpoint Mall is half up, half down... quite interesting.
The window stickers and yard sign is like 90% of the deterrent.
No, it was the Grand Floridian, which is the large luxury hotel on Disney Property you see as you cross over the large lake on the ferry to enter the park.
The 9th page freed him...
Contra at an older cousins house.
"Legendary" JBL... pfft
They didn't mute him because he cursed, they did it to cover up that godawful accent.
2 new champs in 10 mins, and both are better than Roman Reigns.
Dre Day
With the LinkedIn and Target leaks, I wouldn't be surprised if everyone wasn't listed at least once.
I know it doesn't help Nielsen's but I just signed up for Hulu so I could watch the Raw Replay.
Nice. Thanks for info.
Get up, fail to put on shirt, cook bacon...
I would always start with a sprint. When you're new to the sport you can underestimate the toll of doing all three events sequentially. Do you brick often during training? How do you feel afterwards?
They make the rest of us look good...
Summerslam 94, Hart vs Hart, Undertaker vs Undertaker, and Leslie Nielsen...
Flip their toilet paper rolls.
Welcome to the area, I'm on another team in the league and can attest that fun is the main objective, we all have great team camaraderie afterwards at Brailies after each game.
Thanks
I had seen this in the past with network manager which you said you already disabled... perhaps set the file the way you want and chattr +i to lock it.
I moved many datasets between aggregates on a system this way, it can be fairly convoluted, but it does work well. Now to your questions. 1. Mirroring the qtree does work, but will require some temporary downtime, as you will likely want to snapmirror the qtree to transfer a majority of the data, shut down the vm, so you get the data in a static state and update the snapmirror once more once this is done. 2. The old volume will remain where it is, and writeable, which is why it's very important its unmounted from the host when you do the final sync-up snapmirror to ensure there is no change of data in the source volume. 3. If you rename the old volume to vola_old and rename your vola_mirror to vola, you will still need to reconnect to it. Like I stated before, ideally you will want to have this umounted and unaccessible for a short time to complete a final sync.
Vol move is your best bet for uninterrupted data moves, but the method you described with snapmirror would work too, and would be the only way to do it with remote 7 mode filers/aggrs.
