sooooueeeeee
&gt; every single thread is full people talking about how unelectable he is. I'm seeing just as much proSanders shitposting. Someone just submitted a link to Bernie's campaign store page: http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/380pdl/bernie_sanders_campaign_launches_store/
&gt;But three new papers from the Hutchins Center on Fiscal and Monetary Policy at the Brookings Institution challenge that popular assumption. The research, released Monday, finds little evidence that the Fed has widened the gap between the rich and the poor. If anything, the central bank has given the biggest boost to those in the middle. &gt;That’s because the largest asset held by most families is their home. When the Fed targets higher inflation, debt becomes cheaper -- and mortgages become easier to pay down. Those with the biggest mortgages relative to their income tend to be middle-class, middle-aged households, making them the winners in an era of easy money, argue Matthias Doepke and Veronika Selezneva of Northwestern University and Martin Schneider of Stanford University.
What does this mean?
There's really no debate. Putting the NSFW tag was a very nice thing to do as a lot of folks appreciate the warning and arguing it wasn't required is a bunch of silly, non proveable semantics.
I still don't get how it ended up in between the two concrete slabs? Am I missing something? It looks like the slabs collapsed on it?
I'm like, why would they move the trade deadline? Derp.
HAEGAR DOUBLE 3-0!
&gt;Lets hope our offense can get something going tonight. Your wish has been granted!
Something was definitely done.
boss cast dot net has a permanent link in the sidebar to espn two
revenge baby
&gt;Man I yelled so hard after that last out my neighbours probably thought I was demonic. I didn't need your yelling to think that! /dadjoke
&gt;[“I’ve never argued against any technology being used when you have an imminent threat, an active crime going on. If someone comes out of a liquor store with a weapon and fifty dollars in cash, I don’t care if a drone kills him or a policeman kills him.”](http://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2013/04/23/rand-paul-shockingly-now-supports-the-use-of-drones-on-us-soil-to-kill-americans-so-what-was-that-filibuster-thing-all-about/)
Bernie Sanders. The internet already got burned by ron paul so they can't look to randy as the new savior.
lol, you submitted a gamecast!!! I love it!
&gt;She already loosing ground to sanders faster than when Obama was running. False.
[The GOP loves chimps and that other guy](https://docdlp.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/reagan-bonzo.jpg)
&gt;Once we are adults, we should be able to use the word nigger in the proper context without No sweetie. That's not an adult thing. Adults have respect for other people and don't mind some good old politically correct rules that show respect for other people.
Dead link and it still got 15 upvotes. Good job Sanders brigade!
Stickied. Weigh in people!
Not really. This movement back and forth is an actual feature of a two party Democracy and has been going on since inception. Back in the day, say post WWII, conservatives had to move left as the country itself was feeling friskily progressive. And then after a few decades of feeling progressive, the people moved conservative in the 70s (as a reaction to what they deemed the excesses of progressive-ism) and we moved right. Thus we got Reagan and morning in America and deregulation and tax cuts and war on drugs, etc. And that movement is highly predictable and happening again as we speak. Notice all the polling of how the people are turning left and how in 2014 elections all the progressive shit did well despite the Democrats losing their elections. There's even long historical studies that show these movements have happened like clock work in America. My favorites being "Generations" and my favorite: &gt; Presidential Leadership in Political Time: Reprise and Reappraisal - Stephen Skowronek Which explores how Presidents actually react to this societal mindset and govern accordingly. Thus why Obama and Clinton had to govern as Republican-lite and use triangulation to get anything done in a highly conservative era. Explaining it as "Republicrats who work for billionaires" misses so much good scholarly and historical information that would really help a lot of Americans stop getting mired in the day to day of politics and start seeing the trends that are indelible.
The young folks on reddit don't want to believe that Democracy in a two party FPTP voting system really is a long game of patience and dedication to one party and the principles that you shove that party to adhere to. They want to think that progress happens fast and furious and one person will come along and make change lickity-split. But the truth is that Democracy such as ours is a slow mother fucking game and elections are about turning out a small sliver of the base and change comes when one side unifies and stays on message, doesn't attack itself and wins elections...over decades.
It wasn't just the Republicans and the religious right. America itself moved to the right in the 70s as a reaction to the huge post WWII progressive lurch and what America saw as liberal overreach. It's a natural movement in the continual back and forth between the two ideologies going on here since the beginning. And here we are again seeing the conservative era overreaching and becoming extreme, turning off Americans and forcing the whole shebang to the left. Poll after poll is showing this movement which is just how America rolls. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory
Stop being so cynical! Look how well Ron Paul did with reddit's support behind hi- oh wait...
&gt; Obama was much closer in the polls, had name recognition, is black, and had the support of some establishment democrats like Reid. Plus he had a political machine behind him (Chicago) that was one of the largest and best operations to ever make politics in America.
We've actually made huge progress on legalization in about 15 years (since Cali and MMJ). And that progress is speeding up each year. But attacking this other person and going on a tirade about how impatient you are just sounds silly.
&gt; Mushrooms do not have this effect at all. Nonsense. I did shrooms a lot in my day and have watched inexperienced users get all twisted in their heads and have to be talked down in very dramatic fashion from all sorts of bad trips (usually at concerts and such). The only difference is that in my day, the cops weren't shooting first and asking questions later. Also the reason you should always have an experience 'tour guide' when you trip.
It's very relevant and a good post. Don't listen to the grumps in this thread.
Grifters gotta grift.
But he was the figurehead of the start of that severe right wing lurch. He set the tone with starve the beast, tax cuts for the rich, government bad, welfare reform and all the other things that are now being abused and seen for the failures that they are.
&gt; Every call is recorded, every text, every forum is stored on a database and that database has to be searched; its like looking for a 3 x 5 recipe card in the library of congress or a specific pair of jeans in the Mall of America. Citation? Thanks!
Well, he was a liberal by today's standards when he was governor of California but had to make some pretty big shifts when becoming president. There's some great literature on how President, the ones that govern successfully, have to adopt the tenor of the times into their style or they get nothing done. America in the late 70s and early 80s was racing to the conservative side with aplomb so he was right at the start of one of these shifts. Makes sense that you are correct in your assertions and yet, so am I.
Breitbart gets killed automatically here for its long history of absolute garbage "journalism".
&gt; Republicans will 'spring back' from their extreme to appeal to new voters This is what will happen in a rather boring fashion as they open their tent, quietly eschew their extremes and reform their platform. Great write up, well said.
Actually the article referenced in your article has the detail: &gt;GCHQ and the NSA are consequently able to access and process vast quantities of communications between entirely innocent people, as well as targeted suspects. &gt;This includes recordings of phone calls, the content of email messages, entries on Facebook and the history of any internet user's access to websites – all of which is deemed legal, even though the warrant system was supposed to limit interception to a specified range of targets. http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2013/jun/21/gchq-cables-secret-world-communications-nsa Good stuff, thanks!
Sounds exactly like what is happening right now post Obama...
okay. What exactly have you done to advance the cause?
I very much doubt that. &gt;I neglect small needful tasks because I obsess over the big picture. Sometimes I just cannot get anything done. Plus anything mundane and routine makes want to puke. I haven't leaped this hurdle yet, but at least I know it's tripping me up. &gt;Edit: Oh yeah, I used to a HUGE know-it-all. I couldn't simply listen to a person. I had to chime in with an anecdotal relational story, or some corrective statement(Well actually....) Ugh I can still hear myself. That is one area I feel like I have done some good work. I know longer feel the need to do those things, and I can typically let a person walk away without their opinion and not feel the need to debate them. Dude. You are awesome. Hang in there and keep workin' on yourself.
Take care my friend.
Well, it does happen by more than people dying off. Believe it or not, our political history and process is much more nuanced than that.
All we need to know is that this sub actually broke 100 subscribers!!!! woohoo!
On reddit, it's the bad guy in everything to the 13-24 boys that use this place.
&gt;u.lolbroken - Fucking apes... Seriously over FUCKING because shoes they represent some shit gang that is not yours? There's the racism. Knew it wouldn't take long!
&gt; Millennials now have jobs too, and vote. they need to vote more and in bigger numbers &gt;Back in 2010, the last midterm election, fewer than a quarter of voters ages 18 to 29 showed up at the polls. This year (2014), it's looking even worse: 23 percent of voters under 30 are expected to vote. That's according to Eva Guidarini of the Harvard Institute of Politics, which studies young voters. http://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2014/10/08/354187589/millennial-voters-are-paying-attention-so-why-don-t-more-actually-vote Voting in midterms is killing the left.
It's a concern troll and not a very good one at that. Engaging with that user is like asking to be trolled.
You avoided both my questions: A) why expand government into our lives for B) something we can show is not happening.
No idea why you need to call that human being a moron. It kills your point really.
&gt;People have a tough time with aggregate effect of small changes. Because Americans think they are rugged individuals and bristle at the truth that really, they are a herd animal and things like raising the smoking age or requiring vaccinations actually do a ton of good...for the herd.
&gt;this is an absolutely pointless overreach on the part of the government. No it's not: http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/03/12/us-usa-health-cigarettes-idUSKBN0M81VN20150312 &gt;Raising the minimum age to purchase tobacco products to 21 or 25 years old would significantly reduce their use and tobacco-related illnesses in the United States, a study published Thursday found, suggesting that states and local authorities should consider passing such laws. &gt;If the minimum age was raised to 19 years old, smoking prevalence would decrease 3 percent by 2100. It would decrease by 12 and 16 percent in the same period if the legal age was raised to 21 or 25 years old, according to the study conducted by the influential Institute of Medicine and a panel of experts. &gt;U.S. smoking rates have dropped sharply from 42 percent of the population in 1964 to 18 percent today. Along with many other measures aimed at curbing smoking during that period, states have established minimum legal ages, mostly at 18 years old. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which sponsored the report, cannot increase the minimum age to buy tobacco in the country from 18, but states and local authorities can do so. This is sound policy and saves money long term. You know, fiscal conservation. EDIT: that's it reddit. Downvote people adding information to the conversation.
You and me both. My day to day is so filled to the brim with "be here" and "do this" that I wonder how I function really. These unions are coming soon though. If I had the thought then in a world of 8 billion brains, several others have also.
Hit the wrong thread. Apologies.
I added it to the right thread. This is a good law.
You do, don't you?
barbehque? You seem like a one man/woman army?
"I make shit up because anything else would require actual work!" -- ToatsMcGoats9
&gt;why did transportation industries bother? I don't understand this. These figures are individuals and PACS lumped together. So maybe the individuals in transportation have a LOT less money than the very wealthy (by comparison) individuals in the finance industry? I think your framing of the question just seems odd. If you hover over transportation in the graph it pops up with 187,000(ish) from individuals and the rest from a PAC. So my guess if transportation just has less cash in it than other ones. As for the 'why bother' part, Why wouldn't they want to give if they like her and want her to win. 200,000 isn't chump change. It all adds up. Maybe I'm missing your point.
Sufjan is amazing. Great second date experience.
Be careful, those streets get a lot of folks looking to pray on tourists and whatnot.
Check out their positions: - Opposed to using the government shutdown and debt ceiling limit as negotiating tactics [11] - Supported the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA).[12] - Support for business globalization, free trade, and offshoring.[13] - Qualified opposition to financial regulation.[3] - The Chamber views some reform as necessary, but opposed the Dodd/Frank legislation that was passed, asserting that it would damage loan availability.[3] - Campaigned against portions of the Sarbanes–Oxley Act.[14] - Opposes the DISCLOSE Act, which aims to limit foreign influence on U.S. elections.[15] - Opposed the Affordable Health Care for America Act.,[3] - Opposes action on climate change. The Chamber believes that climate change is real, but disputes the scientific consensus that warming mostly results from human activity and questions whether anything can be done to reduce climate change. The Chamber emphasizes the economic impact of climate decisions.[16][17] - Supported the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Chamber_of_Commerce#Positions_taken IMHO them and ALEC need to be drop kicked into the Atlantic ocean. And if you don't know ALEC its even worse than the USCoC.
And he had one of the largest and most well disciplined political machines (Chicago) the country had ever seen. Bernie has a tiny fraction of the ground game Obama had in place when he started.
Oh I'm not one to poopoo a good smear but I'm saying some attacks are weak as fuck as these are, especially when you have better stuff. Like for instance, the dog thing with Romney was weak. The painting him as an unscrupulous hedge fund, vulture capitalist was a fucking brilliant attack. That's all. Have a great night!
What? Can't just have a nice conversation and have to turn it into a pissing contest. No wonder your post is dead in the new queue.
Anyone think he'll make it through the preseason roster trims?
&gt; He can do a lot of the dirty work that Sanders refuses to do. Why wouldn't he do it himself? Why does he need a lackey to do it?
Oh I agree about the entertainment personalities stuff 100%. Something about preening and getting catered to all the time turns their brains all wanky. Worse part of working in the industry often times. That and the hours. ugh.
History of Chafee's (R) to (D) switch: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2013/05/30/a-brief-history-of-lincoln-chafees-party-identity-crises/
Wow they have a few QBs: Barkley, Matt Bradford, Sam Kinne, G.J. Sanchez, Mark Tebow, Tim Probably has a chance with those meatballs.
RISP, RIP
AND JUST LIKE THAT I AM WRONG! HIT WITH RISP!!!! 3-0
3-0 Gators end of the first!!
Need to pile those runs on big time. Michigan is famous for their comebacks.
A sitting lame duck president to one that we've allowed their actions to spelunk down the memory hole? No contest!
Getting and runs with RISP is a huge get for this team lastly.
Bottom of the third, Haeger strikes out batter with bases loaded. Still 4-0 Florida! SOMEONE UPDATE THIS GUY. I HAVE TO GO!
Huge strike out to end the 3rd inning threat!
where in the living hell do you get this info? hahahahah!
He'd beat out Jesus Christ for Son of God by 10 points!
How exactly would you go about doing that? Specifically.
So the university is 'liberals'? Just more anti-PC hysteria which is much more visible and concrete than any of the fever dream PC people or organizations. I've been watching the anti-PC movement grow since the late 70s and to see it finally reach a fevered pitch is actually quite hilarious. Is there overreach on the PC front? Sure. Is there a lot of people with agendas using the anti-PC hysteria for their own ends. Oh yeah. See FOX News or reddit itself for the kind of screeching and whiny anti-PC nonsense that shows the movement has reached it's 'jump the shark' moment.
&gt;On Friday, 250 mostly armed “protestors against Islam” encircled a mosque in Phoenix, Arizona. Jon Ritzheimer, the organiser and avowed atheist, called the event a “patriotic sign of resistance” **against what he deemed the tyranny of Islam in America.** &gt;“My aim is to expose the true colours of Islam,” Ritzheimer told CNN’s Anderson Cooper. What tyranny of Islam in America is he talking about? Only tyranny i can see is American police officers, corporate America and the politicians they've bought. Other than that I see zero Islam tyranny.
I would love to see it reduced to like six months...along with getting private money out of the entire process. We can make whatever rules we want for our elections and getting the side show quality and insane barriers to entry with the money aspect would be my dream come true.
&gt; Sure looks like that education helped Obama understand the constitution.... When you have no argument, point at something else and make an unrelated point.
Hahaha! I used to have a metric system lunch box when I was little during those years when we were actually considering switching over...sometime in the 70s.
Be careful or he'll ban you from r/conservative...
So it's fine until they go over it. I don't like either but saying their unconstitutional is 100% personal opinion as you nor I are the arbiters of what is or isn't constitutional. Right. Yet you said: &gt;The Freedom Act is a direct violation of our 4th amendment to privacy
The far right is obsessed with social darwinism: [Social Darwinism is a modern name given to various theories of society that emerged in the United Kingdom, North America, and Western Europe in the 1870s, and which are claimed to have applied biological concepts of natural selection and survival of the fittest to sociology and politics.[1][2] Social Darwinists generally argue that the strong should see their wealth and power increase while the weak should see their wealth and power decrease. Different social Darwinists have different views about which groups of people are the strong and the weak, and they also hold different opinions about the precise mechanism that should be used to promote strength and punish weakness. Many such views stress competition between individuals in laissez-faire capitalism, while others motivated ideas of eugenics, racism, imperialism,[3] fascism, Nazism, and struggle between national or racial groups](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_Darwinism) And the base of the GOP eats this kind of mean, fuck the poor, fuck the liberals shit right up.
Happens a lot more than people think. Never ever fuck with the people handling your food.
Probably to cover up their own inner self loathing by lashing out at strangers in a mocking comment.
Hell yeah!
Registering is creating the situation where you are able to exercise your right or privilege to vote. The government should bend over backwards and make the entire process easy and foolproof so that we can exercise that vote. We should also be able to vote online. Silly really.
"... are necessary to counteract a tide of laws aimed at making it more difficult for some people to vote." &gt;Like illegals, felons, cartoon characters and the dead. What are you saying? Are you saying illegals vote? Felons? The dead? Are you making reference to people jokingly putting fake names on registration forms? Are you saying daffy duck votes after some kid scribbles that on a registration form? Because none of that happens.
&gt;I've broken no rules and you disagree? Aren't you the one that told me to get a life? LOL Yeah you did. &gt;Don't ask for votes or engage in vote manipulation. http://np.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_what_constitutes_vote_cheating_and_vote_manipulation.3F that comment could totally be construed that way. FYI
No. He's a starve the beast, kill the unions, trickle down corporate hand out Koch sycophant member of the GOP. He's pretty much the devil. Plus he's got that beady eye thing going. Reddit hates weird looking people.
&gt; The problem with online is that it can be rigged through hacking. The real world process can be hacked just as bad.
Fine by me.
Absolutely. Most of the hate stuff on reddit is just that. venting. And the subject of the vent is less important than the actual source.
&gt;These kinds of articles don't add much. Of course they do. Right or wrong they get people talking about how politics in America shifts and cycles through different leans over time. Hell, it gives me the opportunity to throw down a link about the cyclical theory of politics: [The cyclical theory refers to a model used by historian Arthur Schlesinger to attempt to explicate the fluctuations in politics throughout American History. Liberalism and conservatism are rooted in the “national mood” that shows a continuing shift in national involvement between public purpose and private interest. Each of these cycles includes a phase of dominant public interest, a transition phase, and a phase of prevalent private interest.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory) I'll never understand how anyone would decry a thread where people are discussing something like this. There's great discussion here.
&gt;But can somebody please point me to a Republican objection to early (and/or more convenient) voting, or automatic registration, or any of these measures to increase voting, that is at all coherent? There isn't one. Folks'll come along in this very thread and say things like 'If you can't get to the polls on Tuesday then you don't deserve to vote'. But you won't get anything nearing a logical solid substantial argument. Source: everyone one of these threads in r.politics over the last 24 hrs.
I can prove it exists in such small numbers that it doesn't even affect a small local election. Would you like to see the mountains of evidence? The great thing is that that evidence was compiled by the last Bush administration over several huge elections and many years and they found so little it was stunning really.
You really shouldn't edit your post after I responded. Of course it exists. And when it does happen, in those ultra rare circumstances, it is caught and prosecuted. So why do we need to expand government with huge onerous voter IDs? That's my question.
Back in the day, accounts could accrue unlimited negative karma and then like a year or so ago, they capped it at negative 100. Sucks huh?
I'm just happy a thread about Japanese Buddhism came up and I'm not getting accused of being in a cult :D !!!
So the proper answer to your comment is: I don't care. cheers
&gt; That just seems like a cop out. Not for you to decide. Give people as much time as they need. The government should bend over backwards to make voting convenient. Everything in your comment is based on making voting some kind of painful austerity like duty. That's ridiculous.
That defense is special really. Just like softball.
2 more runs! Seminole meltdown!
Okay. Huge getting two outs with bases loaded. Let's turn this shit around now Gators!
WOAH!!!! JJJJJJJJ
JJ &lt;3
I went there for grad school. I actually rooted for them in basketball games against teams like Duke and UNC. Go ahead, let me have it!
Hahahaha! Bader just hit a home run 8-2!!!
Have their been a lot of haters?
In the ear with a corncob!
Welp congrats then.
What are they saying?
It's great...
WE DID IT!
OMAHA! Man this team is hittin' its stride at just the right time.
/thread
Ah look at that. The only really smart comment in the thread languishing at the bottom. Meanwhile, 'Go Bernie Go!' type tripe rides a wave to the top.
1st article shows zero corruption, second is a dead link: &gt;Oh, Noes! A 404!
&gt; oversee the destruction of Libya I see were down to making shit up?
And guess what right wingers? This kind of nasty ideological overreach in Wisconsin and many other red and purple states is exactly the kind of actions that lead to the long term backlash that will get a huge expansion of the welfare state. As has happened over in over throughout the history of this country, one of the two ideologies will overreach in their implementation causing a swing back in the other direction. This is one such overreach that will cause said backlash. Thanks Walker!
The right is in full on 'overreach' mode. And as we've learned throughout American history, this kind of overreach creates exactly the opposite reaction from the other side and regular Americans that expands the very things the overreaching side are trying to tear down. Welfare state, left wing activist judges, more taxes on top earners, more regulations...do you want more government? Because, right wing, that's how you get more government.
ITT: they pretend to support private sector unions and point their anger at public sector unions. Yet somehow in another thread they'll be talking about how good right to work laws are and attacking private sector unions under that guise. Don't fall for it. We the people need to not only support unions in ALL sectors but start thinking of new ways to unionize our collective power as the spenders. How about something like robust consumer unions where a million or so people point their purchasing power at corporations and say 'heel!'
Jesus dude, we get it. You think this is someone spamming. Give it a rest.
I know right! And in his 2008 campaign he promised us world peace and unicorns and that I would personally get a pny! THANKS OBAMA!
It's the Sanders supporters. They don't add anything, they just downvote.
Weird. This comment just popped up again in my mail as if it was brand new.
This makes me think Nader has a reddit account. Sounds very familiar, usually coming from negative karma accounts.
Will it be an all SEC vs ACC CWS?
&gt; i don't see why /r/politics[2] can't adopt that rule. Because they'd have to actually monitor threads. They stopped doing that a long time ago.
Probably a /r/HailCorporate user. They think everything is a marketing scam.
Take note of this bullshit Sanders supporters and remember it when you throw the same bullshit attacks at Hillary. It makes the entire process dumber and for nothing more than to tear down your supposed ally. Democrats and liberal and progressives have to stick together because this country has got to keep moving left if anything is to ever be accomplished.
&gt;Typical response from the party of hate. Please stop saying that line Captain. That user did no such thing and your response is sounding very canned.
&gt; I mean....won't this be every election? The majority party will always have more seats to defend. It's all about wave elections in the Senate: 2008 Democratic wave = 2014 heavy Democratic losses 2010 Republican Tea Party wave elections = 2016 heavy GOP losses
But muh Laugher Curve?
Cept ain' t no one laughing but the rich!
Florida vs other team. Florida wins it all.
Lucky for me, I like Sanders and Hillary and am able to parse their decisions, careers and campaigns without an all or nothing, black and white angry obsession. I can enjoy supporting both candidates in this discovery phase while avoiding sounding like a a silly teenager.
Not really, we're used to seeing such libertarian claptrap and just ignore it.
Congrats! What a great day for you!
Is sicking predatory lenders on 18 year olds compulsory? Is drumbeating into their heads the need for college or else, compulsory? Or how about the massive frauds of the 90s when lenders were caught paying off aide counselors at schools to lie to students and steer them to subsidized loans instead of grants and work study. Or are the massive fines that can double your base amount owed should you have any issue that would keep you from paying like sickness or mental illness while tightening bankruptcy laws compulsory? Same nonsense attitude as cutting food stamps or aid for the elderly or helping the mentally ill. America loves its fuck you, got mine attitude even if it means destryoing the lives of our up and coming generations.
You handled that really well. Make sure you give yourself a pat on the back for holding your boundaries AND being a compassionate person to your mother.
Right now? I'm at work! Ah fuck it, I'm in.
I wish so bad but no, I'm just being a smart alec. I'm stuck in SoCal just dreaming of spending the next week watching games and partying like a rock star. Please have a few for me!
One downvote does not rise to the 'subscribers' of /r/politics
Is that a burger? Yep, now I'm hungry for a double double...
I find arguments like yours are usually spewed by folks better described as 'born on third base, thinks they hit a triple'. Chew on that.
&gt; On top of all that she is way more hawkish that Obama Can you be specific? Other than the rhetoric of a woman having to act tougher than a man reaching for the highest office, her and Obama are virtually exactly the same on foreign policy.
Look at this thread and others, just Bernie puns and fanboi circklejerking. They don't read the articles, they come to downvote Hillary!
&gt;The first one was over 2500. Now I wonder what group of people would vote shit like that to the top? Hmmm...
How can I miss you if you won't leave?
I'm sure this post will rocket to the top! /s
&gt;The difference is that Bernie is a good guy and people see that about him. Ron Paul was not such a good guy. I'm not talking about likability, I'm talking about smart marketing. This is about the supporters and campaign people (who use this sub a lot.) &gt;What was backlash against Paul will only be momentum for sanders. What? I said Ron Paul not Rand? &gt;And he is already so much bigger than Obama was at this time. What? You're just making things up. Never mind...
This attack is repeated in every thread and is really weak.
I don't know. I'm sure there are studies that would answer that. I do think the system in the US is more about fits and starts and ends up creating progress even when it seems dead in the water, but I just don't know. Something interesting though is the theory about the cycles that America repeats like clock work: &gt;[The cyclical theory refers to a model used by historian Arthur Schlesinger to attempt to explicate the fluctuations in politics throughout American History. Liberalism and conservatism are rooted in the “national mood” that shows a continuing shift in national involvement between public purpose and private interest. Each of these cycles includes a phase of dominant public interest, a transition phase, and a phase of prevalent private interest.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory) That and books like "Generations" by Strauss and Howe show how at every level of our society is a shared mindset that cycles back and forth from progressive to conservative over and over. So I guess I would like a better system but totally believe if we vote, we can make huge differences.
We'll know more in the fall too. The percentage becomes clearer as the winter gets closer. This time last year I think it was a high percentage as well and then dropped dramatically through the summer. Crosses fingers.
&gt; Still hard to believe that Carroll who is so laid back, is a 9/11 Truther. Really? Like thermite, jet fuel can't melt steal beams truther? TIL...
Attack = she's not saying anything, hiding Why it's dumb is because: - her positions are the most picked apart positions of anyone save Obama - she's given 4 policy speeches and has another coming nest week - 90% of America doesn't give a shit about the race yet. So its falling on internet only's ear. I have no idea how you went from me saying something is a weak attack to talking about campaign finance or why we have to lop someone's head off. I'm just gonna leave you to it...
Why would it start working now? Nobody but the internet 10% are paying any attention and the real world has heard it all before. Clinton scandal fatigue works in funny ways. Bill's approval during and post impeachment was like 63%?
&gt; could only joebiden save them all? He does have a camaro so...maybe?
Oops, I don't think he or she thought that one through!!! lol
*Still holding breath*
Scratches ass.
/jerk It's so weird to have gone through this in real life. Being in my 40s I abandoned my love for music and put my consumption on cruise control for AOR music stations and just rehashing 70/80s rock, ignoring modern music. Then I got hit on the head so to speak and it reawakened my love for new music in the mid 00s. I eschewed nostalgia for exploration and over the last decade have found that we are in a rock/indie renaissance that easily rivals the 60/70 music explosion. Now I have my 40s aged friends come along and 'today's music sux' etc etc and I try and give them stuff that should be knocking their fucking socks off (Mount Eerie, Grizzly Bear, Deerhunter, Interpol, Sufjan, war on drugs, etc etc) and they just shrug and say 'meh' and return to bitching about how there's no music in the era like Zeppelin and Pink Floyd, smh Getting old and nostalgia is a trap a lot of people fall into. Rail against it my friends. Fight, fight again the dying of the light!
Aw man :( I jelly. Represent for us, 14789632! And have on for me!
Wow, college baseball is really starting to arrive. Grantland, huh?
I dig through all the music sights like Pitchfork, Sterogum, Tiny Mix tapes etc. But I really rely on one of my favorite subs: http://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads So fucking cool and those folks there are pretty chill. I also just did a lengthy write up for another user. Check it out: http://www.reddit.com/r/lewronggeneration/comments/39kmv3/rip_real_music/cs4ecue This is just a fraction.
I am totally addicted to the album hooked me and I'm obsessed thing. And its so wonderful to feel that feeling of discovery and newness. Have fun!
So you came here looking for comments to mock? I think that says a lot about you, not r.politics.
Libs are trash? That's quite the username.
So really, you have no idea why it was removed? Duly noted.
We both surmised what that meant and you started yelling at me that I was wrong. We're talking past one another. Not too much fun. cheers.
&gt; my version is literally what they said. You are going in circles now. "Not up to snuff" could mean bad content, could mean it leaned too far left, could mean that it was internal drama. Spin spin spin
Fuck no they don't. That's your job!
&gt;racketeering suit filed in March by Larry Klayman of Freedom Watch. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Klayman He sues everyone. he's sued the Clinton's 18 times alone. He's sued : Ground Zero mosque Facebook Esquire magazine Rachel Maddow SEAL Team 6 NSA Ebola he's Freedom Works...
&gt; none of the indie stuff I like really have much room for guitar playing. What? That's an awfully huge generalization considering how much music is being created right now. Sorry to be blunt but it sounds like the same kind of excuse making that they jump through.
I didn't know we were doing conspiracy theories. here's mine: He's doing this to give the Democrats running in 2016 something to separate themselves away from him on, a way to say, 'I opposed the President and am not in lockstep with him'.
&gt; I think he's a little too much left Cruz is too far to the left?
Ambient has blown up the last few years. Crazy how popular its become.
Here's the list of how they harassed people: http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/39c0n3/cmv_reddit_was_wrong_to_ban_rfatpeoplehate_but/cs27yt4?context=3
Here's the list of their nonsense: http://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/39c0n3/cmv_reddit_was_wrong_to_ban_rfatpeoplehate_but/cs27yt4?context=3
I've been on this site a long time and those same kind of users have been here in much smaller groups, harassing people and generally treating people like shit. Now they've grown bigger and more emboldened and are once again shitting all over the place. I've built wonderful communities I love but can't even tell people to use reddit because of this scumbag baloney. I've introduced girls to this place that left running and screaming at the sick and diseased mindset that permeates this place. FPH is the first of many that will be booted from this private commerce website, If reddit wants actually growth in the monetary variety it has to make people feel safe and FPH was the opposite of that.
&gt;Fuck that. This website was made for the people, not for the fucking money. Sell-outs, that's all Pao and the rest of the board has become. The real world says different. This is not your sandbox dude, this is an expensive and rapidly growing website someone put years of work and million of dollars into. Hopefully all the kids go elsewhere and leave the adults to build communities and add value here. Whining about SJW fever dreams really doesn't add any value.
Having boundaries in general is really important in life and especially dating. If it's important to you then go with it.
Liberals and midterm turnout gave you 2014. A good win for the right but it has absolutely zero bearing on 2016. 2016 will be more affected by who is in power of both houses being turned on and POTUS election left wing turnout which is much higher for POTUS elections. My prediction (and an easy one): - Hillary - Dems take back Senate because the GOP is defending the purple seats won in the 2010 tea party election (24 GOP versus 10 for Dems) - GOP keeps house but its by 6-8 seats. That's just nationally.
&gt; By trying to stay out of the press on every controversial issue Clinton is increasing Americans distrust. You mean that's how YOU feel? Because unless you've done polling on this, you don't really speak for "Americans".
&gt;108 subscribers lol
Reagan was at the right time and the right place. He was a California liberal union man that morphed ala his excellent acting skills, into the Republican union busting, anti-government lie. Reagan rode the natural American cyclical wave that was flowing back to the right after being hugely liberal post WWII. As naturally happens in American in remarkably repetitive fashion, the collective mindset was sick of liberalism's overreach - the hippies, the free love, the expanding welfare state, the huge regulatory apparatus - and America pushed back. So Reagan rode that wave of anti-regulation, anti-government, anti-tax and supply side religious fervor all the way to a landslide. But it wasn't his doing. He was but the actor chosen for his clearly defined persona cultivated by that same liberal Hollywood that right wingers like to deride. I'm sure Reagan was pleasant fellow and I am sure he did plenty of good things but, he was not a saint nor was he a visionary. He was a product of smart political minds that understand how America shifts and took advantage of that predictable movement. ----------------- And oddly enough, here we are 40 years later beginning the exact same kind of cyclical movement back to the left after so much right wing overreach - massive tax cuts, land wars, financial fuckery due to deregulation, killing unions - and all that overreach is creating the movement back to the left just like it did in the late 70s/early 80s. Welcome to the burgeoning new progressive era. RIP Reagan and Morning in America!
Niche sub is niche!
Okay, how is any drama ever gonna top the fattening? Have we reached the apex? Is it time to retire this sub? I cannot even imagine what would have to happen to top this cluster of fuckery.
I've been arguing with people in political subs too much. I can't figure out if your being mean or love me! Either way, I'm going to get a beer. Good luck in your game this weekend.
http://dailysignal.com/2015/01/15/political-startup-ranks-conservative-liberal-2016-candidates/ Cruz and Rand Paul are the farthest right candidates.
Will there be a blimp?
Reddit did this with Ron Paul as well. You can't use reason or facts in these threads.
Hillary had more votes than Obama and lost by a sliver delegate margin.
This comment is closer to science fiction than any kind of reality.
&gt;Only a complete idiot would vote for this wench. There's simply no other explanation. You have to be a complete and utter idiot to ignore everything she actually does and still think she's a good candidate. Ah, "wench"? There's that factless, childish, immature garbage that makes reddit sound like a middle school cafeteria.
Here's one of many articles done exploring where all the candidates land on the political spectrum. Hillary is to left of everyone but Bernie and Warren: http://dailysignal.com/2015/01/15/political-startup-ranks-conservative-liberal-2016-candidates/ And here is a great data driven article from 538 that shows she was always a liberal and still is a liberal: http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/hillary-clinton-was-liberal-hillary-clinton-is-liberal/ And here is her issues page that lays out every vote and every position she has taken on every issue imaginable: http://www.ontheissues.org/hillary_clinton.htm She is a liberal. She always has been a liberal. Her healthcare initiative in the 90s was farther left than Bernie's vote on Obamacare...
Would have sooner but I went to the grocery and my car broke down :(
Oh boy!
Not even close to true. I just loathe cars and never put effort into having a nice one. I am truly lucky not to be poor. I like the shit out of Bernie. Always have. But this election is too important to put up our least electable candidate. Hillary is the teflon, untouchable candidate. Bernie is the social force the makes sure she stays left. It's win win. I won't tear either one down. The left has to stay unified.
&gt; You realize that Ron Paul's campaign was very successful, right? On what metrics? Not a single primary win. Barely a blip in vote percentage.
&gt; The US is probably still too stupid for Bernie right now. Yep.
Gator crowd sounds loud on radio.
I rarely miss Gator baseball. They woke up, 5-2!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! 9-2 8 run INNING!!!
Aw Empty. That's not nice.
Holy crap. 16 men to the plate. Most runs in a single inning in CWS history. wow.
I'm just hoping we didn't blow our CWS run quota.
Any proof of this or should we just take your word for it?
&gt;What did Hillary accomplish? More than any candidate in the 2016 field.
^ Really weak political analysis. Maybe even nonsense.
Plus every thread somehow gets hundreds of upvotes despite the time of day and day of week. They are upvoting from an outside source just like the Paultards did.
&gt; No way she's just pandering to her base Uh, who do you think is her base?
&gt;The real question in all of this is why such a clear failure, that was predicted to be a failure, and was a failure, cannot be used by liberals with any effect? Because liberals as Democrats can't trust the electorate to turn out and vote in strong numbers so they have to appeal to the independents and center right folks thus can't attack tax cuts. Want that to change? vote.
Midterm elections were a no-show for the left thus,you get Scott. Crist would have expanded medicare. Disengaged electorate is pathetic.
Wow. Right wing mouth piece Mooney Times getting upvotes in left wing rpolitics. Thought I'd never see the day.
&gt;Or because they want to "Teach someone a lesson" for not making sure their little pet project was not festooned with affection all the time. Ooh yeah. Don't get me started on that one. Got this when Obama didn't snap his fingers and make unicorns appear. Guy busts his ass against the worst GOP opposition ever and liberals just whine he didn't do more. Ingrates.
That makes no sense. Turnout was historically low.
This comment is good and smart. First one felt like one of the constant flood of all thing Bernie in every thread everyday all day.
Good.
ESPN has zero information. What's the delay?
Christ it's like the same exact people. Actually, I bet it is.
Don't make the mistake of dismissing what sleekery just said. The Bernie flood feels exactly like Ron Paul 08 and 12. They were sure he was gonna win it all. Everything ron paul was voted to the top. He didn't get a single primary.
The Bernie supports are quickly creating a Bernie fatigue on the site. That will hurt them in the end.
If you say it over and over, it makes it true!
No. What they are saying is folks on reddit get caught up in the waves that are isolated to reddit. In that they think because someone gets hot on this website, it translates to the real world: the independents and mom and pops that don't use the internet beyond email and one or two websites. The danger for the Sanders throngs is that they see this popularity here and don't get that they have to get out and canvass and volunteer and phone bank. I watched it happen to the Ron Paul campaigns. And when he kept losing historically in each and every primary, the young folks so excited were destroyed and it made me sad. I hated the way they spammed reddit (hint hint) but felt really bad for their crushed enthusiasm.
Right now, all the exciting talent is on the left: Sanders, Clinton, Warren, Castros, Booker, Harris, etc. This is what happens when a party's ideology has been debunked and they keep holding on for dear life by appealing to the old folks demographic. The GOP has really back themselves in a corner and the talent is going to the left because of it. Until they eschew trickle down and tax cuts and deregulation and anti-everything, they will not be able to draw in the really good up and coming talent.
&gt;You see, ever since Ronald Reagan’s election in 1980, Democrats have been on the ideological defensive. Even when they won elections they seemed afraid to endorse clearly progressive positions, eager to demonstrate their centrism by supporting policies like cuts to Social Security that their base hated. But that era appears to be over. Why? Why? Because America shifts its **shared ideological mindset** in clockwork like fashion every 40 years or so. After post WWII heavily progressive era, it shifted or reacted by going to the right in the 80s and has been there since. Then GWB spelled the death knell and the move back to the left started. These moves take around a decade or so to come to fruition so we are right at the time when the candidates (that very much understand these societal movements) can feel secure in their move to the left. It's glorious time to be a progressive/liberal. For the first time in my lifetime, my country is not a hard right shifted bunch of nonsense. RIP, trickle down and tax cuts. RIP anti-gay marriage and drug war. RIP supply side economics and deregulation.
A bailout if you will. TARP II: Electric Boogaloo
No. A lot of loans are still issued by banks and private lenders...something like 45%. http://www.consumerfinance.gov/newsroom/student-debt-swells-federal-loans-now-top-a-trillion/ So if people mass defaulted the government would have to prop up a large portion outright.
This meme is as old as the internet: http://i.imgur.com/mFQW1.png
It's weak sauce.
I had a user arguing with me that the Ron Paul campaigns were actually "successful"! I shit you not: http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/39o096/senator_bernie_sanders_charlie_rose_since_weve/cs5ltdc
It's really getting annoying and we still have 7 months till the first primary.
&gt;She's apparently co-opting a position she's held for over a decade. How dare he! Sell out! OMG she's a hawk, right winger!! /s just in case.
You should be excited and skeptical. No one person can ever fix everything even in the White House. Obama actually got a lot of stuff done despite being completely blocked on everything constantly. But folks on the left have to look at the success of the unified right wing since the 70s and emulate their ability to stay on message, vote like it matters and keep focused on the long term goals (SCOTUS appointments, state houses, Census year control, turning out the vote in midterms) as opposed to looking at the Presidency and when it all doesn't happen in 2 years, throwing up their hands and not voting.
&gt;Excluding cellphone only voters from poll surveys in last election skewed results to GOP
Very cool! Makes me wanna go drive it, thanks!
Woohoo! Home from work in time to see whole thing! Thanks rain!
When he's on, no one can hit him. When he's on.
Sorry, that makes too much sense. We do scorched Earth policy in any Hillary thread.
There's a lot of real racism on reddit so it's always hard to tell if it's one of them or someone with a joke. Here, take this: /s and stick it up there ;)
You also have to take into account since were 7 months off, Bernie's gonna level out after the new car smell fades. But it will be great for everyone if the Dems have at least a horse race.
&gt;The group, Occupy Democrats, posted a recent Facebook meme that seeks to compare Clinton’s paid speeches to those given by former President George W. Bush. The meme has been shared more than 25,000 times. She had nothing to do with this. FYI.
Headline: &gt;Hillary Clinton "has donated every cent she's ever earned from speaking fees to charity." False Made it seem almost like a quote from her.
Plus: &gt;The intense media interest in the Clinton campaign prompted the campaign to request that the media form a pool for coverage. In the pool, a group of roughly a dozen outlets take turns traveling to cover Clinton in small, closed events and write reports off her remarks. The dispatches are first shared by e-mail with the outlets participating in the rotation, and then sent at the end of the day to all interested news outlets. &gt;The pool was organized by the participating media, not the Clinton campaign. Any print outlet that commits to join the traveling rotation can join. It’s currently being run by reporters from Buzzfeed and Politico.
&gt;An officer from a large metropolitan area said that “militias, neo-Nazis and sovereign citizens” are the biggest threat we face in regard to extremism. One officer explained that he ranked the right-wing threat higher because “it is an emerging threat that we don’t have as good of a grip on, even with our intelligence unit, as we do with the Al Shabab/Al Qaeda issue, which we have been dealing with for some time.” An officer on the West Coast explained that the “sovereign citizen” anti-government threat has “really taken off,” whereas terrorism by American Muslim is something “we just haven’t experienced yet.”
And since it's anti-Hillary, this mess of lies is rocketing to the top, voted up by our strange anti-Hillary coalition who doesn't have time to read articles! PS, happy cake day.
&gt;Creating a private email server and then destroying it after it comes under subpoena? Why the fuck would someone in Hillary's position do that unless they wanted their innermost business dealings shrouded in secrecy? To piss off right wing smear merchants? &gt;Not to mention political kickbacks, foreign donations being accepted that created clear conflicts of interest, her associates being... well... LESS than cooperative in the Benghazi investigation. All complete lies. &gt;They say that if it walks, swims, and quacks like a duck, it's a duck. Since the 90s the right wing has spent of 150 million investigating the Clinton's lives and actions and what have they found? What has been proven? A blowjob. 150 million for a blow job.
25 years of right wing smears take their toll. Most folks either don't have enough energy to go through and look at all the "scandals" and how they've been cooked up. Now and then. 100 millions dollars spent from 1992-2000 investigating two people. And they found a blow job. Fast forward to now and millions being spent investigating Benghazi email server Clinton Foundation and to find what? A tax form error. A legal email system? Fiscal conservatives my ass.
You. Got. Nothing.
Figures. Great post with great information and solid analysis in the comments and it's languishing. All it needs is a mention of Bernie Sanders and it'd be racing to the top.
Still. Nothing.
A racketeering trial brought by the professional lawsuit bringer Larry Klayman who among others has sued the Clinton's over and over for all kinds of nonsense. Others he has sued: 2.2 José Basulto 2.3 Ground Zero mosque 2.4 Facebook 2.5 Esquire magazine 2.6 Rachel Maddow 2.7 SEAL Team 6 2.8 NSA 2.9 Ebola 2.10 Immigration https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larry_Klayman More: &gt;[Discredited Conspiracy Theorist Larry Klayman Is Behind Lawsuit Wildly Accusing Clinton Of Racketeering ](http://mediamatters.org/blog/2015/03/25/discredited-conspiracy-theorist-larry-klayman-i/203042)
No, it's ~~Nate~~538 upping his coverage and he goes into detail why Sanders is not going to win: &gt;But the foundational flaws in Sanders’ candidacy are pretty easy to spot. Sanders may be polling well in mostly white New Hampshire, but he hasn’t been able to figure out how to earn more than 5 percent of the nonwhite vote, according to national polls. Nonwhite voters make up more than a third of Democratic primary voters nationally. &gt;Indeed, it’s difficult to imagine why someone who has described himself as a socialist, has never competed for minority voters and has no roots within the Democratic Party should worry Clinton much. She might actually be relieved to be challenged by someone who has so little chance at winning the nomination. Let’s imagine a case where Sanders wins Iowa and New Hampshire. In that world, you’d likely see the Democratic establishment rush in to try to squash Sanders, much as Republicans did to Newt Gingrich in 2012 after he won South Carolina. Of course this can all change as we trudge on but this is not a back peddling article. EDIT: 538 not Nate.
Plus the lines sound very conversational but are packed with brilliant detail. Any writer can tell that shit is hard as hell to do without sounding forced. Put the lyrics in with the excellent song writing you get really solid music on all fronts.
The right wing folks in 2012 ignored 538s predictions and laughed at the idea Obama was beating Romney. The left wingers did it in the run up to the 2014 midterms. Ignore 538 and the others like them at your own peril.
It's almost like a certain segment of our political sphere spend hundreds of millions just to throw fake scandals at her. Oh wait, that exactly what happens.
OMG, it's almost like her and Bill are two of the most sought after speakers in the world!? #needbettersmears
Guess this means the old Reagan 11th commandment is dead: &gt;[Thou shalt not speak ill of any fellow Republican.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Eleventh_Commandment_%28Ronald_Reagan%29)
Stickied. I'm too nervous to comment more. Have fun tonight.
/u/GreenWaveGator ? What would this place be without you? I'm so desperately glad you came on board and have taken this place to the next level. Does my heart so good. Thank you so so much!
I told you folks late week when the political theater of Dems opposing this was blowing up it was all for show. 'But no, garyp, no way this is all just show so some Democrats can point back and say 'look, we tried to oppose this and Obama'. How dare you suggest anything that isn't surface politics. And BTW, triangulation no real.'
Nothing like 9 black people being murdered by a white supremacist to bring out the stormfront brigade.
There is a 40 year war on government by the right wing called "Starve the Beast". You can take any government agency, especially the really important ones like the EPA, USDA, FDA and go to google and type "FDA underfunded" and get article after article and study after study that shows how these uber-important agencies have been continually defunded and undefunded to the point that we lose the ability to police the corporations making our food, polluting our water and in the case of the IRS, bringing in the tax cheats stealing from the American people. Regulatory capture is what results and it's a sickening way to run a country: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulatory_capture Starve the beast is killing the government and its tentacles are all over this country. The very deregulation it inspired over the financial industry is directly responsible for the 2008 melt down. http://www.usnews.com/opinion/blogs/economic-intelligence/2012/08/27/repeal-of-glass-steagall-caused-the-financial-crisis http://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/26/business/economy/26inquiry.html?_r=0 Starve the beast https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starve_the_beast Don't fall for the tricks. Flat tax is garbage created to further cut taxes and place the burden, like what is happening in Kansas, on the backs of the poor and middle class.
&gt;To be fair, you made up a scenario where local governments will raise taxes as a result. I would like to see proof that would happen. Are you kidding? Just look at what's happening in Kansas: &gt;[That means that a household income of $36,000 would have an average of about $50 more per year in sales tax. For a smoker who buys five packs of cigarettes per week, would have to pay an average of $130 more per year. Republican State Senator Jacob LaTurner was in favor of the budget plan the legislature just passed. Despite the progress, Governor Sam Brownback still has $50 million to cut from the budget. LaTurner says he cannot speculate where that money will be taken from. He knows it will not come from K-12 education.](http://www.fourstateshomepage.com/story/d/story/kansas-budget-effects-on-residents/35883/PmEeLv_9dUqDXwaK9jUDzA) &gt;[ Gov. Sam Brownback says a plan increasing sales taxes and other taxes does not count as a tax increase because it comes on the heels of income tax cuts passed three years ago. He signed the state’s $15 billion budget and two tax increase bills needed to fund it Tuesday. The governor in 2012 championed massive tax cuts that many economists have blamed for the state’s budget problems this year. On its 113th day last week, the Legislature passed a plan to raise the sales tax from 6.15 percent to 6.5 percent starting in July.](http://www.kansascity.com/news/government-politics/article24643096.html)
Of course they never answer this question, do they?
Nonsense: &gt;[Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) -- he of the "non-interventionist" foreign policy -- wants to increase defense spending. This comes after he has, in the past, called for a significant reduction thereof.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2015/03/26/rand-paul-now-wants-more-defense-spending-welcome-back-to-the-old-gop/)
They captured it because we've defunded and underfunded these agencies over and over for the last 40 years to the point they have no choice but to turn to regulatory capture. You get that right?
Orange County is nice and fine. It's idiots like Orly taitz that give it a bad name. Orly's the queen of the birther movement: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orly_Taitz Or the guy that put up a ballot initiative to kill gays: http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/lawyer-proposes-california-ballot-measure-allowing-shooting-killing-gays-n327196 These fucks make orange county get a bad wrap.
I am not arguing with any of that you just have to realize, these attacks are gonna come right and left and you have to be nimble and think ahead to make sure you don't come off as insensitive.
2011: [State Clean Air Agencies Lose $112 Million in EPA Budget-Cutting](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/04/27/idUS132376617720110427) 2011: [Republicans Gut EPA Climate Rules, Slash Deeply Into Climate Research, Aid and Technology Programs](http://www.nytimes.com/cwire/2011/02/14/14climatewire-republicans-gut-epa-climate-rules-slash-deep-87716.html?pagewanted=all) 2011: [The funding cutbacks have resulted in local environmental protection agencies relying on voluntary pollutant emissions reporting by industry players, which, as you might imagine, has made for some weak data. Mike Fisher, deputy director of the EPA's office of criminal enforcement, tells iWatch that of some 120 ongoing Clean Air Act cases his department manages, 90 percent involve polluters trying to mislead regulators.](http://www.motherjones.com/blue-marble/2011/11/clean-air-act-pollution-epa) 2012: [Slow and Underfunded, EPA Program Falls Short in Toxic Site Cleanups ](http://www.pewtrusts.org/en/research-and-analysis/blogs/stateline/2012/09/19/best-of-statereads-slow-and-underfunded-epa-program-falls-short-in-toxic-site-cleanups) 2012: [House Bill Underfunds EPA and Interior While Bill is Loaded with Riders](http://switchboard.nrdc.org/blogs/sslesinger/house_underfunded_bill_on_fund.html)
&gt;Some sort of energy vampirism going on. The Bushes pass it down from generation to generation and have been doing so since 1776. Jeb Just hasn't reached full vampiric maturity yet.
He has a lot of libertarian positions that don't jibe with the rank and file GOP like his stance on the NSA, drone etc. And yet he falls right in like with increasing the defense budget and slashing taxes and deregulation. I would never be able to completely separate a libertarian from a Republican but maybe you are better at delineating the differences than I am.
Major reasons we have to elect a Democrat: 1) SCOTUS nominations 2) SCOTUS nominations 3) SCOTUS nominations 4) SCOTUS nominations 5) SCOTUS nominations
&gt; What about Hilary specifically makes you think her judicial appointments will be better than, say, Rand Paul? Maybe the fact that she is very liberal? Very. You get that right? You guys can echo chamber all day about Hillary being a Republican-lite and all that but in truth, she's a solid liberal: 538 on how she is actually a liberal: http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/hillary-clinton-was-liberal-hillary-clinton-is-liberal/ Study on where each candidate falls on a continuum of liberal/conservative: http://dailysignal.com/2015/01/15/political-startup-ranks-conservative-liberal-2016-candidates/ SPOILER: she's a solid liberal.
Reddit on Bernie: [I will name him George](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPdHaNr0OAY)
&gt; How does this make her superior in terms of judicial appointments? Who said superior? It shows she is a liberal and will pick liberal judges. That's how this all works.
&gt; She's a modern American liberal, which makes her to the right of Reagan on a host of issues, to the right of Nixon on most issues, and to the right of Eisenhower on all issues. Great. You just identified all of America right now. You've identified why Obama couldn't get anything done and has governed as a centrist. You've illuminated why Bill Clinton was Republican lite. Well done. A smart politician has to govern with the tenor of the country in mind. Without that, you are a ineffective politician that gets nothing done. What you are describing is a aspects of American politics and society since the beginning: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory
For all the redditors that think he's cool, he's all the things we hate about the right wing (fuck the poors, kill the safety net, lets corporation do whatever they want, deregulate everything, screw the environment) with two to three decent things that reddit loves (end drug war, NSA bad).
We're talking about donors so where she was in office is the point of the whole conversation.
Are you saying the GOP should eschew their responsibility in promoting violent rhetoric, catering to the southern strategy or constantly demeaning our sitting President as an 'other' (Muslim, Marxist, socialist)? Because if the right has used any of those tactics they should just man up and admit their culpability. You know, personal responsibility. You reap what you sow.
I love how I put out literal hard data sources and you reject that information based on your feelings. Be careful left wing, you're doing what the right wing does constantly.
I moved across the street from where I work in a very walkable neighborhood and have never been so happy in my life. I use my car like twice a week. First world problem: I use my car so infrequently that I actually have to drive it around so the battery will recharge.
Zero proof whatsoever
&gt; A law which doesn't do what was promised, or claimed? How is that?
Oh would you look at that. Deficit hawk now thinks more added to the deficit is just fine. Wow, Capt. Just...wow.
Dammit folks quit downvoting all the gun posts. These are needed discussion dying in the new queue.
Sorry, anything not 100% pro Bernie will die in the new queue.
&gt; if she gets in power it'll just be more abuses committed against our freedom. Based on what? I mean beyond the rhetoric you've picked up on reddit? &gt;I have no clue how any sane person could support hillary. I have no clue why you feel the need to frame an argument that basically insults me but it's typical for the reddit kids that can't argue their way pour of a wet paper bag.
&gt; They are either 15 years old That's all that needs to be said. Reddit demographics make this the answer.
YES! GOT IT!
Reddit sometimes automatically removes gofundme links. I approved it.
Especially true because so many of the traditional journalist outfits have cut back to the bone and are relying on second hand news, talking heads and access to Washington.
And now a shut down inning from Shore!
9-1 in the 7th. I'll take this boring shit all day long.
Really interesting. It cools them off.
OP said it was her silence. You say its her 45 comments. Yikes guys. Stick to an attack.
I hear you but would rather us folks in America came to understand our own patterns before comparing ourselves to other countries that have no bearing on us: &gt;[The cyclical theory refers to a model used by historian Arthur Schlesinger to attempt to explicate the fluctuations in politics throughout American History. Liberalism and conservatism are rooted in the “national mood” that shows a continuing shift in national involvement between public purpose and private interest. Each of these cycles includes a phase of dominant public interest, a transition phase, and a phase of prevalent private interest.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory) I believe America has always had these leans throughout its history in almost robotic and predictable patterns. I believe we've been leaning conservative since the 80s and as we always do, are starting to be reviled by the conservative ideology and have started to move back to the left in a slow by sure process. I also believe Obama and someone like Hillary get this and have started moving left as well. I believe good politicians regardless of party, govern with these societal leans in mind to get anything done which is why Bill Clinton and Obama have had to govern as centrists and use political triangulation to get anything done. So to me seeing our patterns and not beating our heads against the desk of wondering why we are shifted one way or another is important. If we believe we are moving left as a whole then finally the real left like Sanders and Warren and yes, Hillary, can work to get some real shit done if we give them a chance and that means unifying and supporting Democrats up and down the ticket.
10-5 good buddy that a big 10-4...wait-
&gt; "he’ll host a private breakfast fundraiser at the Hotel Palomor in Chicago, where the suggested contribution is $1,000. Similarly priced events are also on deck in Austin and Los Angeles." lol. Welcome to the party Bernie.
Oh you better hope they don't come back.
&gt;&gt;For all the redditors that think he's cool, he's all the things **we** hate about the right wing &gt;I like how you've taken over the term "we" as if all redditors, or even all of /r/politics, has the same views as You like that? Then I'll just keep doing it for you. Cheers -- R.politics spokesman
When they get in the White house and are tasked with our safety and get all those toys and powers, all that 'tear down the MIC' talk goes out the window. All you can hope for with any American president is no new war theaters with massive boots on the ground.
We're two peas in a pod we are!
Not budget but actually using the military. Having it at your disposal and being world police. Having to stop terrorism and lead every military expedition on the planet. It's like a military addiction and they get infected when sworn in.
RTFA
*spin spin spin*
I'm suggesting this conspiracy theory is just lazy eschewing of personal responsibility.
Nothing you can do. The Sanders threads have all the earmarks of bots and outside gaming. When you see a post rocket to the front page in an hour and there's a handful of comments, it's a probable gamed thread. I'm guessing the same bots the ron paul folks used all the time.
Also, their username does as well.
Fucking great post dying in the new queue. Sorry SomeNorCalGuy, real political info isn't supported here unless it shows Sanders positively. Hey Sanders supporters? Can you set your bots to upvote this one? /s
You're on a roll today. Lol
What if ISIS paid the shooter to shoot these folks to start a race war to hurt America? Maybe Putin did it to make America look bad. Maybe gays triggered this by having gay sex? I win because i made up more scenarios than you!!!
They didn't attention so it has to be a conspiracy!
But you are my contact person. Why are you turning on me like this?
Sanders is all things to all people! Seriously, the rhetoric and behavior of the Sanders folks is so eerily similar to the Ron Paul supporters I feel like I've traveled back in time.
&gt;Losing a subcommittee chairmanship midway through a congressional session is among the most serious punishments thus far in Speaker John Boehner’s (R-Ohio) majority. Boehner and his leadership team have grown frustrated with Republicans who vote against the procedural “rule” motion. Those votes — which allow the Republican leadership to bring a bill up for debate and a vote — typically fall along party lines. But a group of conservatives has voted against the measures, mostly in protest of Boehner’s leadership. Republican leadership sees the move as unacceptable —akin to ceding power to Democrats. Delicious!
Actually, I believe its the same group of internet folks that spammed the hell out of us in 08 and 12. Mix in the disaffected youth that dominate reddit and you get the next savior.
Gotta out nutty the nuts to be king of the nuts.
Well, that was a lot of nothing.
Damn, that's a good one...
When people get sick of it they need to message the ADMINS not the moderators of the subs. More complaints the better.
Do you want to have a discussion about American cycles and how overreach by the side being favored creates the backlash that shoves the country in the opposite direction? Because I'm not gonna be berated by someone who has no intention of discussing what is a hugely studied and explored facet of American culture.
They will be a very very good team next year. If they learn to play a tiny bit of small ball they will be unbelievable. This was a fantastic experience for what is a super young team.
Wait- Media Matters isn't auto banned anymore?
Real clear sucks in its original content but is great as an aggregate of polls and other analysis. Much like reddit (aggregate).
He announced he was leaving before Donovan left. And you did watch him play for this team last year, right? He was pretty bad.
I'd rather those minutes go to one of those young guys, by far. I'm also kinda resigned to next year being a rebuilding year and with that would rather the young guys and folks sure they want to be there, to get the minutes.
Not to mention the fraud private lenders in the late 80s early 90s were caught doing. Sallie Mae paid a huge fine after being caught paying off and influencing school counselors to steer students away from work study and the tons of grants in favor of subsidized loans.
So if Hillary is the nominee, Dem turnout will be abysmal? Citation needed.
Let's see: &gt;the last time democrats won the presidential election for more than 8 years is over 150 years ago. and the original assertion: &gt;If Hillary does actually get the nomination, you sure as hell better rethink it. Unless Satan himself registers as a Republican to run, Dem voter turnout will be abysmal. You completely changed directions, back peddled then moved the goal posts. Not one of your better comments.
How would it work? Have you thought this out? Rand and Bernie are completely on opposite sides of policy wants and needs. Rand is a small government, starve the beast libertarian-lite that would tear down the safety net and deregulate even further things like EPA, FDA, SEC. He'd gut compliance and try to undo financial safeguards like Dodd/Frank. Sanders is the complete opposite in that he would not only secure the safety net but expand it while furthering the governmental reach to protect consumers. Hell, he's calling for a financial transactions tax and bringing back Glass/Stegal. It would not work.
Citation? Please.
&gt;They are the only two that could reach a compromise that could satisfy the center. You have to take a fresh approach instead of approaching things from the party line. See, we can't even get past the first sentences without unsubstantiated assertions. Prove these two would compromise. Do so while explaining why these two career politicians voted in lockstep with thier parties for their careers, Rand 85% of the time and Sanders? 98%. What fever dream do you have to have to believe these guys would compromise? Look, you young folk think partisanship is so bad but in reality, in a two party system its normal and even healthy but pretending these two dogs dont hunt for thier masters is just silly.
Great thread.
Please don't blame r.politics. This shit is being gamed from outside.
Julian Castro, not Fidel.
&gt;The French Revolution. The American Revolution. Hitler's rise to Godwinned in under 2 comments. &gt;My point being that you'll always find people trying to attribute absolute laws to the way the world works, writing articles about how something can't happen. But here's the thing with American elections. You have 200 plus years of evidence. You have recent elections that compare exactly like this one. You have more polling than a statistician could ever want and you have a culture and a country that because it is dependent on a two party Democracy in a first past the post voting system, is more predictable than a broken clock. There would have to be a game changer for Bernie to even get within striking distance. That's possible of course but too small a chance to hang your hat on.
Me gusta Julian. He is positioned to get the nod perfectly.
Yep. When I see powerlineblog getting upvotes in left shifted r.politics, I know somebody is drinking the koolaid.
&gt; shes a flip flopping phony and everyone knows it. Proof? &gt;the Clinton years were not very good for the Left, and we don't want a repeat. Oh? How did the left do badly in this time? Were you of voting age in the 90s? How were you affected by these 'bad' years?
&gt; but if you don't know anything about it, how can you make an argument against it? /r/politics does it all the time so why not the dude at theforecaster.net?
Oh how the GOP misses the days of special prosecutors.
Sleek aluminum lines, a fondling tail, downwind unwind, drifting a cloud pillow making way for the fuselage- So supple, so long full of little eye balls staring out the sides watching for a peek of what lies beneath those sheets of rain, roaring fire breathing contrails and exhales as we rear back and jump into the sky, exploding like the fourth of july and raining sparks on everyone below. I know we could have made such fun right here climbing for the sun but I wouldn't have had safety nets to say, fuck those jets!
We were both late 'adds' to the film program and kind of bonded through that. Did a lot of drinking together and shared a lot of music. I always pushed him to listen to more Sonic Youth. Glad he didn't let that affect him. Don't tell anyone but he did the simple song that starts and ends my last student film. This was around 1999: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-PvdoFNKH0 (sounds is weak, jack up the volume)
Poll shows Bernie making ground on Hillary in NH: &gt;OMG YES THIS IS GREAT! POLLING IS BRILLIANT@ Poll show Bernie getting clobbered: &gt;Polls are stupid. Let's wait till the debates and he'll kill her.
CaptainRocwell has been here for years fighting the conservative fight against us godless liberals. He's been thru dozens of usernames, mostly WWI Flying aces. Actually a nice dude under all that icky right wing stuff.
&gt; that fact gets brought up in pretty much every single Bernie thread there is. He says most redditors don't know this, and thus is saying, in effect, that most redditors are stupid. People come here to talk about politics. Just because you've seen an argument many times doesn't mean the people making those arguments have. Maybe your viewpoint is skewed because you read and comment in a lot of Bernie threads? That might make it seem more pronounced?
Upvoted because you sound willing to listen. I hear what you are saying but you should know something. The deluge of Bernie posts in the sub and all over reddit are creating a backlash that will result in you seeing a lot of the same arguments for Bernie and against Bernie. Some of it is legit people that like Bernie and don't like Bernie and some of it will be folks pushing back against the deluge and responding to the same repeated arguments with their own repeated arguments. The Bernie supporters (and I do like Bernie...a lot) are just as guilty as anyone for making the same arguments over and over which in response begets the same counter arguments over and over. TL;DR: get used to the repetition because when you wedge Bernie posts all over reddit, you're gonna get the same arguments over and over.
Meanwhile, it's all the Dems fault because they control the House and the Sen- oh wait... Fucking GOP getting a pass...again. Party not in power? IT'S THEIR FAULT!
Reagan got away with the supply side, trickle down, government bad nonsense because he was right at the beginning of a conservative era. Jindal can't reheat the rhetoric and use it all over because America has had 40 years to figure out that trickle down, deregulation and supply side is nonsense so, that dog just won't hunt anymore.
Maybe but Clinton is still wildly popular post presidency. 64% approval in 2014: http://www.gallup.com/poll/171794/clinton-elder-bush-positively-rated-living-presidents.aspx Not sure NAFTA is having any effect on him.
Sigh. You mean the split that was manufactured to give vulnerable Dems up for reelection in 2016, political cover for this trade deal and so they could say they stood up to Obama? Split my ass. Political theater.
&gt; My question, though, is if there is any precedent for this Yeah, the whole gaggle of Republicans sending a letter directly to the Iranian government telling them the deal will be scuttled when Obama leaves office.
Wave the magic wand like liberals thought he would when they elected him in 08 and then punished him for not using by not voting in midterms?
&gt;Screw California (no offense gary). The three schools that finished ahead of us were Stanford, UCLA, and USC. You know, you can screw these universities just fine without screwing California as a whole. And since you live in the South, I win. How hot is it today? Me? 75 degrees with little humidity. Breezy and gorgeous.
Yep. And Little brother through Marla are just...wow.
So basically you're a victim here? What ever happened to the tough guy, bootstrapping cowboy right wingers that wouldn't dare let themselves be seen as some kind of victim to the left or anyone for that matter? These days it's all martyrs and crybabies talking about attacks on Christianity or Christmas or PC SJWs coming for their free speech. Truly a pathetic and mewling 180 turn.
Sounds like the best option would be to mind your own business then. That and stop trolling people and let them do what they want. You know, like conservatives used to do with things.
Hell yes! I endorse this wholeheartedly.
Yes. It's nonsense from 10/14/94 Just the same old no fact attacks because the temples excommunicated the SGI.
When you indent a line (4 spaces at beginning) It escapes Reddit's formatting And looks like this New paragraphs are just 2 returns. No indentation required on internet paragraphs. -------------------- I love your share and couldn't agree more. I guess you've been over arguing with the SGI is a cult people? They are a very...sad bunch. I mean, they are more obsessed about the sgi than...the sgi. We had some major battles over in r/buddhism that got very ugly and they even got banned over there...but mostly theyve left this place alone recently.
From Scalia's dissent: "We should start calling this law SCOTUScare." More at scotus blog: http://www.scotusblog.com/2015/06/live-blog-of-opinions-june-25-2015/
Sorry my friend, when gary gives his prognostications, they are final and set in stone ;)
The Sanders folks are either sitting on the new queue upvoting anything 'sanders positive', upvoting links from posts on other websites or they got themselves a bot like the ron paul supporters had.
I'm only ask you once to not make this place your personal litter box. If you don't like a feedback someone gives you and they didn't flame you or weren't rude then you let it go and move on with your life. You do not start making posts attacking them nor do you start shitting up the place like a 12 year old. We don't do witch hunts, we don't attack the awesome moderators around here and we don't turn feedback into a personal attack and we especially don't make posts to inflame someone. We also don't like to ban anyone. We actually hate it so please just let it go and keep being a valuable contributor that sounds really smart and has excellent poetry skills and takes feedback with a grain of salt because it's not personal. Sound good?
That's cool but, I'd rather.
Oh, is that your answer? I must move to Canada if I want everyone to have access to medical care? Good lord dude, grow up.
WashTimes is a right wing rag owned by the Moonies. Breitbart's little brother.
&gt; I thought I doubt you did anything remotely like thinking in this thread.
GOALPOSTS MOVING! LOOK OUT BELOW!
A bit repetitive but sure, fabulous works too.
Go ahead man, pile on, pile on.
Good.
That's politics. Every Hillary thread on this website is full of Sanders supporters dredging up the lies that are Whitewater or Vince Foster or her opposition to gay marriage in 2004. Make sure you can take as good as you can give it.
Good for you. Sanders seems to be attracting a lot of people new to politics that think this will all be butterflies and kittens and that by downvoting every attack on him, it will all go away.
I figured if anyone would get that these are people testing out attacks and a normal part of the process, it would be you, Spinning. &gt;we need Bernie Sigh. We need a strong progressive unification on the left, not any single person. Not Hillary. Not Bernie. Not Obama. We need an entirety and to stop focusing on the POTUS.
Best by far, in my lifetime. Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, Bush II and Obama. Never have I seen one get as much done in the face of so much opposition.
&gt;Can what I have done be understood or forgiven? I have always had difficulty with boundaries, interpersonal relationships and intimacy. You made amends where you could and are now working on yourself to fix these problems you have and become a better person. Other people may or may not forgive you and there's nothing you can do about that. But forgiving yourself is the part that you can control. Here's how I dealt with my emotional immaturity (adult child) when I finally got help in my 30s: I treat this broken inner self as a child I have to be the parent of. Once I made this separation I explored all the areas that were lacking so I was familiar with my problem areas. And then I went about the task of fixing these issues just like you are doing. But the key for me was being the parent that my little inner child never had. That poor little child didn't have supportive parents at all. Instead, like you, he went through absolute hell as a kid when he should have been coddled and loved and supported and elevated. And Instead of having good parents, he was the parent and forced into a maturity he had no business being responsible for. So I listen to my inner self and love him with all my heart. He went through so much and needs unconditional love 100%. I make sure to do what's best for him and protect him from toxic people. I always make sure he isn't freaking out about something and when he is, I listen and hold him and always promise to make it right so he can feel comfortable. When I do, he has gotten to the point that he trusts me and feels loved and it makes the scary moments more manageable. And I always forgive him. He was so broken and had such horrible habits and mental outlook that I have no choice but to forgive my little boy. He was confused and so mis-educated on life and boundaries, beating him up over and over just seems so silly and counterproductive. And when I do/did forgive him, he melted in my arms and from then on, fixing things went quicker and easier. TL;DR: You have to love yourself unconditionally and the easiest way towards that goal is to create a relationship with your inner emotional self and see that self as the little child desperate for a good parental figure. Do that and things will fall into place. And PS: tough love is garbage. Unconditional, empathetic love rocks!
I like ACOA better than al anon. I also implore you to get into therapy and discovered there is a specific form of therapy that was created by the programs born out of the ACOA traditions and the work done by alcoholic family pioneer John Bradshaw: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrative_Body_Psychotherapy http://www.ibponline.org/therapist_search.php It really deals with all the aspects of who you are as a person and works towards growing you up in the ways not there when you were a child. Also if I were you, I would sign up for this email list: https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/aca-acoa/info Anonymous email group that has been my extended family for a long time. Just seeing these people and what they are going through flow by in my email changed a lot for me. &gt;My inner self craves love and security, and I'm bad at loving myself. Your little child needs you. Unconditional love. Negative head talk can be changed. You can replace it with loving affirmations. &gt;I honestly feel sick thinking about behaviour that is so wrong. I'm not excusing bad behavior but, give your little person a break. Adding the shame and revulsion on top of the bad behavior makes it stick long term. I recommend a great book: [Healing the Shame that binds you](http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0CB4QFjAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2FHealing-Shame-Binds-Recovery-Classics%2Fdp%2F0757303234&amp;ei=VpWNVcnhGI3KogSXnIGgCg&amp;usg=AFQjCNFwQvKPr6zwCg9pD5ke_7dtchH37Q&amp;sig2=xwGBbPy48fw4MI8C4Oq7pQ&amp;bvm=bv.96783405,d.cGU) And here's part 1 of the video version of it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q2tZa1gp8Q Bradshaw is so important for what you are going through. Give it a listen. &gt;Many would say that they've had bad childhoods and didn't act like me, thus not even attempting to understand. Ignore them. Focus on you. --------------------- Now do me a favor. Talk to yourself right now. Tell that inner child you love them, even if it feel fake and when you do, physically enbrace yourself and even hug yourself while saying it. Tell that inner kid you will fight for him and you will never stop until they are happy. Tell them you will take care of them no matter what and love them forever. And never stop trying to be happy. You deserve to be happy.
I'll chip in!
That's a good clown bot.
That's a regular user at coontown.
Hmm, no clown bot?
There he is is!
&gt; He should have walked into the WH in 2000, but their bad behavior left enough of a bad taste to make it very competitive. You think Clinton's blow job hurt Gore? What hurt Gore was his wishy washy personality and he should have embraced Bill Clinton instead of running away from him. The Clinton's behavior was never an issue.
Would be the biggest landslide this country has ever seen, for whatever ham sandwich the Dems would put up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP8sofAN4xc
Prove it was an issue. Or don't because having a conversation with you is like talking to a child.
Your in my sub chany. You couldn't get an upvote here if you begged. You are the one dismissed.
Constitutional amendment: 100% publicly funded local, state and national elections. Level the playing field.
You don't deserve rebuttal or discussion. Yours is a position of ignorance and mean spirited and self absorbed nonsense. You wouldn't know a great moment if it slapped you in the face so you use a chicken little throw away to make stupid comments. Go back to the right wing subs and hide there. You have no substance and your side is dead. They are on the wrong side of history and lost in the wilderness.
I wonder how long you'd keep goimg. How long your ego will push you to respond. Let's see:
I've never understood why they go for the top prize (potus) and basically ignore local and state office. I would start small and grow brand name trust rather than the 4 year nonsense office chase.
Government bad, government bad, government bad, government bad! Anyone else sick of this drum beat? Fuck you foxnews.
&gt;just in case you needed any more proof that liberalism is a mental disorder. A shame you folks are getting your asses handed to you by those liberal mental disorders.
You are a sad human being and should seek therapy if THAT is what you took from that speech. But i doubt you even listened to it and are just trolling. So its all good and i hope your trolling provides you some kind of solace for the fact that your side had historic losses this week.
I do care and appreciate you schooling me. Cheers.
S'all good. Be well my friend.
lol
Incorrect. There are more conservative forums on the interwebs than liberal by a order of magnitude.
Just more weak kneed garbage from the hillary derangement fan club. You folks need a hobby. Concern trolling is rampant in this sub.
Whatever ham sandwich the Democrats put up in the general election is my choice. The right must be forced to the center and there are too many SCOTUS openings coming. Ham sandwich (D) 2016
Lucky us, huh?
Huh?
Not even surprising on this site anymore.
&gt; pretend liberal That's just silly.
Shill for who?
The private corporate lobbyist outfit that is the chamber of commerce should be sent to function in Somalia. They can take ALEC with them and have their own little libertarian utopia together and leave the USA the fuck alone.
ITT: I wish people would take the political tone of the era these people served as POTUS when making sweeping judgments about their governing style. Clinton came to office in a virulently, excessively conservative lean era in America. The early 80s were the beginning of a conservative America that is just recently turning in the other direction. Back then it was all just say no, war on drugs, deregulation, unions bad, welfare queens, tax cuts for job creators. It was America itself that was Republican-lite and a President worth their salt, governs with this in mind or they get marginalized and one term. Clinton was a brilliant politician and steward and used things like triangulation to get anything done in such a right wing time. That is how this all works and ignoring that aspect of our political reality in America is so frustrating.
Yeah but they could listen to old farts like me that are constantly trying to shove perspective down their throats. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory I've pasted this link so many time wikipedia probably owes me some kind of citation :)
They've done numerous studies and investigations looking for voter fraud and illegals voting and they've found none. Billions of votes cast and what they know is that illegals have no interest in exposing themselves to felony charges and possible deportation to vote illegally in an election.
Required reading in US schools should include "Generations" by Strauss and Howe. The cyclical nature of American politics and it's 4 repeating generational personality types is a stunning perspective on how we are really nothing like the individualistic islands we like to think of ourselves as. Herd animals all the way.
We're just at the beginning. It takes several decades for stuff to fizzle out like is happening with right wing ideology (supply side, deregulation, just say no, etc). We haven't even begun the fight for strengthening the lower and middle class...
See, you're looking for something that does not happen to fit a disgusting set of policies enacted to keep legitimate people from voting. Show the fraud, show the illegals voting, show anything happening in numbers that would affect even an election for local dog catcher and I would support robust voter IDs. Without the fraud actually happening, all conservatives are doing is tipping their hand on the movement to disenfranchise legitimate voters and prop up a party hemorrhaging voters right and left. The other bit of comedy in all this is that when the left ceded to the idea of a national voter ID and the right insistence on expanding the federal government, immediately right wing websites and mouth pieces turned on the freak-out machine claiming national IDs would be abused by the government and used to herd the precious little snowflakes into FEMA camps. Such a putrid game played by a right wing that is completely out of ideas and ways to game elections. I would be utterly embarrassed to support these nonsense games, but that's just me I guess.
Workin' both sides of the aisle.
&gt; Just look at Bill Clinton, it only took one president for him to become one of the most revered political figures alive today. Even George H. W. Bush is looked back at fondly. Yep. And to further drive that point home. GWB who left office with a 22% approval rate, loathed by just about everyone, now has a 53% approval rate which for him is out of this world: http://talkingpointsmemo.com/polltracker/george-bush-approval-disapproval-first-time
The memory hole on reddit and America in general is deep and as strong as a black hole.
And considering they'll have very little cap space, a minimum Pat would be a great pickup.
&gt;have not cut a check to any of the **Republican presidential hopefuls** , according to a person familiar with their political activities. But you can be sure as shit they're already spending at all other junctures, local, state and pacs. Those tentacles are all over our body politic.
Haha, you're my favorite new account!
Haha cause it's opposite day! Yay!
&gt;I haven't read the article, it seems click-baity, but Stopped right there.
I'm not trying to insult you with this but, yours is a viewpoint steeped in hyperbole and a over reliance on apocalyptic fascination. Where you see doom and gloom, the reality is much more sedate. America has seen worse and overcome. Robber barons, yellow journalim, hell, women had no right to vote and fought the better part of a century with zero representation and won. Your mired in a short time line and can't see the forest for the trees. We've already started moving back to the left. The popularity of Bernie Sanders, of legalization, sentencing reform. marriage, the awareness of income inequality...the zooming unpopularity of wall street and trickle down, wars and CEO pay; the rise of populism and unions and middle class economics. America changes first through its ideas and shared mindset and the that tail wags the dog of the body politic. Let go of the cynicism and enjoy the process as we move back into a progressive era.
No, the kids that dominate reddit especially with school out, believe that and I'm not so sure you want to be stooping to their argumentative level. Right?
&gt; The LAST poll came out a week ago! Why are these articles still being upvoted to the top of /r/politics[1] ? Because they have a bot in the new queue. Just like the Ron Paul minions did in 08 and 12.
I agree but it's an odd take coming from a user named bernie16wb. ;)
I was in a thread yesterday or the day before where the Bernie supporters were convinced they could make a ticket of Rand Paul and Bernie work. Of course Bernie for POTUS and Rand VP. Their argument was that the two were politically very closely aligned. Horseshoe theory FTW.
Wrong again? When was the first time, sweetie?
While we're at it, can we get an article on where the campaign staff are eating dinner?
ALEC and the US Chamber of Commerce are nothing more than corporate lobbying and legislation mills gone amok.
The car elevator/big home attacks on Romney were weak. The ones that actually hurt him were the vulture capitalist ones that started early summer.
lol! A Sanders supporter submitting a video by uber conservative campus reform which is owned and operated by the massively conservative Leadership institute! My does politics make for strange bedfellows!
Feel better my friend. And happy 2016!
WTF: [Florida kicker injured in walk through on Thursday, will not play in Citrus Bowl](http://www.saturdaydownsouth.com/florida-football/florida-kicker-injured-for-citrus-bowl/) That kid is jinxed.
Someone call the dentist.
Most of the big sports subs blow. R/NBA makes me puke.
/u/thehammersuit knows his shit.
Mike Shanahan? Woah. Yes please.
And my mom has a part time job but is retired overall so, no thanks.
&gt; **Alot** of people voted obama because he was black. **Nobody said americans were smart.**
-100!
We could make specific tags for summer stuff and would 100% support someone making this happen. Our subscriber base would love it.
&gt; Austin Hardin level tying lol
Also overheard: &gt;My son is just the nicest boy evah!
&gt; democrat party Aw, that insult never gets old.
Correct. They do not vote.
Let's see those studies or any proof.
Hill looking good too. Wow.
&gt; Sometimes winning is simply not losing as much as you could have. Holding the line while progressives and progressive ideals in America wake the fuck back up after 40 years of conservative ideological lean, is how our political system works. Keeping a Democrat, no matter what kind, in that White House is incredibly important.
Baloney.
The 40 year war on all things union continues. Shifting the SCOTUS back to the left is gonna be the defining issue for the next 8 years of the POTUS.
It's also really fun to do yourself.
140 million tax payer dollars for all the 1990s investigations by the GOP...to find a single blow job. That's about 215 million in today dollars.
Fuck it, I stickied this post.
Schedule: http://floridagators.com/schedule.aspx?path=baseball
Yesterday about 10am PST, the first 30 posts on the front page were the same 4-5 Bernie posts. I asked the mods to cull some of it and they told me that if me and the other people complaining would vote in the new queue, we could stop the flood. Pathetic.
Banned? By who?
What, a GOP mouthpiece run by a cult leader isn't your cup of tea?
HA! Good one man!
&gt; How would we pick which single source to allow? You just do it and stop worrying about what every tom dick and harry would think. keep the first one or the one with the most comments but for pork's sake, stop letting a group explicitly gaming your forum to get away with it. This is your sub. Moderators are the law on reddit. Take charge.
Wow, hell of a resume! We've got you down for the process and deeply appreciate your interest!
&gt;I'm keeping count and I refuse to use another username. *so brave* lol
Will do! Ultimately modding is mostly about being attentive. That's what a sub like this needs.
&gt; Except that it created gay witch hunts. There were absolutely gay witch hunts before DADT.
Grifters gotta grift.
Yeah, very true. Uber conservative game plan relying on defensive prowess.
I mean, the political process has been the same for 230 years and we've seen some of the most progressive advancements in that time of any country. Maybe it's not as bad as everyone makes it out to be?
Good signing. Develop under the new regime and lets see what happens.
Never! You will tesy all throughout your life!
Dis be a game thread test mother-humpers!
When you type in the text box it cancels the link. Just edit your text box comment and add the link.
I would urge you to kindly try and make the SGI into what you would like. It's at an incredible juncture right now where American leadership is becoming less and less Japanese and a lot of the simplicity and dogmatic stuff falling away. Me and my fellow member did a literal reading of the Lotus Sutra over the course of several months. It was fun. I also did a chart and specific reading of the Gohonzon that was fun. Help make the SGI more American and less dumbed down.
Please don't use URL shorteners.
Been a fan for almost 2 decades. Used to be everyone loved the shitty clips.
It shields the politicians from the still formidable 'tough on crime' demographic that are clueless about the destructiveness of these 3 strikes/mandatory minimum laws.
Good god yes. Move the microphone at least.
&gt;Every single attack, from the NYtimes hit piece where the women went on the news and refuted everything said, to this charity crap, to Trump trying to "buy low and sell high" in 2006 has been an utter catastrophe for Hillary's campaign. I'm not buying this as a catastrophe for her what-so-ever. She has put little to no effort into attacking him and is basically letting the national media do what it does post primaries: vet the candidates for real. Since there's no high school drama that was the GOP primaries, they actually have to do their job for any kind of a attention. No more Rubio to mock, no more Cruz to smear, no more dick references and no more media manipulation. Just Trump Hillary and the media and they will begin picking him apart one by one. Trump University, the veterans donations, the bernie debate and he's getting more and more rattled: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/01/us/politics/donald-trump-veterans-affairs-donation.html?_r=0 http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2016/05/the_media_finally_figured_out_how_to_rattle_donald_trump.html And none of it costing Hillary a penny. Meanwhile she flies on the radar, is able to sidestep what should have been a bad media week (State Dept IG report) and gets ready for a huge thunderous win next Tuesday that will get her a nice 1-3% bump while Trump is attacked on multiple fronts. The idea that you actually believe this is a not affecting Trump seems kinda sad. Like Romney believing his internal polls or Bernie supporters thinking he still has a chance.
Sorry, didn't realize the IG report uncovered criminal wrong doing. Must be towards the back of the report huh?
Practice with your inner self relationship/head talk. If you can find empathy and compassion for yourself, it will spread to the outside world.
I'd be very surprised if Sullivan changes the rotation up. He seems like the type that at this point values the continuity with the team. I could see him yank Puk in a heartbeat though...
I'm not gonna submit all 8, that would be flooding the queue. Anyone else: http://www.baseballamerica.com/college/
Aw, someone's got a sad and is downvoting this thread. Cute.
2-0 Florida in the 5th http://www.ncaa.com/game/baseball/d1/2016/06/12/florida-florida-st
I believe a great starting point is understanding the science behind all of this stuff. This PDF is from the textbook used in the IBP therapy program from Jack Rosenberg and it has been the cornerstone of me discovering who I am, what my character is built on, how I can be more in the moment and also understand why I do things the way I do. Fragmentation and the Good Parent Messages: http://zombiepsychic.com/WordPress/good-parent-messages/
I got no such thing.
Considering I'm a mod, you would think I'd get right on that. Mods are losers¡
&lt;3
I got a feeling we'll promote from within...not sure why.
Wow, the tv and radio broadcasts are essentially in sync.
What do you mean?
We never really called it 'attachment disorder' but it is apt to what I dealt with. Really, those good parent messages and the program (IBP Therapy) kept me focused on literally 'growing up' my inner emotional and developmental self. Learning to be the good parent I never had so my inner self could go through the developmental milestones I never went through. 'Growing up' seems more doable and user friendly than scientific labels. And approaching it like you are a loving caring parent for the broken, immature inner self is very manageable with goals, milestones and whatnot. I went from a 33 year old man with a 14 year old inside emotionally, to a 46 year old man with a 28 year old inside. Huge improvement but it was hard. Hard as in going back to high school and starting all over. Ugh :)
http://www.ibponline.org/ IBP Therapy: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrative_Body_Psychotherapy and this PDF I give people is the cornerstone: http://zombiepsychic.com/WordPress/good-parent-messages/ This therapy was born of the alcoholic research studies from the 60s/70s and is geared toward a scientific approach that deal with the full body approach; mind, spirit, diet, spirituality, therapy, inner child, active life and ultimately learning to be your own good parent and make the choices necessary to be an adult.
I stickied this for better visibility. Hopefully you come back if there are more questions.
&gt; The fact that it was decided to make H.C. the candidate was made for us, it was too obvious and purpose driven. The DNC wanted the best candidate with the juggernaut of a campaign machine (Obama's team) behind. Nothing nefarious beyond 'winning' and Hillary gives them that option. &gt; I am opposed to H.C. to be President because she is the choice of the same people pushing the anti-worker (wage and rights suppression) all the wealthy are pushing. The DNC is supporting raising the minimum wage increase as well as opposes right to work laws. Not sure what you are talking about. &gt; The refusal to consider single payer health care. The refusal is because Sander's support of single payer means Obamacare dies and millions upon millions go back to no healthcare. If Sanders would have run on improving Obamacare he would have gotten that in the platform Hillary and the DNC are running TOWARDS Obama, not away. Killing his signature accomplishment would be the death of the left right now. I know you understand politics, compromise and picking your battles. Using this as a cudgel is disingenuous. &gt; The backdown on the minimum wage increase Nonsense. A smarter version is in the platform. &gt; No housing proposals, no attack on the failure of the voucher program for housing. Picking their battles. &gt; The punitive system for college for middle and working class, a national disaster when our future depends upon knowledge and educating only the children of the wealthy and the few "honor" students willing to go along to get a third or fourth place at the table or nothing only perpetuates the culture of entitlement enjoyed by those who did receive a tax supported education and now pretend they didn't. This is word salad. Not sure what bringing up how the system used to be deals with things today. Sounds like you have a bone to pick with baby boomer. Hillary had a two year college proposal. &gt; Hillary's campaign has made this her message. You get nothing for voting for me but more capitulation to the powerful who are absolutely intent on stripping political rights and impoverishing anyone not already wealthy. More word salad you folks on the internet have picked up that has zero basis in reality. Stripping political rights? Impoverishing people? Hooey.
