This.
Brook. Khan knows he destined to be a gate keeper.Already has 3 losses and has little to no ring IQ, not really a devastating puncher, and has a weak chin. Khan knows Brook and Mayweather beat him. Khan will be a gate keeper this time next year.
If that happened i'll take a pic of me licking my friends face[hopefully]
this isn't that cringe. Would have been cringe if she physically stopped you mid hug and THEN offered to fist bump.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J7n9mDIGD4 wow... lmaooooo
It's a girl &amp; she would be ok with it. really i'm just looking for an excuse to lick her[pause]
ggg loses to ward &amp; would defeat floyd due to the size. Ward is the most complete fighter after Floyd, i'd say ward is 95 percent of what floyd is. He's a very complete fighter. One thing Ward can do that floyd usually doesnt or cant is "maul" opponents. Floyd and ward have inside games. Elite elite elite fighters usually are very very good at all phases of fightinng. Long range, mid range and short/insidie
prime for prime i'd favor ward hopkins. Quicker, better ring IQ, more willing to maul his opponents. I think a more correct statement would be like Andre Ward is Bernard Hopkins 2.0/Upgraded Edition
She looks like john elway in a wig with a spray tan. Cotdam
Yeah but they're your friends so it says a lot about you too homie. I hate people who say shit like "omg i'm getting tired of my friend posting racist shit'. Point 1.) Why are they even still your friend then?
I think so. Look at boston dynamics. there robots seem leaps and bounds ore advanced. For example. Can't their robots catch and balance themselves like animals when their falling to re-gain their balance?
his resume ist. He lost most of his big fights. That's like putting a job you didnt get and adding it as part of your resume.
Yep...That part where he dodged a trout flurry was awesome. you know a good place I can find good quality of may-pac and rigo-amagasa
I feel like a dumbass...I was wondering 'Who the fuck is noir and why is their list so good compared to the others....then it dawned on me.
garcia, After facing Matthysse all punches from algieri will feel like little fluffs of heaven
post pics
sarcasm
I have a question. Are the boston dynamics robots better than the ones in the darpachallenge? Cause it seems their robot are immensely more fluid. one thing i don't get is that BD had their robots mimick human motion or animals to a tee with "joints" so they could balance themselves? If BD entered a challenged with their personally designed robot. Could they win?
I feel srr would have defeated taylor easy
black and I love koth....also I really hated john redcorn
Who is masyweather?
I know the feeling..i respect tyler for this. I had a female friend like this...you always try to support them...but she was a downer like literally all of the time...even when it came to herself.People like that can just kill your mood for the whole day.
I hope this guy moves up and ends up fighting ward,froch,or some other guy that will pummel him
was talking about the son of the great one. well technically 175 is up from 172 CW. i just want to see him get k.o'd more. I refuse to call him by his fathers name.
lmao. Fool look like he on death row
well Expect a slaughter
Lmaooooo
...he always has...only people on the net act as if ggg is a bigger name
i've been playing halo since it came out.. I liked Halo odst's the best...it just sounds so sad though.
ice cube and pac were brutal with their messages. using metaphors doesn't make your raps any deeper. Pac wasn't much for metaphors but he had some of the deepest music i've heard.
hahahaha
He doesn't need to change trainers. He just doesn't listen to them. they give him solid advice and told him to let his hands go vs porter and he just ignored them.
hagler would replicate what margarito would do except he was much quicker[don't be fooled, hagler had great speed in his prime] Plus he could fight lefty with the best of him...I think hagler would tko sergio and ggg.
I think he has a solid defense. When he wants too..I think he doesn't respect his opponents power so just neglects it. In some fights you can see him bob his head and shoulder roll out to avoid punches.
street fighter III: Third strike
are you serious? LOL
calling hopkins the slickest boxer of all time is a mega stretch. I agree that it's a silly notion that kovalev can't box though.
meet me outside pussy
Lmaoooo
this...they're like my least favorite wild life.
me either...first fight was a wash...shit was like 117-111 for porter lol
I feel as if he's completely overrated
upvoted...tyson is overrated to shit. his style of bobbing and weaving was only meant for the first few rounds. If he couldnt get you out of there early he had a hard time. His head movement would stop, his jab would stop and he became a lot easier to hit. I wish i could send vitali back in time to put a beating on mike tyson. And people think he could beat a prime ali or a larry holmes.
umvc3 isn't canon. Gill,Akuma,Oro,Gouken are by far and away the strongest character in the street fighter universe.
.....I wish I could give you gold
Cotto with roach loases worse. I actually think trying to come out blazing against floyd is a bad strategy now..I say you need to have a high tempo yet controlled pace. Cause while you're coming out hot, floyd is hitting you to the body and taking away your energy. Than come round 5 you're tired and floyd just jumps all over you with right hands. If they fight again I think floyd knocks cotto down with an uppercut
will people quit with this..he wasnt going to knock bradley out. Vargas was overrated as shit anyway.
this is a private company...not NASA who was handed a blank check from the government
I guess Pacquiao,Alvarez,Cotto,Mosley, Chino were the easiest fights he could make at the time? ...
at 154 nobody crushes floyd. get the fuck out of here. I bet you were one of them lame ass dudes saying floyd would never fight Pacquiao. If he beats golovkin whose the boogiean you have to beat floyd after him?
arum ducked floyd. He and the hbo team knew floyd would win. They talk about pacquiao beating floyd but when the fight was official and they were asked who they picked. Most if not all picked floyd to win.
FLoyds prime was 135...he defeats pacquiao 10/10
oh well. he lost. plus floyd looked faster regardless
Nah but he's up there...he can fight on the outside, mid range, and inside and brawl..him &amp; floyd are the most versatile boxers on the planet at the moment IMO. Floyd edges him out though.
LMAO
that's what I dont get either. He attacks the body the head, hell sometimes he gets off balanced and gets knocked down. He's one of the more entertaining fighters. Which shows that he's came a long way..where as lara never ever really targets the body.[As head punching is more encouraged]
"Bill Bellichick has announced that automated drones will take the field against the Miami Dolphins"
Bold Pick: Jets.
are you serious? Rice is better than Marv, sure. But to say Marv is not in Rice's league?
Jerry Jones does a lot of things...underpaying players and treating them like crap isn't one of them.
hahaha
I didn't know the Patriots still would have a bye if Them,the broncos and bengals all went 12-4.
Ah yes..Kirk Cousins the crip killer.
"i think every one should get their own personalized animorphs book cuz i wanna be onion rings" -boothmath Sound like it's run by a 13 year old white girl with ADHD.
haha hell yeah man nothing more funny than watching an alcoholic drug addict destroy himself!
this is why reading is fundamental.
Oh I'm well aware of that. I've been known for years that he's done that shit[definitely don't approve of it] as i've been following spacex since like 09 ish. I just thought he would have done something worse..although abusing workers is really up there. Also I know for their field of work they're sort of underpaid as far as other companies go and government companies that do a similar line of work.
.....
How are we goin to talk about a rocket that's vaporware? They announced the Falcon Heavy about half a decade ago and it's still nowhere to be found. Yet you expect us to believe a rocket using a different set of engines, of an immense size..when the last time a rocket of that size of built it was by the government throwing their money at NASA and even then it sort of took time. I wouldn't count on the BFR just yet.
they changed when NE defenders mugged Peyton Mannings receivers.
we went 12-4 a year ago and more than likely would have had a similar or better record if not for injuries.
yeah,i'd much rather have RG3.
I think his shitty qb performance has to deal with him having such a short recovery time, similar to last year. Even when tony romo has an off game[when he isn't injured] he doesn't play that much like shit.
not to shit on Packers fans but favre is pretty overrated.
i didn't know people rated him that highly. He was solid, which was what we needed. Roger Staubach however..
brady still has a cannon.
Wouldn't surprise me if they said this and played brock for schematic reasons now that I think about it.
As a cowboys fan I have no fucking idea why we let Moore go at all.
true. Although I find his other videos a lot more interesting than his football ones. I.e: His videos about porn, just discussing regular shit. Cause they're funny as fuck. Not that his NFL videos aren't funny, but they're that much funnier IMO
Rise up!
who could forget the kurt angle inspired ankle lock he tried on cam...fuck that guy.
I'm not even a vikings fan but fuck Walsh. I ca understand missing a 40 yard plus fieldgoal in those temperatures but he literally missed a fucking old school extra point basically. No fan base deserves shit like that to happen. I'm sorry but I would want him cut.
What a piece of shit.
Holy fuck man this dude is way worse than Suh. From the ken shamrock ankle locks, to dirty hits, to this.
My guess is he doesn't play.
I'm not going to lie. I was in denial, but you guys have a very good defense. Good front 7 and a good secondary
True enough.
this is the afc.
the saints won 4 full years after Katrina. Katrina happened in Aug 2005, the Saints won the Bowl in Feb 2009, that's four and a half years later. Also even around that time the saints were a potential playoff team.
"Here we are on this lovely day to watch the Carolina Panthers take on the government funded team, give all of your applause to! THe AREA 51 Centennials! "
Because i'm sure like any other president...or leader of any country..he values the lives of his own citizens over the lives of people of other countries. Not to mention a bajllion of different circumstances surrounding the deaths.
hahaha
mad at people for trying to be friendly..yikes
It would be like moving from Detroit Michigan to Flint Michigan.
Are you fucking kidding? The patriots when healthy are easily one of the best teams in the league. They have the most underrated defense left in the playoffs.
No. Drake is a great artist but man they would have hoed him at Death Row.
Patriots outside of an anomaly are a sure thing to get into the playoffs.
How many teams have an o-line as good as us?
No way is the NE line better than ours, even when fully healthy. If Belicheck had to literally punch brady as hard as he could in the mouth without telling him it meant he could get our offensive lineman he'd do it in a heartbeat. Twice if brady questioned him about it.
cause he said he thought he was faking.
you guys went to the superbowl the next year and got blew out. Get over it.
This shit is garbage. Dude look like an african american conehead.
Texans if they made it impossible to support the new team.
i had just got off of work......il take my downvotes :( i was so tired.
Love Lacy but man being that fat and out of shape is fucking tacky.
Could have been the NFCE if not for the sorry ass eagles.
I hope Patriots win so Steven Jackson can get a ring.
they won 3 superbowls in a four year period..that's a dynasty.
In the world you find out it's not about what you deserve. It's what you earn.
Yeah but that's why i'm me and you're you. I want Jackson to get one more than Fitz. That's how I feel.
Please don't draft this big slow fuck.
Calvin Johnson is better than AB easily. Calvin Johnson is 6'5, ran a fucking 4.3. For how great AB is; and he is great. You can't teach someone to be 6'5.
Sanders maybe? But for DT I disagre heavily. He's one of the best YAC receivers in the league; he is immensely difficult to tackle[neutral fan ;cowboys]
I don't get why teams don't do this. Just draft O-line heavy, and Dline heavy and you have yourself a contender. Even the most mediocre qb's will find an open guy given enough time to throw.
its all fun and games until the weird student who digs boogers gets the first plate.
Damn man..it's surreal going to the Rams subreddit and seeing the "Los Angeles Rams"
Chief keef is way more profane than wayne. If most people on here knew what he meant when he says he's smoking tooka or jojo they'd understand. Drill artist take disrespect to and profanity to the next level.
What the fuck is google ultron
he is right, you guys are tied.
People really don't know that Ty Law was partially a reason for the increase of enforcement in contact rules on the defense. We all joke about tom brady owning ty man. But Back when I used to really hate the patriots; everybody would wanna be ty law playing defense. Dude was a beast. If Tom Brady is Peyton Mannings rival than Ty Law is his big brother kicking his sandcastle over.
man.. lmao you know how many times i've heard girls say they don't like black dudes and then i turn around and see them talking to one?
By talking to I mean like going out/hanging out/dating/ not literally just talking.
Wow...simms sound so much better :(
FUCKING THANK YOU!. I watched Moss while he was prime and everytime you got caught on people would say you got "mossed". For some reason most people here act like Moss was scratching his butt and sniffing it whenever a play that didn't go his way was called.
You guys are having a great civil argument but let me chime in. I grew up watching both Edge, and Dillon. Both very good RBS but Dillon was definitely the better back than Edge man; by a decent margin. When Dillon went to the Patriots everybody was like "oh shit" pretty much.
Seriously. You have Joe Montana;Steve Young, and Rich Gannon[for his mvp season] throwing to you; that's insane. To put that In todays perspective. Imagine if a Receiver had a Brady] who was then replaced by a Aaron Rodgers.
If you guys lose to zombie peyton that's sad.
That shouldn't be a 15 yard penalty..wtf lol
I'm sorry but that offensive line WAS that bad. It seemed like every play the line caved in; and ever other play ware or miller basically got a free rush. I've watched a lot of Patriots game and this has to be one of the most i've seen him under pressure. People talk about the Giants in the superbowl but they weren't nearly as bad. Credit to the Denver d; they're fucking amazing.
Seriously. If not for that stupid eagles game you guys more than likely go 13-3 or 14-2 and get HFA throughout.
Aww man I know you guys don't like him but lay off of him. He played okay, he's a hurt injured old man that's about to retire. He played WELL above expectation; give him credit where credit is due.
Downvote incoming I don't care. I think the 03-04 Patriots team would have beat the 2007 Patriots by at least 10. Patriots had a VERY one dimensional offense. The patriots defense those two years were amazing;and they went 14-2 in back to back years. If the 2007 giants terrorized them i think the earlier version of that team would have beat them.
Why do people leave out Steve Young ? I would pick Brady,Montana, Steve Young and I know this is a bit soon; but Aaron Rodgers over him as well.
Not really dude lol Brady isn't that petty.
yep, my mistake. Forgot.
their lack of oline helped a lot
This 2015 Carolina team is way more well rounded than that 2013 broncos team.
Defense: Lawrence Taylor Offense:Tyron Smith.
It's a shallow record because you guys were getting blown the out. It's not like Deion Branch's record in his superbowl MVP performance. Where he did it in a close victory.
Oh shut up! Did you complain last year in the playoffs when Dez and Twill were celebrating after catching touchdown passes? I doubt it you old fart.
Sherman sort of did when he said Peyton Mannings ducks would be ripe for the picking.
Lmao..I usually hate leaving comments that just contain Lol cause it doesn't contribute; but this made me laugh out loud. Good job sir.
He bought a stolen laptop
Not good...we need competition. Without a rival to compete against and to out do..competition can stall.
Top three for me would be Brady,Montana,Steve Young[very underrated]
I never did watch that game. I overslept ; looked at ESPN and just seen we lost 34-3. How/why did we lose the game so bad? Did romo play poorly?
Such a shame..that team was pretty damned good and we went out with a wimper.
Eagles fans in here with a christmas list.
I never really realized how weird this shit looks...it's brilliant. Great video man. Your videos are definitely welcome here!
LMAO y'all seen this shit? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D06zrnWfsMQ
damn dawg
One thing that seperates trap[and makes it better] than drill is the charisma/swag that most trap rappers have...compare Waka and Slim Dunkin to any drill rapper. This is fucking hilarious
What in the fuck? Rances Barthelemy vs Mickey Bey..that's a good fight I didn't know had any idea of happening.
I don't hate any fighter. But if I saw Don King I'd probably tell him to fuck off.
They could be. A lot of them are just lazy. It is what it is.
idk how I feel about this..
DON DEMARCO. All jokes aside R.I.P to Ali. Today has been a bummer
Gucci mane was probably coming up and down off of opiates and talking out his ass.
basically trap except with worse rappers.
Great fighter but overrated. Undersized for a heavyweight at 5'9-5'10. Peekaboo style is basically something you do to fight in spurts. It's not something you can keep up the whole fight. Which is why he gassed easily. Overall he was great but is definitely not a top 10 heavyweight.
I teared up when he said "none..there was only one". Hearing his voice crack while he said that made me tear up like a baby :(
People like this are annoying. ole "hey everybody look at me now" ass nigga
They don't try him because they know they'd get shtited on. Please let's not act like he couldn't destroy people on records. His flow,punch lines, charisma, delivery is what makes him a master battle rap/beef champ
I voted for Bernie Sanders you goofy. Not because I agree with everything he says[not even close] But Hilary ,and Trump..and the republican D league team pretty much made it an easy choice, plus I feel more bernie support would move the inevitable Hilary presidency to the left at least.
even when he was first introduced that trope is still an old one that has been around for a while.
lol Nintendo would always brag about how strong their machines were and talk about graphics.. now that they've been outdone they try to make it like they never cared about graphics in the first place.
We could just make another sub free of porn and sponsor them under that name.
Man.. I love fury but sometimes hearing him talk about how he doesn't care is depressing. I'm sure it's a mixture of both genuine emotion and mind games. I would play people in games, lose, and beat them..and nothing got to me more than them showing that they didn't care.
I honestly feel comebacks shouldn't be posted if the person doesn't end up winning the set. It just seems weird.
Dude, Drake is who he is and as big as he is because he doesn't make controversial..that statement isn't controversial at all. He's not an artist that is going to speak about real problems in the inner city, he's just a guy who raps about love and other stuff, nothing wrong with that..but drake is probably the safest hip hop artist there is to listen to.
Should have clicked the link and seen a non flexible nigga and knew it wasn't young thug.
Speaking of which..his blue 22 freestyle was flames.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPsTv4-fjA4
No offense but if Ffrazier/Foreman/Norton had to fight Ali they get sweeped, EASILY. He was pretty much Roy Jones as a heavyweight.
Wowww that was amazing. I've been fucking with Jamie Foxx since in living color and his Jamie Foxx show...glad he's doing great in the acting world. That was an amazing world he created with words.
It's laugh at because people will listen to a rap song, hear abou the crime, shitty conditions that a lot of black americans, and the violence...not give a fuck. But hear a woman get called a bitch and whine about it when they don't complain about everything I said before hand. It looks like you don't give a fuck about us so therefore hip hop won't give a fuck about how you feel. Not saying it's right or wrong that's just how it is. And Don't act like Asians are some beacon of friendship to black people either.
Dang this is the sixth launch this year. Great to see spacex is really upping the pace.
I just seen it. DOH
I was always sort of off and on for boxing..but what really really got me back into it was..I was watching HBO classics that would show old fights.. and Pernell vs Buddy Mcgirt was on..
Tyson Fury is oddly handsome. Great video too. As someone who really stop paying attention to the inner-workings of the heavyweight division outside of Wlad, this was helpful.
Pigs are amazing animals. Smart, can be trained as pets..but they taste too damned good.
Justice League and most of the people in it are well known producers. Not everybody that says something bad about your favorite rapper is a hater.
Man... Waka Flocka is a mixture of ATL trap and gritty NY shit on the LOX side of the game...I fucks with it hard. Let's get flocka rapping over some gritty beats produced by the Alchemist..he really has a great voice for both sides of rap[Trap and actual bars] And he's a great dude; can't do anything but root for waka. Compare the video to this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ9gzp1AL88 [which still goes hard btw, just note the disparity in lyrical ability] Damn I sound like a nerd. Canibus4lyfe
That's what side chicks are for man.
The damage scaling in this game is so shitty, great match though.
lmao you a hoe for that but thats funny.
All jokes aside not trying to troll. I hardly watch NBA and i'm pretty new to it. Is Curry even the best person on his team?
He's from Ohio, is pretty much seen as a local kid and view it as home.
I don't think anybody calls them "chokers" In NFL one game can go either way easily. In the NBA there's a series in which the better team usually wins. Plus they barely beat the giants in the regular season. This was a way worse choke than that.
Lmao. You dirty dog
Dabbing was always seen as a joke... the hit dem folks[which people call the dab even though it's not] was actually cool.
LMAO it's not funny..well it is but in a fucked up way. This foo wiped her touch off LMAO.
lmaoooooo is the dude a troll character? I busted out laughing when he said "buck buck buck buck" aww man
Dane cook was flat out awful
Yeah with UGK is a bit different..they aren't from Houston..but they definitely claimed h-town in a lot of their shit and are basically seen as h-town legends.
Yeah. I feel you on that.
Charles Woodson.
....Spinks was a career light heavyweight you fucking idiot!
Greg Hardy arrested for beating up a sex robot.
He isn't really showboating. A lot of times opponents will drop their guard to invite an offense from their opponent.
This fight solidifies both as top welterweights for me. Shawn with a great chin and Thurman would smarts and skills[although both display them] When you fight the best and lose, it's not a big deal if you lose. Shawn Porter definitely has a good future ahead of him, as does Keith. Keith should definitely be top 7 p4p after this victory.
Hell no. Charlo brothers, Andrade, J-Rock, Canelo
He loses to both clearly. People judging jermell off one bad performance lol.
Wow....And I thought he looked similar.
the lyrics suck....but the beat is dope...anybody have the instrumental?
Lmaoooo the fucking adlibs.
Not crap at all
Why would you shout him out for that?
Very talented fighter but I don't like how in one fight he taunted an opponent that was down.
It still rubs me the wrong way..these guys are obviously there to get beat up and serve as a proving ground for Davis and to see him disrespect them like that is very off putting. Hopefully they talked to him about it and he stops doing it because he's very great to watch...and he's one of the few fighters today who truly has groundbreaking speed.
haha come on man that shit killed me.
Hell no. Flacco is definitely better than Bledsoe.
This is some creepy shit
He looks like he could be Erislandys laras brother[facial feature similarity not style]
Floyd is older than Pacquaio though..and he relies more on speed[even though idiots wll tell you other wise] as he is a defensive counter puncher and rotates his body in a way that gives the opponent the illusion of being an open target. He reads and reacts to that. Even in their fight it was easily apparent mayweather had better handspeed and use of timing. Had they fought earlier it would have been worse cause Pac haden't really grown into the welterweight division anyway.
Snowpiercer ftw
Euro/American slavery took it a step further IMHO.Went extremely far with the racism, industrialized racism, demonizing minorities[especially blacks] when they were free making laws to disenfranchise them. I hate when people say "err yeah slavery was everywhere, true]. Affects we still see to this day.
Giants fans everywhere rejoice..
you literally chose the worst picture, I know..i googled and went through like fifty-leven photos
Oh my god..... Even the name "Chronic boss"
Exactly. Exposed IMHO is getting your asswhooped extremely badly. I.e: Floyd/Gatti , Lara/Williams , Pac/Algieri, My peen/your mother
Eagles fans..when he takes the field..boo him as hard as you can. I love him, and will miss him, and this might be the last time he plays against you guys[if he doesnt go to denver]
It stepped up in the playoffs, only game where Eli was constantly harassed was the niners game[which I admit his oline got brutalized. ] The iconic image of him calling a timeout with turf stuck in his facemask comes to mind.
Why the hell would you hate the Patriots? Aside from the borderline retarded cheater label we don't play them enough to warrant any hate.
Don't give a fuck if I get downvoted or not. He still looks better than Dak. But yada yada hot hand..it is what it is.
People really are becoming sensitive when it comes to rival trash talk..I understand Philly does take it too far..but a little shit talk isn't a big deal. What are they supposed to say? "Dallas is awesome,eat our cheesesteaks while you're here"
Wait , people watching this was taking this game serious when we had like 7 starters out on defense?
It's not what he done it's how he did it.
Manning didn't really lead his team to a superbowl..they drug him kicking and screaming to a SB.
haha happy for you lions fans..I know the division would be nice..but I bet you guys are watching this game like... "meh"
Aaron Rodgers should get MVP. 40 TDs and only 7 interceptions, basically a similar statline to Matt Ryan with way less talent on the offensive side of the ball.
better than the shit show you rolled out this year.
Man..imagine if Romo goes to denver..and we play them. A rollercoaster of emotions for sure.
Usually guys are back to normal the 2nd year back. He will probably return to form next year.
Raiders more than likely lose, they can't stop a cold lol.
WHAT THEY DROPPED AN ALBUM. TIME TO PEEP.
Wouldn't Tannehille be back by that time?
How is it strictly number when Rodgers had 40 passing td's[I think 4-5 more tds when considering rushing] and has a boatload more rushing yards?
Look who Matt Ryan has to throw to. Jordy Nelson is good, but he's coming back from an ACL tear, with hardly any running game Matt Ryan has Julio Jones, him alone is worth more than your top 3 receivers, not to mention Devonta Freeman/Coleman. Teams have to respect the run for the Falcons...for the packers, not so much.
Haha..that would be awesome.
I remember Steelers fan talking about how good Bell would be behind our online over Zeke. Off grades come out and it turns out their line is graded better than ours. You can't make this shit up lol
How do you guys think you would have did with a healthy plax? Not being funny i'm genuinely curious.
Meh. I don't give a fuck if I get downvoted or not in y'all subreddit. What he does was super stupid, and dumb as fuck. Stop defending this stupid as shit. If Michael Crabtree had cold cocked him and knocked him out of his shoes you'd all be lauding him and want him to be suspended. All he did was make himself look bad and show a bad reflection on his character.
I said had those giants teams ran into the earlier iteration of the Patriots, they would have lost. .
The redskins shit the bed against the giants but that was a team effort in shitting the bed..they need to pay this man.
Chris Brown is so damn sensitive when it comes to Karrueche, it's fucking creepy.
Figured you guys would enjoy this. Cowboys fan but have grown to like the Patriots a whole lot.
No. Floyd is a much better all around fighter.
In basically a garbage season..
Wtf @ the opening line. "hit the booth, spit the truth, get caboose, tie the NOOSE" This niggas writing rraps behind his aryan brotherhood brethren behind bars. R.I.P To your friend though, in all seriousness. Sorry man but this guy won't make it as a rapper.
Forgive me for I have sinned =/
Do they have to submit their votes right at the end of the season?
If this was a cowboy doing this..Mara would want that boat taking in by the avengers and examined by redskrull.
They would still be division champions..they'd be pretty much division champions in every division.
Nice troll post. Only comment in 4 years.
I live in texas you dummy lol, I just like the gold flair. Let's make a bet. I'll upload a pic of my i.d that proves i'm from texas if you put 100 dollars on it.
You think he should have been in over Tyron Smith?
They also mention how Brady has Belichick but ignore that Montana had Walsh, Marino had Shula, Staubach had Landry...
Hard not to root for Kaepernick. I really wanna wait to see where he ends up next year so I can get his jersey.
Can't be conservative in the playoffs... if you fail you fail, fuck it, but at least you tried.
I played sf3 before SF4 even came out.
K
Man I heard a snippet of it a while back with DMX over a swizz beat..shit sounded like flames.
WOW that was a great return..took a big hit and ran for like 30 more yards. That's why it's important to wrap up.
Same
The All-Pro is not voted by the fans..
Detroit lions love shooting themselves in the foot.. it's damn near like they want to lose.
Refs don't cause a guy to go off for 150 yards rushing...
Boldin is fucking retarded man.
Why the fuck does it seem like the lions receivers don't try and reach for the ball wtf
I remember DJ envy sounding coonish on a few interviews too.
How come every fucking time the lions lose they always tr yto blame the fucking refs? They had some shitty reffing but the refs didn't allow the seahawks to rush for 180 yards.
Not to mention the alligator arms.. A lot of catchable balls that weren't caught cause its like the receiver didnt even try to reach for them.
Steelers and the AFC north in general is a very dirty division. They brag about it then get mad when people call them out on their b/s.
What? Did you watch the show? You sound like a dumbass. The wire made him APPEAR Smart towards the end but end up making irrational decisions. He wasn't smarter than Avon,Marlo or Prop Joe. He tried to kill a state senator ffs. Just cause he spoke better doesn't make him more intelligent. He wasn't really that street mark. Why do you think once Avon went to prison everybody started taking advantage of him?
This has been the worst wild card weekend in a long time..the only entertaining game is the Packers/Giants game.
I don't support homophobia either I was making a sort of sly comment poking fun at the whiteness of this sub.
OBJ is better than Cruz ever was...Cruz lost a bit of his speed as well.
Rodgers just needs to start taking off running.
Packers better play two deep safeties man.
I say that because the giants can't really run the ball even against 2 deep safety looks.
Lmao. Story time?
Nice try Mike Mccarthy
"Lions lose 55-0" "Bro the ref always fucks us, DETROIT VS ERRIBODY DAHG"
If i'm the packers I play conservative as shit, try to get a first down or two, and punt.
Yep.
Why would you go for it? I notice a lot of times against good defenses teams could just play conservative and win but they try to get greedy.
WOW what a stupid play by rainey. Could have had the ball at the 45 due to illegal procedure.
We all are.
ehhh texans/raiders wasnt' a blowout..felt like one though
You do realize Eli could win another superbowl another year? It's not like he's retiring this year.
Eli unless he has a complete team with loaded WR talent, defensive talent, he's not going to throw all over you.
It's never to late for Eli. He can come back they just need to get the ball back.
haha I forgot they called themselves.
Ah, the old cauptimism.
"so you're probably wondering how I got in this situation, it all started after I just seen a receiver come open after scanning the field for 11 seconds"
Despite the giants shitting the bed. Eli played pretty well. If I'm Eli I send all of my WR"s a long group text telling them how much they suck. Eli is too classy for that though.
It wasn't that, it's like they werent expecting the ball.
He also could have grabbed the ball if he was unsure with just one foot out of bounds.
We would blow out the Texans
well i'd think so seeing as you had a car crash.
With us, Tony got a lot of shit for it even though we had one week off![as we had a bye]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UWob3MsgnE
It affects mobility. A lot of players don't wear knee or thigh pads
Yes they do. Sustain long drives, make a few key passes and keep Brady off the field.
That beat is insane. What song is that?
Doubt it had to do with him being biracial.
Prolly forgot to switch to his alt.
Most of the rappers posted on here are drug addicts fam. Just check the obvious signs and erratic behavior. I remember when it was seen as junky-ish to talk about doing pills in hip hop, now it's trendy.
YOU HAVE LESEAN MCCOY FAM!!! He's one of my favorite running backs[I know as a cowboys fan this is blasphemy but damn is he fun to watch]
"dude we're at Walmart"
Throwing 5 picks is just ridiculous.
I really hope any LA franchise fails. Will now root against the chargers like I do with the Rams.
oh....so this is the guy with the suicide note. I remember listening to this song a few months ago. One of the most depressing songs ive ever heard.
Did you really? Does anyone know the first instance of manning-face?
LA shouldn't have a team at all tbh.
Meh..I obviously don't agree with Glenn Beck at all on much, but that kid was full of shit. He was being coached, and on the phone he kept referring to a clock he basically gutted as his "invention".
I feel like i'm the only one who never found that funny. A guy being "drunk" and acting stupid has never been funny to me tbh.
Makes a lot of sense.
It's not common,but it happens.
I always think he's overrated. Never rushed for 1000 yards.
Go to the side [far right]under user name and click "edit flair" and search for packers.
giants and redskins fans are very mild compared to eagles. Put it like this. If you wore a cowboys jersey to an eagles game, how safe would you feel?
I said it's not often but it happens..i'm sure other guys in this thread[or females] know dudes in similar situations.
They went 3-1...and they also got a free win on what should have been a neasy field goal for an NFL kicker..
Lol funny you say that...if a lot of those other AFCE teams played in the NFC west they'd easily walk away with the division. The NFC west was shit for a long time.
Southern hip hop now-a-days is basically just Atlanta for the most part.
Where did this mythic come from that Gruden was some great coach? lol
So did Barry Switzer
Trappin'
GUWOP!
he never truly had possession.
He never really had established possession.
If i'm the falcons I run a touchdown play for that bullshit. The game is over, stop trying to fucking crash the line
Same shit I just said fam.
Thug can hang with the cheerleaders.
We'll see more James white next week.
YESS , GET HIM OUTTA THERE JACK PLZ
PLEASE K.O HIM!
Most black/latino artist are about to get Trump the cold shoulder.
Only artist that could get away with it are prolly Drake and Kanye. Cause they both have tremendous.."main stream" appeal.
Real shit... a lot of black people have it bad just sucking it up when it comes to Obama, dude is full of shit just like every other politician.
No need with a snarky remark. I'm just pointing out that it's good that Lupe called out Obama. A lot of us[black people] have that bad..calling out other politicians but giving Obama a pass. How is that disllusionment?
The patriots would basically win the division every year in ANY division you put them in.
Most politicians on that level are full of shit. Yeah he was better in a lot of areas, doesn't mean he's free from criticism
What happened to your brother?
WOw..sorry to hear that man =/
Haha @ us playing "I got five on it"
How is that fucking cheating?
Why the fuck is Sean Lee in coverage against a wide receiver?
We can limit his time on the field by letting him score fast /s
Please fucking run it on 3rd and 1
I didn't even know that was a 15 yard penalty..and I watch football heavily..lol wtf
We need to target Bryant more ffs.
Finally..we get a break.
Why are we playing off coverage with our corners when the packers are without Jordy?
It's about to be 21- to fucking 3. our coaches fucking shit the bed.
This season is a complete fucking failure.
yeah...because stafford is half as good as Rodgers.
Zeke..we're down 18..and youre doing the feed me motion..bruh
Dak has been playing well... it's our defense...
Bahktiari being out is huge
Doug free you fucking retard
Dak just got bailed out by brick handed CB
Game over. 1 yard to go and you throw it instead of run it.
Lmao
Jason Garrett of old rears his ugly head again. There was a few third and shorts or short yard situations where they opt to pass instead of run.
Oh hush.. lol our o-line gets the same criticism theirs doo.
I think Dak made that decision..
It's a shame what was a great year has been ruined. We couldn't win1 fucking playoff game.
Was a clear penalty, and i'm a cowboys fan.
That was a head scratcher. I honestly think if we would have ran a play we would have won.
The worst part of it all is.... BYRON JONES was in perfect position to stop the Jared Cook 30 yard throw on 3rd down and he just stops.
that's what i'm thinking..we're like on their 40 with a time out and about 45 seconds left and we spike the ball?
I'll root for the Patriots and falcons..would love for Matt Ryan /Julio Jones to get aring.
I appreciate that..but I disagree. The NFC is extremely hard to compete in. Wouldn't be surprised if we finished third in our division next year. Eagles will only get better, giants, and redskins will only get better. Plus I believe we play the AFC-West next year.
anybody have a gif of that gorgeous cowboys fan?
wow man...just wow.
A good offense can nullify having a bad defense by sustaining long drives..
Dez is still very good..we basically under-use him. I remember back in the day if it was 1 person on him no matter who it was dez was getting the ball no matter who was on him. We would literally just throw the ball up and he would go up and get it. They've basically bee under utilizing dez for the past two years.
Holy fuck he look like he's on the brink of death wtf.
Man..I remember at work I was messing with something and snapchatting it..and my boss just walked by me and gave me the stare of death. I imagine that what it was like amplified by a million.
Yep.... ben 10 and that generator rex show was pretty damned good.
That makes the song 10000 times better for me.
Huhhh?!?!
In what sense is he not? I don't like his music at all but I respect a lot of his social and political views. He definitely is intelligent.
ATT has no home field advantage at all.
Or Roger staubach...
Who gives a damn about views? I feel like everybody on this sub just gives a damn about viewership..this sub front page basically looks like a Jerry Jones echo chamber. We went fucking 13-3 and choked and went 1 and done.
Man we been knew this nigga was gay lol
I wish our team was smart enough to cheat if that's the case.
I remember that comment too, but I sort of had a feeling he was bi at the least. My original comment wasn't trying to be snarky. I just thought it was painfully obvious.
LMAO
I love the cowboys you dingus but forcing a veteran guy to sit on your team knowing he wants to play, business aside, is a dick move. If he was a rookie or etc I could understand.
I'd say patriots are an all around good defense, Steelers are a good defense lacking in secondary, they're number 2 for me.Packers are number 3 because they have a solid front 7 and a solid safety duo[honestly if they were healthy they'd be number 1, people forget how good their starting corners are and very physical] and falcons are just......the vic beasley show.. Which is good against the other qb's cause they like to drop back a lot. Falcons are clearly the worst though.
Because Hilary was a shit candidate herself.
Thank you. This isn't just a reoccuring theme with our players now, they do this with people in the past. The thinking is none of the triplets were good , if so they will deflect it to someone else? "Man Irvin sure was good" "He's only good cause of Aikman" "Nah man aikman is only good because of Smith" "Smith isnly good cause of the offensive line despite them winning 1 game with basically the same offensive line"
I love Dak but i'd have to say Carr. IMHO he's easily the best of the new age of quarterbacks.
The rookies aren't the reason we lost..matter-of-fact..they're the only reason we were in the game. The defense might as well have been on a boat with the NY Giants receivers. That loss is flat out embarrassing.
Dilla was amazing..I honestly can say he's my single most favorite person in hip hop.
The guy below me just posted the air yards per attempt which Prescott is second in.. What's your excuse now?
That 49ers team had a defense a billion times better.
Their defense was awful in our game , our defense just happened to start off horribly.
No they didn't, we just got shit on.
I see a lot of you guys blaming Capers. The scheme is good, it's just a lack of talent on the CB and secondary positions. As a cowboys fan who witnessed some horrible defenses. Sometimes the players just aren't good enough.
I know if I'm a Packers player i'd be fucking livid at that. He literally jumped up and congratulated the other team as if he forgot which jersey he had on.
Julio Jones is bettr than Antonio Brown... Julio Jones is 6'4 with 4.3 speed. Antonio is brown is a lot of things, but he'll never be a big body receiver.
Because we aren't as good as we thought we are? You don't think the Falcons would have wrecked our shit too?
I feel bad for Nantz...he's one of my favorite commentators.
he still beat us..you idiot
What a huge swing in momentum.
He smoked crack out of an old light bulb and thought he had a bright idea I guess..
People are pathetic when it comes to Patriot hate..i've never been one to hate a team or sports personality simply because they're "good".
Yep...sure are a lot of white guys on that defense of his...
Rodgers
Well, they're pretty good and fun to watch. Plus I love Brady and Bill. I could understand not rooting for them but going out of your way to root for a team simply because they beat you seems whack. I could understand if they were a dirty team and took cheap shots all the time or something.
Lmao how the fuck do you spoil a movie based on historical data that is pretty much based on common knowledge? That'd be like someone spoiling a 9/11 movie. "P.s: the planes crash into the towers" "WHAT THE FUCK BRO "
Instead of bad aim like original stormtroopers you just continuously shoot yourself in the foot.
"Rodgers throws a deep pass that's intercepted" "Wow, that's just essentially just a punt, what a beautiful punt that was" - Joe Buck, probably.
Ive seen you guys trash talk your divisional opponents something heavy..please don't try to act like your fan base is innocent.
Why the fuck would he? This is a stupid ass question. 2 superbowl beats 1 everytime.
Their dynasty is way more impressive than ours. Shortly after the salary cap was implemented we fell off a fucking cliff.
I like the Patriots. I don't hate teams/peoples/ or sports personalities just for winning. I respect them a lot and pretty much root for them if they're playing anybody but us.
Trade away a good young QB who is more than good enough to win a superbowl for an aging expensive veteran. I love Romo but you have to be out of your mind.
If the Patriots were in any division they'd win it. If they were in our division they'd definitely win it every year.
This is stupid. If a team with a better record is better than the division winner than they should beat them no problem[a lot of the times they don't]
So you'd want him to stay as a back up? Despite him wanting to play and clearly he would be unhappy. We have some ridiculous fans.
There seems to be one throw brady does every few games where he just throws it up to a receiver in a full "rex grossman " mode.
You really think the greatest coach in football would overlook one part of a team? Are you serious?
That's a nice way of him saying they shit the bed.
And he still almost drove down the field and tied the game up.
I'm a Cowboys fan but I respect you guys a lot and don't have anything against you. I think Big Ben is just totally in shock and awe of the "diva" personalities of skill positions.
What happened to Schaub?
Word.
Well it's true.
Not at all. Rooting against a team specifically just because they're good is lame.
Lmao I agree but Bradshaw?
This was my first thought as well.
He's only swept the division once.
Yep Yep..
And Manning got blew out 48-3 with the greatest offense of all time.
Are these supposed to look awful on purpose?
Wouldn't be surprised to see Ronald Leary go with him.
Point still stands..
I wasn't being too serious with cursing him out but he did get on his case. Didn't Reggie Wayne come out recently and say it wasn't his fault? ][Welp, it appears he did say that.](http://www.nfl.com/news/story/0ap3000000627385/article/reggie-wayne-says-porters-picksix-wasnt-his-fault)
Lmaooo man that play was so fucking bad I couldn't help but laugh
I think in reference for stats the Pro-Bowl should only show who was originally intended to go.
Man I love to find a silver lining but he had time to throw plenty of times and would just throw shitty passes.
It's all fun and games until you stab the capri sun wrong with the straw and fuck up the hole.
[We sure do] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoKwX5fLJ5E)
Smh pats fans..always try to scurr the law of the land /s
Forrest Gump was the smartest athlete they've had in years.
See. Without your comment I never would have knew that. Wow. That makes it way less cringe for me now.
This dude potentially ruined a defense of the decade in one year..seriously. That 2014 bills game they had against Aaron Rodgers was phenomenal.
Nobody wants to go to jail in Mexico.
[FWAAAAAAAAAIOOOOOOOO.......kuh!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5r08XTkNfv0)
Who would have thought? #groundbreaking
That game should be scrubbed from your memory banks. Every time someone mentions that game, Will Smith should hit you with the men in black memory swipe tool so you forget. That game was truly awful. It's rare that I remember an NFL game for how bad it is.
I had no idea Tsyzu had a song. His son looks prety good too!
I don' see how people have spence more skilled than Thurman.
Oscar gave Canelo the blueprint. War Canelo!
I don't think he's fighting bums...I do think he's hiding out at the 140 division to avoiid welterweight. He's acting like he's some small guy, Crawford on fight night is in his 150's. He could easily make 147 and be comfortable but he wants to fight subpar 140 competition[Postol wasn't subpar, neither was felix...but everybody else..come on man]
You don't remember Oscar saying he gave Floyds opponents the "Blue print" to beat him, and they all went on to lose. My comment was sarcasm fam lol
Seen his breakfast club interview and it made me a fan.
Pacquiao has always been a one handed fighter, Pacquiaos right hand is a complete non factor in most cases. It isn't like Pacquiao is like Floyd where he has elite utilization of both hands. Floyd has fought whole fights with fucked up shoulders and broken hands and still won. I'd be anything if the shoe was on the other foot you'd cry for Floyd fans to stop making excuses.
I'm starting to doubt your commitment to Sparkle Motion.
Floyd while he does love money he isn't like that. His pride/ego would never let him lose willingly
I agree. In a p4p match up I wouldn't pick against Roy vs ANY boxer. There are tons greater than him though
well get fightcade and we can play third strike there.
Probably beat the ones he knocked out with a hammer.
This bitch ass dude faked that shit.
The other guy swung at the same time after the bell just like Rigondeaux, rigo just happend to land.
Fuck Flores. This dumb ass tried to bitch out and win by DQ and got the opposite. Suck a dick flores, I hope to never see your dragonball z ass again.
How the fuck did he get a gift?? Flores was going to get his ass beat anyway. This bitch tried to get Rigo DQ'd cause he knew he had no chance.
Flores would have more than likely tried to find another out if it wasn't for that. Dude got caught a few times and gave up, what kind of champion is that?
lmao that idiot wasn't knocked out, dude was faking it, are you serious.
I agree. What ind of world champion gets countered a few times and wants to quit? Like wtf. Fores basically has shown he has no heart.
When has Lampley ever went out of his way to talk to the commissioner about a decision?
Flores threw a punch too, his just missed, so why isn't he getting any blame?
Both fighters have won 1 round IMHO.
Ward throws literally like 2 right hands a right, like wtf?
Is it me or does Kovalev look tired already?
Wtf..kovalev is already gassed. That dude has glass stamina wtf
How the hell did Kovalev win the 6th round and Ward the fifth round? I have it even but I really don't get it.
I think Kovalev was done but I also do think the punches were low. Not like ACTUAL dick punch low, but like above hip low.
I agree. Kovalev looked even worse than he did in the first fight like wtf. He was still picking up rounds but he looked even more tired than he did in the first fight.
I meant in the last round he was dominating. Also, It seemed like Kovalev had no fight in him, he looked tired and gassed after the fourth round. His punches didn't have nearly as much steam on them after so long in the fight, when he got hurt he wasn't really responding either. Also when the fight was stopped he didn't even look all that mad.
Let me guess..you think ward would be scared to face him a third time..
Serious question. Is Vince Staples "attitude" a persona? He seems to be a very unlikable person other wise. Not going to hate on his music or anything, just from an unbiased standpoint he doesn't seem like a likable guy at all.[Trust me, I know he doesn't care lmao]
Chavez has a DQ loss on his record that was changed. It was covered in boxing publications and all that..nice try though.
GGG fights very different than how he used to fight. If I remember correctly Abel has changed his style quite a bit,he used to be more of a traditional olympic boxer.
One of the most overrated boxers of all time.
Haha was about to post this and found out it's alread been posted. This is hilarious and heart warming.
As a man I can admit when I'm wrong. I didn't know that Leonard was taking fights behind closed doors, so you're probably right then. I know Hagler had declined way more for Leonard than for Duran which was prime or close to it, I just figured a three year long lay off would have basically nullified that since in ring experience vs a rusty ww would make it a more uphill battle.
Ummm nobody deserves p4p more than Ward. NO-BO-DY. I don't care if either fighter puts on a 10 round clinic and knocks the other out in the 11th. p4p ward would defeat GGG and destroy Canelo.
"Wow rigondeaux tough luck, you drew anthony joshua today.."
Haha no problem!
Floyd would win a lopsided UD. Floyd unlike other fights can not be drawn into a brawl and won't get aggressive even if there is a ton of vitriol. He uses his feet work and coast to a UD. Duran hated fighting boxers who would move.
Okay now I don't feel as bad.
To be fair Floyd deserved fighter of the decade. Corrales, Castillo, Zab, Baldomir, Gatti, Oscar at 154. They gave the award to Pac because at the time most media outlets wanted to spite Floyd.
Hell no, super dislike Andrew.
