Well, technically speaking, we always knew other Gems EXISTED. But we didn't actually find another one until Lapis, which takes place after So Many Birthdays. Following that, we don't see any other non-CGs until Peridot at the end of Warp Tour.
I thought it was more long the lines of a group of people discovered the comet and used it to create the Mushroom Bomb, essentially turning the Lich into the payload.
Personally, I still think the best Steven face is [this very strangely-animated one from Marble Madness.](http://i.imgur.com/ohsy8xd.jpg)
[The fluid the Flask Robonoids spray onto the warp pad](http://i.imgur.com/KBSN835.jpg) appears to be a thick, blue-white substance with little flakes of SOMETHING inside - perhaps tiny gem shards to bind to the warp. Honestly, I think it looks a bit like toothpaste. Additionally, it sticks to Peridot's foot like gum when she crushes the broken Robonoid. In Marble Madness, the [Plug Robonoids are filled with a similar substance,](http://i.imgur.com/vCMAYuE.jpg) ~~though it lacks the flakes of the Plug Robonoid fluid.~~ Edit: a later segment of Marble Madness has them destroy another Plug Robonoid, [and it DOES in fact have the gem flakes in its fluid.](http://i.imgur.com/maMtrms.jpg) [The fluid in Joy Ride](http://i.imgur.com/MoW2xz0.jpg) has a more water-like consistency and it's clearer, but it does share the small flakes that can be found in the Robonoid fluid.
Underneath his robe, the Ice King is one of the thinnest characters in the show - you can see the outline of his bones under his skin, and he has little to no muscle. I don't think he's dying, I think he's just blissfully unaware that he isn't actually fat.
&gt;she knows [SHE IS!](http://i.imgur.com/PhomH6w.jpg) [](#su-sneeple)
He's being sarcastic. It's not positivity, it's just pretending to be while iced with bitter resentment.
&gt;The people who made this aren't the fucking people who do all that other stuff people want. It shouldn't be hard to understand that the artists aren't the ones doing the code, and that the balance designers aren't the ones drawing these portraits. We know that. **They all still operate on the same budget, and it's up to the lead designers to decide what does and does not get priority.** Even if two features are unrelated like hero skins and balance changes, priorities exist that involve both. We're not saying the artists should get down and do some coding; we're saying fucking manage the game properly and fix what needs to be fixed before adding in bullshit like $10 hero skins. If the $10 skin is so easy to implement, it shouldn't cost $10. If it isn't, why are you pushing it over refining the game's systems? If my game's ladder system is horrendous and instead of saying "I'll fix it" I say nothing and release cosmetics, people have every right to get pissed with me.
PRINCESS! I dunno what a dillweed is.
He's not a god, he didn't will these things to happen. Remember Jake's croak dream? Remember how *Finn wasn't in it?* Well it came true, and not because Finn willed it to. Because Finn wasn't in the dream, which means he had no influence over the event it represented. Finn has power (A LOT of power), but he's not a god. He just has trouble accepting the randomness and coincidence of the universe. If Finn were this semi-omnipotent being, then all life on Earth would have been wiped out long ago. Why? Because then that'd mean the Lich (another Comet being) was also a semi-omnipotent being, and he would have simply willed all life out of existence. Billy would not have been able to beat the Lich, which happened before Finn was even born. And we know Billy isn't one of Finn's past lives because the two were alive at the same time.
&gt;the comet basically said Finn was its creator. No, Finn said, "Probably not." and the comet said, "Probably not, but who knows?" That tells you nothing.
You turned her into Umbra!?
* Animated Hero Portrait. It's gold by default so you're not even buying a static + animated, just the animated. * 27 voice lines (12 of which won't be heard regularly because they're error lines) * New Hero Power Animation * Card Back That's all you're getting for $10. And most people probably won't even use the card back because there is no easy way to switch card backs on a game-to-game basis like a randomize option. Remove the card back and that's like a $3-5 value AT MOST, at least to me. I'd happily pay $20 for all 9 alt heroes and no card backs, not $10 for ONE.
All it takes is a fucking scroll bar to add new deck slots. It's not complicated.
**So Many Birthdays** Amethyst, you're disgusting. Although this does show an interesting point about Gem biology: they don't need to eat, but if they do, they can get sick from rotten food. They can't die from it, of course, but the mere fact that they can get food poisoning is interesting. Their bodies are vulnerable to bacteria. Also, this episode contains the best exchange in the entire series up to this point: [](#su-stevenjoke): Why did Pearl throw butter out the window? [](#su-amethyst): You did what...? [](#su-stevenjoke): To see a butterfly! [](#su-pearlupset): I never did that! Steven... are you telling lies? I'd talk about Steven's aging powers, but people have already talked that subject to death ever since this episode premiered. All in all it's an interesting episode with good moments, but not my favorite. --- **Lars and the Cool Kids** Pearl once again demonstrates a woeful misunderstanding of humans. You'd think that after Greg climbed their giant fence (complete with KEEP OUT sign) in search of Rose, she's learn that something as simple as police tape won't keep inquisitive humans out. I remember when I first saw this episode, I was expecting all three of the Cool Kids to be complete dicks. Imagine my surprise when they didn't conform to stereotype and turned out to be genuinely nice people, if a bit irresponsible. As for Lars... just shut up Lars. I understand where you're coming from but seriously, stop trying, just shut up and be yourself. Take five, lean back, breathe, experience the world, and move on. Also, rewatching this episode made me realize how big of a theme home is in the series. Even something as simple as the moss has a home that it wants to return to. Some characters have abandoned their home, some wanted to return and found it wasn't how they left it, some work in service of their home, some never had a real home, and so on. --- **Onion Trade** *Estuans interius* *Ira vehementi* *Estuans interius* *Ira vehementi* ***ONION!*** ***ONION!*** That is all. --- **Steven the Sword Fighter** [Cutest Steven face ever?](http://i.imgur.com/n79In8V.jpg) I love how much Pearl hams it up when she begins fighting herself. Also, note to self: eating magical clouds grants the power of flight. Though I honestly wish Amethyst had kept the cloud; it would have been awesome to have [what is effectively a Flying Nimbus](http://i.imgur.com/z2BgX0G.jpg) around. Given how much Pearl can do with her gem from storage to holographic projection, I have to wonder if other Gems can do similar things or if this ability is unique to Gems like Pearl. I think it's safe to assume that most Gems have a pocket dimension like Pearl's and Lion's, but beyond that, we don't know. --- Overall, compared to previous rewatch weeks, we learn a lot. In terms of side characters we learn about Lars, Onion, Sour Cream, Buck, and Jenny. In terms of the main characters, we learn a bit more about Steven's powers, as well as the (lack of) aging of Gems and their regenerative abilities. We also learn a bit about Pearl's skill set, Rose's compassion, and have our first real glimpse into how Steven feels about his mother. However, it never feels too heavy or overbearing, and flows naturally to make it feel like very light worldbuilding.
Basically people are saying Finn's a cosmic deity because they misunderstood the episode. Finn asserting "I did that" isn't him stating that he's a cosmic deity - it's him refusing to accept that existence is a random series of events that can be predicted and influenced but not willed. When Jake mentions his "croak dream" (which wasn't really a croak dream but rather a representation of what would happen) he explicitly points out that *Finn wasn't in it.* Jake goes out of his way to mention, "it must be destined to happen again, when you're not around." Finn had no influence on Banana Man rescuing Jake. Him claiming that he did it is a 16-year-old thinking he has more influence in the universe than he actually does. Finn does have power, but he's not a god.
But Greg and Connie do it too... ...OH MY GOD [](#su-sneeple)
To be fair, Stevonnie's clothes change with whatever Connie's wearing, and she changes outfits daily. It suddenly occurs to me that Connie is one of the few characters on this show that actually had a dynamic outfit.
Alternatively you could have Pearl and Amethyst singing [The Internet is for Porn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-glb-_heEg)
This raises a thought: could they fuse and Connie would live forever alongside Steven?
Connie's mom and dad *are* about as tall as Greg, but I don't think Connie can compete with the genetics of an eight-foot tall polymorphic space rock alien.
Can someone draw Steven Tag versions of Lapis, Jasper, and Peridot? [For those who don't know what I mean.](http://i.imgur.com/0niMzuQ.png)
Amethyst and Garnet also act like she can in Keep Beach City Weird!, where they explain Steven Tag to Pearl. [](#su-stamethyst): "Steven tagged you, now you have to turn into Steven!" [](#su-stgarnet): "It's the rules."
To those of you viewing with RES: it doesn't show all of the images, so click the link. Also: damnit Amethyst!
Just sayin', when new flairs are added one exclusive flair should be added to this bot. Something like [this](http://i.imgur.com/RWfMnxf.jpg) or [this](http://i.imgur.com/JR5CZPx.jpg).
No because we must be pedantic and TRIGGERED. They're too wrapped up in their own persecution complexes to see past the basic logic that "genderswapped" is easier to say than "masculine drawing of characters who are genderless but typically portrayed as feminine." The mere fact that people understand that a genderswapped Pearl is a masculine Pearl is evidence that they're just purposely being difficult because THEY RECOGNIZE THAT IT'S SHORTHAND. Nobody flips every time a Gem uses "her" or "she" to refer to another Gem despite them being genderless aliens. This is just morons looking for moronic things to be morons about. If the use of the term "genderswap" for this actually offends anyone, then they need to just stop. If you're offended, there's an X in the top right corner of your browser. Click it. Done. Grow up, be an adult, deal with it, nobody gives a shit that you're offended, and being offended doesn't give you any rights. Stop being fucks, people.
I've tried running it in every mode. None of them launch. I'm hoping that the patch today manages to fix this issue.
I have.
Does that clip not have audio or is it a problem specifically with me?
I hope that a redesign makes her hair actual hair instead of a block of hard light.
This is actually rather likely because one episode concerns Greg telling the story of how he learned about fusion. The name "TheOneSUChick" indicates a female voice, so I wouldn't be surprised if it was a Rose/X or Garnet/Pearl fusion. Alternatively, it could be related to the "dark secret" they find in Kindergarten. I'm doubtful that it's Bismuth, though.
Rets got one change: a slight nerf to Mastery. Funny thing is we're already among the weakest dps of 6.2 WITHOUT that nerf.
Keeping It Together being the episode in which the CGs discover a "dark secret" in the Kindergarten. Which means you're *probably* a new Gem. Y'know what? No more speculating. [I'm ready. Let next week come.](http://i.imgur.com/aB2SCR7.gif)
&gt;cast Given that it's the same hand she's holding the sword in, it's probably just a protective bandage for her hand so the hilt doesn't damage her hand after a training session.
&gt;Why should the most complicated spec not be the highest dps? Because then everyone plays one spec and the fact that it's not a hybrid ceases to matter. It's much better to have Destro, Demo, and Aflliction all be within a few thousand DPS of one another as a tradeoff for some specs having certain mechanics over one another. You do **not** want the most complicated spec to flat out be 10% higher damage than any other spec as a pure damage. If that happens, then the other two specs might as well not even exist unless you're okay with playing a subpar spec because you enjoy it. But if that's your mindset then you're probably not a good raider because it means you're intentionally gimping everyone else to have a bit more fun on progression. It also pushes people away from the class because if they dislike the most complex playstyle, they'd rather hop to a new class than play a subpar spec. Plus, you have to compare hybrids vs. pures. All hybrids except Warriors and DKs have at most ONE melee and ONE ranged dps spec. You want them to be competitive with the pures so people will bring a Ret Pally AND a Rogue instead of two Rogues. But if complexity = damage potential, then the hybrids are artificially gimped because they naturally have fewer options for complexity because they have fewer DPS options period. You get hybrids being pigeonholed into poorly-designed talents like Empowered Seals to remain viable. Complexity directly correlating to damage potential is not healthy for the state of the game.
Well allegedly there's a user claiming to be the voice of a new character introduced in Keeping It Together and that she's contacted the mods to get an appropriate flair following the premier of Chille Tid. Do we know if she's actually telling the truth? No idea. Mods haven't said anything. But if it is the truth then we'll have at least one new character by the end of StevenBomb, and not only that, but a character associated with the "dark secret" of the Kindergarten.
It happened about day or two ago. The original thread can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/39nzat/where_would_someone_go_about_getting_a_verified/), and her deleted thread can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/39oecy/well_i_was_gonna_hold_off_a_little_bit_on_this_but/). Personally, I don't believe it either, but it's entirely possible that at the time of posting the second thread the mods hadn't replied, so they nuked it. If she was a fake, wouldn't they have also removed the original thread asking about a Crewniverse flair?
[IT'S ALMOST HERE!](http://gfycat.com/BreakableUnfortunateBittern)
True but that Stevenbomb also included a season finale and premier, IE big episodes worthy of a song. It's not out of the question but it's highly unlikely. Greg's episode is already getting a song and he's the most musically-inclined character.
I think the main driving force behind the furor is the fact that it's bubbled, which we know is a technique to prevent Gems from regenerating. I'm still firmly in the camp hoping it's either NOT Bismuth or it is Bismuth but NOT a Gem. Bismuth isn't a precious stone, it's a periodic metal. [Now if it IS Bismuth and Bismuth is an artificial Gem known as a Metal...](http://gfycat.com/BreakableUnfortunateBittern) I'll be really disappointed if Bismuth is just another Gem. They have so much potential in that little bubble.
Perhaps it'd be better if tamed dinos couldn't die from hunger, but rather got SEVERE penalties until you fed them. Like perhaps they couldn't be ridden and were reduced to 0 stamina until you fed them. That way, you'd still have to feed them upon logging on so they'd actually be useful, but you wouldn't need to log on every day or risk losing all of your dinos.
[Bismuth is part of Devo confirmed.](http://strait-jackets.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/devo.jpg)
We seem to have lost contact with our affiliate stations. Stand by. We do have... we do have coming in, confirmed reports of StevenBomb detonation. [My god... our soldiers were right.](http://i.imgur.com/pbxly8M.png)
I bet 500 Quadrillion Zimbabwe Dollars on Peridot getting beat up, but NOT by the Crystal Gems. ^^^^^That's ^^^^^about ^^^^^$14.29 ^^^^^USD
That wasn't Jasper. Jasper never met Rose during the war. Hence why in The Return she says "I had hoped to meet her."
Amethyst realized it immediately (rather she just assumed from minute one). Garnet realized it when they formed Stevonnie. Pearl took this long to realize it. Damn Pearl you slow.
We didn't make them, someone else did.
I think he's just posing since the Cool Kids are right there.
The question though is what happens to his mind when he regenerates? He'd better be able to meet Rose while regenerating, if only the fleeting fragments of her consciousness that remain inside the gem. I'm not really concerned about Steven's bodily regeneration capabilities; either the show will never address it or it will and he can regenerate. But if he DOES regenerate, we're certainly not going to see an episode of Garnet, Amethyst, Pearl, Greg, and Connie freaking out and waiting to see what happens. We're going to see what happens from Steven's perspective.
Well I'm not saying explicitly Rose would appear in his mind/gem dimension while he's regenerating, just simply that I hope that's how he meets Rose if he ever meets her. What I am saying is either Steven's regenerative capabilities are never addressed, or he does regenerate at some point. Because if there's ever a situation where Steven has to regenerate, he will, because you can't kill Steven. This isn't Game of Thrones. If there's ever a point where he does regenerate, I believe we'll see it from Steven's perspective inside his gem. Not only does that fit the show better in terms of how 99% of the show is from Steven's perspective, but it also makes sense because it would be a VERY strange episode if Steven gets poofed a minute in and the following 9 minutes are of Steven's family and friends dreading the fact that he may never regenerate.
I feel like, knowing Peridot is out there, the Crystal Gems would have been routinely checking the Kindergarten in a similar manner to Garnet looking for Malachite. Plus Peridot seems a bit more pragmatic than that; she'd likely contact Homeworld and make sure she can get away with it before attempting to reactivate Kindergarten. The Gems would find out and she'd be dead without back-up. Best not to anger the Earth's guardians any further while you're out of advanced tech and are HIGHLY vulnerable. Furthermore, while Kindergarten being reactivated isn't **good** by any means (for Earth, at least), it's not really a "dark secret." Now a dark secret would be something like, "The Kindergarten doesn't actually create Gems, but rather it stabilizes them. New Gems have been being born for millenia, but as the Kindergarten is inactive, they've all become instantly corrupted. If they reactivate the Kindergarten, the planet will be consumed of resources. If they don't, it will be overrun by corrupted Gem monsters." My personal theory is it's certainly something to do with how the Kindergarten functions. Either it doesn't do what we think it does, it does what we think it does but in a far more sinister way, or it's powered at the core by a Gem who has been alive and trapped for thousands of years. Imagine if, rather than create new Gems, it took old Gems and "killed" them, effectively splitting them into shards that were formed into new Gems. So one old Gem became ten new Gems, but at a great cost. That'd be pretty sinister.
Well we don't actually know how much of Rose is 'left' within Steven, exactly. Everything a Gem *is* is contained in their gem, and Steven has Rose's. We also know Gems are still fully conscious whilst inside their gem. She gave up her life to become part of him, but Steven has never explored his gem much beyond summoning his bubble and shield, both of which are still very much Rose's. We simply don't know how much of Rose still resides within that gem and how much disappeared when she made Steven. One possibility is that she's fully alive and essentially became a part of Steven's soul, intrinsically linked with Steven so that she can see glimpses of what he sees, but she can't hear his thoughts. He's his own person, but he's the mirror or temple or whatever and Rose is the Gem powering it. That's basically Pearl's pet theory. ("Sometimes, I wonder if she can see me through your eyes.") Another possibility is she gave herself up completely and all that remains are a few remnants she purposely left in the event Steven ever explored inside his gem.
Fuck that, all my shit's gone!
Peridot can do SO MUCH. She turned her fingers into a helicopter. She shocked through the whip, raising the question why she didn't do that to Amethyst before. She ran straight up a wall! It seems like Peridot's natural abilities don't lie in speed, strength, or dexterity, but rather in intelligently using her unusual traits to gain an advantage over her opponents. Also, she smiled! SHE SMILED! It was alongside maniacal laughter, but she smiled. It was actually hilarious seeing Peridot overjoyed that something had actually gone WELL for once. Another interesting note is she doesn't seem to be afraid of Steven. I'd wager it's largely in part because he's the only one who has never attacked her. It's scenes like that which prove there's more to Peridot than her supposed villainy; Steven told her the truth, and she honestly seemed prepared to carry on a casual conversation before Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl showed up. Her experiments are surely twisted, but I'm sure there's another side to this. There always is; she said **DE-FUSION** experiments, after all. Not fusion, but de-fusion.
The thing is, I still don't get the feeling that she's THAT bad. Yes, her mission is unethical to us. However, before the Crystal Gems arrived, she wasn't making any hostile moves toward Steven. I still insist that Peridot is a [Punch Clock Villain.](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/PunchClockVillain) Furthermore, we still don't know *what she was doing.* Hell, she said "de-fusion" experiments; for all we know, the Gem shards could have been forced together by someone else and she's been trying to get them apart. I get the feeling that her maniacal laughter was a result of her *finally* managing to get something done after potentially months of trying.
The fact that she's cut off means we don't know what she meant to reactivate. She could reactivate the Kindergarten, yes, but she could have also been meaning to reactivate something IN the Kindergarten rather than the Kindergarten itself. Remember when she speaks to Jasper, she says, "the whole point of coming here was to check on the Cluster!"
The top right one looks like Jasper's nose but in a green color...
Oh god now everyone's going to call Peridot a Nazi. [The Gem Cluster pillars were already present before she accessed the Kindergarten remotely.](http://i.imgur.com/I2yDM83.jpg) All she did was pull them out; she didn't mash the shards together. We don't know what her experiments involved, but we do know that she got enough information to abandon the Kindergarten through examining the pillars. I'm still convinced that all Peridot is guilty of at this point is following orders.
The difference is she neither buried nor fused the Gems. She's pulled them out and examined them, but frankly that's all. She hasn't really committed any atrocities as of yet. Maybe wait to see what she *actually did* before calling her a Nazi, hm?
It's entirely possible that the fusions she mentioned as "developing properly" weren't the same fusions that Garnet and Steven found. Edit: A thought just occurred. There's a theory that all corrupted gems are actually a result of this fusion experiment. If that theory holds true, the monsters are the ones who emerged early.
&gt;So far from what we know from Peridot That's very important to note because as of yet WE STILL KNOW NEXT TO NOTHING ABOUT PERIDOT. This episode didn't introduce anything really new about her personality. We learned a few of her abilities, but what we learned about her mainly focused on what she was doing, not who she is. We know more about both Jasper and Lapis than Peridot.
She did say her own name, because she's recording a log within earshot of their hiding location: &gt;Log Date 312. This is Peridot, performing Earth hub maintenance check. Steven says, "Peridot. Her name is Peridot." and the Crystal Gems all slap their hands over his mouth to get him to shut up so they're not found.
I believe she blames herself partially for being unable to find the shards, and partially for being involved in the rebellion which led to their destruction and subsequent forced fusion. It's kind-of like [survivor guilt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivor_guilt).
True, but he had to include that. If he didn't, he would effectively said, "Peridot's not a bad guy!" 5+ months in advance.
Well yes but Steven isn't a *Gem* Gem. He's a civilified parthuman.
I've honestly been wondering that, myself. What is it with Gems and hands?
&gt; involves mutilating and torturing the still-sentient shards of fallen Crystal Gems. We have no fucking idea what it involves. For all we know, the experiments could result in the shards forming together into a revived Crystal Gem.
I want there to be a moment similar to what happened between Steven and Greg during The Return, but between Connie and her parents. Some new threat appears that the Crystal Gems go off and fight and Connie sees an opportunity where she's needed, but her parents forbid it as they know nothing of her training or involvement with magic. She sneaks out, helps (potentially forming Stevonnie), her parents arrive demanding answers, and she has to explain everything.
Between Pearl, Peridot, and Rose, we've got like 2 1/2 subreddit wars going on right now.
Well she claimed the large ones were hers ("You're the ones that have been destroying my Plug Robonoids!") and the smaller, broken Flask Robonoid crawled to her for assistance before she crushed it. I think it's safe to say they're hers.
If you would be so kind as to also make a flair of [this](http://i.imgur.com/gzd6Feb.jpg)... I get the feeling we have a lot of Rose flairs coming with the next update.
For me it has "Chille Tid; We Need To Talk" for the description. I have Comcast.
BREAK 'EM APART! PERIDOT WE NEED A FUCKING DESTABILIZER!
Well Steven **was** the first person to acknowledge her existence for several thousand years. Still though, I hope Lapis calms down a couple thousand pegs after she's eventually defused. The last thing we need is a Yandere Lapis running around trying to protect Steven.
Something about wide-eyed Malachite is *very* unsettling.
I was wondering about that with Steven. Rose is clearly left-handed because she wields her sword in it, but Steven only has a shield. Wouldn't it make sense to use your stronger arm if your only weapon is a shield?
I was really pondering if I should include that.
I keep seeing people say this and I have no idea what they're talking about. Could someone please enlighten me?
http://stevencrewniverse.tumblr.com/post/121989031777/mark-your-calendars-stevenbomb-3-begins-july-13 StevenBomb 3 is July 13-17th and it's titled the "Week of Sardonyx."
&gt;Yes I know that the title is orange brownish, but when was the last time that Crewniverse didn’t use titles as a diversion? Chillin Tid speaks for itself. That seems rather left-field to color the title the common color of Sardonyx only to have a green Gem appear. Also, even if Sardonyx is the green variety, Centipeetle's gem doesn't look remotely close to Sardonyx.
[Steven's already got the suit for it, though.](http://i.imgur.com/otSjL44.jpg)
Sardonyx is not directly part of the quartz category. Sardonyx is a subset of onyx. Onyx is a subset of chalcedony. Chalcedony is comprised of very fine quartz and moganite. So while they ARE technically quartz, they're very far off. Jasper's also technically quartz, as is Amethyst. But they're set apart enough that they're differentiated. Also if you go down far enough, every quartz-ish gem has "healing properties." All of that said I'm not dismissing the theory that Sardonyx is a Steven+Gem fusion, I just don't think it's for those reasons.
The "Onyx Wizard" is the Gemsona of his podcast. So everyone's been running around saying "Onyx Wizard confirmed!"
I'm not sure if the etymology sardonic is related to sardonyx. Sardonyx seems to be a combination of "sard" (a brown-red variety of chalcedony) and "onyx." Still though, it's notable.
The thing is, the "sard" of Sardonyx refers to a brown-red variety of chalcedony. According to google, Sardonyx is onyx in which white layers alternate with sard. I'm not sure if green sardonyx is actually a thing or if it's just green onyx.
Sardonyx is not a type of jasper. Sardonyx is an onyx. Onyx is parallel-layered chalcedony. Agate is chaotic-layered chalcedony. Jasper is agate, quartz, and other minerals. They're of the same family but sardonyx is not a jasper. And the more quartz a jasper contains, the farther it is from sardonyx.
Mirror Gem, Ocean Gem, and The Message. I'd also point out The Message takes place like 20 episodes after Ocean Gem. Not simply because of Lapis, but to show how this show can carry a story.
While I have faith in the Crewniverse that Sardonyx will be a well-written character, I'm hoping it isn't a new Gem. A new Gem introduces a lot of complication to a story that's already got a ticking time bomb placed over it with Malachite in Chille Tid. A new enemy Gem just seems excessive with a rogue fusion beating down the door and a pissy scientist trying to continue her work. That's almost [Two Brothers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ziXpIPAhD4)-levels of excessive (and then a new Homeworld Gem arrived, *and that's when things got kicked into 12th gear.*) Meanwhile, a new allied Gem would have to come along AFTER Malachite. If a 100%-brand-new Gem came along and within the span of 5 episodes, that Gem helped defeat Malachite, that'd be a very deus ex machina way of dealing with her. At this point, fusion seems to be the most likely option in my opinion, especially if Sardonyx is the fusion of all the CGs and each episode leading up to a final showdown with Malachite is Steven practicing fusion with each one individually. Or they could just not deal with Malachite for 5 episodes, but that'd be *REALLY* strange considering they just established she's about to go rogue.
Just not a new Gem. So a fusion. We've already got enough enemy Gems running around with unresolved plots, and if an allied Gem were to appear and help defeat Malachite within 5 episodes, that's a bit too deus ex machina for me.
Why did he turn ambiguously brown?
Extra evidence against Peridot and Jasper fusing: 1. Peridot doesn't know where Jasper is or what she's dealing with, and she seems too preoccupied with her mission to care. 2. Jasper would first have to diffuse from Malachite and then fuse with Peridot in a VERY brief timespan. Not to mention Jasper is probably going to be captured after Malachite is split as she'll be too weak to fight back (a la Sugilite's splitting), AND Jasper will likely have lingering trauma about fusion for quite some time. 3. Jasper does not respect Peridot and Peridot does not like Jasper. Malachite's power is fueled by Lapis' and Jasper's mutual hatred, but a fusion between Peridot and Jasper would be fueled by... mild disdain? 4. Peridot and Jasper have completely different goals; Peridot wants to complete her mission (preferably with as little conflict as possible) and Jasper wants to destroy the Crystal Gems and capture Steven. Even if they somehow managed to sync enough to fuse, their fusion wouldn't be strong, and it would have two conflicting goals it's trying to accomplish. Also I don't believe Peridot has a way to contact Homeworld yet as she said she's "still stuck on miserable planet" when recording her log in Keeping It Together. It makes no sense to claim you're still stuck if you have a way to contact help. Anyway, on to your theory. Personally, I think the idea of Sardonyx being the temple Gem and being formed to combat Malachite is rather likely. I wouldn't be surprised if the "Week of Sardonyx" started with the CGs assessing that Alexandrite would be too weak to fight Malachite, and so they start properly training Steven in fusion so he'll be able to handle a fusion of so many Gems. It'd also factor in to their showcase of Rainbow Quartz in We Need To Talk. In addition to building the backstory and impact of fusion, it would also give a peek at a potential result of Steven's training. If they began his training, Rainbow Quartz would be a good starting point as he's already deeply connected with Pearl AND knows the result of their fusion. From there, they could branch into Steven+Amethyst and Steven+Garnet. Regardless of what theories end up being right, at this point it's either a brand new Gem or a fusion. I have a personal issue with it being a brand new Gem for two reasons: 1. If it's an enemy Gem, that's just excessive. We already have TWO unresolved plot points involving Homeworld Gems, and we don't need another one gallivanting around before Malachite's even been dealt with. Chille Tid put a ticking time bomb over everything the CGs do - they can't waste time with a completely new villain. 2. If it's an allied Gem, that seems coincidental to a deus ex machina degree. If an allied Gem shows up and, within 5 episodes, helps the CGs defeat Malachite, that's not exactly a good story. Especially considering viable options to beat Malachite already exist in the form of a stronger fusion and an alliance with Peridot to use her destabilizer.
We have no idea. Honestly bubbling could be a technique Rose discovered and shared among the rebels. We know Garnet, Amethyst, Pearl, Rose, and Steven can all bubble.
Well in Ocean Gem, Amethyst literally says, "All those monsters we fight used to be just like us! Right Pearl?"
Peedee had the single greatest line in Rising Tides/Crashing Skies. *camera pans to see the crab monster* "HOOOOOoooh mahgosh."
I thought the idea of Amethyst having "gone feral" before Rose and the CGs found her was the prevailing theory.
The war BEGAN somewhere in the realm of 5000-6000 years ago. "Over" 5000 years ago is when Rose decided she was going to fight for the planet and gave Pearl the option to leave. 6000 years ago is when the Kindergarten was last active. We have no metric for how long the war lasted but it can be assumed it ended long before humans rose to power on the planet. The Crystal Gems seem to be omnipresent throughout all stages of human history, and Pearl says she remembers when they used to be hunter-gatherers. The war couldn't have lasted long; at a certain point, Homeworld would have planted more Kindergartens and overwhelmed the Rebels. A long, drawn-out war would not be in favor of the Rebels, so it had to finish fast. So if we assume the last time the Kindergarten was active was when the clusters were planted and incubated (because I think the Crystal Gems would have been checking to make sure nobody arrived to do it post-war), then it took approximately 6000 years for them to reach their CURRENT state. I honestly don't think Jasper could have been shattered and healed in the span of the war.
Keep in mind it takes about 9 months to make an episode from start to finish. Anything they're recording this week won't be seen for months, which means it basically won't be seen until late S2 or S3. That being said, Sadie could easily appear some time soon. Just nothing from this recording session would be in that episode.
[Did it to her close-up.](http://imgur.com/a/rRJo4) She honestly looks adorable with her old eye design all in one color. I couldn't get the highlights quite right on her pupil-only version. But it's not that noticeable unless you look close.
I... how... what... No. No. You do NOT get a Malachite version of this. I draw the line here. [I'm done.](http://i.imgur.com/UxEDL1O.gif)
Storyboarding, animation, voice acting, music, processing, network review, potentially rendering depending on what software they use, and so on. Creating a high-quality 11-minute animation is a LOT of work.
We have no idea who Sardonyx is. There are theories which are more plausible than others. The idea that Sardonyx is the fusion depicted by the temple is plausible.
In the temple murals from Serious Steven, we see an orange/yellow Gem in front of the Sun (or some other star) and a blue Gem standing on what looks like water/wind surrounded by crystals and spires. The white Gem's powers are significantly more ambiguous but she appears to be radiating light? Wouldn't be surprised if Yellow Diamond controlled fire and Blue Diamond controlled ice, at a minimum.
I find it absolutely hilarious for this very reason.
[Peridot actually has a very slim waist if you look at her.](http://i.imgur.com/k4fLWf3.png) It's about as wide as her face. Her limbs are thicker than her waist in most spots.
I eagerly await Citrine. Just don't be a dick, Citrine. Though given that it's known as "Healing Quartz", I feel like it'll be a Steven + Garnet fusion or something.
[Here's the one that I revised to shortly after making the template.](http://i.imgur.com/H4qxz3i.png) Got a few gimme's but I'd say it's pretty good!
[Crewniverse Font v2 by MaxiGamer](http://maxigamer.deviantart.com/art/Crewniverse-Font-Version-2-now-available-540122768)
To be fair, Bloodstone seems a bit overkill. Once you've got a Eul's, you shouldn't have a big-enough mana problem to warrant a Bloodstone.
I've seen it before, but it's worth showing off again. I used your font in making my [StevenBomb Bingo template](http://i.imgur.com/GQMHFNx.png) and [card.](http://i.imgur.com/H4qxz3i.png) You did an excellent job. Thank you!
/r/stevenuniverse is leaking. And that's fine by me.
The thing is Malachite has been slowly becoming her own person ever since she was formed. Lapis isn't just fighting Jasper for control. The instant Lapis loses complete control, it's not like Jasper is going to instantly take over. When Lapis loses control, Malachite is going to be free, and both Jasper AND Lapis will be prisoners. Garnet says it herself: if their bond snaps, their anger will take over. Garnet is Ruby and Sapphire's fury, patience, love, etc.; Malachite is Lapis and Jasper's anger, hatred, vitriol, etc.
The point is if I have to burn my Equality combo on Rag before Ysera comes along, I'm *uber* fucked. BGH lets me save my very limited removal for the threats BGH can't hit.
We did. A while ago. It's just an animation error, as in the previous shot she's holding it with her fingers.
#TAIGA AISAKA. PALMTOP TIGER FIGHT! That is all.
I had a shower thought the other day about Sardonyx. What if Sardonyx is the actual name of the Gem Homeworld?
If that's true then it's kinda cool that the Airbender process for determining the next Avatar is based off of the Dalai Lama's succession.
Moreover, the bot doesn't mark spoilers as spoilers. I think I'd be fine with the bot if it could spoiler tag properly, but as far as I've seen, it can't.
I usually use the TV as background visuals. Doesn't really matter what's on, but I had it on Cartoon Network that day. Now I'd heard about Steven Universe before and wrote it off as another kid's show. I turn to look out the window and instead my eye catches on what's actually playing. It's the ending of Warp Tour, just when Steven catches the Robonoid and starts to float into the void, accepting death. I unmute the TV and watch, entranced, as Peridot makes a brief appearance and the Gems start to panic. I remember it struck me because of the note that the episode ended on. &gt; "Was that another Gem? Where did she come from? What was she trying to do?" &gt; "It doesn't matter." -escalating music and destruction of the Warp Pad- "She's not coming back." -cut to black- That made me sit stunned for a few moments before determining I needed to look up this show.
[How would you appraise a chicken?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FossUXgFWKA&amp;t=3m46s)
I'd also throw Timbersaw into that mix. Timbersaw's power curve is unlike almost any other hero in the game. He goes from pathetically weak in lane to a mid-game dominator (provided he didn't get crushed), and then completely drops off again the moment people start getting BKBs. He's one of the few cores (not carries, cores) that is bad in both the early and ultra-late game. Even a hero like Zeus is more versatile and has a stronger laning stage. It's very difficult to balance Timbersaw without making him either a god-tier snowballing force or utterly useless. You can see this in pro games: Timbersaw usually dominates amazingly when he's on the winning team, but gets utterly crushed when on the losing team. Right now, he's the latter and Queen of Pain does everything he does better.
I played for about 20 hours before I got bored and stopped playing. It's a fine game, but I don't think it deserves anywhere near the sheer amount of praise it's gotten. I had two major problems with the game that ultimately led to me quitting shortly after I reached Skellige: The combat is very simple - even on the hardest difficulty, you can get by through abusing Quen and Axii, upgrading Light Attack, and mashing M1. If the enemy flies or uses a shield, Axii will completely negate those. As far as I could tell, even if an attack was strong-enough to do way more damage than Quen blocked, it always blocked the full attack which meant you could get away with just dodging every other attack and using armor that sped up stamina regen. The vast majority of "points of interest" are boring and worthless. I did every single ? on the map I could find in every area until I reached Skellige, where upon I gave up because I noticed a pattern. The world is full of them but every single one is very similar, and they almost never gave anything other than crafting recipes of mixed usefulness or vendor trash. Almost any gear received was worse than my crafted gear. Any crafting materials were simply added to the pile I had amassed from the start of the game. They felt like busywork rather than something to actually seek out. The main and sidequests were very well-done, but honestly most of the in-between content felt pointless. I would have greatly preferred them to just cut out the "open world" and make it a much more linear game akin to Fable 1.
Imagine if Blue Diamond later looked back on this event, got curious, and then the fusion experiments began. Garnet would have inadvertently caused the eternal suffering of her former comrades.
http://i.imgur.com/0tBdCTz.jpg
As suggested in [this comment thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/3zh370/episode_discussion_the_answer/cym2day) from The Answer discussion thread. Sadly I couldn't find a title screen with the text removed, so I couldn't replace it.
She doesn't say that exactly. She says "We couldn't have known they would do this," and, ""Rose couldn't have known." The context of both (along with Ruby's responses) leads me to believe she was talking about how they couldn't find the shards, not that they were the cause of the experiments.
Technically, Aegis should be pronounced Ee-jis because it's the name for Zeus' goddamn shield in Greek mythology and the ae- is pronounced like E.
He turned into a fuckin' Peanuts kid. He shapeshifted so hard he changed art styles.
They probably would have if Steven had not been completely focused on maintaining his shapeshifting.
I feel like once Steven feels like he's grown up, he's just going to EXPLODE in height. His parents are built like a bouncer and an amazonian, he has it in him to be a tank of a person. We've even seen what he *thinks* he's going to look like when he's an adult in Too Many Birthdays. His view of "adult" is basically Jasper-levels of huge.
Steven does have curly hair so it does have the potential of becoming Rose hair if he were to grow it out. I think people do it because they like the idea of Steven adapting traits from his mom and dad as he grows up, either as a tribute or because he likes them. Moreover, we don't know what Steven will ACTUALLY look like as an adult. In Too Many Birthdays, he transforms into what he believes his adult self might look like AT THAT MOMENT. A Gem's appearance is linked to their emotional and mental state, and it's very possible that the next ten years will have such a dramatic change on Steven's mind that his adult form will differ drastically from what we saw. Your appearance as you age is dependent on your environment as well as your genetics. If you take two twins and raise them in entirely different scenarios, they'll likely be different heights, have slightly different bone structures, etc. With Gems, you can add in the drastic changes that emotional differences might make. Steven doesn't know what will happen in the next ten years, so he doesn't know what he'll look like when he's an adult any more than we do.
The issue is BGH is a necessary evil for the few giant minions that would be *even more bullshit* without him. Imagine Dr. Boom if BGH didn't exist.
It's not "catering to the people who don't spend money." It's trying to make a fun and interesting game mode that doesn't devolve into meta-decking the shit out of it. There's a reason every time a spell-based deck-building brawl appears, people get really irritated. It's because everyone either plays Tempo Mage or gets crushed by Tempo Mage, and the people who don't have the cards to play Tempo Mage get irritated. It's much easier to have a widely-enjoyed game mode when you have control over what the players can and cannot play. They don't have to be the same deck - just not my nice little 'for fun' deck vs. Netdeck McPowerGamer. If you change the ruleset, your community of millions will still find the most optimal way to game the system. Moreso with Tavern Brawls because the rulesets are not balanced. Having premade decks that each game the system in a different way requires more thought, but it also creates a more enjoyable experience overall because the you can focus on the gameplay rather than being forced to endure losing 3 games before you switch to Tempo Mage.
Lapis doesn't really need redemption. She needs counseling and maybe therapy, but not redemption.
Bonus points if she grows a glorious fisherman's beard.
Two points worth noting: 1. Peridot states that the end plan for Earth was 89 Kindergartens, 67 Spires, and a Galaxy Warp at each facet. We currently only know of the Lunar Sea Spire, the Sky Spire, and the Earth Spire (mentioned but not shown), but either of the unknown ones could be a Spire as well. 2. The [map of the original buildings](http://imgur.com/AfsWoWC) indicates 14 major locations. Each of these is likely required for the beginning of a Gem Colony, which would indicate the remaining 6 locations (the two on North America are Kindergartens) we have yet to see are all likely of great importance.
It appears to be a post-rebellion Homeworld structure, perhaps a prison for rebels. The same triangle insignia that appears on Peridot's ship appears (without colors) on the floor of the central room of the trap floor. This is unlike the moon base and the Sky Arena, both of which predate the rebellion and have the diamond insignia.
[DUPED!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l291zs8rLuM)
Doesn't matter if the heals aren't strong enough. There are easily some single-pack pulls where spamming Flash of Light BARELY keeps someone alive. The first few pulls on the ramp after Ick and Krick in Pit of Saron, for example.
I don't regret watching it but that's because I don't really care about spoilers. What I will say is this: it basically spoils two major character stories in one 5-second clip.
Probably not. Peridot said the locations shown were the original foundation for the colony on Earth and accounted for "maybe 5%" of what was planned. The moon base isn't on Earth so it's probably not among them.
The Pyramid Temple isn't one of the ones listed on the map. It was created post-rebellion (hence the murals of Rose and the triangular Authority insignia as opposed to the diamond one) whereas the locations shown on the map are the original buildings that were made when Gems arrived on Earth.
It took me a second viewing to understand what exactly Peridot was doing, as well. But once it clicked, it's now honestly one of my favorite scenes in the entire show. It's a very good way to show you exactly what a character is good and bad at. Peridot understands mechanics but not abstract concepts. Which, funnily enough, pops up again later in the episode when she doesn't understand the concept of *why* the rebels actually rebelled. She understands the causes and effects of the rebellion, but not the feelings behind it. Mechanically, she's right in saying the rebellion *didn't* actually solve anything, because it didn't. But conceptually, she completely misses the point. Steven mistakes her compliance for understanding, but you can still see her struggling with concepts as she's talking. "Interest without meaning? Solutions without problems?"
Peridot was IN his mane. That's how she was riding him. The glow was her getting out.
I was getting some serious Frieza vibes with the line, "I want my Cluster, and I want that planet to *die.* Just make that happen."
There's an upcoming episode titled "Back 2 The Moon" that is probably related. I doubt we'll have to wait until Season 3 to see what that orb does.
[A small comparison, for those who can't remember.](http://imgur.com/a/9GpZB) In other words, Jasper has a +5 Cloak of the Jawline.
&gt;1 year Oh you poor, naive child.
The sheer thought of political intrigue and gossip within the Homeworld power structure is wonderful. We are dealing with three separate courts of Gems in which both alliances and millennium-long feuds could have been formed and broken. They may all be united toward a singular goal, but the reactions of Peridot and Yellow Pearl indicate that they're just as proud and prone to in-fighting as Earthlings. To give an example: *what would the other Gems think if they found out Yellow Diamond couldn't control a simple Peridot?* I wouldn't be surprised if Pearls are sworn to secrecy by their Diamonds for that reason alone, considering their constant attendance means they're privy to all manner of insider information. And now, we patiently await the Homeworld arc.
It won't last forever, but she could leave before the series ends like Rebecca did with AT and like Ian is going to do with SU.
Peridot had a lot of obtuse lines within the last two episodes, from her dissection of Steven's musical chords to her lack of explanation about her grand plan to get Yellow Diamond's assistance. I kinda love it.
One thing that I want to see though is that, when Lapis does eventually warm up to Peridot, she returns the gift by retrieving her limb enhancers. I mean, Lapis IS the most qualified to do it.
I think it's more the fact that Peridot is partly responsible for her being abducted back to Earth against her will... again.
It has yet to be announced what exactly got greenlit, but it's very possible. We'll see in the coming months.
Imgur has an album limit of 150, so I had to split it into three parts. [Part 2](http://imgur.com/a/CMZZ5) [Part 3](http://imgur.com/a/3zOLg) I went through all of the episodes and gathered as many interesting or funny faces as I could, along with a few other things that could become emotes such as the shots of Earth from space. [Here is my favorite.](http://i.imgur.com/GDhHLSi.jpg)
Also Zuke is very open about her love for slashfic.
Okay I know what we call Bismuth could be a lot of things other than Bismuth, but it's NOT a diamond. Unless you mean the gem is actually under his mane, on the skin. In which case that's more viable but I still don't believe so because Amethyst shapeshifted into Lion and her gem was on the mane rather than underneath.
I just want them back because they're just *cool.* Gem weapon or not, they're really useful and powerful tools for both maintenance and combat.
Well I mean, where's she gonna put the star?
On the topic of stock sounds, the bzzt from It Could Have Been Great when the holoscreen first appears is the exact same noise that DotA 2 uses for one of Storm Spirit's abilities. My mind went blank and tried to shift into dota mode for a moment.
So it doesn't get detected and copyright claimed by the automatic systems.
It's just frustrating when you're just trying to play, get destroyed, and then see that someone has 9 Damage Ups and 3 Defense Ups. I actually saw someone with this, he crushed everyone.
It's even stranger when you consider he broke the rules using the elements... of Draenor... 30 years in the past... in another dimension. Why the fuck do Azeroth's elementals give a shit?
I'm still partly of the opinion that a Gem's strength varies based on their emotional mood, just like how Steven's powers are a bit inconsistent. Every time we've seen Lapis demonstrate overwhelming power, it's during a time of great emotional stress and desperation. This goes for both the events of Mirror Gem/Ocean Gem and her overpowering Malachite. However, we've also seen Lapis when she was weak and defenseless, held in a cell on Peridot's ship. I don't think it's a coincidence that Lapis doesn't fight back much after she's had her entire reason for persevering for 6000 years stripped away from her. She knew there was water nearby, and I'm willing to wager Lapis is fully aware of how strong she can be. But she lost her will, only regaining and demonstrating her full force after she resolved to protect Steven after fusing. If this does hold true, then it would make sense that Lapis would get weaker after she joins the Crystal Gems. She would be less strained and intense in general as she has friends and allies.
When she reformed, Peridot was still shouting like she was during the fight. She had no idea she'd even been poofed, so she probably didn't feel much.
I can only assume they pronounce hypocritical with a silent H.
A 3/3 Murloc? Murloc Knight approves.
Well YD still had a Pearl despite the rebellion having a Pearl. I think Homeworld recognizes individuality enough to understand two different Gems of the same type can have different thoughts.
Just so you know, mods tend to get a bit annoyed if you try to mention advanced spoilers in a post that isn't tagged with the specific flair. Even if you spoiler tag your own stuff, if the thread doesn't have it, they might dunk your comment.
Wouldn't a bomb with a radius of ~2500 miles irradiate basically half the world?
In basketball, there's not a 12% chance that hitting the backboard will cause the ball to rocket across the entire court and score a point for the opposing team.
And where might I go to read this series?
My heart isn't ready for Bokuto after the last game.
I think it's inevitable that we'll eventually get to see Homeworld, and I feel like the various Diamond storylines will all begin to intersect there. If all three Diamonds are balanced in terms of power, then in theory White and Blue Diamond could overrule Yellow Diamond and allow something she disapproves of. Say for example you frame White Diamond as a decisive and calculating force that is firmly focused on the now (regardless of previous affiliation) while Blue Diamond is willing to overlook certain transgressions if it ultimately furthers her goal. I feel like this is the perfect set-up for establishing a tenuous alliance between the Crystal Gems and the Diamonds despite Yellow Diamond's obvious vendetta against them. Introduce a threat to all Gem-kind, have one Diamond view the involvement of the Crystal Gems as necessary, have another believe she can use the Crystal Gems for her own agenda, and have Yellow Diamond vehemently oppose it but unable to overrule the other two. And from there, you build.
Given that Peridot survived a several-story fall followed by being crushed by a 15-foot hunk of metal, their bodies seem to be really good at resisting blunt force trauma but significantly less-sturdy against puncturing.
I always did love the idea that, after all of the Homeworld conflict is said and done, Greg became a celebrity among Gems because they loved his music.
&gt;Peridot confirmed they've never heard any before Not true. Sapphire was humming before she was ever introduced to humans. I think Peridot understands the concept of music and was instead just confused as to how the drill noises were music.
[Splatoon is getting two manga adaptations,](http://www.crunchyroll.com/anime-news/2016/01/09-1/splatoon-will-receive-two-manga-adaptations) although one is just a four-panel. I have hope for an anime.
While I'm not sure of how obscure they are, I've always enjoyed Last Days of Lorca. I first learned of them through Beat Hazard as one of the tracks in that game was [With All Clarity.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_5aG436Eng) It's easily one of my favorite songs (I still listen to it years later which is rarely the case with me), alongside [A Lighthouse Waits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QkfbvSWG4M) and [I Start Fires/We Start Riots.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4t2xysHiPQ) As far as I can tell they're still together, but they don't have a lot of music.
[Magic.](http://i.imgur.com/SbUFDcz.gif)
Peridot does not seem like the person who would ever turn down limb enhancers unless they have a very negative down-side. They objectively improve her fighting abilities and overall usefulness, so there's no reason NOT to use them. With her limb enhancers, Peridot can: fly, shoot energy blasts, levitate objects, run on walls, record logs, and probably do a bunch of other stuff we have yet to see. And the only down-side is... she loses palms? But she could hold a destabilizer with them so she's clearly skilled-enough so that it doesn't affect her. Also Peridot doesn't hate Homeworld. She disagrees with a decision they made and went against Yellow Diamond's wishes, but she very clearly doesn't hate Homeworld in the way Garnet and Pearl do. Her only problem was with Yellow Diamond's vendetta against the planet.
Alternatively, a Gem's court is hand-picked from the Gems under their rule as opposed to the all-encompassing idea presented here, so you can serve Blue Diamond but not be part of her court. Like a normal royal court. Garnet did refer to Sapphire as an "aristocratic Gem," after all. Basically Ruby could be a peasant under Blue Diamond.
Precisely. She's just that good when it comes to memorization and acting on information. I'm willing to wager even someone with perfect pitch would have to hear notes multiple times before the can pick them out (if only to memorize exactly which note correlates to what letter despite knowing the notes by ear), but Peridot only needed it once.
She can still do all of that while retaining her limb enhancers. They're a tool and they probably have some sentimental value to Peridot. There is no reason to not give them back to her at some point, considering she's just going to be a liability in combat without them. She's physically weaker than Steven - any physical combat without her limb enhancers is going to end badly for her, training and summoned weapon or not. Gems can't do strength training like humans can considering their bodies are malleable. Moreover, why CAN'T her limb enhancers be her weapon? It clearly took Pearl several years to learn how to summon a weapon properly as she's still using swords well into the rebellion. I doubt Peridots are "made for fighting" any more than Pearls are. Meanwhile, Peridot already has training with limb enhancers and experience using them in combat situations. It would be far more prudent to recover her limb enhancers as opposed to training her from the ground up on how to summon a weapon AND THEN training her on how to use it. If her weapon is even something the CGs are qualified to train, that is; it could be something they have no idea how to use properly.
Orc-spawning, spike-forming red.
Yeah but in Hunter that's 4 damage the next turn for 3 mana, plus your opponent might get a Zombie Chow or something. You don't want to be running it in aggro. Really the only decent damage-dealing pull you could get from it in aggro is Leper Gnome.
Over the course of 300 runs (10 runs a day for a month), you'd have an 88% chance to have seen the mount at least once just by the laws of probability. You start calling yourself unlucky when you cross 50%. If you're actually hardcore farming it, there is no reason to have not seen the mount by now.
They actually make mention of it in Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun where he says he can't draw two people riding a bike together for that same reason. Hence why the two-seater: he's trying to figure out the best way to get around it.
I think it should break when the target becomes magic immune.
Steamwheedle Sniper seems like the kind of card that just needs another card to make it good. It's not *bad*, but Hunter cannot make use of it because it doesn't have the tools to make dealing 2 direct damage to a minion valuable in most forms. They either have sufficient removal as-is (Kill Command, Quick Shot, Powershot, Explosive Trap, etc.) or don't need to focus on removal because they're aggro. Just about the only card that synergizes with it as removal is Hunter's Mark. Having said that, [imagine if a card like this were introduced.](http://i.imgur.com/FPRMJTx.png) Not balanced, probably too weak, but the concept of getting a Hunter's Mark off Inspire allows a combo where Steamwheedle Sniper becomes hard removal for anything that doesn't have a Divine Shield while both are down and you have a Hunter's Mark in hand. I'm confident that Steamwheedle Sniper will eventually see play provided Hunters get more cards that synergize with a 2-damage ping hero power.
Go for it.
If you've got a bit more time, Lindybeige makes some rather interesting and informative videos on medieval weaponry, armor, reenactments, and roleplaying. [Here's his video on longbows,](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZpDIpqDwxI) and [here's a follow-up about arrows.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWCN7HId-b8)
It's a toss-up between Omniknight and Necrophos. For the record, I primarily play Timbersaw. Omniknight is a massive pain in the ass because he shuts down any potential of a solo kill when he's around. Timbersaw is a hero with a very small window of domination: after he gets a Bloodstone, and before enemies pick up a BKB. Turns out a hero that can give anyone a free BKB that never loses duration from the 2-minute mark prevents a lot of kills. Necrophos because fuck that aura and fuck 30 extra seconds on the respawn timer. I shouldn't need to take 2 points in Reactive Armor just so my health stops falling because I had the AUDACITY to try to come remotely close to the creep wave.
I wouldn't really call Greg a deadbeat, though. He owns his own small business and lives comfortably (as far as he's concerned) while providing for Steven. Moreover, he's talented in a wide variety of fields. It's more that Greg just has a very non-traditional lifestyle.
**I'll preface this by saying this is going to be a long reply. If you're actually interested in the series, please read through it because I'm trying to be helpful.** I get the feeling you've only seen episodes from the first half of the first season. I'll tackle your questions first and then explain a bit: &gt;What does Steven do? Depending on what episodes you've seen, it varies. The series begins with Steven *just* starting to learn about his powers, so he starts off rather useless, naive, and childish. As the series progresses, he becomes more capable. &gt;Is he just there to observe and scream? The show is almost always framed from Steven's perspective, so you see things as Steven sees them. At the start he does indeed do a lot of observing, as one does when they start learning. As for the screaming... it depends. &gt; Is he heavily autistic, is that why it's so popular with the tumblr crowd? No. Steven is childish and he grows as a character. The show is popular with tumblr because it has dynamic, complex, and enjoyable characters. &gt;Does he have any abilities? Yes. First and foremost, Steven is a half-Human half-Gem (alien) hybrid, which means he can do most of what Gems can do while also having unique aspects of himself. Gems can summon weapons, shapeshift, project hard-light energy bubbles around objects, have inhuman strength and agility, regenerate from their gemstones, fuse with one another to combine strengths, and have a variety of unique abilities depending on the Gem (electricity, flight, etc.). Steven demonstrates some of these, but not others. Some are spoilers so I won't mention which. However, as previously stated, he does not begin the series with these because he's just beginning to learn the very basics of his Gem half. The very first episode of the series has him tackling how to summon his Gem weapon, a shield. &gt;Is he ever the reason the plot moves forward? Very often. &gt;Why is he scared of everything? He's not? There are some things which he is nervous or anxious about, but even at the start of the series, he's not overly terrified of much. &gt;Does he have an inside voice? He does. --- As for the appeal of Steven Universe, it's a show about characters and interpersonal relationships. There is an overarching plot, but the meat of the show is watching characters interact with themselves and one another, and grow in depth and complexity. That being said, the overarching plot does help drive you along to keep watching more as it's quite interesting and the world is full of hints that more is going on and I will not spoil it. At the beginning of the series, Steven is much like any other young person - naive, impressionable, hapless, nonsensical, etc. The bulk of the show is watching him grow from this child into a more capable and respectable person. The same goes for most of the characters, although Steven is the focus of the show and thus he gets the most characterization and development. I can agree that the series does not make the best first impressions as a result of this, as growth is intentional but it's slow and it's not presented upfront. Really, it just comes down to if you like how the characters end up. Unfortunately I can't recommend two episodes to demonstrate this without A) Massively spoiling the series and B) Undermining all of the events that led to the character growth demonstrated. All I can say is that it does get a lot better than the first few episodes. If you don't find anything awful about the series and stick with it, it will deliver. And even then the first episodes aren't bad - a lot of them are smartly-written and have some good jokes. It's just that Steven starts off... abrasive. But if you're willing to give the series a solid try and absolutely must see what the show is capable of, I'll recommend one of two episodes: 1. Space Race (S1E28), as it's a spoiler-free episode that showcases some strong character traits of one character in particular. 2. Alone Together (S1E36) is probably the most fascinating episode of the entire show. You may want to watch Giant Woman (S1E12) first to understand the concept of fusion. Amazon Instant Video has all of the episodes if you want to pay for them (be warned that Amazon's order of episodes is incorrect and is not the proper viewing order). If not, I'm sure you can find them online somewhere. ^^^^^Kickass ^^^^^Torrents ^^^^^has ^^^^^every ^^^^^episode.
I hope not. 5CP has a major flaw in that it heavily emphasizes fast classes/heroes due to the tug-of-war nature because you're constantly in a mad dash for the farther point. I'm not saying it'd be 6v6 all Tracer but it'd put a severe disadvantage to the slower heroes.
I mean, it was obvious she was a huge nerd from the start. A huge *shipping* nerd, on the other hand...
Don't mind me, just making sure all of the Haikyuu guys are there.
Maybe they could have something like this in the future: * All max-rank gear has a baseline 1-2% conversion rate toward Focus. * The type of Focus you gain defaults to your chosen school and can be changed by paying a fee (possibly costing Focus) or using a Lens. * Lenses increase the conversion rate and also change the school, if the school is different. So that way the focus system doesn't punish you for switching gear often and you can still grind focus by using specific gear with proper lenses.
Thank you! [Now I've got a spiffy new rainmeter skin.](http://i.imgur.com/JflTUJj.jpg)
I saw this happen earlier today. Acolyte spawned, one of the dudes I was grouped with shot it once and it evaporated.
It's the [Crewniverse font by MaxiGamer.](http://maxigamer.deviantart.com/art/Crewniverse-Font-VERSION-3-Now-with-numbers-540122768)
By the time you actually need the AS from MoM, the target's either dead, got away, or it's significantly later in the game where you should have better items. The idea behind MoM is the extra AS is MOSTLY useful in the early game and diminishes as the game goes on, so you get it on heroes that have a lot of early burst in their autoattacks and a way to remain safe so the extra damage you take doesn't wreck you. Overpower already takes care of all of Ursa's needs for early game attack speed. All it would give him is bonus movespeed during the duration, in which case you're better off getting Phase+Drums.
Have a Heart quest is now called Forward March.
Roadhog's hook is buggy in general. Sometimes it will hit you despite you being around a wall and pull you to him. Sometimes it will pull you along terrain. Sometimes it won't move you at all. Sometimes it will pull you THROUGH him (I swear a full third of my Genji hooks end with him behind me). Hell, a few times I've had hooks connect that literally disappeared the moment they stunned my target. No pull, target didn't die, just a stun.
I wonder how much of Timbersaw's upswing is due to the Bloodstone + Reactive Armor buffs and how much is due to the spike in Strength heroes.
It's almost as though magic burst is good against a hero with a mediocre amount of base health and a stacking armor passive! Who knew!
Also as Roadhog. It's a sad day when a Roadhog manages to get 5/5 golds on his team.
&gt;shes about as overpowered as bastion. Which is precisely why the pros believe Widowmaker to be a dominant force in the competitive scene and Bastion to be a one-trick gimmick pony. Think before you say something next time.
[Imgur mirror.](http://imgur.com/a/aAjDL)
There's also the crucial step of "If she is Tomo, this is a problem." He's based his entire judgement on the mind-frame of "Her being Tomo is worse for me than her not being Tomo, so I'm just gonna pray it's not Tomo."
tomo = false if ( tomo = true ) { problem == 1 } else { problem == 0 }
It seems like it would be more prudent to have a public beta server (or even just a different "beta" queue) to test than to try to use custom games.
Guys, I've figured it out: Tomo emits a [SEP Field](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somebody_else%27s_problem) that can only be perceived by Jun.
[The OverSheet.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QgTenq3s-YesFgb-CPI6yIPpp4K9xot7LhTBo3Tm0Pk/edit#gid=726883595) * Torb's turrets do 14 damage per shot, same with the rockets of the level 3 turret. * Level 1 fires 2 shots/sec. (28 dps) * Level 2 fires 4 shots/sec. (56 dps) * Level 3 fires 5 shots/sec and 4 rockets/sec. (126 dps) Armor reduces that by 5 per shot, so level 1 only does ~18 dps and level 2 only does ~36 dps to D.Va's mech. Meanwhile, D.Va can kill a level 2 turret in point-blank range in 1.8 seconds, which means the turret will only do ~64 damage to D.Va... not counting crits to her giant headbox.
And that's why I never used a companion if I could avoid it. Why would I tote around someone who's more harm than help AND judges me for every action I make? So I can participate in some poorly-written companion questlines? No thanks, I'll be a lone wanderer. Makes this shit way more bearable.
"I've seen some shit, I'm taking a nap!"
Hell, even Vile Experiment + Tinkmaster Overspark. If you have no board and they have a full board, you can turn their entire board into a 1/1 or 5/5 for 6 mana.
I've had a feeling that TA is one patch away from being the new cancer for a while. I'm not sure if this will do it, but I'm always fearful of TA buffs. She's a monster in lane to anyone that isn't Viper or Venomancer, can spill-farm Ancients, and can take an early Rosh. She's basically impossible to shut down early, even if she isn't the hardest carry.
Drow and Sniper both get a reasonable amount of use out of it as well.
Timbersaw remains exactly the same. Guess IceFrog is still waiting to see how that Reactive Armor buff pans out.
6.89 &gt; Treant Protector now starts the game with a Divine Rapier.
Not always true. Horimiya and My Little Monster get a lot of mileage out of their relationships.
&gt; Vote for best **girl** Kosaki Onodera!! Doormats don't have a gender...
For those wondering what happened: When two forced movement abilities interact in a manner like this, the one that finishes first "loses." For instance, if Timbersaw chains to a tree when he is hooked, he will teleport to Pudge if the chain ends before the hook and teleport to the tree if the hook ends before the chain.
I say we just skip to [plan C.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PPVjYeD-Mk)
Plus Lifestealer is extra-strong against the bear because of Feast. The bear's main defense is having a wall of hp, but Feast gives no shits.
If this becomes a tradition that sticks then I eagerly await the 2016 one.
I personally did it with Nightstalker Aghs + Gem + Iron Talon. Like hell I'm gonna let anyone steal my shit.
LEFT IS BEST! - [**Himeko Inaba**](https://img.animebracket.com/17t0.jpg) - [~~Ryuuko Matoi~~](https://img.animebracket.com/189c.jpg) - [**Stephanie Dora**](https://img.animebracket.com/17xa.jpg) - [~~Satsuki Kiryuuin~~](https://img.animebracket.com/17st.jpg) - [**Sakura Chiyo**](https://img.animebracket.com/17rt.jpg) - [~~Urara Shiraishi~~](https://img.animebracket.com/17un.jpg) - [**Illyasviel von Einzbern**](https://img.animebracket.com/17se.jpg) - [~~Shizuka Hiratsuka~~](https://img.animebracket.com/17yk.jpg) - [**Shinobu Oshino**](https://img.animebracket.com/17sm.jpg) - [~~Akame~~](https://img.animebracket.com/17wn.jpg) - [**Tsukihi Araragi**](https://img.animebracket.com/17ww.jpg) - [~~Tsubasa Hanekawa~~](https://img.animebracket.com/17qk.jpg) - [**Shiro**](https://img.animebracket.com/18bd.jpg) - [~~Mikoto Misaka~~](https://img.animebracket.com/17qb.jpg) - [**Yoko Littner**](https://img.animebracket.com/1882.jpg) - [~~Hirasawa Yui~~](https://img.animebracket.com/17qm.jpg)
Taiga manages to fight the movement quite nicely. Though chances are she'll beat Irisveil and then get knocked out by Rin. Still, a top 16 finish ain't half-bad.
This is the lowest it's going to get. Steam did away with daily deals and flash sales, which means no more waiting til the last day. The highlighted deals are just that - highlights. They're not going to get any cheaper or more expensive, because everything that's discounted for the Summer Sale won't change until it's over. Plus, Undertale at $7 is a *steal.* That good of a game.
The anime covers content from the first two volumes, although it skips a few notable plot points that tie back later on. You'd be best off simply reading from the beginning. The anime skips over how Kazuma met Dust and Keith (the two adventurers that introduced him to the Succubus brothel), how the party met Wiz, and Kazuma and Aqua having a small dungeon adventure. Though the dungeon will probably be covered in season 2 because the dungeon is revisited for a fairly major character plot point.
Nobody wants to have the potential collapse of the EU and the UK on their record. Even as an unlikely possibility.
Now I am nowhere near what could be considered "good," but I do play myself a lot of Timbersaw. A few comments to make based on these points: * Obviously whenever possible, attempt to harass AND kill creeps with Whirling Death at the same time (something Badman actually fails to do on one or two occasions in the clips). But Whirling Death's stat drain actually varies depending on the match-up, and you shouldn't always prioritize harassment over last hits depending on the hero. 15% of a hero's base stat (does not include stats from items) will only amount to 5-7 stat points around level 6. This equates to 100-140 max hp for str, 60-84 mana for int, and ~1 armor and 5-7 AS for agi and equivalent damage loss across the board. So basically if they don't regularly use spells as an int hero, or they're an agi hero outright, this harassment tactic is significantly weaker. Also be mindful against str/int that lowering their max hp/mana means bottle restores more if they bottle up while their stats are low and wait for the debuff to fall off. * The Reactive Armor point is noteworthy for ALL Timbersaw players, though I always find it debatable how many points to put into Reactive Armor. When I play mid, I always favor a 2/2/1 build that proceeds to max Timber Chain, because I regularly have no survival problems in lane, 2 points in Whirling Death enables me to harass a bit harder while also securing more last hits, and maxing Chain facilitates ganks better due to the increased range. If you're being heavily harassed or actively plan on diving often, there's merit in more than 1 Reactive Armor. * The idea of using your ult as a surprise is always a clever thing to do on any hero, but I found it funny here because not only did Badman not set up the ranged creep properly to die, but he also attempted a kill on Storm Spirit with a hero that has no lockdown whatsoever. Had Badman *not* screwed up, Storm could have still just decided "fuck this" and ran away. The gank salvages his attempt, but ultimately the engagement could have ended with both him and Storm walking away from each other at low hp. Storm is a bit of a unique case due to his mobility, but perhaps it would have been more prudent to not go for a kill at all and instead use Chakram merely as a harassment tool to better-secure his own farm and possibly set up Storm for a longer gank. * The harassment Badman does in the next point is what I was talking about. Though it should be noted that I'm not entirely sure if he *would* have gotten the kill on Storm Spirit had he not flubbed the cooldown - Storm may have had enough time between Chakram's cast and Chakram's recall to Ball Lightning to safety at ~100 hp, after which he probably would have simply gone back to base instead of sticking around. The Void gank was just improper awareness by the enemy team. * Throwing Chakram at your feet is the same concept as laying down an Ice Wall to escape as Invoker. Basic skill, but useful to keep in mind.
Sent.
Sent.
Sent.
Sent.
Sent.
Lion works quite well due to his mana drain rendering Timber a non-issue and Finger of Death cutting through about half of Timber's hp. Timber can max Reactive Armor to survive, but he still can't do shit without mana. KotL is REALLY good against Timber. Take early points in Mana Leak and you shut him down until he gets a BKB. Timbersaw relies on mobility and mana to deal all of his damage, and Mana Leak is %-based so Timber can NEVER outscale it with a ton of int items. Mana Leak is 5% per 100 units, meaning catching Timber with it as he does a max-range Timber Chain will drain him of ~70% of his mana. Skywrath also does very well because he can harass Timber without stacking Reactive Armor and his silence is a very long duration.
Or throw a Mana Leak on him. People seem to forget he can't do anything without mana.
The problem with trying to mana drain Timber is late-game he's got 2000+ mana. Hence why Mana Leak is so much better - it's %-based. Whether Timber's got 200 or 2000 mana, Timber Chain still drains 70% of it.
The problem with Tinker isn't so much the chain hex, it's the chain hex on top of the traditional Dagon -&gt; Eth Blade build that means he rips through Timber. Timber has no disables, which means a proactive Tinker will almost never be killed by him because Tinker can avoid almost all fights. The only time Tinker wants to fight Timber is on Tinker's terms, which typically means when he's prepared to deal with Timber and has all of the necessary items to burst combo and lock him down.
I'm not entirely familiar with Meepo (never played a game of him in my life), but I could have sworn Earthbind cancels animations when it lands. I don't know if Earthbind ends a chain mid-pull, but I'm pretty sure it can at least cancel the cast point.
&gt;Actually am is very easily killed by timber +1 stun That's why I included him, because Timber needs help. Of course Timber is going to crush people if he has a stun to back him up. He's all burst damage. If Timber couldn't kill a stunned target, he'd be worthless.
I sort of bunched him together in the "heroes with multiple disables" category. Invoker doesn't really counter timber specifically in a lot of ways, he's just got a lot of bullshit.
Season 3 is going to cover the entire Vs. Shiratorizawa arc, which doesn't even start until Chapter 150. If you want to get started on the manga, you could always read up to 150 then stop.
Okay, motherfuckers. **LISTEN UP!** [You see this face?](http://i.imgur.com/GPez0MJ.jpg) [You know why you're gonna vote for this face?](http://i.imgur.com/CYLhEig.jpg) Because your taste isn't shit. Everyone always says it is, but I know for a goddamn fact it isn't. But you don't have to convince me, I believe. Prove *them* wrong. The doubters. The nay-sayers. The Rin voters. That's all that needs to be said. No grand statements or extravagance. Just follow your heart. And to the Rin voters, I have but one thing to say: [she doesn't have anything on Taiga.](http://i.imgur.com/BQQ4ZIc.gif) [DING! DING! DING! LET'S GO BITCHES!](http://i.imgur.com/oIPa12a.jpg) [We're ready.](http://i.imgur.com/pD1oLCK.png) #[VOTE TAIGA AISAKA FOR BEST GIRL 2016](http://i.imgur.com/Tr93oRa.png) [](#toradorable) ^Also ^Winry ^pulling ^it ^out ^with ^a ^clutch ^28 ^votes. ^See? ^Your ^taste ^isn't ^shit, ^/r/anime.
[Taiga lost...](https://media.giphy.com/media/ROF8OQvDmxytW/giphy.gif) [WE DID OUR BEST, DAMNIT.](#toradorasalute)
&gt;This is purely your perception, not actual facts, It literally takes longer for defense to get to the point vs. offense. It is a greater distance. That's not perception. That's fact. That is a number being bigger than another number; that's as factual as a fact can get.
Sudden Death really is atrocious. Favors the Attacking team on every game mode except KotH. I really want to know the statistics on how often Attack wins in Sudden Death vs. Defense. I've only gotten to Sudden Death twice, but Attack won both times.
Well the jungle is literally just another place to be. Another "lane" if you will. The major difference is i Dota doesn't become LoL by having a dedicated jungler any more than it does by running a solo mid or a dual lane carry + support. There are major system differences. Plus Iron Talon will probably get nerfed at some point to make it less viable of a jungling tool. This isn't a new thing - Beastmaster, Tidehunter, etc. all used to rotate to jungle or ancients if they had a rough lane. The only difference is Iron Talon allows just about anyone to do so with reasonable success. But as we've seen lately because of Terrorblade, it's not always a viable strategy to let your opponent go completely uncontested and people will probably adapt if this continues.
Now people know how I feel about Timbersaw. "WE LET HIM FREE FARM WITHOUT HARASSMENT FOR 10 MINUTES AND HOW HE HURTS! OP PLZ NERF" "Yeah... his weakest point is 1-6 and he snowballs off a good laning phase. You're supposed to abuse that so he can't snowball." **I mean seriously guys, do you let AM get a 12-minute Battle Fury then cry he's OP as fuck?**
No. No. No. That's not how this works. You're aware Timbersaw needs levels to make Reactive Armor strong, right? You don't just come out of the gate with +40 armor and hp regen. A proper offlane will harass Timbersaw away from the lane so he can't get xp. If Timbersaw hits level 6 and is just waltzing around lane doing whatever he wants, then you fucked up. You didn't draft supports that could contest him and you didn't harass him nearly enough. Timbersaw's got 0 base armor before Reactive Armor, low attack damage, mediocre starting health, below-average movespeed, and will only have 1 point in Timber Chain before 8 if he's maxing Reactive Armor. **Abuse that.** Don't just sit on your hands the second you see Reactive Armor trigger and say "TOO STRONG, GUESS CAN'T HURT NOW." I've had games as offlane Timber where the enemy support duo was on my dick all game and I was level 3 when the enemy carry was 6. Going 1/1/2 only provides *2 more* armor and regen over the last patch's Reactive Armor - it doesn't get ridiculous until later.
I did forget Pugna but I honestly don't know where Pugna fits into the current meta. Similar with Bloodseeker, but I felt Rupture is such a HUGE counter that it was worth mentioning. As for OD, I don't know what people are doing with OD. Point is he abuses Timbersaw. But yes, KotL. KotL is the key. Throw mana leak on Timber and one chain causes him to lose 70% of his mana, and he can't do shit about it until he gets a BKB (or Eul's).
What I tend to do when mid is 2/2/1/1 and then max chain, just so I can rotate easily. The 2 points in Whirling Death help me harass and last hit just that extra bit harder. I can see the merit for maxing Reactive in mid, but I rarely ever get harassed to the point of needing more than 1 point. So I use my level advantage to get as much damage as possible and either rotate around or flash farm. The one thing I really hate about maxing Reactive is it slows down how fast you can flash-farm by a fair bit.
Like I've seen people not take Mirana ult at 6 because it costs a ton of mana and that extra point may be better-spent on Arrow/Starstorm, but yeah... 11 is excessive.
~~Greaves is an interesting item (truthfully I've only ever gone Greaves once as Timber, for the battle pass quest) but Lotus Orb doesn't really accomplish anything.~~ ~~Aside from the fact that KotL can give himself mana, I would gladly mana leak both of us to ensure Timbersaw loses all of his mana in one spell.~~ So Lotus Orb dispels debuffs on use. Who knew? Not me! Disregard this.
The only Str heroes he's a "direct" counter to are the heroes that REALLY want to use their HP for something - Pudge, Axe, Centaur, etc. Otherwise it's just that Timber gets a bonus for fighting Str.
I really do hope they announce something else with the Splatoon IP soon. It absolutely oozes style and charm, and it's probably my favorite new IP in recent years. It's also one of the few games I still go back to listen to the soundtrack of. Luckily, based on game sales and the fact that they have 2 different manga set in the Splatoon world, it would appear that a lot of people fell in love with Splatoon as well. I'd say the chances of a sequel are high.
You're aware that Mana Leak has a 5-second cooldown if he uses Chakra Magic on himself, right? Meaning KotL can reapply it in every case except BKB, where he must wait for the duration to end. Moreover, the cheapest of those items is 2.7k and is also a lackluster item to rush on Timbersaw. "X item/hero is useless because something which nullifies it exists" is terrible logic. It is true that KotL is not used often right now but that does not invalidate his usefulness as a Timbersaw deterrent.
Funny how Timber jumped an entire tier basically from the TI6 qualifiers alone.
[KonoSuba LN Spoilers](/s "Kazuma eventually just learns to use their relatively small skillsets to the best of his ability while he fills the gaps with a ton of random skills. The most recent volume has a scene where they go to a major city, Kazuma ditches the three girls with three random guys so he can have a peaceful evening, and by the end of the night, Aqua has bankrupted one, Megumin has traumatized another, and Darkness has hospitalized the last. Aqua never gets better but Megumin and Darkness both realize over the course of the series just how reliant they are on Kazuma to make them work as a group.")
Seems like the standard Sombra experience to me.
[LN Spoilers](/s "I know they did something similar with Dust, but I just love how the only difference between it in Volume 2 and Volume 10 is Megumin and Darkness actually realized they kinda fucked up in Volume 10.")
[Bonus.](http://i.imgur.com/tBpR4mf.png)
[LN Spoilers](/s "There are mana gems mages use for a quick burst of mana, but they don't work for Megumin because of how she uses her mana. One explosion spell costs her an entire day's worth of energy, which means a mana gem wouldn't be able to restore nearly enough mana. It would also mean that, if she tried to charge a mana gem, it would mean she can't cast explosion on the same day she charged it. Basically all a mana gem would do is make it so she could walk after casting explosion, but she doesn't want to make them because it'd mean she can't use explosion.") The only way for her to cast explosion twice in the same day is if she's fully recharged, IE by Kazuma draining someone else's mana into her.
It seems like it's monthly but the groups who have been scanlating it have been inconsistent. Sometimes they get it monthly, sometimes a few months are skipped and then everything is done at once.
It can even happen in games that aren't strictly "open world." I remember an interview with one of the ex-Rare devs that had worked on Banjo-Kazooie and Banjo-Tooie, and he said that the tech advancements between the two games made them go more crazy with world size than they should have, and it ended up making Banjo Tooie feel a bit more content-poor. It's a classic case of "you got so caught up in whether or not you *could* that you didn't stop to think if you *should*." The difference is back then, the scale was so small that you could easily double or triple the size of a world and it would be staggering to a player. It's much harder to make a noticeable size increase to a world when they're already incomprehensibly large. When you start having to break out math and real-life measurements to describe how big your world is, it's gone beyond the point of being easily-understood.
Haikyuu: Karasuno suffers a crushing defeat in the current tournament. Third years retire bitterly. Nishinoya breaks his leg and can't play anymore. The team never recovers.
I'm saving all of my energy for the Best Girl contest. [^^^Also ^^^I ^^^can't ^^^use ^^^this ^^^image ^^^during ^^^this ^^^contest.](http://i.imgur.com/U8ndLAj.png) Keepin' it low-energy for now. [Do your best, everybody.](https://i.imgur.com/m4oNpBU.jpg)
Shit like that gets under my skin so much. It doesn't make me instantly drop a manga I've been enjoying but it certainly takes me out of the experience. Especially if the forced drama is a result of some stupid contrivance. Example - [Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou spoilers:](/s "There's a point in Kawaisou where the main guy and the main girl have a bit of conflict between them, and *right* when the girl decides to text him to invite him somewhere to possibly make up, the guy's phone dies so it looked like he was just ignoring her. This misunderstanding gets cleared up within like two chapters but it still ticked me off something fierce. Luckily this is more than halfway in to what's already been released so I was already invested, and the rest of the series thus far is well worth it.")
I know but it's just contrived for the sole reason of causing more drama. It's not like the character was established as habitually forgetting to charge his phone. It's just that three stars aligned to cause grief, for no other reason than to cause grief.
I haven't watched the anime but I glanced through the last episode really quickly and it seems like it covers up to the chapter 28-30 area. The OVA jumps ahead to around chapter 40. There are 78 chapters released thus far. I'd say just read from the beginning, because the art is fantastic and I think some of the scenes and jokes will work better in manga form. There's a lot of additional dialogue outside of speech bubbles that I'm unsure if they'd work in properly.
It's never quite sunk in for me that *that's just his head.* That's not a helmet or a mask or anything, he's just got a bird head.
I just want one pre-game character interaction to be like, "You know, if you didn't want people to think you're a megalomaniacal supervillain, maybe you should have called yourself something other than **DOOM**fist."
Sometimes a critic can be helpful despite not overly explaining much about the game just because you know their tastes. Yahtzee has made it very clear over the years where his tastes lie. So if you're familiar with him, a review of "here's mostly some pedantic shit because I actually quite like it" can be enough.
Unfortunately she'd try to hack one and then an auto-turret would instantly cancel it.
For some particular reason, maybe it was just because of the stuff I was going through at the time of watching, but Toradora hit me *hard.* I normally don't cry, or if I do it's just a little bit of tears for a few minutes at a very sad part. But Toradora sent me into straight bawling for what felt like hours on my first viewing, like it triggered an emotional breakdown. I've rewatched it and it still gets me a bit but nothing close to that first viewing.
There is only one thing I would sacrifice explosions for: a full anime adaptation of the Re:Zero LNs. The whole thing. I will settle for no less.
When the scene cut to the humans extending their hands, I was reminded of the mural in Serious Steven. Also the phrase that is said during this scene ("Take this hurt away!") is especially curious because that's effectively what Pink Diamond did to the humans in her zoo. We know the mural isn't of Pink Diamond because the gem isn't in the right place, but it's just curious.
This year's best girl contest is going to have **both** KonoSuba and Re:Zero girls. Let that sink in for a moment. On that same topic, I decided in advance that I was going to support Megumin wholeheartedly, and figured she'd go up against Rem at some point. Thus, I decided to watch Re:Zero to see what the big fuss was about. I now cannot support Megumin if she faces Rem. I just can't. Megumin beats a lot of people but she does not beat Rem. I've read the KonoSuba LNs and she *still* doesn't beat Rem even before I read the Re:Zero web novel synopses.
I'm not saying Rem will win. But I am saying that after watching Re:Zero, I cannot bring myself to vote against Rem despite having read all of the KonoSuba LNs. I know exactly what happens with Megumin in this season, and it isn't enough to get me to vote against Rem. I will bring a thunderous campaign for Megumin in every other match-up, even against the other Re:Zero girls. But I cannot pull the trigger on Rem. Not even for explosions.
I mean Rem seems pretty okay with polygamy. Or being a mistress. Whichever you prefer. [Re:Zero Web Novel/LN spoilers](/s "They even cut some lines from the tree scene in episode 19. Rem says she's alright with being Subaru's second wife, and he says he'll do it if Emilia tolerates polygamy, to which Rem replies she'll do her best to convince Emilia. Here's a link to the translated scene, courtesy of /u/lemonwater123 and the people over at /r/re_zero: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mm0aKt8QLzewHrT69l4cBIpcdWUJmwtu_0blwJ4yS80/edit")
More specifically, Wiz's explosion is effectively one giant clean blast whereas Megumin's is rough and creates a lot of shrapnel. That's how Megumin figures out that Wiz's is stronger - she was able to utterly disintegrate everything she hit. [KonoSuba LN Volume 9 Spoilers](/s "'course some time later Megumin's explosion is bar-none the best in the world because she doesn't level anything else.")
A lot of Boku no Hero Academia's characters have rather punny or otherwise clever names relating their kanji to their quirk. Uraraka's quirk is Zero Gravity and parts of her name mean lightness, cheerfulness, and gravity. Bakugo's quirk is Explosions and his name relates to pride and explosions. The "Shoto" in "Todoroki Shoto" literally means "Burnt+Frozen" as his quirk is the ability to control fire with one side of his body and ice with the other. My favorite character name is coming in season 2 but you actually see his name below Midoriya's in the entrance exam in season 1: [BnHA Season 2/Manga spoilers](/s "Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu - all four tetsus written with different kanji. His quirk is the ability to turn his body to steel, and tetsu means steel.")
[Re:Zero Anime/LN/Web Novel Spoilers](/s "Well this takes place after Rem's confession and Subaru's declaration of love for Emilia. Basically, Subaru doesn't know Emilia's feelings, but he and Rem both know he's placed Emilia first in his mind despite him caring equally for Rem and Emilia. Rem is saying she wants to marry Subaru but knows he'd have to court Emilia first or he wouldn't marry at all. Subaru is saying that in the event he does manage to win Emilia's heart, then he'd agree to Rem's proposal if he had Emilia's consent. The beginning of Arc 4 of the web novel makes it clear that Subaru refuses to let his feelings for Rem or Emilia eclipse one another, but his devotion to helping her is what brings Emilia to #1. She was there first, even if Rem is equally-deserving. If given the option he'll choose both, but if he has to choose between the two, then he'll choose Emilia. It also makes it clear that Emilia is equally-aware of Subaru's feelings for both Rem and herself. As for if Emilia loves Subaru, all I'll say is that it's clear that some emotion is forming by the end of the anime.")
[The whole scene, for anyone curious.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDamWhiox_0)
&gt;Understand why she dislikes nanako, it's natural. Through Mana's train of thought it's natural, but following that mindset requires you to realize Mana is a *massive bitch.* What did Mana do earlier? Asked Nanako to support her. And she did, despite Mana's own idiocy. What was Nanako supposed to do? Say "I know Toda doesn't like you, you're making a mistake."? From what we've seen so far of Mana's personality, that wouldn't have gone over well either. Mana fucking knew from the outset Toda didn't like her and this whole thing was a desperate attempt to make him see her as something more than a friend. And apparently the fact that it blew up in her face is all Nanako's fault because Nanako didn't shake Mana by the shoulders while saying "DON'T BE A MORON, MORON!"
[Secret picture of Storm Spirit in Ball Lightning without the lightning obscuring him.](https://i.imgur.com/hqjSI8c.jpg)
[Re:Zero LN/Web Novel Spoilers:](/s "If you want to pick a 'winner' then it's Emilia but that's not really how it works in Re:Zero. The anime didn't make it as much of a point, but the written works stress that Subaru feels equally for Emilia and Rem, but he'll pick Emilia because she came first and he promised to help her first. If Subaru can choose both, he will - he even says he'll marry Rem if Emilia tolerates polygamy (after Rem brings it up saying she'd be okay with being his second wife) in a scene that got cut from the anime. So it's less that Emilia won and more that they tied, but they're listed by alphabetical order.")
[Re:Zero LN/WN Spoilers:](/s "It's a really strange arrangement that he's got going on. In Arc 3, he tells both Rem and Emilia that he loves Emilia. He also tells Rem that, despite his feelings for Emilia, Rem makes him feel the same way Emilia does (IE he loves her too - this is where polygamy is brought up). In Arc 4, he tells Emilia he loves Rem as well as reaffirms his love for Emilia. He also tells Beatrice (and others, I think) that Emilia is #1 in his heart, Rem is #2, he loves Emilia and Rem equally, and nothing can come before them. I think the reason his feelings for Rem are emphasized in Arc 4 is because, not only is it valuable time for Subaru to reflect on everything that's happened, but it's also the author's way of showing how Rem is still guilding Subaru's actions even when she's unable to participate in the story.")
Excuse me, our taste doesn't suck. Our taste is *shit.* Get it right.
Tetsu^4
Yeah, he misspelled Hatsume Mei.
[Best girl's even better without the school jumpsuit.](http://i.imgur.com/9cdpbkb.png)
I thought that the Kokiri only became Koroks as a blessing from the Great Deku Tree to be able to survive and traverse the world after it was flooded, similar to how the gods turned the Zora into the Rito. So if there's no flooding and no Great Sea, there wouldn't be a need for Koroks, right?
&gt; the Zora, who should easily survive a massive flood. The Zora *don't exist* in the Wind Waker timeline because they became the Rito. When the gods flooded Hyrule, they turned the Zora (the only sapient race capable of surviving in flooded Hyrule) into Rito so that no being would be able to reach the kingdom. Additionally, very little natural life remains in the Great Sea because it is full of evil. Which is why it's baffling that the trailer shows both Zora and Rito in the same universe. They shouldn't exist at the same time. Similarly, the Koroks only exist because of the flood, so the Koroks shouldn't exist in the same universe as the Zora either. Gorons also don't exist in the Wind Waker timeline, nor should the Gerudo. BotW is certainly shaping up to be... odd. Seeing where it fits into the grand Zelda timeline will be interesting.
But then where do the Rito and the Koroks come from? They shouldn't exist before the flood.
I had forgotten there were Goron in Wind Waker, to be honest. Didn't remember them at all and just assumed they were wiped out since they're not exactly water-friendly people. As for why I said the Gerudo can't exist, it's because the desert in which they lived is flooded. If they joined the Hylians and evacuated to the mountains, then they interbred and became not-Gerudo anymore. While it's possible they did travel far away, we certainly haven't heard any tales of an all-female band of pirates or whatever roaming the Great Sea.
...He's Russian. His real name is Peter Rasputin. He grew up in Russia. Also, the actor that played him is ~~Ukrainian~~ Serbian, so that accent is real. Were you expecting him to sound like a New Yorker?
[Ben Briggs has a Tank! remix that I consider to be one of the few that does justice to the original.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_fOQFDHYH0) It's fantastic.
The Gerudo aren't really explained at all as far as I know. Only one male Gerudo is born every hundred years, and he becomes their king. So in order to actually procreate, they *have* to go get men from outside the clan. That would mean every generation of Gerudo should get less-and-less Gerudo-like... but they don't. Like if you started with 100% pureblood Gerudo and every generation needs non-Gerudo men to progress (let's say Hylians for simplicity), then after two generations, the "Gerudo" children would be 75% Hylian. More likely the curious case of their gender-lock is the result of a curse or spell, rather than genetics. But that's never been elaborated on. As far as we know, they're otherwise-normal humans. Regardless, it doesn't seem like the Gerudo exist in the Wind Waker timeline. Either they died out or went into hiding.
Seconded.
Ah, my mistake. I thought I'd read elsewhere he was Ukrainian.
[Everybody say it with me now.](http://i.imgur.com/AajeLuq.png)
I liked that joke better than the one they used in the manga. &gt; "Are you gonna make her new Dullahan friends, sensei?" &gt; "Huh?" &gt; "Because the principal's gonna *lose his head* when he hears about this!"
[You might know everything I'm going to do, but that's not going to help you since I know everything you're going to do! STRANGE, ISN'T IT!?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiEwmiPSmto)
Here's the problem with that: * Stardew Valley, I Am Setsuna, and Sonic Mania are not exclusives and thus aren't a draw for the console. And two of the three have been out for ages so most people who had interest in them have likely already played them. * Mario Kart 8 is already out on the Wii U, and Breath of the Wild is coming to both. * Xenoblade Chronicles 2 and Shin Megami Tensei aren't coming out in 2017. If you're looking at killer-app games that are exclusive to the Switch and coming in 2017, you have... Splatoon 2 and Super Mario Odyssey. That's it. I don't really count Fire Emblem Warriors as a "killer-app."
Yeah but even among goddesses she's dead-last.
Does this entire chapter count as one huge betrayal or one long series of smaller betrayals?
[Spoilers referring to the meta spoilers picture](/s "To be fair on that last one, Alibaba was the one that knew Morgiana both longer and better. Wasn't a contest.")
[LN/Web Novel](/s "Basically yeah. He loves both Rem and Emilia equally (and both know this). Rem says she's fine with being his second wife, and he says he's fine with it if Emilia is okay with polygamy. Unfortunately we've got little progression towards that end since the anime ended because Rem has been in a coma for three arcs.")
"It makes me feel... important."
No idea, as I've never bought one myself.
For me, it's gotta be Inuyasha. I was a kid in the Toonami era and had a passing interest in DBZ, but it didn't get me enthralled with anime because I saw it more as an action cartoon than an entirely different form of media. Sailor Moon probably would have done a better job at sucking me in, but it carried the stigma of a "girl's show" so I avoided it. Inuyasha was airing on Adult Swim right around the time that I was in middle school and actually had the willpower and freedom to stay up and watch it on the weekends. And looking back on it, the reason it grabbed me the way it did was because it lured me in with demons and over-the-top strength and all that, and then proceeded to *actually* be a romance story disguised as a battle anime. An Isekai one at that, which is surprisingly relevant given the current trend of anime about high schoolers trapped in a fantasy world. There was blood, there was swearing, there was perversion, there was intimate romance, there was everything enticing to an adolescent boy that simultaneously wouldn't be shown by "normal" western cartoons. Pokemon was the first anime I watched, DBZ was the first anime I could appreciate as good, and Inuyasha was the first anime that made me think "maybe these aren't just cartoons."
[LN/Web Novel spoilers](/s "I'll put it this way: Emilia and Rem tied, but they're displayed in alphabetical order. Emilia only won because Subaru met her and promised to help her before he ever met Rem, let alone came to love her. As far as Subaru is concerned, his love for them is equal. Actually, in a scene that got trimmed from the anime but was in the White Whale arc, Subaru and Rem basically agree that he'd marry Rem after Emilia if Emilia was okay with polygamy. The problem with a second season 'comeback' is Rem falls into a coma at the end of Arc 3 (literally chapters after the anime ends) due to reasons and as of Arc 6 (work-in-progress), she is still unconscious.")
The manga is actually just an adaptation of a LN side story volume. There are various... places... where you can find the LN translated.
If I remember correctly from the LNs, Megumin is "almost" 14 by the most recent episode and Kazuma is 16. [LN/S2Ep2 Spoilers](/s "In the LN version of the s2ep2 bath scene, Megumin asks why Kazuma doesn't see her as a girl and he mentions his 'strike zone' is between -2 and +3 years (so 14 to 19) and when Megumin mentions she's almost 14, he suddenly realizes he's in the bath with a girl.")
They probably have enough right now, honestly. I've seen other manga get adapted with less content, and this one even has the fireworks arc as a good end-point for a season.
[Oh she knows.](http://imgur.com/a/mLFeS)
There's a difference between coming up with your own language and coming up with what is effectively a cipher for an existing language. Simple ciphers are easy to make - kids can do it for fun. Making your own language is ludicrous, as can be demonstrated by [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4bmZ1gRqCc) about the differences between counting systems in different languages (let alone entire codices of speech rules).
Did you die? Did you have to heal or stop inflicting extra damage to yourself to avoid death? If your answer was no to both of those, then health didn't matter that game.
I just started reading this today. Was the lack of updates due to nobody scanlating it, or because there were actual gaps in publication?
I guess people wanted tier sets *inspired* by the tier 6 sets, not just graphical upgrades.
[And what do we say to normies?](http://i.imgur.com/ECt8GcV.png)
[NANI SORE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cx0Lyhm-aSc)
&gt;Fight me! Nah Rem will do that for us, and she will *fucking murder you.*
Best Girl: Rem Worst Girl: Satella Best Guy: Wilhelm Worst Guy(s): The three alley stooges Best Felix: Felix Honorable mention of adorableness goes to [Mimi.](http://i.imgur.com/hEmS47Q.gif)
How fast do these things usually sell out? I've been going back and forth over whether or not to preorder it because I'll probably forget I even ordered it by the time it ships. And if I don't get billed until it ships, I don't like the idea of a surprise $60 charge that I forgot I set up 7 months ago. If they don't sell out fast I might as well not even preorder it, or not preorder it until a few weeks before it releases.
[Why the hell not.](https://myanimelist.net/profile/Daniel_Is_I)
[61.6%](#kinirohug)
2.3% with 31 shared. I have no strong feelings one way or the other.
&gt;how come Blizzard didn't find and fix this during release testing? Because it's Blizzard. If you've played WoW at all in the past decade or so, it's very apparent that Blizzard doesn't really have *that* much of an idea of what they're doing when it comes to balance. The same could be said for Overwatch, for Starcraft, etc. Across Blizzard as a whole, the way the company is structured seems to run counterproductive to the idea of strong internal balance. They make baffling decisions and release them, only to be told what they **should** have done ten minutes later by the community. Then they take nine months to fix it. Like look at Surrender to Madness in WoW. S2M is a talent that should have been noticeably problematic to ANYONE who was remotely familiar with any dps spec in WoW, let alone Shadow Priests. I haven't played a day of Shadow Priest in my life, but when the Legion beta went up and I checked on the Spriest changes, I saw S2M and thought "yep that's gonna be a problem." Lo and behold, since S2M was added, Spriests have been in balance hell where Blizzard is constantly struggling to get them to an equilibrium largely thanks to S2M's existence. The same thing happened to Ret Paladins, to Rogues, to Warlocks, to Hunters, etc. not just in Legion but across the entirety of WoW. "Shouldn't the company that makes this game be able to tell that this is a bad decisions? I can tell it's a bad decision with five minutes of thought. And I know I'm not wrong because this sentiment is shared by both casual players and the big name theorycrafters from top echelons of play." I have never said this to myself about any other company as often as I have about Blizzard. I just don't understand.
&gt;This is a shift for me personally, but I don’t think the Warsong Commander nerf went over very well in the community You think? Edit - Also: &gt;When Donais says he thinks Tirion is better, what he means is he’s probably looking at the statistics and he knows for a fact. [Laughs] I'm interested to see what statistics they looked at when discussing the "best card in the game." Because if we're talking purely the winrate of games where Card X is played, Tirion would obviously have the advantage. Fiery War Axe is played in nearly every Warrior deck and is cheap-enough and versatile-enough to be played in almost every game, win or lose. Tirion, on the other hand, can't really be considered that way because you physically cannot play Tirion in games where you get rushed down before turn 8.
Storm and Timber both get their primary mobility+utility skill disabled by root, and they're not deleted from the game.
Kanna actually does hide her horns and tail when in human form, if I remember correctly. No idea why Tohru doesn't.
It's like an Akantor and a Zinogre had a baby. And that baby was bigger than both of them.
Boy get super powers, becomes hero.
http://megum.in/ For your viewing pleasure.
&gt; Kazuma not letting Megumin drink is oddly adorable. It's quite a silly juxtaposition whenever he forces his modern society beliefs on their "medieval" world. Megumin is almost 14, which is just about old enough to be married off in ye olden days. He probably seems incredibly prudish by their standards, despite is perversion.
[LN Spoilers](/s "I don't think it's ever implied he feels that way about Darkness. Whenever something happens there's always a heavy emphasis placed on the physical attraction aspect, not so much the emotional. Basically, I think he finds her sexy, but not someone he'd want to be in a relationship with. Megumin, on the other hand, seems to be someone he's far more comfortable with. The closest thing I remember him saying to admitting he has feelings for Darkness is when he's mulling over the notion that both may like him, and he's considering the possibilities of both 'routes.' As for Aqua, she was never a romantic interest so he has nothing to worry about on that front.")
I've never really paid much attention to the group. If a manga catches my interest, I go after it. If there's more than one group doing it (which there usually isn't), I go with whichever one comes out first unless it's poor quality. The case of Mangastream scanlating the last chapter of Nisekoi was a rather-unique case of a group taking the last chapter of a popular series solely for views. In cases where two groups are just competing and scanlating the same manga, I usually don't consider the competition. There are like three groups doing Magi right now and Sense Scans usually feels like it's the highest-quality of all of the groups. But if they're too slow with their releases then I'll read it from whichever group isn't garbage quality that comes out sooner.
Well that's what happens when Blizzard decides to help a class. ...and then they decide to help everyone else but manage to fuck it up so spectacularly that they help the Shamans again by mistake.
...huh. NTR. Have to wonder if that's intentional or if they were just woefully unaware when they named the damn thing.
You sir are a gentleman and a scholar.
Okay I've watched plenty of slice of life so I feel like I should know this but I have to ask: When does the school year start and end for the average Japanese high school? As in, when do first years start, when do first years become second years, when do second years become third years, and when do third years graduate? Because I've seen plenty of anime and manga where you have the new first years rotating in, but it already seems like the second and third years had already been attending school for that year for at least a few weeks. I know Japan doesn't have one long summer break like American schools, but thinking about it gives me the feeling that each "grade" starts at a different time during the year.
Wait until round 13. Five Alchemists with 10k hp each just run you down. Dark Seer's wall also doesn't copy them. I think you NEED Phoenix for that round just for the % damage. We got to this stage with DS + Underlord + Medusa + Sniper + Techies, but didn't have NEARLY enough damage to clear them. Edit: it seems like some of the hero enemies are immune to Phoenix's sun ray. I'd wager Alchemist is as well.
Kirin was a massive pain in the ass for me to fight in 4U. Unless I was using a GS I couldn't even consistently break its horn before I killed it. In Generations, Aerial DBs kick the shit out of it.
[Re:Zero Spoiler](/s "I mean in a roundabout way she does. Thrice.")
Rem's already up there so I second [Megumin.](http://puu.sh/tzRtn/b3f4d7e497.jpg)
Also nothing on Psylocke Scans' site. ~~Do you have a link to chapter 50?~~ Thanks! Edit: [Shoved it all into an imgur album.](http://imgur.com/a/tNnzh)
I thought about it but didn't want to step on anyone's toes in case they planned for a release with the extras Jag didn't have time to do yet.
"How will we show that this guy is a sciencey guy?" "Give him a potion and... I dunno, E=mc^2 on his shirt." BRILLIANT.
[It was an admirable attempt.](https://gfycat.com/ComplicatedPessimisticKudu)
Fun fact: with 95% spellvamp and Radiance hitting 5 heroes with base magic resistance, QoP heals for ~214 hp/s. If you have 3k hp, Heart's passive is only 210 hp/s (and it doesn't work in combat). For further comparison, Chemical Rage only gives 100 hp/s at max rank. Now I'm not advising you pick up a Radiance but it is quite silly. Also, it might be time to start picking AA versus QoP.
When I originally heard the concept of Evolve, I had envisioned something like the hunters touching down and having to figure out what the monster was from its footprints and what it was eating (perhaps certain monsters couldn't eat certain animals). So yes, neither side would have any idea what the other was going to actually be so you couldn't just pick hunters that directly countered a specific monster. Another small hope I had was something that allowed the monsters to better-evade the hunters. An example would be being able to use a ranged attack to trigger birds from far away, and then head in the opposite direction. Imagine my disappointment when I got into the first open beta, picked Goliath, threw a rock at birds, and they didn't even move. At the end of the day I was expecting a game that allowed for more planning and forethought, when in reality it turned out to just be one big chase sequence in almost every game.
I thought you were exaggerating (and you were a bit) but the Hat In Time Kickstarter launched on May 29th, 2013 and was funded one day later. So it's been nearly four years since the "announcement" of development and the game is slated for a 2017 release. It's certainly been a long time coming. It's no surprise that buzz around the game has died down since, given that both higher-profile releases and just general kickstarter fatigue have happened in the mean time. That being said, if the game comes out and is good then I don't think there will be any complaints despite the long development time.
That competition is called the Best Girl Contest and it happens during the summer. Whichever gets a higher seed placement wins.
On the topic of roots, it's hilarious how the change to roots completely flipped the switch on Meepo vs. Timbersaw. Before the change to roots, Meepo virtually couldn't touch Timber. If you didn't manage to catch him with a net in the middle of his chain, he'd just chain away and you'd poof on nothing. Meanwhile he could just turn around, rip off your head, and shit down your open neck hole because Timber gives no shits about your extra magic resistance. Now, if Meepo catches you on Timber, you're fucking dead. There is nothing you can do unless you have an item that dispels you like Lotus Orb/Euls/BKB.
Slanderous libel and heresy.
Which means from KonoSuba we can get Megumin, Aqua, Darkness, Wiz, and Eris! Perfect!
[Hmm...](http://i.imgur.com/CMRgSQp.jpg)
Oh look who can see into the past, it's Papadrascha! ✘ Pasapradscha! ✘ Padrapascha! ✘ Papscharada! ✘ Padrapascha! ✘ ...Pad-pa-rad-scha? **✓**
Stuck Together also wasn't "leaked." It was released officially on the app.
Megumin may have my campaign support but I'll be rooting for Rem at every possible opportunity. There is no greater opponent for the number one Arch Wizard of the Crimson Magic Clan than a demon.
&gt;Aqua, but no Megumin. &gt;Emilia, but no Rem. You poor, poor boy.
I was wondering if there was going to be an official rewatch. I haven't seen it but wanted to watch before season 2 came out, and figured doing it alongside a rewatch would be fun.
All I'll say is what tomorrow's episode covers is among my top 3 favorite character moments of the entire series in the manga. And it's going to be even better adapted.
Well if you made it through Alfheim then nothing's worse than that.
Thanks. I didn't even spell Odin right - I did the spelling of a character in WoW. So I was wrong on two fronts!
I bet at some point even a guy will throw his hat into the ring! Oh the hijinks we'll have.
I've recently been practicing my Tracer and I swear to god I've died more to random scattershots than half of the other heroes combined.
Well we've seen him without his quirk on before. He just doesn't have his well-defined mustache and beard yet.
He's given her that same non-answer before and she told him then that she doesn't like when he's not clear and direct. This time she nearly speared him with a pipe.
Read it recently, wholeheartedly recommend it.
Earlier today I got my grav surge reflected back at me. I shot it at the ground. Genji was double-jumping over my head. What the fuck.
Elimination Day is on the horizon. It is our duty to ensure Megumin, number one Arch Wizard of the Crimson Magic Clan, receives first seed. [READY YOURSELVES, THE CAMPAIGN BEGINS TOMORROW.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RXomI65nek&amp;feature=youtu.be)
Well it managed to convince me. Curse my easily-persuaded psyche.
&gt; make it kill momentum and stop breaking over random terrain. Then we're back to Hook 1.0 where he grabs people around walls, through terrain, on the other side of the planet. The cycle continues.
Senpai is doing her best to repress every memory associated with Shiro.
Well yeah but the point is they're both dicks.
Well that'll be useful during this year's contest. Saved.
A few days ago I typed a bunch of wrong versions of her name as a joke so the correct version has been burned into my memory ever since.
What I don't understand is how he alone could cause 10 million casualties if the Talented are the enemy. His Talent was negating other Talents. Which means if he doesn't fight other Talented people, he's no greater than a human. But if the Talented are the enemy, then they shouldn't have any Talented among normal society! Or at least any strongly-Talented people who his Talent would actually be of great use against. I see literally no way his talent could be used against normal people. Unless they're referring casualties he caused by leading the Talented since his Talent (god it's really hard to not just call them Quirks) means he can control them. Something doesn't add up and I don't like it. Surely rather than *murdering him,* it would have been better to try to convert him. Since we've already established his Talent doesn't do shit to normal people so someone with a gun could just shoot him in the head at any point if he refuses.
I'm honestly happier about this than I would have been about a Pokemon "Stars" announcement. I really liked the Black 2/White 2 style of direct sequel in the same generation, because it lets us explore the region and see what happened down the line. They didn't say if it would be taking place years after, only that it was an "alternate story in the Alola region." BUT IMAGINE THE POSSIBILITIES! GUZMA COULD BE A TRIAL CAPTAIN NOW! Alola was my favorite region and I'm glad we're going back.
Because you flick the scroll wheel down and it registers you pressing jump six times in the time it'd take you to mash spacebar twice with your thumb.
&gt;How do you use Scroll wheel? How do you continuously wallride like that? By also having jump bound to space. If I want to ride continuously, I'll use space. If I want to jump on and off quickly to get a boost, I'll use scroll wheel.
[But be wary of her power.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nU2rFQ1v8zY)
Pulled six out of my folders. [1.](https://gfycat.com/EllipticalAdoredAfricanaugurbuzzard) [2.](http://i.imgur.com/VDCPAoP.gif) [3.](http://i.imgur.com/evjOHFC.gif) [4.](http://i.imgur.com/g8JWMzl.gif) [5.](http://i.imgur.com/PQPTu2B.gif) [6.](http://i.imgur.com/uW330qS.gif)
[Link doesn't work for me either but it might be this one.](http://i.imgur.com/KP2KD0Q.png)
I mean... Lucio is meant to be Brazillian, so it feels like they still failed conveying on some level since everyone assumes he's just a black guy.
[Indeed it is.](http://i.imgur.com/wx5ydLC.png) Let's aim for that First Seed position!
Oh no, he's delusional. [](#laughter)
Depends. Is Swimmer oppai megane? No? Then yes, it is too much to ask!
&gt; Don't know her but damn your cute looks transcends my ignorance of you...votes This is usually my go-to method in the head-to-head brackets if I don't know either character. But there are just too damn many entrants this time around to do it in the elimination stage.
I saw it once before, and it was a damn good spot. Snuck behind enemy lines and heard the generator but I couldn't find it. Cue 30 seconds of me running around hiding from people running out of spawn until I find the damn thing. And then I proceeded to hop down, kill it, turn around, and see Genji staring at me about to kill me. Panic-stuck him with a pulse bomb and jumped to my death.
&gt; Interesting that Kureichirou is not actually the real one but i was liking the Ebisugawa not being evil :( Well being led by an impostor does give them a degree of unwitting pawn, although Ginkaku and Kinkaku are still going to be idiots regardless. I wouldn't be surprised if the mystery dude Yajirou met was the real Kureichirou. They went out of their way to obscure his face, so he's obviously someone important who we'd somehow recognize despite him being new. If he has those telltale lines around his eyes then he's an Ebisugawa.
Xbox One X sounds like a horrible name... Xbone wasn't enough. Now it's going to be the xBonex.
WE DID IT REDDIT!
[As someone who pushed for the #1 seed,](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/6gblsa/best_girl_4_a_certain_salty_railgun_elimination/diozv6p/?st=j3tawg8c&amp;sh=ae7f27cc) I couldn't be happier. I eagerly await all challengers.
&gt;Smiling Diana is best Diana. [Indeed it is.](https://gfycat.com/UnderstatedTightBovine) Now if only we can have a second season so we get more than two episodes of that Diana and Akko friendship.
Main-series games are likely still Nintendo-exclusive. Rumor has it this is a game developed primarily for the west, tied in to the movie. They showed drastically different combat, and absolutely no co-op which has always been the biggest draw of Monster Hunter.
Doesn't mean it's a main-series game or even developed for the same demographic. Rumor has it this is developed with a far more western demographic in mind, tying in to the movie. They didn't mention co-op. Co-op has been the driving force of the main series since its creation.
&gt; There is no reason to not develop for PC, Xbox, PS4, and Switch. You're aware Nintendo explicitly pays Capcom for main-series games to remain exclusive, right? That's how most exclusives work.
Fucking weeb.
I was partly worried because they were explicitly cutting past any potential combat. He literally swung twice at the monster in the whole trailer, and both were jump attacks. I understand why they didn't showcase combat if they didn't have a lot of new stuff to show, but they could have at least had a few seconds of a hunter dodging an attack and following up with a charge slash or something. Fighting the monster is like 70% of the MH sandwich.
&gt;and why wouldn't you Because I find a strange, sickening joy in out-shittalking my enemies to the point where THEY mute ME.
&gt; but getting the series destroyed with endless waifu-wars and supreme shitposting is the last thing i want. The fuck do you call what we currently have, then?
It's interesting how many design decisions stem from the seemingly innocuous change of making the entire map seamless rather than area-based. At a first glance they just made the map bigger and removed the loading screens. But it seems that the entire inclusion of stealth is a result of those removed loading screens. No longer can you dip into the next area if you need to sharpen, or if an invading monster spotted you. Because the "next area" doesn't exist and the monsters will chase you, so you NEED a way to ditch them or prevent them from spotting you in the first place. When I initially saw the trailer, I was a bit worried because they chose to demonstrate the stealth mechanics against small monsters first. This concerned me because I'm used to small monsters being cannon fodder - little more than a nuisance that I either kill or run past, barely even worth my time to carve if I did kill them. This is also demonstrated by the fact that basically the first large monster in every MH game is a -drome or a Great -ggi/-prey, setting the dynamic of a large monster supported by small minions. The idea of needing to *hide* from small monsters boggled my mind because most of them are non-factors and they shouldn't be a threat that you care about triggering. But now that you can't just run from them as easily, it might just be easier to dive into a bush and throw on a ghillie mantle.
[Good heavens!](http://i.imgur.com/svrECAb.png) [Would you look at the time!](http://i.imgur.com/txbL6e1.jpg) Ayumi Takahara? I suppose that's a fine name, although it doesn't hold a candle to [Megumin!](http://i.imgur.com/QvziJmw.jpg) Eldest daughter of Yuiyui and Hyoizaburoo, and number one Arch Wizard of the Crimson Magic Clan! Now I don't know a damn thing about The World God Only Knows beyond what I've scarcely read from synopses. Can't be assed, really. But from what I gather, some of the characters have spirits or gods within them? Ha! Not only does Megumin have a goddess [as a party member](http://i.imgur.com/8aJlWiJ.png) and [comrade,](http://i.imgur.com/s8UFIdF.gif) but she has proven her superiority over this goddess time and time again! But even without this, [she has her own godly force sealed within her being.](http://i.imgur.com/yfwL0V6.jpg) As if whatever this "Ayumi" can do could possibly compare! [Whatever flags you may trip,](http://i.imgur.com/aG8JZgf.jpg) [whatever tools you may use,](http://i.imgur.com/EhucGPP.jpg) [whatever strategy you may have,](http://i.imgur.com/cMHcupl.jpg) [whatever assets you may flaunt,](https://gfycat.com/ParallelGlamorousAxisdeer) there is only [one](http://i.imgur.com/OJLliRi.jpg) [possible](http://i.imgur.com/0xT0CBF.jpg) [outcome!](http://i.imgur.com/LwJFBg7.jpg) --- [*^^Cue ^^theme ^^song*](https://soundcloud.com/theghg92/konosuba-ost-explosion) Repeat after me: Oh, blackness shrouded in light Frenzied blaze clad in night In the name of the Crimson Demons, Let the collapse of thine origins manifest. Summon before me the root of thy power hidden within the lands, Of the kingdoms of demise! #[**EXPLOSION!**](https://gfycat.com/DimwittedLittleIndianpangolin)
Apparently gods are matryoshka dolls.
I voted for Holo because she's just about the only person in the bracket that can even pose a threat to Megumin. As a Megumin supporter, I DEMAND TOUGHER CHALLENGERS!
Next bracket A is going to be fantastic because of one thing: Nonon vs. Renge. A musical battle of epic proportions.
At this point we're just coasting until we steamroll Holo and the **true** competition begins. The anti-jerk is weak now, but soon it well swell with the ranks of the fallen.
&gt;HOW CAN YOU CHOOSE A CHARACTER AS ANNOYING AS MAKO OVER SAN [Allow me to offer this as a rebuttal.](http://i.imgur.com/NEak9N8.gif)
&gt;Protect this smile, r/anime. Believe in the magic of your dreams. [A believing heart is my magic!](https://gfycat.com/UnderstatedTightBovine)
I will vote against every single one of these clone fucks no matter how shitty their opponent is. You already won, get the hell out of this contest!
And here I was about to post your LWA one almost exactly.
Did you like the first season? If so, then you'll like the second. More of the same, with a few twists and turns. I'm greatly enjoying myself. The first season also had a bit of a slow start if you remember.
[DIANA WON!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvKbRuXwkRw)
[DIANA WON!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvKbRuXwkRw)
[LWA Spoilers](/s "It's a plot point that at a certain point in Diana's childhood, she lost all of her magical ability and had to work very hard to get to the point she's at now.")
[No fake Yasaburou ohoho and then real Benten ohoho as far as I could tell.](https://streamable.com/qqk6j)
I would have... but she's up against Momo.
&gt;So...who's gonna explain how Togame lost in that matchup? http://i.imgur.com/69U1ge6.png
Jump, charge, and be reserved with your dodges. KC can barely dodge at all normally, but he can do a wide quickstep dodge in two situations: 1. When you have your arms charged up. You can quickstep for as long as they remain charged, up to four times in a row with a max-duration charge. 2. Just after landing from a jump, you can quickstep twice in a row. Additionally, you have enough charge duration after landing to dodge once and throw one charged punch. Combined with the fact that KC has very fast-moving and wide jump arcs, and you can very easily jump to the side, land, dodge, and throw out a charged punch to try to sweep around someone. KC is very much about baiting out your opponent's swings and punishing them with a charged hit. Electric-element arms work very well on him because of this, and I'd almost always recommend using one. He has a 170-damage grab so a quick electric hit followed by a grab does plenty of damage. Don't spam the grab, just use it to punish in a situation where they can't possibly counter it.
Y'know I wanted a bigger battle with the giant knock-off red eyes black dragon, but this is fine too.
&gt;[the poor gal :(](http://i.imgur.com/8vn1iu8.png) I've never seen a picture that so perfectly encompasses all of the evil, meticulously-planning characters in anime.
Uchouten Kazoku.
[LET'S DO THIS!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RXomI65nek) I may have completely forgotten to prepare anything for today's campaign, but I shall not be deterred! I expect nothing less than absolute victory against... *looks up opponent* Chiho Sasaki! ^^^Who ^^^the ^^^hell ^^^is ^^^she? Anyway, let's just do our best and get &gt;10k votes this round too, alright? [](#meguminthumbsup) In fact, I'm so confident, that I'm going to draw attention to another battle entirely: --- #A MUSICAL BATTLE OF EPIC PROPORTIONS! Nonon versus Non Non! [Nyanpasu](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pI3peeGxpAU) versus [Nani Sore!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cx0Lyhm-aSc) Who should you vote for? Hell if I know! I'm just here to watch the carnage.
I eagerly await the clash between Wolf and Explosion. [**She's got my vote**](#meguminthumbsup)
[I'm sorry, you appear to be confused.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RXomI65nek) Now come with me. We have a nice padded cell for you, right over here.
To play devil's advocate for a moment, the rumors that proved to be true about what world actually was (new seamless world MH game for the PS4/XB1/PC) were the same rumors that said it was more casual and westernized. And the devs themselves didn't really say it was Monster Hunter 5 until a few days after the reveal. Community still blew it out of proportion, though.
And thus concludes yet another round of **ABSOLUTE DECIMATION.** [**&gt;10k Votes**](#meguminthumbsup) [Fear the face that will slaughter your girl.](http://i.imgur.com/oufSQkP.jpg) --- NOW IS THE TIME, BROTHERS! Today, we bring down a Keion with the power of [DATABASE!](http://i.imgur.com/Px1LmJU.gif) [DATABASE!](http://imgur.com/HdbJaPE) Give Akatsuki your votes. She deserves them.
&gt; This is your chance reddit to protect her smile Y'know what, I'm gonna say it. #**Some smiles aren't worth protecting.** [](#evilgrin)
&gt; It is sad that a lot of them seem to undervalue Nadeko and Ougi :( Because one is worst snek and the other, while spooky, isn't even a girl! [](#hajimepout)
I can't tell if that's an argument for or against recency bias.
Jesus christ I know Smurf can be abrasive (no offense Smurf) but I've never seen anyone get so upset over someone's opinion on anime. It's like watching a dog bark at a TV.
Diana got shitrocked... [](#lwahorror2) AKKO CAN STILL SURVIVE, THOUGH! [DON'T LOSE YOUR YAY!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvKbRuXwkRw)
You make a compelling argument. *Votes Aoi.*
It's match-ups like these where votes actually do matter. [I'm doing my part!](http://i.imgur.com/cMfkFGP.mp4)
He also suggested not voting Rem. **OFF WITH HIS HEAD.**
Support for Taiga has certainly not risen with the increase in the contest's popularity. Though she's still managed a top 8 finish in the 2nd and 3rd contests after only making top 16 in the 1st. Three years ago, she had fierce support. Someone [gilded](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/2fy6be/best_girl_contest_111_you_can_not_cheat_day_28/ckdu3ze/?st=j47mxjfk&amp;sh=0e76ee48) me [twice](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/2gpcnp/best_girl_contest_111_you_can_not_cheat_day_36/ckl9ppe/?st=j47mxkhe&amp;sh=d9852abb) for being a big supporter back in the day and those comments are the norm around here nowadays. It's difficult to retain support throughout the years without an ongoing series. Toradora is still one of my favorite anime of all time, but I've since moved my support behind Megumin. I'd wager I'm not alone in this.
I didn't realize I'd walked into a doormat factory.
PACHINKO!? [](#infernocopu)
Yay status: [NOT LOST](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvKbRuXwkRw)
&gt; A girl who can't even confess to her crush? We can't lose against that! She confessed to him *twice* in the anime. It's not her fault he's about as dense as a fruit cake forged in a black hole.
I remember years ago when the pre-made essays were a rarity. T'was a simpler time. The new thing I've seen this year is making campaign videos.
The problem isn't so much a matter of how late she's introduced, it's more what they do with her. As /u/Kinsonlee said, she's introduced about 40% into the manga. However, in terms of arcs that can be animated, I can't think of a particularly good stopping point anywhere in that remaining 60% that doesn't result in an unsatisfactory ending. [Slight Ballroom spoilers I guess?](/s "Most of that 60% is training, and you don't typically want to end the season in a training arc. There is one notable competition within it, but it ends in a manner that I don't think would be satisfying for anime watchers.") Ideally, I was expecting the manga to be a 1-cour and end just before Chinatsu is introduced, perhaps teasing her character in the final episode for a 2-cour second season that contains the current ongoing manga arc which should be completed by then. But showing her dancing (despite obscuring her face) throws a bit of a wrench into that.
Lina OP pls nerf.
If Mio loses to Megumin how are you supposed to determine that it was "solely" due to recency bias? You know Megumin's incredibly popular and probably would have gotten a top 10 seed even without season 2, right?
I don't trust DE to ever do what they say. They're worse than Blizzard in that regard. There have been times where they said they were going to make changes to *reduce* the grinding of specific aspects and the changes they made statistically ***increased*** the grinding. How do you say you're going to make something better and then manage to make it mathematically, objectively worse? I can't tell whether DE is fueled by incompetence, idiocy, or malice. Warframe might be a good game, but it is a good game in spite of DE's constant attempts to screw the pooch and subsequent panic to unscrew it.
Also you never really leave high school, you just change scenery. College fuck-abouts? That's high school. Office politics? High school. Arguing with the other crotchety old bastard in the retirement home? High school!
I heard a remix of that song like seven years ago and never knew what it was from. I haven't even thought about that song in nearly a decade. Feels like I just time traveled.
[Don't get angry at us just because you lost!](http://i.imgur.com/OJLliRi.jpg)
&gt; AND HOLO PULLED MORE VOTES THAN MEGUMIN We'll see how Holo and Megumin compare next round when Holo's against a character people have actually heard of.
&gt;Megumins vote count was also on a record low. Oh woe is me, we only managed to crush our opponent by [just *under* double the votes this time around.](http://i.imgur.com/0YSZj2Y.jpg)
It's [fucking](http://imgur.com/a/X78Ft) [brilliant.](http://imgur.com/a/gP1Tq)
[The purest.](http://i.imgur.com/aYqWJY0.jpg) [Not lewd.](http://i.imgur.com/N0yniFo.gif)
&gt;Made in Abyss Damn those backgrounds are gorgeous. [](#awe) Looks like I'm gonna need to clear out my backlog of stuff this season before I get behind. Summer looks like it has stuff worth following per week. Edit: Also KonoSuba OVA 2!
[The video doesn't even have the best part!](http://i.imgur.com/J6pNjlK.gif)
True but the thought just occurred to me seeing how well it fit. Changing your flair on a whim to fit the situation like a chameleon.
[Here's a more in-depth video Mother's Basement did on the subject.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmV1XJJuVks) Basically, it comes down to a few factors: 1. Double paywall. You don't have to just pay $10/month for Amazon Prime, you also have to pay an additional $6/month for Anime Strike. For those who don't order things frequently off Amazon that's basically a $15/month fee to watch a handful of anime. 2. Small selection. Even though they do have some killer titles, the overall selection pales in comparison to something like Crunchyroll. 3. Poor usability. Not only is it difficult to find what you want to watch on Amazon, but you might also not even be able to get the Amazon instant video app on many devices depending on where you live. 4. Inconsistent simulcast times. Kinda defeats the point of a *simul*cast. Amazon is by far the worst deal of all anime licensors right now. If you don't already have prime then they make you pay the most of everyone for the smallest and arguably worst selection of anime and the least user-friendly service. There's no way they can compete with piracy when the pirates are getting a better deal in literally every way except slightly delayed upload times due to Amazon's stream DRM, in the case of Amazon-exclusive titles.
That tends to happen when your hair catches fire.
Oh I understood the joke, I just denied it by taking it literally. It was too easy of a joke to make. There's no pride in that! [](#nyanpasu)
They're also making a few new announcements soon. LWA SEASON 2!? ^A ^man ^can ^dream.
The ending was cliche as all hell but *damn* it was so good. There's nothing wrong with cliches and tropes if you do them well! They wrapped up every single major plot thread, but opened up Croix's search at the very end. That's a good start point for a second season, if they ever want to continue.
That's something they didn't even need to do but I'm so glad they did.
The story of Chariot, the Grand Triskelion, and the Shiny Rod is done, to be sure. But that's just one story they chose to tell in a world that has a lot more potential going on. They left Croix's journey open-ended, and the entire first half of the season was more-or-less magical shenanigans completely unrelated to an overarching plot. Moreover, we know *almost nothing* about any of the Nine Olde Witches; we know two of their names and we know a little bit about what the two of them did. That still leaves seven of the most important figures in magic history as completely blank slates! We didn't even **see** Luna Nova's dungeon in the series despite it being a major setting in the first movie. They've touched on magic theory but they've never spoken of the creation of spells which could lead to an entire story in its own right. Trigger confirmed that there are other places of magic study in the world as well as male magic-users, but we saw neither. Akko went through a great deal this season, but she is not done growing - neither as a witch nor as a person. There's still a Macguffin-esque font of magical power sealed in ruins waiting for Akko to be worthy of it. And with a little bit of planning, Trigger could easily continue into a second season with a new story and new mysteries built upon the world they already created. Trigger has also apparently stated that they would enjoy working on a second season if given the opportunity. Should they make a second season? That's for them to decide. Could they? Absolutely, quite easily in fact. They left enough open to naturally slot in stories of ancient magic, and strife among the Nine Olde Witches, with forbidden secrets locked away in the dungeon, whatever they want to go with.
Along with everyone else, thank you. Top quality sub work!
Oh god... not just a Trigger tournament arc, but a LWA tournament arc. [HYPE, HYPE, HYPE, HYPE, HYPE!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecR2BgF_5Ms&amp;t=9m24s)
First Ballroom, now this. I think Amazon thinks people will pay their outrageous prices if they just get more anime, but really the problem is they're a fucking $16/month anime service if you don't regularly get things off Amazon. For someone like me, who orders one thing off Amazon like every two months, I'm not paying $16/month for a shittier Netflix and no amount of extra anime they add will change that.
Mugi's death means Yui is the only Keion remaining. And she's against Saber next round.
#[YAY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvKbRuXwkRw) STATUS: ~~NOT LOST~~ LOST She put up a much bigger fight than I expected, honestly. Lost the contest, but saved anime.
You may want to tag that as spoilers.
If they wanted to make him more like a tank, they should have made him more than a walking ult battery that people have to choose to shoot. Roadhog may be fat but he's not the size of Reinhardt's barrier. You can just shoot past him.
&gt;aside from the fact that he could instakill 20/24 heroes Well when you're a walking ult battery that can kill one hero every 8 seconds, there's a bit of a problem. And the solution isn't to make him a walking ult battery that can kill zero heroes every 8 seconds. If Roadhog was actually overpowered, it would have been reflected in his competitive pick rate before the nerf. As it stands, they did a major nerf to an arguably balanced hero for the sole reason of making him less-frustrating for baddies to play against. I've never heard anyone who is actually competent bitch about Roadhog ever since they fixed his physics-defying hooks.
&gt;scourge [Weren't you supporting Eris until today?](https://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/6iwvhk/best_girl_4_a_certain_salty_railgun_round_3/dj9pp0a/?st=j4g4ljhn&amp;sh=30957929) TRAITOR!
Did you see how many votes Emilia has lost? #PARAS GOT THIS!
Not all pizza is created equal. CC represents Pizza Hut! She represents everything wrong with pizza!
Honestly, how can they be so shameless? I am shocked, SHOCKED! [^^^Now ^^^come ^^^here ^^^for ^^^the ^^^real ^^^best ^^^girl.](http://imgur.com/r/Megumin)
つ ◕_◕ ༽つ TRIGGER TAKE MY DOKI DOKI NO WAKU WAKU ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
[Behold the one who can slay gods and demons with almighty Explosion magic!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P49FraVNS_Y)
Well even if we boil every character down to memes, Explosions still beat PizzaButt.
Tachibana from Angel Beats
There is a very real possibility at this stage that anyone who wins will immediately get taken down the next round by the combined power of their opponent and spite voters.
I wonder if the "etc." includes Splatoon. They've already had Splatoon manga and I think they could make a pretty entertaining anime series out of the world they've built.
The way they draw the expressions is absolutely fantastic. Gaju in particular showcases a huge array of emotion in his face, and he can go from [terrifying](http://bato.to/reader#915388a3ac0a249a_27) to [somehow adorable](http://bato.to/reader#d42fb0f291767ff3_42) without a drastic shift in art style. And on that same page where Gaju looks like a child, Shizuku and Mako look almost-villainous!
He's not just hot, he's [POWERHOT.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz4vfj0rPIs&amp;t=9s)
&gt; Ofc they are related but for example in s1e02 Megumin mentions that she is only level 6 or something while having an extremely powerful skill at her disposal. They explain that in the Megumin spin-off LNs. [Explosion Spinoff LN](/s "The school in the Crimson Magic village gives its students skill up potions, which enables them to gain skill points without leveling. Students get potions based on their performance in school and they graduate when they obtain enough skill points to purchase Advanced Magic. Megumin actually hoards her points beyond the amount required for Advanced Magic so she can get Explosion Magic. Apparently the ingredients for skill up potions are supposed to be *very* hard to come by outside of the Crimson Magic village.")
That assumes Rem doesn't get brigaded down by Winry plus counterjerkers.
On one hand, I have to appreciate a well-executed meme video. On the other hand, I swore a blood oath to kill all who voted for Haruhi. Decisions, decisions...
Ishigami will become what he hates most - a dense normie harem protagonist.
&gt;No [Satire] tag [](#hahahawhat)
If only [this one](http://i.imgur.com/c3UZd7M.jpg) was 1920x1080...
It's Shizuo from Durarara.
Taiga and Chitanda both won by **101** votes. [A little](#taigasigh) [too close.](#curious) Don't let anyone tell you your vote doesn't matter! It matters now more than ever! --- Seeing Bracket D's match-ups, I have a feeling *someone* is going to be VERY salty tomorrow. Emilia, Momo, Aqua, and Darkness are all girls with counterjerks against them, justified or not.
TehePolo
You're forgetting the SourPls spam whenever a dance scene starts.
