Wli got them from led concepts. They only sell the one that change color
Hey, great question! I'm currently in the process of installing them. I have not yet hooked them out to the car but wiring them in personally up to you, I perfer to have them on all the time. The reason I went with led concepts rather then oracle lighting is because I read reviews on oracle that they go bad within a few months. The reason I ended up getting the halos at all was because I wanted dtrl that would look good on my car and cause I wanted some sexy pictures
I'd go with Lily. I named my Mopar '11 Letty. What is up with those rims though?
I'm drawing power by taping the fuse with a fuse tap
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Thanks for commenting! The lights are multicolored. I just took the pic when they were red. I'll take one with blue later.
I've already got some flashing me their high beams for some reason, I guessed they were too bright so I just dimmed them a bit.
They are legal as long as they are white or amber while on public road. I'm not going to bother arguing with you, but it's my car and I'll do what ever I want to it. Also learn what a ricer is before you go around and "rice this and rice that".
Haha that's awesome, I'll have to see how it looks on mine.
$700 for everything
What car are you looking for?
Take it to the dealer, they will be able to open it and it might be covered.
Great idea!
Orders ones that have rgb leds
Sorry, but this is fake. Look it up.
Hey buddy i own the Mopar game here back off 😂 Just kidding, nice to see another Mopar fan! [just a small example of my Mopar collection](http://i.imgur.com/Vj8izVv.jpg)
I dont like this car at all! Leave it behind all the time
Why the gloves?
What other supers do you have?
Oh ok! What do you use to reattach the blister
Want to trade for a DeLorean?
Same!
Mine haa like 40 of them, really stupid idea
I have 4 sealed one up for trade
Thanks !
What are you looking for
I need that 16 angels!!!!
I need that daytona!
DeLorean super and Corvette greenwood super
What are you looking for
I want that rv on the mac
A super treasure hunt...
I dont have any pf those up for trade, how about a nitrodoorslamer
Well i have nothing for you :( but i want that
Damn :( thats the last one i need to finish 2016
Yep
Trade me
Nah, theyll make the bat again, Ferrari wont sell right again till Masito's deals over
To sell later on INCASE money is absolutely necessary
Nice! Can i get a pic? I own a [Mopar 11](http://i.imgur.com/LdWgzPe.jpg) Gonna upgrade next year to a ['17 Scat Pack](http://i.imgur.com/luEV7uO.jpg)
What do you want for the rocket oil?
Daytona super
Still want these?
Everyone of my finds so far his been completely unexpected. Ill be honest and say i do try to get the delivery schedules and info like that so i can go early in the morning and get some boxes but everytime i am told a day, i show up and they say we dont have a delivery today, so i just gave up on that. What i do is ask the employees if they have anymore in the back, sometimes they do and sometimes they dont. Over all its a hit and miss game to me atleast. I mean you could watch youtube videos and see all these dudes raid pallet after pallet after dump bin and get 10, 15, or even 30 supers a week but all thats gonna do is piss you off. My best advice for you is just take it easy, dont look for supers, let them find you. 5 of my 9 wild finds were when i was just looking for another mainline and happened to run into a super. Another thing ive began to do is just buy them from ebay. Now let me explain why... First off I own a Dodge Charger R/T with a V8 and the thing gets 15 miles to the gallon when i drive like an old lady (which i rarely do 😂) so after a day of hunting, hitting about 10 or 15 stores ill be needing gas so thats another 30 or 40 dollars wasted plus the miles i put on the car plus the time i wasted looking for a super. My second car is a Chevy Silverado with a V6, nod youd expect this thing to get better gas mileage but it doesnt. 14 miles to the gallon 😂. So if i take this around for a day it eats 50 to 60 dollars in gas! So instead of spending that much money and wasting that much time id rather just buy it from ebay for $20 and get it within a few day $20 is the maximum ill ever spend on a super, even the Batmobile. So my best advice is stop looking for supers, not only is it going to make you go crazy but youll lose WAY more then youll every gain. Happy hunting!
Bad mudder 2 or driftsta?
Or a DeLorean?
Where are you located?
Nope, everything is empty with hope of filling back up. At least near me
Would love some pictures!!!! Also i need one of those Redliner Gassers (mint)
Dont forget, you get the Tesla today too!!!!!!
Gonna be finishing mine over the next few days too!
I didnt even know what they were/are sending me, they basically said "happy birthday, give me your address i want to send you something" i am honestly mind blown! Now im just missing the Batmobile and Daytona for my 2016 carded collection
Also happened to me, my first HW collection, My consoles and one of my cars too :(
That poor card
Already in a protector!
Thats cause 90% of cases are raided in Malaysia and in guess they dont take the damaged ones out caus ethey wont sell
I wamt the skyline!
Went about an hour away from where i live to pick up some stuff for my dads business. Decided to stop at an old rundown looking Kroger found the Daytona and Superbird at the bottom of an old dump bin and the Acura was in a box an employee brought out for me! My first double super find!
Hahaha lovein the hate!
I want the 3 Ferraris! And also i meant this [skyline](http://i.imgur.com/WScTcDS.jpg)
Dont worry, im getting 2 complete sets then cracking one open! Just need 8 more to complete both sets, should be done by next week
Thank you!
Is that semi new?
Guess whos Walmart isnt getting this set either!
Fun little treasure hunt! I love when you go in looking for another car and run into some thing special
Thanks! Wasnt even looking for supers this time haha
Thank you sir!
😂 Damn
Truly upset (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻)
I know! Still stoked!
Still better stocked then my walmart
Save the MM for me! Will be hunting later today and get back to you!
Deal! Hold the MM for me
Ohh this is so cool!!!! I wish they had a Mopar version of these or atleast Dodge
Not yet, dont know if i van make one that big yet
Correct instead of the Gasser let me get the '64 Ford Galaxy 500 What do you want ot trade for?
Donked!
None, went to 5 different walmarts, absolute garbage. Empty shelfs and just a mess in general. Sooo unfair that walmarts get exclusives but they have NO idea how to distribute them. Wtf Anything else youll take, i really need that MM haha ill even pay for it
You mist be outta your god damn mind to bid for that
I love this set! Never got around to buying it though 😂 [Closest](http://i.imgur.com/FpF8PMy.jpg) [I can](http://i.imgur.com/UWLxT8Z.jpg) [come](http://i.imgur.com/L92qGEA.jpg) [to that](http://i.imgur.com/2ax44Ct.jpg) [set](http://i.imgur.com/ecPN0hf.jpg)
It was part of a shor release GreenLight did called Spy Shot. The series had 3 cars, the Dart, Chrysler 300, and Chevy Cruze. The reason it has camouflage paint is so that it hides future design and features from other companies. They dont want to get the idea stolen.
Yeah its in the tread
Can get some more details on where you got that background from?
I might be able to do gran tursimo, let me lok into everthing else today Can i get a pic of the black out? Also the pretty much any walmart exclusive i wont be able tl get because my local walmarts are absolutely trash... no wait even garbage is better then them
Oh ok ill keep an eye out
[Thanks!](http://i.imgur.com/RViO5gz.jpg) I love how my diorama pics are getting down votes 😂
Thanks! I hope your knee gets better! I hurt mine over the summer and just finished healing a few weeks ago
Check out my trade thread and see if you like anything
From what ive noticed it goes one of 2 ways 1: "i found a super/retro/blah" =upvote 2: "hey, i took time and effort to make something for my hobbie"= downvote Its not always true but most of the time it is
*hobby
Wanna give a brother a hint
You got it right on the spot!
I got a question for you, which variation of the Porsche 993 is rare?
This ones alright at rolling, tires rub a little
Yes! I have both variations! only spent $25
I hope to own a real one, one day
Thank you!
Tell me about it!
Wow, i said i would as soon as i find them :(
When is this suppose to happen by?
Ill be waiting ☺
We only had 5 extra boxes last time :( now were actually gonna have to do that 5 minutes rule thing
Gotcha
[this one?](https://imgur.com/AfpyZsx)
Awe come on! It was a clean tear
Yes what are you looking for?
Wait.... which kmart did you go to for the last one?
I got them
[and i like this!](http://i.imgur.com/mrN5ojB.jpg)
Agreed!
Mines getting a truck tomorrow, ill let you know, but since im in mochigan dont get your hopes up
PMed
Haha thanks!
Tru and Target have made 80% of my finds but target takes the cake
But now they are slowing WAY down
The one near me has gotten 2 trucks with nothing i need
I use a check list app and impulse [like so](http://i.imgur.com/hqXCArX.png) [I fill in the names and check them off as I get the car](http://i.imgur.com/OBM1QMM.png)
You think youre lucky hahaha 😂 Mine was perfect! [Thanks to GreenLight!!](http://i.imgur.com/AdCiNwJ.jpg)
[FORGOT to incluse the Super Supra and Challenger concept](https://imgur.com/76K5Qy1)
This one is really cool, the color alone makes it so much better! I did see 3 of them wheni picked mine up
I love this casting too
Same here 😂 i saw this and juat had to have it! Now if i can only find one similar to a 2011 charger
Did you open yours?
Will do!
Up for trade?
The real one 😂
For my carded set, yes For no open set (unsure if ill open ot or not) im missing the Porsche and Batmobile
Yep its an error
😂 gonnna divorce her cause she dropped a $uper 😂
Hold up someones gotta explain whats up with those tires
Youre welcome!
Got it, Hot wheels still makes good year tires?
The GreenLight GTR and Camaro arent going to be sold in stores since they are Hobby Exclusives. Theyre only sold on M&amp;J Toys website or Ebay
Hello! Id like to start of by saying thank you for doing this! I was just going to post my own give away tomorrow. Ok so let me start at the beginning. When i was a child, i had an obsession for ANY kind of vehicle, rather it be a car, truck, semi, jet, bus, or even a toaster on wheels, I JUST NEEDED IT! one of my earliest memories is from my days in kindergarten. We had a 100 day of school show and tell project. Students were required to bring in 100 of something...... guess what i chose? Thats right 100 diffrent Hot Wheels! Imagine a short, fat, 5 year old walking into school with 5 bags full of hot wheels 😂 and from there it just got better! I dont remember much but by the time i was 14 i had lost interest in toys..... well actually i wouldnt say "lost interest", it was more like financial issues. In all honesty my parents had just bought a house, my mom started going back to school to become a nurse, and my dad had opened his first store (which at the time wasnt doing well) so i had to put my hobbies and interest to the side for a bit, plus i already had around 4 or 5 hundred loose cars EVERYWHERE! So by 16 financially we were in a mich better place but i moved on to gaming, what mean by that is instead of playing with cars on a carpet, i started to play Forza and GTA with friends i made online. That same year my dad thought since i was "too old" for toys, he could pack them up , which i was fine with..... what he didnt tell me was he was going to mail them all to California, where my 7 year old cousin lives. So that pretty much ended my collecting. Fast forward to March of 2015, i boughty first car at 19, 2011 Dodge Charger and she was properly named [Letty](http://i.imgur.com/bZVq4US.jpg). After getting this i was determined to find a scale model of my car, while looking online i ran into an article that said hot wheels was going to release a 2015 Dodge Challenger Hellcat. I now wanted that car no matter what 😂. So after a few weeks i finally found one on a short card, turns out it was from a 50 car case that someone had opened and dumped out, but since i had already picked up the 3 i wanted (Challenger Hellcat, BMW M3 (i think) in goldish green, and the DeLorean hover mode time machine) so they just let me have them for free! After that i didnt buy anything else till July of 2016 when i heard GreenLighy was releasing my exact car as a model! [Immediately i pre-ordered 4](http://i.imgur.com/IppsLRG.jpg) and thats where it all started! After that i would regularly pick up Mopars and other cars i liked. Around August i found this sub since i wanted to get more knowledge of what was/is out there for me to collect. And the rest is history. Oh and the main reason i collect CARDED hot wheels is cause my mom didnt like the mess i use to make with loose ones 😂 Ok so now for my absolute favorite hot wheel car is going to have to be the 2011 Dodge Charger $uper, not cause its a super but because the 2011 Charger was and still is my first car! This car no matter what will put a smile on my face as soon as i put my foot down and hear those tires squeal! I love the model since it reminds me of the hard work i had to go through to get to where i am and afford my car. My favorite non-Hot Wheels car is the GreenLight Mopar 11 [Charger](http://i.imgur.com/Qgj9Umt.jpg) because it is MY CAR! This will bring up memories for the rest of my life and will always hold a special place in my collection! TLDR: use to have tons of loose cars, dad gave them away. Lost interest till i bought my first car. After i got my car, GreenLight released an exact 1/64 scale model. Collecting started again! Favorite HW: 2011 Dodge Charger Super Favore non-HW: GreenLight Mopar 11
I double checked this by asking the guy who sells supers early from Malaysia
Dont remember to be honet who it was
Same!!
7 to be exact * Acura NSX * Porsche 993 * BMW Z4 * Boom Box * Ford GT * Nitro Doorslammer *Carbonic
Ebay
Didnt have a brown cotton ball
I would but there is snow everywhere
I have one of those as well! I saw it at tru and bought it immediately! Helavent seen one in the wild since
Dude, that Alfa would look clean 😍
[ive got this one](http://i.imgur.com/3AKvwB3.jpg)
Shoot me an offer
?
Be doing the sams
Ok, i want one datsun and '12 mustang
I took my Ram out a few weeks ago [Plowin'](http://i.imgur.com/DUj77tT.jpg)
33201 Van Dyke, Sterling Heights, MI 48312
Ill let you know, gonna keep looking around here for a week or 2
It use to be though. Now theyve gone to quantity over quality
Bbr? Tsm? honestly speaking the newer ones are assembled by a monkey, a hammer and Jeremy Clarkson 😂 Older ones are where the best built ones are
$9.99!?!
Thats still pretty high
Nope! 😂
Damn! Can i get a pic?
They're no supposed to saty blistered! Especially if youre collecing with your child! Enjoy them!
Even less of the Zemac
Makes sense
Gas monkey up for trade?
Got enough chargers 😂
Agreed 100% I found not one, but 2 supers in Kroger a few weeks ago! They were a Daytona and an NSX
Do you have a pic of the skateboard?
I got some a few days ago from walmart[everything but the kit](http://i.imgur.com/2sOhNgX.jpg)
Its changed to 087-07-4104 for the Time Machine Hover Mode
087-07-4104 for the Time Machine Hover Mode
Yes, taken directly from target website
At least in michigan haha, i know California already got E case showing up
😂
Ohhh cool
Will send pics when i get home! Thank you!
Wtf babies r us carries Hot Wheels?
I saw 1 today, left it cause i already had 3
Will do!
😂
Agreed on the Gold but the Pink is killer in my opinion! Unless it turned out like the Chevy II pink
Agreed, but pink all the way!
Pink with the wheels Boom Box super had
Ive seen close to 15, stopped looking after i bough the 3 I needed
What number is the M11? Would love to have it since i own the real deal [My Mopar 11](http://i.imgur.com/N8LqTiU.jpg)
Damn it :( Maybe ill buy a pink one, or make a custom! Just out of curiosity, how do you know
Yeah same Kroger, Acura was buried in a dump bin and Daytona was in a box the employee brought out for me
Thank you!
Please explain!
Ive only tried drying paint 2 ways and both worked perfectly! One was waiting 12 hours The other was using a heat gun and heating the metal/paint will it was very hot and as it cooled paint dried beautifully.
The bronco was just for fun 😂
Yep gold it is
Couldn't afford proper rims and tires after the lift 😂
Well you have fun with that haha, theres no way in hell im going to heat up spray paint and end up with with blue kitchen
Happy late birthday
What do you want for Mopar 11 (Charger) and Mopar 12 (300)
Shocker 😐
Its fine
Thanks! My second one
Ahhhh,
Agreed, my second one
Honestly i perfer Chicken Noodle
Shhh, theyll start of you say it out loud
😂
Have you tried ebay?
Let me see
Coffee and doughnuts? I really hope they made doughnuts trucks and Police cars!!
Which one? E case?
Where are you from?
The dark matte green one?
Enough to get me 2 sets?
Yep haha, ill trade you. This is my 4th
I did leave behind a shit ton of gassers, kitts, gtrs and most of a case
Really? Where are you from? Ive got 4 of A case, 2 of B case, 2 of C case, and 1 D case so far. I dont even hunt that much
Hmm, anything else?
Hobby Lobby does not sell HW, i was talking about the 2 cases and 3 Green Lights. The HW was from TRU The wallpaper is from my computer. [see](http://i.imgur.com/5eoVUhd.jpg)
Anything else?
Porsche and Squareback are my predictions for scalped
I didnt even go hunting today, just wanted to see if there was anuthing good at K-Mart.... apparently there was
If youre just buying stuff because "it might be worth something" might as well get out of this hobby now
Ok, what do you have to offer
Ive got around 50 or 60 now haha, getting a few more tomorrow from Malaysia!! 24 were bought, 4 were trades and the rest were finds Honestly i dont even look for them, they just show up.
Yeah, seems like Texas and California are where its at for newest Hot wheels and highest ammout of scalpers
I need some entertainment series kitts
Get me 2 Kitts, 1 Batmobile, 1 Ecto and 1 Batwing
Is that Mystery Machine up for trade?
😂 what?
Damn
Shit, it did seem that was, my bad.... i was jusy asking
Damn!!!! That mustve killed your wallet
😂
Stress free till after G case! (Getting C10 in a few days/weeks)
I got these from ebay, the seller ships directly from Malaysia, moat of they time they cost no more then $20 but shipping is what kills, $10 for the first car then +5 for every car after. Best way is to bulk order
Bulk as in more then 2 case it saves $5 per car on shipping
I do it since its easier and saves me a lot of money.
Forza! That 2 tone Camaro was killer!
This was a trade
Give me a few days ill let you know
No problem! Enjoy!
Thats a given
Sure!
Arguable
More like for gas 😂
Wheres that at?
Thanks! Ill try 😂
[looking better?](http://i.imgur.com/Qcj0Xlh.jpg)
Can i get pics of the auto world cars
All of the Challengers
Ivw got 2 diffrent designs going right now
Thanks, i have no idea how do do that on the coupe
Doesnt look like it, couldnt find anything on google
You can try using a Jaguar XJ220 and try to use putty to mold the body parts
Cant wait for this to become a premium model! Great wheel swap!
I have no idea myself to be honest, some other members will know
Good luck
Got it
2012 i think, only in Canada
I dont know yet, blue or purple for the Challenger. As for the Charger i still have a lot of work left to get the interior and base to fit correctly.
If youre willing to separate i want all the Japan Historics
Not for the japan historics 😂
Still waiting on the 2010 challenger
For $63 you could have gotten 7 of these [cases](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B001IYMCJO/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_7gkFybCG6EC7E), each can hold around 48 small to medium sized cars So that comes to about 336 cars
These are what ive started using
Yeah, i can see where youre coming from
I love the Wheels on all of these, they were were WAYYY cheaper non of the would survive the drill 😂
I only found one and got one from a friend
Pm me
Thats what im using
Send me a personal message
Yep 😂
Got it
Howuch are they?
I want a set!
Meeeee
Was this giveaway ever over?
I love the 512M
I sent you a message
[take a look at these](http://www.ebay.com/itm/291877449404)
Im not going to since itll made the entire hood ariea look bland
Yeah, i was told 😂 Now i want one
/u/Boss_Hog10 gonna ask for those 67 Camaro Supers 😂
Me too!
😂
Dodge Challenger with a Plymoth Superbird body kit
Got it, will be working on it tonight after my classes
I hope so!
How mich for all of them?
50 each?
Cool ill check it our
All 3 of the 2010 challengers
Got all 8 for 30! Saved around 17 bucks
Give me a day or 2 to arrange the money, as for trades i just have a few supers
Those wheels are fantastic
Sorry i liked the rims
Thisis made for one of those toys that grow only when wet 😂
No shame!
The ones in my pic? Or on the model?
You could add some fire 😂
What do you mean?
Give me some details
There actually is a theory behind case codes! In some Cases the last 2 letters in the code will let you know if supers are in the box or not. Proof [7 of the cases here end in CU](http://i.imgur.com/huXl2LZ.jpg) This guy ended up opening all 10 boxes [he ended up with 9 SUPERS!](http://i.imgur.com/nkZGBOx.jpg) So if a B case ends in CU you have a MUCH higher chance of getting a Super
DeLorean is pending sale
No sorry, will cost about $4 to ship one car
Not saying its true, its just a THEORY. Ill open any case i can get my hands on
😂
No trade backs 😂
I never got them, they were lost in the mail
This is awesome! How much did the entire thing cost you?
Cause im selling supers for more then a dollar 😲 and charging shipping 😲 HOW DARE I!?!
Cool thanks! Ill check it out
I wonder if DQ will still honor those coupons
Why the hell are you down voting me? Sorry for the info...
That would be awesome! You should totally do it
Let me know how it goes 😂
Its a tooned version of Six shooter TMYK
Blackn_blue
You going crazy for that Plum Crazy? 😂
Cool, ill follow back
Its amazing
No a regular, was already picked over before i got there. [I do have the super though](http://i.imgur.com/MhiKCUP.jpg)
Good luck! Happy hunting
Ewww those wheels are hideous. Im pretty sure those wheels arent the final ones, but i feel like the wheels will make or break this super
Did you ise the 40% off code 😂
As the trend usually goes, this is gonna get downvoted 😂
Youll find it, im sure itll be a peg warmer like the orange one
I know! I was unsure at first but it look looks fantastic
Yep! I cant remember where the tires are from though
Ohh great idea!
Its a beautiful casting, i just hated that it was lowered
Yes it is
This is my wnd one
It says 2004 on the card
Ok o have a question. So in order to get the receipts do you actually go and spend $200 plus at kmart? Or whats the strategy there?
That hood is just ugly
Damn! Have any of the blue bird?
Mine are the same
No, i meant where was the gap?
I dont know, just saw these for the first time
Ive been buying Redliner and Forza like crazy!! #wheeldonors
What gap?!?
Favorite car out of the case?
Ew did someone use Vomit to paint it?
*HUNTED
Haha guess we know where most of us are going to visit tomorrow
Teal Model X? It only came in white 😂
Definitely worth the go
No pictured but i love the Ford GT from that set
25 cents each
From who?
Here some more proof[ shit actually "sells"](http://i.imgur.com/KlrbUx2.jpg)
It says Ferrari on the trunk....
Yeah! Ie had at lease 4 or 5 of them as donors so far[my favorite use of those wheels! if you look closely i also replaced the spare tires jn the trunk](http://i.imgur.com/ww4dHxq.jpg)
Any thing up for trade or sale?
Novi Went through the entire bin only found 4 67 Camaros... i left one behind. If youre interested ill trade one set
Drill them out
Sounds good
Another thing though, i overhead some guy picked up the 1969 Dodge Charger super (general lee look alike) for $1 cause the seller put it in the $1 pile and didnt notice when he sold it!!!!
No problem happy customizing
Let me think about it
Wanna trade? Im looking for a 1995 '67 Camaro super 😂
What are you offering?
I know!
*(whipers price)*
That what i was going for!
Thanks! Gotta wait a few days for the paint to dry and harden, then ill see
Thanks!
Thank you!
Hell yah!
It is a replica 😂
Thanks! No if only i had the tampos
Pm me
I cant believe I got the Challenger looking right either 😂 tnly thing i wiash was the front end was a bit lower As for the Datsun, i really loved the red on the super and tried my best to copy it. For the rims i didnt like how the chrome ones looked so i too the front wheels from 2 Forza Camaros
No idea for now, maybe some fine tip paint pens. As for the Challenger, another customizer is sending me some decals hes made (he only makes customs Mopars)
Went to a swap meet yesterday the guy there had over 60 '67 camaros at $5 a piece
Open or carded?
Wanna tell me how you did the rainbow effect?
With out them mixing?
Or getting messed up?
Most likely unlicensed. Does it say any where on the package "used under license"?
Lucky 😂 my target had c case through out Christmas. Now theyre back to H case
Still need to figure out how to make decals
Tell me about it
Let me look into it
Try these Look at this on eBay http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/111985487003
No red?
[this is mine](http://i.imgur.com/64p6kCZ.jpg)
Can you recommend me a good airbrush?
Any chance you he able to help me out? Need to learn how you did that rainbow spectra flame
Nope, they fit perfectly! I dont cut my wheels
Love this casting! [heres mine!](http://i.imgur.com/OnMd6Bp.jpg)
Thanks!
They are really cheap too, the smallest ones at my home depot are $1.19
Im not actually going to bid 😂
Also HIN stands for Hot Imports Night.
What actual sale prices?
No i meant what is the actual price
The Redliner gassers got them
I love this one, just event gotten a chance to get one yet
Thanks!
I like using a q tip
No the back of the card
This should help http://mycustomhotwheels.com/how-to-remove-hot-wheels-from-blister-cleanly/
I was lucky enough to get 3 complete sets of the Camero series
Almost the perfect 3 pack :( shouldve been a Challenger
Sadly 😂
Theres like 30 east side walmart 😂. Mind pming me the location?
Wow this sooo blurry
Awesome! I just got a blue one yesterday!
Nice work! Im currently working on a offroad course and race track straight way into a corner!
I just got the mainline version, it is beautiful!
Thanks! Could you send me picks of those cars you mentioned? So Ill keep an eye out for them
Cards
Yeah im in the U.S, what do you have to trade?
Let me know if you want one, ill pick them up next weekend
As many as i can get
Saw all of the above! Any specific models?
Ill keep an eye out! Are loose ones ok?
I replied
I dont think you can, but i have painted polished metal with tinted clear coat https://imgur.com/a/9yxH0
Any Japan historics
I waited for the Target 40% off Hot wheels coupon and bought 25+ cars! 3.49 each at 40% off comes to $2.15 each. Compared to ebay prices for real riders (3 sets at $20) its waayy cheaper and you get a car body! When target comes out with these deals, its the best time to stock up!
Anything else? I have all of these
Still havent seen air cooled yet
E case '15 Black Charget
I'll take some of that action! How much are the cars?
I want both chargers!!
What are you looking for?
Damn I want these! Do they make any Mopar?
Ohh I see now! Weird
Not going to see race day here for a long time
Hell no lol
I like the car, the paint and decals suck
Yep! I can't find anything near me
Every town disagrees lol, found them everywhere
Same, before i moved we we're getting the woman of marvel set. Didn't even see the beatles
Really?!? Took me 1 random stop lol the Fiat took me a few tries though
Mhm, yep... definitely
And I thought Canadian were nice
Looks like rims from the 90's
Same dude. I though California got all the new stuff first and more frequent restock, but boy was I wrong. It worse there then it was in Michigan
No Problem! Good luck collecting!
Haven't opened mine haha
Yep, I got the 5 car combo with the 510 Wagon from them too, what a great price!!
Not all moved in, most of my stuff is back in Michigan. But yeah I'm stuck here for the next 3 months lol
If you have any real riders I'll take them
.....key words, last and month.
Definitely!
Lol I actually did get these for $24 but whatever dude
Thx
And threw it away!
Yeah dude, I'm not an asshole like some on here (unless you're rude first)😂 Hell the other guy got a great deal! I still need most of the cars he got. I won these through a Facebook raffle. Lastly I'm not selling these. (On here at least) 😉😊
Definitely dude! I'd be more then happy to get you proof 😁
I'm not salty bro. Just don't want to sell these to a bunch of asshole 😂 Need to find a good home for them! Not a place where they'll drown in salt lol
Firstly, I rarely, if not ever do raffles. Secondly, do you talk about your losses?
Oh sorry I read that wrong haha. Honestly I'm probably not even going to sell these.
Want some gassers? Absolutely hate that casting
Yes! Let's start today! We should also post every time we go to a store and it's empty or has been raided already!!
*high five* haha
Sure!
Nothing
Thank you!
Are you done yet, cause now you're starting to waste my time
No problem troll! I'm glad I was able to provide some purpose to your insignificant life 😊
Thank you! I really appreciate it! 😊😁
Ask anyone in Michigan with a local meijers haha they have a shit load of these cars
Most of our trades are based on trust We make a deal and ship around the same time and PROVIDE TRACKING Many collectors here are trust worthy and I can vouch for a few.
It better have! Especially since there isn't an actual model in it
I'm still undecided. Don't really have a place to put 20 loose cars at.
Sweet! Walmart dumpbin or $2.xx cars?
I only want some, the viper,BMW, Lamborghini, and McLaren
Chase car? Explain plz
Damn I need that alfa!
Something you'll never unsee is.... On every NSX in this series the rear right wheels is missing aligned from the wheel well. If you don't believe me just look at every one you come across
Oh yeah, I've used this method, super glue took forever to set. Then I tried using 1/16 brass tubing and that also didn't work. I was using locktite super glue but not the gel. Maybe that's why it didn't set
I've found 5 so far, only one I had to buy so far was F case (Acura NSX)
I'm only liking the NSX from this series
I'll give that a try! Would you mind telling me what you payed for those wheels?
Yes, I've found 5 surf crate supers so far
Took me 2 weeks to find the cruise bruiser mainline... Like WTF
Thx! Guess I'm stuck paying evilbay prices
Just the right rear side, the other side is perfectly in the center
Haven't seen it in the M case line up, so it might be in N, P, or Q
Haha, just kidding
I'll have to try this once I'm reunited with my collection 😂
Thanks for the info! To bad I'm near San Francisco
Thx!
Who doesn't?!?
Wait, only ice cream and celery?
Interested in the Boulevard CivIc and both regular and super Toyota 2000 GT
Nice!
Wasn't underappreciated, Hot Wheels thought it was a good idea to make these ONLY available in Canada. So collectors in the U.S never got them (unless they went to Canada)
Luckily I've already got the set 😁
Nevermind I read the thing
Are these pics current???? Also how are the prices?
Pics plz!
[?????](http://i.imgur.com/COeuyeN.gif)
By that logic, my titles should be in the language spoken by the country the cars are from.
Yes, I know lol. It was a joke, don't take it so hard
What car is that?
Sweet!!?
Geez you're acting like they are just gonna make 500 pieces... Lol
From my quick research this was the only other set to use the Mobile Oil decals 4 car RLC set from 2002 Look at this on eBay http://www.ebay.com/itm/152592371968
I got 6 for $0.25ea.
