I have no fucks to give even to myself. Just got home from work. Tomorrow, on the other hand (haha, *on the other hand*)
I lived in a room for about three years in a rooming house. You have to eat, watch TV, read, EVERYTHING on the bed. It's rough, and I feel you.
Just chiming in: my great Uncle Howard Knox married Christina Jorgensen, the very first MTF transsexual. Just an interesting tidbit. Carry on!
I love that description, I just read it out loud to my roommate. He and I do not share the same sense of humor :(
My bedroom has a stove in it.
It takes forever to cook a baked potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes I'll just throw one in there, even if I don't want one, because by the time it's done....who knows?
LOL. High profile.
Good thing you said that, it bugged me too. :D
Just toss it in the dryer to get off the... oh wait. Nevermind.
I could knit you all a fine pair of mittens! [Here is my stash.](http://imgur.com/hmXGwK6) A dog and two cats, over 4 years worth :D
I read that in Stewie's voice.
Dude I went to high school with makes hot sauce, check it out! http://www.hellfirehotsauce.com/
A quick posh on the dupa when he eats your kluski.
I never thought about that, it's not my house and the owner is extremely lazy...but he's usually really anal about safety. I'll bag and toss it today when I get home. Thanks for the heads-up!
It's in the basement so out of sight, out of mind :( As GenocideSolution pointed out, it's also an issue of safety, so it's on me to bag and trash it when I get home. Glad I posted it in retrospect.
You gotta score before you can snort.
That was the strangest sneeze I ever heard.
You know how many people DON'T know about reddit? I just started on last fall, and had only heard of it before. It seems once you start getting into it, you think everyone just *knows.* I think it would be fun to meet a fellow redditor at random, myself. I would think you could learn a lot about someone's interests and their sense of humor (or lack thereof) by using reddit as a conversation topic.
I was waiting for Chaos, instead I found Obvious.
You lucky limey bastard, no offense :D
So then... why do you have it? I really want to know!
I like your long hair! Tall, too...nice :) ^also ^your ^username
Now there's a drone I can get behind.
When I heard someone from Oklahoma say they were Midwest, we had an argument. Born and raised IL/WI, and "Midwest" has always been WI, IL, IN, OH, and IA (Maybe MO, but we don't really like to talk about that, poor Misery). MN, ND and MI are Upper Midwest. Then the Great Plains states, Texas (it's own thing), etc. etc. I have always lived within 10 miles of Lake Michigan (except for AR/OK for a stretch) so yeah, not too much thought about where the water comes from - I always knew.
First character I saw in the picture when I opened it. Good call mate.
Snoopy Come Home! *♫ 🎶 Snoo-ooo-ooopy come home, come home 🎶 ♫* I owned that soundtrack. But then again, later in life, I also owned [this gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWRWYYt47RI). I also owned [this soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nguB6wLxicU), i suggest you watch this movie, it made me cry just like Snoopy Come Home. Edit: Wish I would have cherished the things I had, both from childhood and beyond. You don't know what you had until it's gone.
Ten pounds of buffalo steak! Edit, because I do remember some reference: "Snoopy's desert-dwelling brother Spike was like this initially. The first time he appeared, he woke up after traveling a long time, and Snoopy announced, "Eggs benedict for my brother Spike!" To which Lucy replied, "Better make that ten pounds of buffalo steak" before he was actually seen. (In later stories, Spike was simply thin.)" From TVTropes board when I looked it up.
Take me back with you, on my way to Barstow.
Like Wilson on Tool Time.
I remember too, I had one that was Pooh Bear in a tree eating honey and it was the most glorious golden scene. Now, do any of you remember [these?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE1uitXjwqY)
Oh yeah, Tool Time was the show that Tim did, and Home Improvement was the show that showed how Tim made the show, and raised a family, with the help a sage neighbor, named appropriately enough, Wilson. I'm high, so let's take this further. Wilson's entire existence was to give a passive and profound vocal foil to the inner goofball dialogue we all express in our bid to understand the world and the people who live alongside us. Represented as a friendly neighbor or as a volleyball, the wall in which we bounce ideas off of is just as important as the projectiles we choose to lob. Again, I am so fucking high right now. Yep, that's staying as-is.
Couldn't he get a judgment against her now that will be in force and effect for 10 years? So if she does sell the mattress, puts her porno behind a paywall or writes a book in that time, he can still get his cash from her? That's how most civil judgments work as far as I know. I did collections for a year for an agency under contract for a large hospital in the South, where may people were poor. One of our tasks was to determine what assets they had and place liens against property, vehicles, bank accounts, etc. Their in-house attorneys would get judgments so they could garnish wages and collect on sold assets, or even going after their "estates" once they kicked the bucket (nothing like expensive hospital charges and and the stress of constant calls and legal actions to keep you healthy! /s). I hated that job, but I learned a lot.
I said the exact same thing to my roommate last night. Huh. We all know that timing is everything, just like on reddit :D
Oklahoma has Sinclair gas stations that sell non-ethanol gas AND it has Taco Bueno. That's about all I can say regarding Oklahoma's good points. (I lived outside of Claremore, off 66 between Claremore and Chelsea.)
My gramma knitted it so I have to wear it, but tbh I think it's offal.
Um, yeah it is, when you're getting it basically all at once. Did a rather potent shot once that had me flopping like a fish on my bed. Pearl shale, I think I busted off an eighth-gram chunk and shot it. Crossed my eyes and fell out. Glad I left that shit behind a long time ago.
That's why I was always Team Count Chocula. Goes in the same color as it goes out.
I lived there years ago, and didn't even know about MTBE. Thanks for your informative response :)
I came to this sub just today for the first time, and this is exactly what I was looking for. PERFECT.
I have to go update my blog...
One is always the "settler".
I, like, just want to administratively assist in things, man. That question is way above my pay grade.
http://imgur.com/TZ0i6fk
It was an awesome experience and I enjoyed myself immensely! Thank you, /u/powerlanguage !!
I bow to the glory of the Pressiah! Sitewide flair for the Chosen One!
Ganon. Only sure arrows can possibly take down Ganon. ^if ^I ^remember ^correctly.
Should have just tossed a tennis ball in there to see if it came out covered in otherworldly goo.
That one was awesome. The pics really helped to seal the deal in the "authenticity" department.
OOh my boyfriend just pointed that out! He loves Chevy and I had to show him this.
&gt; While we do not always agree with the content and views expressed on the site, we do protect the right of people to express their views and encourage actual conversations... &gt; We’re banning behavior, not ideas. How patently untrue. Unless you can prove one IP address is the source for out-of-site harassment or doxxing, you are censoring. What next, Coontown? Sexyabortions? This is absurd, and the bell tolls for reddit. If you disagree with the sub, fine, don't visit. Trigger warnings are for assholes.
They don't fuzz voting, you can see exactly the up/down ratio that reddit did away with.
I bought a teeshirt with red-eyed snoo snuggling a pineapple. Now I wish I bought the [limited edition "We Did It Reddit" shirt](http://teespring.com/we-did-it-thank-you-reddit) so I could overlay a red circle/slash over that image. Because what reddit just did in the latest round of bans, is the antithesis of the freedoms they profess to champion.
We must revisit and empower our mission statement. An executive outing is required, preferably on the links, to emphasize cross-discipline partnerships and encourage open dialogue! ^^I'll ^^just ^^administratively ^^get ^^you ^^boys ^^some ^^more ^^beer.
NO we must have a meeting... at 5 o'clock... to discuss marketing... and ignore the girl in production, whose job sheets you constantly fuck up... yeah, let's do that.
So you harass yourself online?
You ever hear a fat black woman? The decibels are off the chain!
[So this is what the world has come to.](http://imgur.com/gallery/eaKNnAt)
If 90 percent of accidents happen within ten miles of my home, people really need to stop driving so damn close to where I live.
Excellent. I've got my tactical yo-yo around here somewhere.
See /u/iusz comment above. I think you will enjoy it.
I seen you today you was standin' on a corner, leaning up against a post. (Or making a post, that don't confront me none.)
Except maybe Ike. ^sorry
Near end of party, some people were planning to hijack the rest of the dope bought by others. Dude came from kitchen with a knife, told everyone to put their pipes on the table, and get the fuck out. Stuck it in my back a little to make a point. Turns out the plan changed and he kidnapped one of my friends, who was in on the dope scam, in the attic after we all left. He beat and raped her for three days. His name was Brian and yes he did end up going to jail.
I love the Toadies and their Cheap Trick-inspired sarcastic vocals. Speaking of Cheap Trick: *Cheap Trick* is solid. *In Color* is a very close second.
I would, in a heartbeat. There are times I want to "have" a kid so I can get the instant no-questions-asked "out" from participating in off-hours events or meetings that don't even pertain to me. Just get a random kid pic in a frame and voila! Instant part-time parent.
I think I need a new hydro/turbo-emulator valve :(
HAHAHA! I was referencing my friend and I doing "car speak" when we were teens in that comment;, and lo and behold, the last car I owned was a Chrysler! Thanks for the morning lulz!
Comcast employee?
Better offended than defendant, amirite?
T'aint.
Whee! Cheap cigs, meth AND fireworks, all just a short cop-infested drive away! Sauce: lived in AR just 5 miles from MO border.
Child support payments need to be paid in vouchers somehow. This shit is ridiculous.
Ha ha! When I was a kid I always thought it was "the algebra that the devil put aside for me." I hated math.
HAHAHA you jest. Capzaicin XP is so deadly, if you apply it with bare hands, even the next day if you rub a mucous membrane, you WILL burn. You NEED gloves to apply that shit, but it works wonders.
That would be the Cos-emo-tics aisle. Just one over from Self-Inflicted Wound Care.
After watching the dude get banged on his skull with a hammer (and *hearing* it, ugh), I will also take the sidelines on this one :(
And Billie Holiday. :(
Brilliant!
I prefer "gesundheit," thanks....
I remember vividly going to my Aunt's "friend's" house with my cousin when we were young. This "friend", a male, had a pond/pool in his back yard an us kids would play out there. We would also wander around, and I remember seeing a gorgeous home, like an estate, with a sprawling front yard, close to this "friend's" house. I remember his name, but I really don't want to ask about it - my mom said this aunt, her sister, was illegitimate; and that her daughter (my cousin) was illegitimate as well. I believe that, as this Aunt doesn't resemble any of the other siblings, and her daughter does not have any of her assumed-father's unique facial characteristics. It's a weird memory I don't think I will ever resolve.
We had a fat female gerbil named Sam (we thought it was a "he.") Every new gerbil introduced would be dead the next day. She ended up escaping and would up in the furnace filter. There are serial killer rodents.
Maybe bad haircuts instill such internalized rage? I mean, look at the Sandy Hook shooter, and the Aurora shooter... now this guy. Hmmm.
Sometimes when I am just going about my business, I imagine that the Ingalls time-traveled to present and manifest in my home. I am tasked with explaining everything to them. Microwaving dinner? Explaining in my head. Redditing? Explaining. It's weird but makes me really think about our modern world.
Ankles for me. They're pretty shredded. I stopped a couple years ago &lt;3 Hope you see your way to a better release. I get it, I really do.
I m going shopping today after a stint at the beauty salon (on a gift card my current employer gave me for Christmas), because I have a job interview on Monday. I once worked where they would buy all the office personnel nice button-up and polo shirts with their logo embroidered on. So all I needed were a few pairs of nice slacks. I miss that. It costs a bundle to buy clothes you will never wear anywhere else but the office.
They have one of the, if not *the* highest markup margins, iirc. You can leave the store with a $2K diamond ring, turn right around, and sell it that same day for *maybe* $1K, at best.
Our hound gets so excited she closes her eyes when we come home, because she hits herself in the face with her tail :D It's adorable.
Nylon over the vacuum tube trick. I lived with a guy that dealt a lot, it was common to get an eighth from a good vacuuming once a week. Triplebeam was in the dining room and he liked to drink.
I don't know why you are being downvoted. Zippos have a wide flame and yeah, you may get singed a little sparking the bowl, but fuck it... a little fire ain't gonna hurt none.
Well, when you put both together the final outcome is some dude who gets off to only rape/torture porn, so there's that.
I met some of my ex-SO's friends and we got along GREAT! One day last week we got into it (we still live together, knew each other before becoming involved) because he was mad a friend of his was in town and didn't call him. I reminded him that his friend sent a postcard from a rehab facility and he never contacted HIM, so what makes HIM so special that he can just ignore his friends and expect them to to keep the friendship alive? He then told me he has no friends because I am "such a bitch and his friends hate me." I'm just like yeah OK. You keep telling yourself that. :D
Now that I think of it, one specific duo came over and stayed at the house over-weekend for Harleyfest. I think it ticked him off that one of the guys saved the front page of the local paper twenty years ago that I was on, because he thought I was hot. We never met each other before and he ended up emailing me a pic of his photo album with the saved page a few days later. He's long married and we just thought it was a hilarious coincidence. And it was :)
You should read "The Innocent Man" by John Grisham. Also, I dated a man in OK who they picked up for a rape. They gave the victim **five different mugshots of that same man** (he had been in the justice system before and they did not like him) in order to a) get perceived justice and b) get revenge on a cocky good-looking dude. He was no angel and we broke up, but I was involved enough to talk to his defense attorney and verify these incidents did happen. The lab also conveniently lost paint chips from his Jeep, and there was no DNA tested on the rape kit, if it was even processed. He went though utter hell and once he managed to get a retrial, the prosecution claimed they found the girl and instead of a paper trial, she would be present in the courtroom (which was a lie). He was so scared he pled out and went to prison.
At the time they were incredibly popular. I did not know that they were named after the book, thanks for that!
And that he was a cop. My dad is (was) a cop.
I stick the earbuds in upside down and then put the cord over my ear and behind the arms of my glasses. Much more comfortable, they don't pop out, and fit snugger in my ear. YMMV.
Because six would be PAWsitively polydactyl!
You would LOVE [American Science and Surplus.](http://www.sciplus.com/)
I loved all of Dan Brown's books. I also enjoyed the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series. But I am weird like that, as I also enjoy some of Dean Koontz's work.
[This guy?](http://imgur.com/Ad5GU3x)
My fave is "one door away from heaven"
Done been did, that don't confront me none.
Just for some context, Dad never really "beat" Mom just like we weren't "beat" as kids. Indian burns, twisting fingers, shaming... that's how us kids learned. Dad used intimidation and utter humiliation and sometimes, he would put a chokehold on one of us, or toss a chair against the wall... I was just going thru my comments and saw all of the conjecture happening before I was able to explain that he gave HIMSELF the black eyes after a hard nights drinking. He never quit drinking. He is in his seventies and had an aneurysm, and now cannot drink, but when I went home to visit he still wanted to hear Guns and Roses. Don't think that there was some horror story happening... I have the best relationship one could ever want to have with my parents,
Excuse me but I am far from a "dim individual," nor is anyone in my family. Our family consists of many military/public service folks as well as engineers and professors. Also, my great-uncle married the first MTF transsexual. My family has contributed greatly to the fabric of America - my aunt was a WAC and one of the first female postmasters in the United States, just for example. Also, I can trace my paternal lineage to the Mayflower. In a nutshell, kindly fuck off.
Well, that's "No Surprise." There probably were a lot of "Reefer Headed Women" there, as well as some "Coney Island Whitefish Boys." Good guys, getting their fans "Back in the Saddle" again! Aerosmith "Rocks," getting them out of a "Night in the Ruts."
Victim of Changes - Judas Priest. So much better on Unleashed in the East. EDIT: Close second: By-Tor and the Snow Dog from All the World's a Stage. That song always gets the hairs on my neck standing up.
Saw Crue and Alice Cooper last year, Maiden and Alice the year before, this year probably gonna see Jane's Addiction. I remember when you could run to the Ampitheater entrance and get wristbands for free as available upon ticket entry to the Fest. I saw Metallica free on a wristband. :) Summerfest is such a great experience.
Late late late to the party here, but i saw MM in LaCrosse WI when they were banned from playing in so many venues. I crossed our fair state from Milwaukee to attend, and it was THE best fucking concert I ever saw!! Those were the halcyon years.
Good God, one mistake and your Cheerios will cause projectile vomiting. Fruity Pebbles, tho - not so much.
Hey Human? Yeah, it's Clothes. I wont' be able to make it today. Thanks!
We used to call our friend Lynn (RIP) "Puddles." As in, "watch out for Puddles!" as she sometimes would pass out on the floor of the bar.
Kinda [like this.](https://youtu.be/usGQjN87BUA)
She cleaned up and went to Barstow, some say murder, some say otherwise. It's a mystery, but all I know is the good people who clean up from drugs seem to pass not too many years afterwards. Thankfully I still abide, I do miss my schmexy friend though :'(
Fulbeli Deli on Farwell in Milwaukee started that crazy sticker thing LONG ago. Now Woodman's (a WI chain, pictured) stole their kitsch. If and when they decide have troubadours booked for the coffee/sweets crowd, performing in two wing chairs and a rug set up at an aisle cap, we might have a problem...
[Fabulous!](https://youtu.be/xYIUFEQeh3g)
http://blog.hmns.org/2010/01/insects-and-orchids-an-evolutionary-journey/ The last bit about a specific fly that squeezes through the sex structure of the orchid, whereby they pick up/deposit pollen, is just amazing.
"We're on location with Asian reporter, Trisha Takinawa:" "[HUGE BLACK COCK DESTROYS LITTLE CHINA GIRLS TIGHT PUSSY](https://youtu.be/K9eIKn_Vr1I)" "He he he, ok then! [Now for a look at the weather, with Ollie Williams. Ollie?"](https://youtu.be/lgNoY3MqpZg)
Thanks for that :) She was something else. Wish I could have seen her when she got clean before she left for CA. I heard she passed when I was living straight in Oklahoma (had to get away, so I did), and it just killed me. Made me wonder sometimes what's the fucking point of getting clean just to die 5, maybe 10 years later? Yet here I am, still "suckin' air," as Lynnie would say.
I was looking for something to watch tonight because I can't find a decent torrent for the new Minions movie. [Time to get Educated!](http://gph.is/1abNaGY) Thanks for the linky-link. [6]
It really is a slippery slope. I predict that it won't be but a generation or two before [incest is tolerated](http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2002/jan/09/familyandrelationships.features103) as long as there are no offspring. Seeing as how [a woman already married herself,](http://www.theroot.com/articles/culture/2015/01/houston_woman_who_married_herself_says_wedding_was_about_self_love.html), and [some lady married the Eiffel Tower,](https://youtu.be/xInWMRzEan8), not to mention that [some men prefer dolls](https://youtu.be/pxCkULUnVH0), [or cars](https://youtu.be/Ba9L6n8zj1U) instead of human consorts, it seems the old conservative "Yeah and wats next, marrying a turtles?" trope might just come to fruition someday.
I don't. No sir, I don't like it at all. Worst Word Ever. Awkward, unattractive, pretentious! Unacceptable. Plus it just tries too damn hard to be a word. Poor letters, arranged thusly.
It's got glitter inside, to deter counterfeiters.
That's what all the straights say nowadays. It's what the cool kids do in college. LUG, anyone? Fun fact: when sent to prison, both sexes tended towards homosexuality (EDIT: were equally prone to "changing gears") - but men were more likely to remain homosexual upon release, whereas ladies went back to "strictly dickly." See edit below.
I don't have kids and would gladly be called a non-breeding female. Isn't there an orchestrated attempt to encourage the production of offspring both on a societal level and as a matter of policy? Yes, yes there is. Childfree women are looked at as less-than, because we are not "fulfilling our God-given unique blessed role as Mother." I have been asked what's wrong with me that I don't have kids. It's not what's wrong with me, it's whats right with me. Trust me, the collective does NOT want me to be a mom. I know my limits and a kid would bring out not the best, but the worst in me. At least I am honest with myself and don't use a kid to score government assistance, a husband, attention, or myriad other terrible reasons people choose to be careless about birth control and "end up" pregnant.
So, anti-matter could conceivably be traced to the quark epoch, as matter (ergo ipso facto anti-matter) can neither be created or destroyed only transformed? I submit that indeed, I am high and eating delicious shrimp in a coconut milk sauce. These things matter.
Day to day, it's not a thing, plus I am older now and far past childbearing years. But when I lived in the South, it *was* a thing.
I read it in some Cosmo rag when I was a teen, but it only makes sense as these two comments, in tandem and pasted directly from PrisonTalk.com, would suggest: JJsPenPal 01-30-2006, 05:11 PM honestly, if i were locked up for years with only women, i imagine i'd fall in love with another woman a few times. love and companionship are basic human needs. PTO-29412 01-30-2006, 05:57 PM Alot of men are just very sexual, and when you are locked up for many years with no "release", then you look for the closest thing to you to help. It seems from what I could find on the Google, that heretofore "straight" men are certainly not going to "go gay" in prison. Either that tendency is already there, or they are perceived as weak or effeminate, and get "claimed" (power and protection are at play in that dynamic.) This lends credence to the notion that a man who engages in sex with other men in prison, tend to remain homosexual upon release - because that tendency was already there. Women, however, crave companionship and connection over raw sex, and even when a female has never had proclivities toward the same sex, it's more socially acceptable or even glorified (Women Behind Bars-type pornos are common) to be in a pseudo-lesbian relationship. Women seek out women when men are not available in order to feel some semblance of comfort and love, not because they are innately attracted to the same sex.
I thought it would be fried, like any other coconut shrimp. Nope. It's a very understated flavor, a lovely thick sauce as white as snow. The shrimp are very large and the broccoli is steamed to perfection. 10/10 with rice.
Check your privilege there Mr. Havealot.
Hidden camera footage or it didn't happen. :)
Oh great. More imported bananas winding up on the dole.
YOUR FUCKING DINNER HAS ARRIVED.
Damn cops, chasing the poor man. It's all their fault. /s
No no, it's just "divorce" now....
Well, it is Little Rock AR so no surprise there.
Spinners were the shit in the 90's now it's all about the lo-pro twenties on Caprices, here in the 414. MKE represent.
It's all about that toe, bout that toe, bout that toe - no camber!
We don't really have all the answers. It's just sad all around. No one who knew her could say a bad thing about her, she was just Lynnie, nothing more nothing less.
Peg Bundy style.
reddit dyslexia strikes again.
reddit dyslexia strikes yet again, as I read that as the Krusty Tap. Just like most bars I frequent.
Here's to hoping that Jack Black abides, and stays just the way he is. I adore Jack Black.
"In a stance, hand down the pants!! Go Panthers!"
[Cue the Barbershop Quartet to assist! Bom bom bom bom....](http://www.adultswim.com/videos/family-guy/vasectomy-barbershop/)
Check out is anytime you like, so there's that...
Oooh! Just like Scientology!
Like, "pink champagne on ice " chill? Or "metal as fuck"? BTW I claim this new bandname. "stronglehold" \mm/ 3:)
My diet is just sperm! How *you* doin'? For the record, as a female (yes, that despised word that conjures visions of puppy mills and chromosomal sciencey truthiness) I can only stand and slow clap that you are taking this step to ensure your reproductive rights are honored.
AH! A WITCH! BURN HER! Hold my torch, I'm calibrating the scale!
Much yay, so wow, many congrats.
The scientific elemental designation for potassium is strong with this one.
Here, let me help "snip". Vasectomy complete.
*tosses gauntlet* I see your 100 duck size horses and raise by one horse size duck! What say ye?
Here, let me help. http://www.bestgore.com/ . Desensitization complete.
It takes two, baby...
I'm not the OP, but I'll skeptically break down the process: Sculpy or other polymer clay carved with exacto (shown), baked and painted; then carefully set atop a colored pencil whose "lead" was clipped with wire cutters and sanded to create a platform for the clay version of a Shrinky Dink. Edit: I am just joking, you do some awesome work - in b4 hurt feels :D
Black. Raven is black.
There's a thing called Crisco for that. Works on bird feeders too.
Not yet, anyway.
/r/watchpeopledie , anyone?
I've heard of that, and I won't watch/listen. This vid plus the Jim Jones tapes are quire enough for me.
Yeah he was only 14 iirc.
:) It had to be done.
...who lived in the house that Jack built?
Hmm. I've seen similar tactics on The Button. Am skeptical.
I tapped out at 10s red :D I enjoyed how reddit made it it's own and created beautiful things with one simple premise.
You mean, like [this?](https://www.google.com/search?q=moose+cookie+cutter&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1091&amp;bih=546&amp;tbm=isch&amp;imgil=KS7YAszuMAwMzM%253A%253Bp3GH7JxFl5EqSM%253Bhttp%25253A%25252F%25252Fwww.everydayrecipes.ca%25252Fblog.php%25253Fid%2525253D10&amp;source=iu&amp;pf=m&amp;fir=KS7YAszuMAwMzM%253A%252Cp3GH7JxFl5EqSM%252C_&amp;usg=__J85MbJlP29Daj9R8urW5I3d22Hg%3D&amp;ved=0CDEQyjc&amp;ei=1NyRVYOlJpKayATG2oCwDA#imgrc=KS7YAszuMAwMzM%3A&amp;usg=__J85MbJlP29Daj9R8urW5I3d22Hg%3D)
I enjoyed watching this Human interest story flash and burn. RIP in peace, Max.
I use the "Musical Chairs" method myself. Truly a FriendRoulette.
Churgatory.
I used old socks, and when I go out, I keep a folded square of heavy-duty paper towel in my purse. Kleenex is far too flimsy imo.
Fellow Rush fan here, A Farewell to Kings ftw!
As someone who can set something down and literally two minutes later lose that fucker, I can see how this would be entirely possible; also because I'm kind of an asshole and could see myself doing that to..erm...myself.
I agree. ONLY the parents of a child should be the ones to determine what to teach their kids about sexuality and the appropriate time/age to begin such discussions. I don't think it's up to those adults who feel they just HAVE to walk around in a hypersexualized manner because HEY THIS IS ME I AM PROUD AND I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK, instead of behaving in a socially acceptable manner when there are children present, to force parents' hands into explaining why that outlandish person is behaving that way.
It's not sexual repression to expect some public restraint, it's called "socially accepted behavior" and over time, the agenda seems to have succeeded: those who abide by and respect social norms and conventions are made to feel like THEY are the outliers, the bigots, the freaks. It's the fast-track method for acceptance - throw out hateful terms to label those who disagree and get the media (which we all know is a bastion of morality) behind your cause to legitimize and normalize it. Basically not seeking tolerance, not acceptance, not "rights" - but complete and total normalization of a sexual lifestyle, so "they" don't have to feel uncomfortable (because if no one disagrees with you, it's pretty comfortable, eh?) Now, let's get those adult diaper-wearers out front and center, so I can go out pamper-clad with my binky and not get hateful stares. You have the responsibility to NOT be offended, and you can just explain my presence to your kids however you want, because I certainly am not concerned about that. STOP OPPRESSING ME!
reddit-time is like dealer-time: OP (or OG, in this analogy) promises to deliver in 13 minutes, but it seems like HOURS to you (and if they're even 5 minutes late, you're blowing up their ~~phone~~ comment thread).
What does Tumblr have to do with this? I mean, I know they love their combinations, but still...
Brofish.
I opened this, and immediately felt a strange sense of melancholic anxiety, thanks to The Button.
"Fool me once, shame on... shame on you. Fool me - you can't get fooled again."
"Aaand ^aaaand ^^aaaand ^^^aaaaaad~ You put the load right on ^^you ^^put ^^the ^^load ^^.... Right on me..." -- The Band
Happy New Year from Harambee :D
I like how that woman with the chewed up lip says they don't sell anything there. Yeah right, lady, I've smoked enough crack to know you DO sell and you DO use. Disrespecting her kids, smh.
Get a poltergeist.
*Oh Barbara Manatee ^Manatee ^^Manateeee*
Splat. Right in the kisser.
I annoyed someone today! My work here is done.
Fuck you and your stupid smiley face and use of haha full stop periods. You can just fuck right off with that shit, fuckstain. Fuck. YOU! ^^And ^^your ^^minions ^^too! *^^^hand ^^^me ^^^my ^^^leather*
WE BE JAMMIN'
I want this. Yuo sell to me?
Which pancaked down at free fall speeds, no less. And the structural damage was only in the upper third of the buildings. And WTC7 wasn't even hit, but contained a lot of files as it was used mainly for storage. Files regarding, like Enron and shit.
AFAIK, they deep fry their batches which doesn't render the fat as well as traditional frying. At least for buffet style large crowd type cooking. Others have said baking but I can't see that happening in a large kitchen where so many other things are being prepared. Not a kitchen employee or anything.
Right? So now there is another avenue for minority-owned businesses. I don't see why there would be outcry against this. Are we not trying to encourage entrepreneurship in the underprivileged neighborhoods? They do not specify the demographics of these store owners, so I don't know... but hey, free market and all = you really should be going where the customers are. There is no winning. If the owner was white and chose not to locate there, they might be called racists. If the owner was white and located there, it's an attempt to gentrify. If the owner was black and chose not to locate there, they may be seen as abandoning their race as an Uncle Tom. If the owner was black and chose to locate there, they would be *gasp* contributing to the deliquency of their own people.
http://fox6now.com/2015/11/21/toddler-dies-after-older-siblings-put-her-in-oven-turn-it-on/
As much of what would seem to be a hateboner (or just a cliche) regarding Dean Koontz, his book, "One Door Away from Heaven" had some really chuckleworthy moments. That book is definitely on my top ten list.
Short people got no reason to live.
That Bill Murray AMA :D /u/808andhotcakes was the mod for that debacle. I'd like a followup to that disaster - what is she doing now?
Oh yeah, that's how I created a test result scoresheet that automatically retrieved and put the percentile values in cells from another worksheet. Doing Excel stoned is the only way to go, imo.
I thought I could drive drunk well, until I was told I needed to take classes.
Whoops, I meant "what is 808andhotcakes doing now?" Is she still a liaison? Good for Victoria, she was a class act all the way.
Well look at you go, you little wish granter!!
It's like a Trojan horse, but without the horse. Our country will be invaded with open arms. Glad I am pushing 50 and don't have much longer on this earth, and I also have no kids. This shit is just insane. Trump 2016
In order to see it, you may need a lantern.
[NO MORE!!](http://imgur.com/eU4PL6P)
But... doesn't that go against canon? Or something like that, I am far too loaded to make heads or tails of
I am perpetually out of the loop, thanks!
Late to the party but I have this as my ringtone :D
Your final percentage sign hit puberty, I think.
Hi Zombo.com!!
Yeah, and "champagne," and "black". It's sad as someone who loves her shiny things, the quality level of gemstone jewelry in general has gone down remarkably in the past few decades. I've seen diamonds listed for sale that are so included, they really should not have even been cut. My Mom had a D color near-flawless diamond in her wedding ring. She took it in to be reset and the jeweler switched stones. There was nothing my mom could do about it because they didn't laser ID them or graph the inclusions back then. You have to be VERY careful and educate yourself when purchasing fine jewelry.
Yes it is, but she had no idea until she got a prong tightened, and to get a new appraisal for insurance. She brought her paperwork from the initial purchase, and that's when they told her that it's not the same stone. :(
I buy only sterling and semiprecious stones like amethyst and tiger eye. I do have a few nicer stone/gold pieces but I get my fix with cheaper yet still very well made pieces. I recently scored a really nice tiger eye set with bracelet, necklace, earrings and ring all in sterling for eighty bucks American. You gotta get the right jeweler in India and make a test purchase first.
Not here in Wisconsin afaik, however I have had no need to check lately.
Aw man, sorry to hear that. The nineties were rough, lost quite a few friends during that decade. Good for you looking out though, your friend would have done it either way.
I am stunned that it is still standing. Thanks for coming through OP :)
Well, my father was a cop, so maybe there's more to the story than I know ;)
Yeah, I was young then, and chances are that in Waukegan, IL, that place is no longer open :D
Yeah, and the saddest part it that my Dad passed in July. It would have been nice for the original stone to still be in her ring (even though she doesn't wear it now, just to keep it in the family. It was a one carat stone!)
Because money has been thrown at underperforming schools, and yet culturally black people still don't want to learn; and racist policies favoring black people have been on the books for fifty years. What more can be done besides black people owning up to their problems and, for example, maybe not getting pregnant at 11, 12 years old? Stay in school, perhaps? I live in Milwaukee and we had a news segment regarding shelters (it's getting COLD out here now)... and they featured a single black woman with four kids, couldn't be older than 20 years old!! I've lived around and have socialized with black people all my life. There are problems within their community that only they can fix.
I know a guy who is homeless. Actually has a college degree. But he likes staying homeless for some reason, hangs around a local auto shop and would stay on the floor of one of the guys who lived in the same rooming house as I did when it got really cold. I've never gotten the vibe that he's crazy, actually he's a really nice guy :(
Anything done now will be just like putting out the fire with gasoline.
Actually, [this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/29kd1x/my_dead_girlfriend_keeps_messaging_me_on_facebook/) is pretty well done.
Thanks for the link, it's very helpful! Good on you for doing that.
Question: It seems to me that if I cook some soup on the gas stove in a pan, it retains the heat longer than if I stuck it in the nuker. Is that just my perception or is there any basis in fact for this?
You put the bread in the slots, and the wires get hot...you get toast. [YEAH TOAST!](https://youtu.be/0JB7NIdByTo?t=27s)
Basquiat?
OK then, maybe you'd be interested in this? http://blog.al.com/montgomery/2013/04/the_root_of_failing_schools_72.html Or maybe this: http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2015/08/black_violence_in_schools_white_people_to_blame.html Or these two? http://www.mprnews.org/story/2013/04/11/education/minneapolis-school-suspensions http://dailycaller.com/2015/05/15/oakland-kids-who-cuss-teachers-out-no-longer-need-to-fret-about-getting-suspended/ You can put the best teachers and the finest resources in a majority black school, but you aren't going to get results.
Ah I see now. I am not the brightest bulb in the chandelier. Thanks!
Upvoted, count me in.
I was thinking the other night, about if I won the lottery. I had read up on some stories of people who have won, and it wasn't pretty. The more I thought, the more I wouldn't want to win. Maybe a couple million, but anything over that, is just too life changing, too much (at least for me; I wouldn't want to have to live the way one would have to when uber-rich). I only want enough to be able to opt to work and maybe open an animal sanctuary. I'd probably freak the fuck out and go moneynuts.
She's already started.
Ugh glad you're OK! I am deathly afraid of big waters; I will never EVER take a cruise (god, how can people even do that?!) and will go in the ocean only when attended by lifeguards and the waves are relatively calm.
I got two that way when I lived out in the boonies in Oklahoma. I then got let go from my job with two weeks' severance. No friends or family in the area.. I had to beat feet. Saw a beagle wander onto the property, gave it food but didn't get close to it because I didn't want to get attached. I thought I had a home for my pitty, turned out that asshole in Tulsa took him to the pound (and if I ever cross paths with you, Johnny, you are toast) and I had to bring my other guy with me into town as I was heading out, car packed with all my belongings. Had to bring him in and act like I didn't even know him. Broke my heart. I did however, find a couple on Myspace (LOL!) who drove down from Kansas to take both of my cats together. I now have two cats and a dog, and live in a house, very stable. I never sought out those other critters, they came to me (one kitten the pitty found in the abandoned house down the lane). That being said, I will never get animals unless I have 100% certainty that I can provide a stable, safe environment for the rest of their lives. It saddens me to this day when I think about my other kids out there, and what probably happened to them. And that poor beagle :( People fucking suck.
Aww she even looks so sad.
Confirmed my thoughts about the breeders. Goddamn it. "TAKE ANY YARD TO THE NEXT LEVEL" Yeah, like my fucking neighbors who got a pit and left her outside alone for over a year. I played with her, she dug under the fence all the time to escape to us; but the asshole next door wouldn't have it (I got in his face when I was drunk one night). I finally called animal control and the next day, she was gone. FUCK those people and these assholes who are running this disgusting puppymill. Animals breeding animals, smh.
I'm going to bet that its the same type of ~~person~~ useless criminal thug who has 10-15k to drop on a dog for show because ~~at work they do horrible things~~ they deal drugs and say ~~"This looks cool and is totally ethical".~~ pretty much nothing because they let their dogs do their talking. That's better.
Our Sheriff Clarke of Milwaukee County basically said "protect yourself, shoot center mass. Because the cops may not always get there in time. You gotta be responsible and protect yourself." Never really liked our esteemed Cowboy, but he makes an excellent point.
You mean, [this guy?](http://imgur.com/Ozm8TA2) I worked at a place that used these fans :)
Damn. I like my ass tho ;)
I just remembered that I need a Slapchop - thanks!
I grew up in the 70's and grade school used E, S,U or I (Excellent, Satisfactory, Unsatisfactory [the Big U] or Incomplete). Then starting in junior high (or 'middle' school, typically 7-8 grade) we started getting the A-F system.
Everything I know about Dune I learned from Iron Maiden.
Or the one who fell in the barrel of German fermented cabbage. He was a trout-in-kraut.
I don't disagree, and I never once stated that these people aren't deserving of assistance. I was just talking about ONE dude I know, that's it. Most homeless, it seems, do need some sort of mental assistance, I see them on the streets every day as I live in a large Midwestern city that has cold winters. Just today a guy was on the corner literally screaming YOU GOT CHANGE? at everyone who walked by. I shook my head no when he got to me, then he yelled, BITCH. I said Oh, fuck off and kept on my way. I then got on the bus and saw another homeless dude who's a fixture on the bus system. He's much older and more out of it than Corner Yelling Man, although he does yell at everyone passing on the bus in the same manner. I gave him my change. He's never said thanks, but he's never called me a bitch.
How about [this poor guy who got his ass kicked for trying to build a community center?](http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2015/06/05/keep-going-brother-support-pours-in-for-man-beaten-up-while-trying-to-build-community-center/) Fuck all those little gangster thugs. Let their own take them out. They don't give a shit, why should anyone else?
Me too. I get stoned, then go about my day doing productive things, like laundry and making a delicious potato soup. I'm older so I've been smoking daily for well over 25 years; it makes all the difference whenever I entertain the thought of smoking rock again. :D
fuck everyone in this thread I need money
RemindMe! 2 days Donation for /r/millionairemakers
Huh, I may have to try that. We've always used Tidy Cat Multiple Cat clumping (we have two); and we get the large containers with the handles that we repurpose for dog and cat food bins. With the weather getting cold here in Wisconsin, the kids are spending more time indoors. That coupled with snow on the ground means they don't do their business outside as much. We have a pet room and the litter box is a large plastic mechanic's oil pan we keep in the closet that has a small access port for the kitties. I will try the crystals next time we go shopping, thank you! And congratulations on your new owner :D
Our hound gets her butt going so hard her tail whips around and hits her in the face. So when we come home and she's really exited, she prances in place with her eyes closed and her butt all a-wiggle, doing her hound squeak, tail coming around on each rotation and smacking her noggin. It's hilarious. That thing really hurts, too!!
We don't get out to Target much, it's out on the far west side of the city. :( Maybe Menard's or FleetFarm have other options.
I live in a very old house, built in 1903. There have been many times that I have heard a crash upstairs (just last night!) and have gone up to see what was up. Cat comes zooming down the stairs, expect to see shit all over the floor. Nothing out of place. At ALL.
A week? For some long term users, it stays a lot longer than that. I never smoke before work. Strictly after-work. It's ridiculous that someone can go on a crack binge and two days later piss clean, but people who smoke weed have their careers on the line simply because of the way the drug is metabolized in the system. I was on pre-trial probation many years ago, and had to Breathalyze every week and do a piss test randomly. I had a set appointment for each week and could (and did) smoke dope on the weekend and clean by Wednesday. I showed up positive for weed on the initial test, which was OK because they used that as baseline and expected that every subsequent test would show less and less, or else it was a violation. Which I did. No weed, just crack smh.
Yup, I was surprised too. (I think a lot of it was really the shock of the loss, coupled with the mental confusion caused by the low salt levels). Thanks for your kind words, glad to bring awareness to this potential condition :)
I ordered from rosewholesale. I (was) a thinner gal, and felt like a sausage in one of the sweaters I got from them! Misrepresented one other item, and just not worth it when I have a TJ Maxx just a block from where I work.
He's in jail now.
Well, technically, it IS *inner ear*. Waaaaay inner ear.
Me too, friend. July 20, 2015. :'( First Christmas without him this year; the hardest, most adult thing I had to do was fly down to see Mom and experience the house without him in it. Fucking almost killed me. Slept on the couch the whole time, I couldn't sleep in Dad's room. So sorry for your loss.
$5 to you via Paypal. Best of luck to you!
My parents were so un-involved in my teen years, they didn't even bat an eye when I started talking to a guy who got the wrong number, and he and his friends picked me up a couple hours later. I'd be up at 2:30 am waiting for my boyfriend to get off work and we'd sit in his car in front of my house getting stoned and screwing. My dad would be just coming home from shift (cop) and ask where I was going. I turned tables on him and said, "Out." (because that's the only answer he'd give my Mom anytime he was leaving). He just said OK. Now mind you, when we moved to the town he was a cop in (he was made Acting Chief and if he wanted a shot at Chief, he had to live in the town he was serving), that shit stopped. Nothing like being walked home from a party by a boy and having your Dad pull up in a squad telling you to get in the damn car. The same Dad who didn't give two shits about the same girl, a year younger, meeting her BF at 2:30 am. RIP Dad. I lost my virginity at 14.
So sorry to hear of your loss :( Thank you for sharing.
Yup - that's why I use that term :D
It's a siphon!
They're SO hard to come by out-of-season anyway. It only makes sense to wait 'til Spring. "I like children. They are tasty."
Comrades, comrades please! Stop this arguing and let's have some vodka.
There are days that I think, "Hey, it's a good time to throw on some makeup so I can transform like this woman! It'll be fun!!" then I do it, and look just like me but with a shitload of makeup on, and I consider myself pretty skilled in the arts of spackle 'n paste. However, I do not pluck eyebrows or use fake lashes. I shudder to think of how I'd look if I did. I stick with some concealer, liner and mascara; and a brush of tinted mineral powder overall. Anything more and I look terrible.
Have you tried turning it off then on again?
Google SeaOrg.
For sherpa! But I think the end of this thread is Rainier.
They should neatly roll it up and stand it in a dry corner in your doorway. Operative word: *should*.
In a town in Arkansas they have A-1 Boarding for the Elderly. I had to do a triple take to be sure I was seeing things right. Sorta like a kennel, I assume. Then I went to Pryor, OK. Don't ask why. Everyone knows the way to get good tips on places to rent and jobs when you're new in town is to head to the local bar. In this case it was a dive called the Adult Day Care Center :D
Tim does not run that restaurant. He gives hugs and hangs out. Sure he owns it, but he does nothing more than entertain the customers. Which is great if you want that kind of thing. I myself would prefer not to be hugged at random by anyone, thanks, so I will not go there. To each their own. I can almost picture him with a little green visor, pencil in hand, tongue sticking out as he balances the books.
Fifty Shades of Graying - A tale of love and loss, debauchery and disappointment amongst the senior community of Sun City, AZ. Edit: no time to scroll, getting ready for work DAMMIT.
It's like that cartoon "Word World." Everything is drawn as their name, like the pets in the commercial.
Systemic racism, huh? Seems to me that lenders were practically required not long ago to give out loans to *anyone,* even, and especially, minorities, those with no credit history and no employment checks were done. Then these people defaulted (no, really???) and the default loans were bundled and sold off, causing a MASSIVE tumble of the real estate market. Not to mention that blacks can get into Ivy League schools with lower SAT scores. And get into medical school with *drastically* lower scores. Also, while were at it, can someone tell me why any government contract requires the use of a specific percentage of minority and/or woman-owned subcontractors? Oh that's right, systemic racism. Poor things. I don't know why they just can't seem to get a leg up. edit: I agree with DarkAngel's reasoned responses in this thread, but that term "systemic racism" is such bullshit.
Your dedication is admirable.
And this, friends, is how the Pastafarian religion sprouted its first extremist noodly appendage.
There's was an e-store selling black t-shirts with random Norwegian words like broccoli written like a death metal logo. [It was linked here.](https://www.np.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3n1xem/get_your_shit_together_party_cannon/cvkak4p) Looks like it either went under or got a huge infux of orders, as there is no availability of any of them. Should have gotten one while I could. :(
*with extreme prejudice
Pink Floyd and Marilyn Manson took advantage of that imagery. I've never seem Floyd but did see Manson for the Antichrist Superstar tour [in LaCrosse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQTjCSVF0E8) and it was amazing. Edit this video is crappy but I think it was the first city they played in for this tour. So I drove across state to go.
Wow, that was really interesting! You definitely have the life experiences and way with words to write a book, which I would definitely purchase and read :) Keep us posted!
That crazy cracker up on the hill with all his ass-animals should know. *Should*. (edit: it's a south park reference)
*Family. Child abuse by a film member is pretty well known around Hollywood.
*Uh huhhh, it ain't no big thing.* whoops that's lita ford sorry.
[The Del Amo Fashion Mall. Mostly. ^Mostly.](https://youtu.be/0SQpPGzdfsc?t=1m10s)
I concur.
Ripped from the headlines!!
So "edgy" to hate and mock white people nowadays smh... I mean, this was funny, but it should have been titled "Some People..." and shown more diverse examples because, as another astute redittor above noted, *everybody* gives or gets silly sounding names. Except Native Americans. Fallen Buzzard, Quinn Yellowfeather and Blue Rock are **kickass** names.
Chit-chat redirected to twoglassesofwine.net l return allgood.exe
It was also directed by Paul Michael Glaser (aka Starsky of "Starsky and Hutch" fame). And David Soul (Hutch) went on to bring us ["Don't Give Up On Us, Baby."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY8APrYU2Gs) You're welcome.
The cat toupee is still up, and was up yesterday as I lol'd and showed it to my roommate when he got home.
http://imgur.com/pIBbnbB
twenty one pilots is working on that, they're thinking they'll probably only sell one.
Wish I still had mine. Gave them to a single dad who had a little girl, they lived next door to me in the same apartment building. This was back when I was 25, didn't think twice about maybe one day still wanting to set them all up :(
+1 for discombobulated :D
Liberia. Give them Liberia. We'll see how wonderfully talented they all are, by God's grace, without Whitey holding them down. Guaranteed to go to shit within a generation.
Uh oh, here comes the gentrification! Everything White people do is wrong.
Those are the AVN's.
I loved MySpace, my page kicked ass, total custom job on that - it's how I learned the rudimentaries of HTML and had friends around the world. The comment chains that resulted from pages like Totally Random Shit were reddit-esque in that they had a following and regular contributors. You could also ~~stalk~~ find people near you and maybe hook up (at least, that's what I hear *ahem*)
Creepy can also describe an atmosphere, an aura, a generally unsettled vibe, a perv or other eerily "repulsive for reasons you can't quite figure out" people or things. I kinda like the pics of things like a dark misty forest. I think it fits into the spirit of the sub. As to any cat pictures being submitted and upvoted, I can't say that I've seen those, and I visit /r/creepy probably every 2 days or so.
To be fair, the term "creepy" is rather subjective. Some people may find a creep factor in misty dark forests, whereas others will define "creepy" less as disturbing than scary. I don't think "creepy" necessarily requires "scary." I mean, that video of the soccer dad basically feeling up his own daughter live on aussie TV is pretty damn creepy, as is Shay St. John. Eerie and disturbing are more in line with my own personal definition of "creepy," yours may differ.
[Here you go!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pMifJt0m1w) The little nip pinch at the end tho. D:
skimmed your comment as I've heard it all before. You yourself say that about 3% of black people are criminals... out of 12-13% of all black people. Break it down, take away the elderly and kids (generously) up to 18 years - and you have what percentage? Eight? OK then, you are saying that every six out of eight black people age 18-50 are criminals. If a black doctor is your most educated acquaintance, you found the one anecdote that trumps 98% of all the other anecdotes that are aggregated into the data we just went over.
That's more important to me than any presumed market value. I just kinda would have liked to save my rearing white Arabian. And by that I do mean my model horse.
He offered, as I was in a bind, and that's what friends do. He offered in hopes of sexual favors. You must be sad that's the only reason you get laid.
right? Now THAT shit's creepy af
Fair enough, I do possess tits.
*backs away slowly*
I've had about 3/1000000 equivalent of skyy vodka, does that count?
Let's go to the mall!!!
I'm in, I love creepy crawlies. And insects.
Uh oh, hot dog!
[Let's do this!](http://imgur.com/PQvVPev)
Too damn bad, go!
Huh. Dingo ate your baby, m8?
What are you doing up at this hour? sorry, my bad. still funny thanks though, xposted to reactiongifs
Here are the [census stats for 2014](http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html) As to my responding to your answer, you did not link me to any specific article. One that shows, since oh say, the last 25 years ("modern day"), that these instances have happened. Any link will do; I will research from whatever sources you have to offer LINKED please. I really am interested in knowing how, in that time frame, blacks have been systematically denied a) the vote, b) rights to representation, and c) predatory lending (NOT meaning, Whitey giving away loans to people who want to fuck the system by taking out mortgages they could not afford). I concede that for-profit secondary education is a terrible blight as well as title loan or any other fast-cash credit schemers. But you cannot deny that there are MANY classrooms around the country where students [JUST DON'T WANT TO LEARN.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLP1GHpijpk) As I noted about the Wild 100's, there are no parents to be seen when it comes to their spawn. I live and work right in northcentral Milwaukee. Grew up in Waukegan IL. I was a drug addict. I guarantee you I've seen every color of the spectrum, bad and good of all races. This is just one of many instances, you too can use Google to see what happens for real in many schools across the country that usually have a name like Preparatory Science and Space-Type Stuff or Academy for the Arts and Excellence in Mediocrity and Lowered Expectations. Again please cite some sort of credible evidence of systemic racism towards black people. And I can rebut with evidence of [sneak attacks by government to build Section 8 housing in the suburbs](http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/bs-md-housing-segregation-20151212-story.html) without a vote. Hey, you wanna be separate? GREAT. Go be separate without the evil devil Whitey. See how far that takes you. (You in general terms, not you specifically). Can we please skip rehashing the same rhetoric regarding voter ID laws though? Because you need an ID for practically anything... to get food stamps/WIC/section 8 etc. so that dog don't hunt.
~~Tomorrow's~~ TODAY'S FTFY Cheers!
Um not when in my opinion, a lot of those are decidedly not creepy. Let's take [number two of all time](https://www.np.reddit.com/r/creepy/comments/40e29o/had_to_walk_by_this_in_my_building_at_3am/) My lint trap is creepier.
The Station Nightclub Fire. A must watch.
My roommate is alcoholic. Brought home a megasized bottle of Skyy Vodka Thursday night. It was half full yesterday. This morning, not even half a pint left in the bottle. He may stumble a bit and get a little argumentative, but for the most part he seems perfectly OK. He's ran out of booze and driven to the liquor store before, but not often. I am really glad I slowed down on my consumption, one night a week is enough for me!
I agree.
Oh yeah I remember the dryer sheets one now, thanks for the additional info :)
Well, it IS a gladiator after all...
I lived in a rooming house down the hall from Gary. Gary couldn't hear too well so he had his TV up loud, and he also liked keeping his door open. I can't even count the number of times I've woken from a very lifelike dream of winning it big at a casino. Because of the Price is Right Big Wheel spins and wins. DING DING DING DING!! Goddamn you Gary.
Hard hats are now safety helmets, which I thought were motorcycle helmets until I learned severely autistic kids wear them too. Also, chicken wire is now known as poultry netting. Look it up! If no one can agree on the names I can't see how anyone can agree on color.
The selfies were of his ex-girlfriend as explained in caption #2, not the roommate, fyi. :)
I've connected it with Bugs Bunny my whole life.
AAAAAAaaaaah!!! *teethsuck* &lt;repeat&gt;
Gawd you can just see the shock of the impact run up his arm, damn.
At about 1:08 in [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPhI9GI6QS8_) you can really see how he handles himself, very loud and seemingly a bit out of control.
I'm getting up in years and thought about getting into a city job, but I worked at City Hall as a temp, and man the shit people get away with - I don't think I'd last just because of the other people that work there.
Woah. Good angle VP!
All of the above, add tarantulas, scorpions, centipedes... although I don't know if any of those could kill you, per se. I lived in very rural Oklahoma, and the absolute worst thing I ever lived through was the [damn 2007 ice storm.](http://www.claremoreprogress.com/news/local_news/chilling-memories-ice-storm/article_d2f4b830-e176-5905-a5a4-935e837b8039.html) My power was out for two and one half weeks. Couldn't get out of the house for about four days, and my water was pumped with an electric pump from the lake SO no water (at least stove was propane and I had a stockpile of bottled water). Had to take a baseball bat to some boards in the garage for the fireplace, eventually had to go live in town with a co-worker, but drove to my house every night because two dogs and two cats. EDIT: I drank quite a bit during this time, and was glad my car was in the garage so I could get warm and watch a movie or listen to music on my laptop. [It was surreal.](https://www.google.com/search?q=oklahoma+ice+storm+claremore+2007&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwijpoKV1c_KAhULkIMKHa7DDJEQsAQIHA&amp;biw=1240&amp;bih=621) :( I do not miss living there.
Apple n cheddar, classic combo :D Wisco ftw
I love to cook, and while visiting my mom (who has cable), I saw a show on a restaurant, Marea, and their [stellar squid dish](http://newyork.seriouseats.com/2009/07/marea-nyc-manhattan-michael-white-fusilli-fussili-pasta-octopus-bone-marrow.html) with housemade fusilli and bone marrow. It's not something I would attempt to cook, but I'd love the chance to taste it!
[Here's a typical encounter.](https://youtu.be/V4qqoxvqERw?t=1m1s)
Sorry for late reply - 100 bucks.
A shop owned by glass blowers in downtown Milwaukee. If it breaks (and it's about 3/8" thick at least, I am hard on my shit) they will repair it. I looked up the branding (Genius Scientific) and don't see much at all online. Comparable triple honeycomb with splashguard/bubbler and ice crimps online are like double what I paid. I got 25 bucks off because dude was late to open the day before.
I got some 91% iso alcohol and swish after each use - too damn pretty to muck up! Thanks for the advice :D
It's about 13 inches tall.
Nah, got a really good deal.
I kinda think it's all just publicity at this point, I mean Shrkeli's going down as is (I think and hope) so it seems they may be in cahoots. WuTang stands to gain quite a bit from the all this "drama".
It's kinda like that; I like to shop local - they will repair if ever broke :)
Me too. Saw it as a kid, and read the book as a teen. Brutal!!
The Reverse Baptism shall only be performed using stainless steel, iirc.
So saucy.
One of my best memories of my dad is when we were hanging out outside by the fire, just bullshitting, having a few drinks. Go to go back in the house, he says something about "don't walk that way," and of course I'm like, "Huh? Why?..." I tripped on a tree root and fell flat on my face. Dad came over and helped me up, saying "See? Daddy told you not to go that way!" We had a great laugh over that one - I was 36 years old or so.
Reminds me of [this](http://imgur.com/vyBne6V).
It IS the bomb. 99 cent 2-liters down at the gas station.
^ Pretty sappy up there.
Should have blasted "Aces High" during the show too!!
I, too, love cats; even more so now!
Huh, so that's how Leopold &amp; Loeb got their name. Always wondered but never cared to Google. Thanks!
loopdeloops is becoming gallowboob - great content loops!
oh my god yes; I must rewatch this TODAY!
I, too, loved the headbands. But even my stupid, fashion sense-less self knew that they were out by 1988. Peak headband was 1981-83.
It's the go-to wake-n-bake reading.
It was imcomparable! This year's thing sucked, I didn't participate at all. But the Button was my obsession for three months man. That's like, a record given my attention span.
Red Guard checking in (filthy purp).
The [NASCAR dude drinking and redditing](https://np.reddit.com/r/NASCAR/comments/3czldb/i_c_an_feel_the_earth_move_below_me/) was pretty funny too.
If they did make bows and arrows, the arrows would come back to you.
I don't think the Sentinelese have the Olympics.
Something that was never yours in the first place?
aka: hire idiots because we say so (stupidity is surely an attribute, correct?)
The [Cecil Hotel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Elisa_Lam) has really upped their game.
I hate kids as much as the next shitlady but this was just awful.
I passed Karmacourt bar exam, and I have the papers around here somewhere, just gimme a sec...
damn, this needs to be on screened onto an actual umbrella.
Yes, but some of them are written very well. [This one](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/29kd1x/my_dead_girlfriend_keeps_messaging_me_on_facebook/) is #2 of all time and I remember when it was first posted - good stuff, give it a read :D
[This is #2 of all time](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/29kd1x/my_dead_girlfriend_keeps_messaging_me_on_facebook/) and I thoroughly enjoyed it, as well as the one you are referencing. A fun sub, imo.
there were plants and birds and rocks and things... no wonder the horse didn't have a damn name
Hangin' chad
shift it shift it in forward, shift it shift it in reverse...
Here! Here!
Dude at a Chicago club had holes in the skin between the Achilles tendon and the ankle, and liked being hung by meathooks in them. I know a lot more about certain fetishes than I'd care to admit; I don't want to out myself or anyone else, so this statement stands on it's own.
Ram it, ram it, ram it up your poop chute!
Banana.
Red, yellow, green is what we always used.
The sub actually has the power, which engenders the trust aspect you speak of. Red/yellow/green or safeword system is essential.
You know those haunted houses where you have to sign a waiver because they WILL hold you against your will, etc.? I don't know the thought process behind those either, but you'd have to at least assume you are not leaving the experience with any trauma that would necessitate medical intervention.
why not just green, yellow, red? Lot fewer words in the mix.
Yep. This was back in the early 90's when piercing got big.
this is necessary.
My mom had very low sodium (dad passed last year July from congestive heart failure after aneurysm repair, so they didn't have any salt in their diet). A few months after, she thought someone was breaking into her house and prowling around the property. Since Dad was a cop, she lost both her husband and her complete sense of security; and, since Dad was a cop, there were still firearms in the house. Turns out she shot the 9mm from her bedroom down the hall. Cops came, took her in, never made a report, and handed her over to geriatric psych. I wish so much she didn't live so far away. She'd been with my Dad for over fifty years.
My cat brings them in to play with too.
capitulation.
Whoops :( That too.
[Yep.](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/weird-news/lists/mckamey-manor-this-extreme-haunted-house-is-the-stuff-of-nightmares-9816650.html)
Me too (Wisconsin). Moved for a time to Oklahoma, thankfully right on a lake. There's something about knowing that due east, the land ends and there's a YUGE body of water. And that lake effect breeze in the summer...
Master starts something you enjoy - green Master's whipping is getting a little harsh - yellow Master is drawing blood and you are starting to feel woozy - red. All in accordance with what you can/will handle.
When my order is incorrect half the time, and the food is not prepped well (for example, when the chicken patty just came from the fryer and is plopped immediately on the bun essentially draining all the grease onto said sandwich) then I get a little ticked that fast food workers want 15 bucks an hour. It's sad that there are people nowadays that HAVE to work fast-food, but if that's your skillset then maybe don't have kids? It really is supposed to be a stepping-stone job.
Some people have never lived in large cities with a "core," so they think everyone who receive benefits is honest with a good work ethic. Sorry, suburbanite, many if not most of those folks see "gaming the system" as a fucking career.
OK then, walk around my area's "hood" and you will see people "working," leaning against the wall helping to hold it up as they panhandle all the live long day. Nice work ethic there-can stand in front of the liquor store panhandling at 7am in the rain but can't get their asses over to the job center.
Nope, they now have QR code or something as your "prize," kinda like how cereal doesn't have the cool toys in them anymore :( So glad to have grown up in the 70's with lawn darts and all.
We have kids who eat the damn laundry detergent pods here in the States. So yeah, pretty dumb kids.
shut up.
But then all roads would look like bumper bowling lanes! Now hold my juicebox while I run into that ginger standing over by the pothole in my Barbie Jeep. Mark it as a spare, Donnie.
https://youtu.be/oIXGpScZ0Cg https://youtu.be/8NVVwZVd6ZM
1001 Nacht, so worthy of poetry and song. Lance, the bow amongst bows, cast aside as the affair wound down. This little piece of railing in a church, or the organ itself (haha, organ). In all seriousness, this is a great doc! Also, check out Guys and Dolls. edit: 1001, not 1000. oopsie.
Late reply, but accessories branded Coach, Louis Vuitton, Michael Kors etc.
I knew a British lad and a girl from Chicago that enjoyed that, she was an animator actually, and carved an awesome carousel horse too. It's not as uncommon as people think, not at all.
https://youtu.be/3NQ3kXLKfDM
A more detailed article: http://newstalk1130.iheart.com/onair/common-sense-central-37717/the-real-rules-for-not-getting-14724139/
One dollar!
Seems that people like to buy expensive shades and watches. Me? Nope. I lose thing too easily and am hard on those things I miraculously hang on to. Does it work? Look decent? Great, wrap it up!
Except the last one. Sheriff Clarke is more succinct: get your gun and shoot center mass. I live here in a 'hood, and it's awful in the city nowadays. I used to be able to walk home relatively safely even into the wee hours of the AM (was crackhead, did dumb things); but now I rarely step out of my house 'cause it's just too dangerous. Even in broad daylight it's not safe.
Yeah, I never liked Clarke much at all, that cowboy-hat wearing doofus. I voted for Bob Donovan myself. They took away oversight of the MCC-South from Clarke a while ago from what I remember.
The patient-served food where I was laid up was awesome! Had a menu and everything.
Yep, sure does!
Got away with check kiting for a long time. Was an addict, worked like this (probably doesn't anymore as checks clear instantaneously now): Get paid on Fridays with a check. On Wednesday: Go to ATM and "deposit" money, but don't put money in envelope. Take out some cash (the ATM allows you to take some of the deposit immediately). Next day, go to grocery store and write out check for cash in amount to cover ATM withdrawal plus extra for today's fix. Go to ATM and actually deposit said money with note (oops!) Check will clear next day (payday!) and won't bounce. There, you just managed to get some cash to tide you over :D I did this a LOT in the late 90's early 2000's.
That's why you always bring a shifty-looking friend to deflect attention.
I hate taking the bus to work and seeing the Chargers and other new muscle cars dropping some woman and three kids off at the YWCA (where our welfare and other "programs" are administered.) And women get off the bus with their Eddie Bauer doubledecker strollers, MK bags and Northface jackets at the same place. People don't think welfare fraud or abuse is real. It is, people. One of our local corner quickmarts is a plaintiff in a lawsuit against the US; the feds cut off his QWEST -taking abilities; their own ledgers show that they would charge the cards and give back cash. Multiple transactions of $100 to $300, day after day, always an even amount. So now Ahmed and his cousins are mad and actually suing!! (I know this because I worked for a court reporting firm so I saw the transcript and exhibits of the ledgers).
EAA death trip
loud ass boom cars - when I can hear (feel) your car on the 17th floor downtown we have a problem not to mention the fact I can not enjoy my own damn property (cookouts, etc.)
pew pew pew
I'd volunteer for euthanasia. At that point I don't want to live. Dad just passed this last summer, and I would love to go out like he did at 71 years old. He knew we knew to let him go. I wanna be just like him. I have no kids or anyone to care if I die, and my sister's kids are getting none of whatever I may leave.
No there's still a sticky thread.
Page is *still* trying to load three minutes later, so many deleted comments!
I just unsubbed and they are literally shedding subs. Hundreds per second. xxx197 down to xxx081 within the time it took to refresh the page.
They're just shedding subscribers. Will go there now: xxx960. Now, it's xxx804, in the time it took to refresh the page. edit: about two minutes later and at xxx571. edit 2: fuck your downvotes whilst I bend over and let you kiss my ass.
Unsubbed here too, /r/news is simply shedding subscribers now! Hundreds per refresh! UNSUB!!!
me either. went thru the pao shit last year, this will hopefully get some people "woke" as the yoots like to say.
shut the fuck up I can be proud of my culture. good enough for people shooting shit up, why not for a productive white woman? Shit's fucked from bottom up.
I know, and I just about did. I am the last person to get a big head.
I put this comment up 5 hours ago: "They're just shedding subscribers. Will go there now: xxx960. Now, it's xxx804, in the time it took to refresh the page. edit: about two minutes later and at xxx571." I've just checked now and their count is 8929562. Refreshed 30 seconds later, and their count is 8929459. And yet 30 seconds later, it's 8929318. About 100 people are unsubbing per 30 second window at the very least. 8929127 now.
Someone who travels with carnivals, such as you might see at a church festival or mall parking lot. Some carnival folk are reputable, but here in Milwaukee Summerfest no longer has a midway (a section of a fair or festival that has games and rides; aka carnie-ville.) Attracts a bad crowd. Travelers with these pop-up sideshows are shady and a lot of times those working the circuit are drug addicts and the like. I met a family of bikers from Oklahoma who did the carnie circuit and yeah, I'd take my chances on the streets of my city rather than travel around with those shysters. It's a nasty racket.
Since 5:31 cst, /r/news has gone from 8928707 to 8925447. The Donald has gone from 152314 to 152588. A net gain of 274 for the Don and a net loss of 3260 for /r/news.
Oh hell's bells I should have included that sub. Adding to spreadsheet now!
I have been tracking sub drop of /r/news and gains by /r/the_donald in a spreadsheet since 5:30pm CST. I added this sub and will track gains. Posting results here and at /r/the_donald at 9pm CST today.
I have been tracking sub drop of /r/news and gains by /r/the_donald in a spreadsheet since 5:30pm CST. I added this sub and will track gains. Posting results here and at /r/the_donald at 9pm CST today. It's just li'l ol' me so it's just data without the beautiful :D edit: here it is http://imgur.com/vW47hOV
If I had a dick I'd be too busy shoving it up their collective asses.
The security theatre we've implemented since 9-11 is a smokescreen it seems, and if I weren't a dyed-in-the-wool murican I'd almost say that there's a wee bit of orchestration behind all of this. Ignore the elephant in the room while ineffectually impeding on citizen's fourth amendment rights just to board a god damn plane to get to mexico for vacation. All the while THIS SHIT HAPPENS. Short of banning immigration of Muslims, what are we do do? Never Islam - repeat - NEVER ISLAM! Goddamnit I am so fucking angry right now that I might throw on some Toby Keith.
Can you source any censorship on /r/the_donald specifically re: this story?
The unpopular minorities are certainly causing trouble though. And it's high time we recognize this fact.
here you go! I made dis. http://imgur.com/vW47hOV
I made dis. Not pretty but telling. http://imgur.com/vW47hOV
exactly these mods have blood on their collective hands. Bunch of ISIS sympathizers and BLM'ers the lot of 'em.
No.
His account is now deleted, and I wonder what new name he's gonna use to get back on the mod team?
I put together a snapshot in a spreadsheet of /r/news and /r/The_Donald shedding/adding subscribers and later added /r/uncensorednews to show it's growth [here](http://imgur.com/vW47hOV)
don't forget to tell ur trouble and strife where you're going.
Tripe is fucking delicious, I totally agree!
There's been a lot of kerfuffle over the mods here, but I don't really care what their ideology is... from what I've seen here so far (which isn't much, admittedly) I don't see any of the vitriol or bigotry here. So far, anyway.
Exactly. No more playtime!! This is the top comment because it is really the best advice. Also, you may want to view these incidents in the broader scope of your relationship; you may want to reassess whether you wish to even continue this relationship.
OK so this is the second time I've seen a story like this. This one states that they invited the classmates *two years prior* and no one showed up. You can't force kids to do things they just do not want to do. So why don't the parents take their kid out to Chuck E. Cheese with some cousins or something instead of getting his hopes up every year when they *know* this would happen? Nope, gotta get big. Gotta go to the cops to get THEM to come. And as you say, now you've REALLY set him up for disappointment. I was a weird kid. Man, if my parents embarrassed me like that (putting me at the center of all that attention of strangers who were forced to come to my "party",) I'd just curl up and cry. I knew I was different and I was smart enough to sense being pandered to. Just my opinion of these "heartwarming" stories that are just parents getting overly bent out of shape about their kids' not having many friends, if any at all. I didn't, and now I'm great socially (took me a while, we didn't recognize autism in the seventies when I grew up). But the parents need to temper their kids' expectations, it will serve them well for the rest of their lives.
https://youtu.be/KqE14og1cQ8
Not far from Disney :)
That's one of the reasons we have "recombobulation areas" at Mitchell. It's also so you can get yourself together after you get through security.
Didn't you use protection? There's always that chance of [inking yourself.](https://youtu.be/xOPONXxfw5g)
If you want to see pros go after these scammers (and you will not believe how awesome some of those stories are!) check out 419eater.com. Look at completed. Badges are awarded to master trolls for reporting and disabling sham bank accounts, "safaris" (instances in which they make the scammer travel quite a distance in order to meet their 'mark'), and more. Note their warnings about taking them on yourselves if you get hyped reading these uber-burns. :D
You need [this](http://allnurses.com/general-nursing-discussion/whats-your-best-108202.html) in your life. 195 pages of comments going since 2009. Get some popcorn, settle back in your favorite cozy chair and turn your ringer off :D
When ATMs first got to be a thing they used different networks (Cirris is another one), but the biggest was Tyme ("Tyme is Money" was their catchphrase), so now any ATM is usually called a Tyme machine.
I've a scar down the middle of my chest and it's from surgery to repair a bent sternum (pectus excavatum). So there's that. Also I had it when I was 9 and the top surgeon at Childen's Hospital in Chicago made sure to curve the scar so it's actually very well placed given my cleavage.
Oh yeah it was worth it. I had very little room for my organs to grow so I kinda needed it. I was so young that I don't remember anything as to lung capacity but I did have to do breath exercises, and I can really rip a bong so maybe? On the other hand, my breast development was affected so at age 21 (about 28 years ago, yipes!) I got corrective surgery and implants. The original silicone implants they pulled from the market. I have rheumatoid arthritis that flares up every now and then, and I have been in touch with my original plastic surgeon so that once I get insurance through work I can get mine replaced. All in all, glad to have done both :) Thanks for asking!
I've said over and over again that decrim is the way to go for all of the reasons outlined in these comments. I was a very hardcore cocaine/crack addict. So much so, that dealers would have me test their batches when they came to use the "calculator" (scale) and leave me the bits on the plate. I also dealt coke at the time, and being the early-mid 90's there was some spectacular cocaine out there, such that when cooked up, the oil was almost clear and oiled up so nicely, gave you an orgasmic hit, and then you came down. You could eat, your eyes didn't twitch, all that nastiness, just not there. I also IV'd cocaine. The difference between using ether to process coke vs. kerosene (that left a dark oil in the pipe that was awful to smoke, I wouldn't touch that shit) or acetone (crazed the rig, couldn't use more than once due to the chemical)... is huge in itself. Ether got banned, or something; and then all the shit came. Definitely, incontrovertibly the purity of the substances matter the MOST in the argument for decrim. All the other shit will *go away*.
And the only one YOU can control.
before even looking I bet you are talking about Earthlings. I am a regular lurker at watchpeopledie and related subs, and even I won't tread in those waters. I gave up hard drugs without Faces of Crack (as I would be a poster child)... and I will come around and make better decisions when I am good and ready, shock vids or no. edjit: yep, earthlings. I know, I get it, I really do; and I cannot stomach that so thanks anyway.
first korea best korea I have now been banned from /r/pyongyang
*She said she wanted my body and not my mind so I showed her my dictionary to show the words that I know and from not what I examined I can be how loquacious when I set my mind down to it* But she wasn't impressed. No no no no no no no. She wasn't impressed at all!* THAT's talking tongue.
Okey dokey but it will be a minute. OP will deliver!
They gave me internal stitches (because back then, they broke the sternum to realign and inserted a metal pin to keep the ribcage up as it healed, about 8 months) and then surgical tape on the dermis. I was amazed at age 14 when a stitch came to the surface and I pulled it out. /r/popping would have loved that!
I *always* ask for a lot of mayo. For some reason Subway's mayo is so much better than store bought. I get a footlong ham and provo on italian herb-n-cheese, toasted, with lettuce, tomato, with said mega mayo and one strip honey mustard. It's gotta be so damn unhealthy but after eating that at lunch, I'm good for the rest of the day.
One of my exes told EVERYONE he had a brother that died. He didn't. I met his family many times. I called him out to all his friends about it. They were livid. It was his sympathy card (he was a VERY sloppy, piss-pants drunk). He was definitely a compulsive liar.
Because it seems that in some same-sex relationships, that one simple fact (that they are same-sex) is the central focus and epicenter of the relationship. "The struggle" *is* their entire identity so it seems. Plenty more are loving same-sex couples who just go about their lives just like any other hetero couple out there (like NPH and his hubby, for example, I imagine). OK you're proud you are gay. That's great! But making the fact that you are gay pretty much the *only thing* that identifies you and your interests - well,, that's weird. But pushing queer on your kid? That's as abhorrent as "gay conversion therapy." (I also think giving questioning kids hormones to stave off puberty is an awful thing to do as well.)
upon further reflection, I'd say you are right.
Zep [did a re-release of the song a couple years ago](http://ultimateclassicrock.com/led-zeppelin-stairway-to-heaven-mix/) so the statute of limitations was reset, which enabled this late action. Not to say it wasn't a money grab - but this is why it took so long.
Black- and women-owned businesses (MBE/WBE) MUST make up 10 percent of government contracts, been that way for a while now. I worked for an architectural firm that built prisons and worked closely with our subcontractors. I was the one that put the proposals together from RFPs. The mortgage companies were ordered to lend to unqualified people because of disparate impact i.e. under normal loan conditions these people would not qualify. Not sure whose fault it is that people take out loans that they can't repay and many were given out without even so much as an employment verification. Payday loans are supposed to be used for emergencies between paycheck, not as a long-term loan solution. It's better than nothing, the loan shark in my hood charges 100 percent interest - borrow 20 pay back 40. Opportunities to establish good credit are as easy as getting a prepaid credit card and start building off that. I could go on and on. I agree about ending the drug war though.
Donde esta la biblioteca?
https://youtu.be/0SQpPGzdfsc
There's also Uneddit. I have that button smack-dab in the middle of my bookmark bar. You have to uncollapse all the threads in order to see them all, though (I think...)
shit - I meme'd incorrectly - 'tis a sad day Tryin to make a change :/
A feeling like you never never never had before?
It's like 2008 but punching up instead of down
I like how bananas has caught on as a descriptor.
That's such a good doc, really (called "I Married the Eiffel Tower); that one woman was a championship archer until her and Lance (her bow) stopped being a thing. I really love watching human interest stories like these, you might also like Guys and Dolls.
Yeah, I noticed that too. Maybe that's why the relationship cooled?
me too and that list is *so fucking long* and there's STILL porn yet on my /r/all. I have to keep a separate tab open with my RES filters just to even try to catch 'em all.
That's one that I don't use RES to filter out, and never knew existed :D Hey, titties are pretty damn great!
Really? Should I screencap my RES filters to date? Because there's at least 50 (stopped counting.) I was at a point where I had a separate tab open with my RES console so I could easily ID and add subs as I needed. There's a SHITLOAD of porn on reddit, and not so easy to filter as you say. And I don't want to filter out all NSFW because I like gore and shit like that, so that doesn't work for me.
Move everything two inches to the left. Or replace everything with an exact replica.
mmmm smells like children
Daniel Tiger seems like a good kids' show. I have no kids, and am old; and when I stopped and actually watched Caillou when flipping through channels I couldn't believe such a whiney little shit was ever purposely created. Good Lord.
I had corrective surgery with implants back in the 80's, and they did the same thing: reduced the areolas/put the implants in. What you see in that image isn't necessarily representative of a good surgery. My tits, especially for being almost 50 and having the original Dow silicone, look fine. Not perfect, not perky, but fine. I sure hope you kept your opinion to yourself and didn't shame that unfortunate woman, although she probably looked fine, too. No woman should ever feel bad about the way their breasts are shaped.
I am reading a book whose protagonist does exactly this. It's called "Saving Max." Not a bad book.
Just wait until after Ash Wednesday. Say you gave up hygiene for Lent in honor of Mother Teresa.
Wow, funny you should say that as I have a friend who actually was (is?) an unorganized drug dealer (coke) and his place was exactly like that. All denominations, just all over the place. Newspapers and papers all over the house too. I was kinda shocked, he seemed like such a neat guy.
Ugh is right! I went to visit a dude in his room in this decepit old building this old lady was renting rooms out of. When you see people in the inner city with TP in their ears and a sheen of Vicks vaporub under their nose, you know they live with roaches. Roaches stink, they have their own special stench. Also, make sure to take your shoes and coat off OUTSIDE after visiting a roach motel. Then burn them (or, alternately, put them in a large airtight bag and stuff that sucker in the freezer or, if winter, just leave them outside, far from any entry to your home.) You don't want any eggs or babies to get in your house.
If you get a foot cramp (and I do, quite often) get yourself the yellow mustard from the fridge. Open mouth, put your head back, and squeeze a shitload into the back of your throat (because you will gag if you taste too much of it). Swallow. Breathe easy, you'll want to cough. Give it 30 seconds and your cramps will be gone. YMMV but it works wonders for me. And rereading that, it sounds like I am describing something else altogether ;)
If she was already asking for the music to be turned down, and behaving like the bar-what-was-obviously-a-bar should cater to her and her child, then yes, I would. If you think I just sit around waiting for someone to act stupid so I can jump into action with douche behavior, well, that's on you. This woman was pretty much literally asking for it. What else could they have done? Took her aside and said "Ma'am, it may not be obvious to you but we really don't cater to kids here," and give her even more ammo? Because she was just gunning to be a cunt to those people at that establishment so she could go online and rally the mommies. Maybe she should try the biker bar down the block, see how things go over there?
you gotta get your tuck game on, then. get that angry inch under control!
S/he's a "famous" redditor who contributes via comments. many of which have stories about her/his nana. A very smart, clever and thoroughly engaging individual, set apart from the likes of gallowboob, loopdeloops and (xunderscore)-deadpool-(xunderscore) among others, who are primarily rather awesome linkers and have provided much good content. I always love it when I randomly come across a /u/_vargas_ comment. edit: and /u/fuckswithducks :)
And then there's [this guy](https://youtu.be/HkPX64dLbEQ).
rip /r/unexpectedcena
I carry mine everywhere. Need to remember something? Grab a "pen" (available anywhere) and bam, write it down on the Palm! "Permanent marker" works best so it stays accessible, because as you use your Palm(s) - note that most people have two, one they use considerably more than the other - you may lose portions of data here and there but overall, works for me!
I wish that meme would just *die* already
Sorry for the convenience.
You can easily incorporate that into the Wrap it Up button.
probably like how it feels to wear a turtleneck: like you're being strangled by a really weak guy. Throw on a backpack, and it's like a really weak midget trying to take you down.
How did the beam get so high up in the third pic? I don't think this is remotely paranormal, so just a question from one who doesn't know much about photography.
