Whether you go for the yeard or not is not that important. The question is why go back to being a boy when you're successful looking like a man?
" [G]oing from 65 to 68 or 70,” he [Jebb b} added. “And that, by itself, will help sustain the retirement system for anybody under the age of 40.” Anyone else catch the unstated subtext to this statement? To me it's obvious that he is excluding raising the limit on wages subject to SS withholding--and lifting that, even eliminating that,--that would only effect the wealthiest--is contrary to the Bush Doctrine of protect the rich at the expense of the average guy, who must now toil in the Bush Field for 3 to 5 years longer before becoming eligible. That's just not fair, but it's very "Bush!"
Yet again, jingoistic foreign policy, but absolutely no realistic way to pay for it--and that attitude raised the debt level of the US because of the unwarranted intrusion into Iraq, a Cheney "accomplishment!" For me, unless these old guys who want war shouldn't be able to send the young to fight for the old guys' "priniciples" unless they state up front how they--and this includes their personal wallets--intend to pay for it.
At least you didn't panic and take it back to the wood, and that would have been worse and made the Shaver's Remorse harder. Congrats on no panic!
*“If I’m president of the United States and you’re thinking about joining Al Qaeda or ISIL, I’m not going to call a judge,” he said. “I’m going to call a drone, and we will kill you.”* No judge, no third party intervention to make sure your intel is right about the intent, it's more Republican shoot, fire, aim policy--it got us into Iraq. "Tough guy" jingoistic nonsense. Oh, and how is he paying for his "tough guy" policy--strangely quiet on that I think, maybe not so strange but just plain dishonest.
Raising the payroll cap alone, or eliminating it would do everything that's necessary--and more. No need to go after investment income, a tricky thing to try to assess anyway.
Facing boldly to the past, he tries to move his candidacy forward. Time, ideas and reality wait for no man, even if he is an elected US Senator. He's now a man whom time &amp; history have passed by.
Well, then what is an "investment?" One of the largest for most Americans is their home--should profits on the sale of homes be subject to SS? How do you distinguish between an interest in a cooperative apartment and a home, does it matter if property is held for rental? It's a whole wide area and so it's a matter of practicality, wages yes, investments--too convoluted unless absolutely necessary.
Memo to Santorum: "Physician" heal thyself!
Next time you get that compulsion, put down the scissors and trimmer and say, "Never shave below the ears!" Nice growth, will be better with a little more length.
A man cannot have "too much facial hair"!
Certainly seems to have caved--but no one, but no one can trace ISIL, AlQuada in Iraq (didn't exist until post 9/11) and other Sunni reaction groups to Paul Bremer's Order #2, a hamfisted declaration that pushed the Sunni's out of power in Iraq without adequate consideration of the relationship between Sunni &amp; Shia and their history. Solely a Republican creation, everything Obama has done is cleaning up the "shitstorm" created by Order #2.
How can Obama change 1300 years of hate between Sunni &amp; Shia--just as the Shia were excluded during the Sunni/albeit Baathist period under Saddam &amp; also under his Hasshimite predecessors, they weren't going to change their spots either, so they excluded the Sunni's--hate beyond most people's understanding and not unique to the Islamic world (think Catholic/Protestant in Northern Ireland). Order#2 dove right into that struggle and apparently hadn't thought a thing about the possibility of problems. Urging doesn't change deeply seated conflicts such as that. Shia once gaining control wanted and sought payback.
Exactly--just more of what we have come to expect from the pandering to hate talk of GOP candidates to stir up the red neck vote--after all, why not, poor taste costs no more!
Count yourself lucky--a lot of us had it move from the top of our head to our back, etc, even ears.
Good to choose a barber who sports facial hair. Maybe you should consider his haircut if your receding hairline doesn't stop! ;-)
Is "trust" an undefined metric as posed in the question more or less important that intelligence--a less subjective test. I'll go with intelligence any day of the week.
It's a sad twist on The Man of LaMancha--The "Man" of Louisiana has delusions of the impossible dream. What this article fails to mention that insofar as voter appeal, Pyiush brings with him his ratings by the voters of Louisiana, who hold him in the lowest regard compared to all other states.
someone is several sandwiches short of the picnic at /r/rateme!
The creation of ISIS/ISIL has a start point, Order #2 by Paul Bremer which dissolved the Iraqi army on the excessively simplistic basis that all members of the Baath party were to be essentially disenfranchised no matter the reason for membership. This hamfisted policy arose out of arrogant ignorance of the Sunni/Shia division in Islam, a division dating nearly 1300 years. Seemingly W and his henchmen such as Wolfowitz "thought" the Iraqi's just wanted to be more like Texas! Well they learned that Iraq isn't Texas, and that the destruction of the Sunni government would lead to a Shia government with significant corruption and a whole lot of unemployed Sunni military who had nothing to lose by joining forces and protecting their interests. Bush didn't "help" he willingly and through avoidable ignorance lit the match--and now it will flame for decades.
Yes, stupidity as the underlying foundation. As for profits, they thought they would gain effective control of the Iraqi oil industry and thus "control" the oil price independent of the Saudis.
Well, W's library is extensive, both books, including the one he didn't finish coloring!
ISIS takes place in an area strongly dealt with by WWI &amp; II, but the match that lit the tinder box was Order #2, it enabled the Shia to dominate the society, and to settle sectarian scores brewing for hundreds and hundreds of years.
Exactly, I'd estimate 30% at a minimum of the men at mine are bearded in one form or another.
Colin Powell got Bushwacked by W &amp; his henchmen. Particularly offensive was sending him to the UN with bad information when they knew it was bad. Powell was very much in line with those like Elliott Richardson in the Watergate scandal--he believed and knew that his duty was to the Nation &amp; Constitution and not the current AH sitting in the Oval Office. Scary that these massive lapses in honesty always happen with one party!
Well, the beard will repair itself given some thoughtful neglect--the barber however probably never will learn to respect the beard.
They do a lot in Texas, but reading isn't one of them. Just because this country had one president imposed on them by the Supreme Court and hoodwinked into reelecting him, doesn't mean that it will happen again--we hope. Enough of showing that anyone can become President.
Since the Pontifex Maximus has his scientific credentials, perhaps the "devout" but nevertheless stupid Santorum should leave religious preaching to the clergy and not attempt to impose his beliefs on others through the agency of government unless he can show his credentials in religious and ethical disciplines.
Beards are a huge component of self confidence and respect and when a man has confidence and respect, he takes good care of himself--you're the poster-man for beards for health.
Exactly, but the Bush family's financial support interests don't want to pay on their inflated salaries--Jeb is in line to try to be their third spokesman--too bad Nancy Regan didn't prevail and keep 41 out of office.
Yup, couldn't stand them. During Regan's term in office she only had them to the WH when it was absolutely necessary. Don't know why she was so prescient of the Bush character, but she was against the nomination from the getgo. They had tried to get Jerry Ford to sign on, but that didn't pay out. So, at they turned to GHWB, and Nancy was not happy.
And Pyiush again demonstrates he's the leader conservative America wants, a guy who fearlessly takes positions that have no relevance to Americans, and could limit the ability of American manufacturers who would persist in ignoring the metric system. But, the pound is a pound the world around and with Bobby, there's no bigger fool to be found.
Well, in defense of the few of us with operative (we hope) brains, Jindal did close the mental hospitals--now it's clear it was just a vote generating scheme.
Well, hetero it maybe, but the chief difference between Republicans and Democrats seem to be that the Democrats get it free,l and the Republicans pay for it, but maybe that's a building jobs concept.
So there wasn't an "Indian" system here! Surprising.
Yeah, but we went decimal/"metric" with our currency and junked shillings pence, pounds etc.
Exactly--also there is a pun trying to form in my mind of the oldest profession in the world working with guys who are also paid to assume a given position! I guess it's different when the Koch Bros. are paying! (OMG another potential pun!)
Why not?
Well, it's Hypocrisy Be Thy Name, his father's pompous moral preaching is somewhat drawn into question when sonnyboy, who must have gone to Sunday School in his father's church, believes that this is "acting". Fat, bad--really bad--toupee. Another Republican who can't get it free showing what he thinks needs to happen to get a little!
Well if you want to look like a man, yes, but if you want to look like a boy, nope, not by a long shot.
Whatever the brand is, this Independent won't buy it or even walk across the street or down the block to look at it.
Then they act "surprised" when there is violence "started" by the Palestinians. It's an "invaded" area, and this does nothing to help the Israeli image in the civilized world. Do they care?
I understand the current government, but we here in the states don't hear much about the decent Israelis who oppose this treatment and recognize that it is self-defeating and contrary to the long term survival of the state--that is a failure of our news services.
I don't see a problem with the beard either, but if you want to look younger, a short buzz, even shaved above the ears, would take ten years off your appearance.
So why did you take a job with Schick or Gillette anyway?
This woman is the Queen of Trailer Trash!
Sounds like he believes in getting the votes in the pews! Wonder if he receives communion in the pentacostal church? That would set most priests' and bishops' teeth on edge--after all they don't recognize the ministers of those sects as having been ordained in the manner of the historic apostolic faith professed by Romans, Orthodox and Anglicans.
Good point, but does that support the US persisting in a position of remaining on a charming but archaic system--particularly when it results in our young being trained in a system that ultimately they will have to abandon if they wish to take part in a global economy?
The use of the arpent was all but abandoned in the mid-19th century--it was most frequently used for large tracts of ground. Those tracts are now described in feet and inches, just as at some time in the future they will be described in meters &amp; hectares. The US will use metric, it's a question of time.
Jindal's position that his low recognition percentage when he first ran for governor account and excuse his current numbers is as looney as the run itself. His low numbers now do not relate to his recognition factor, they relate to the low assessment of his performance as Governor. Just today in the same issue of the paper as this article is an advertisement setting forth the danger of closing hospitals due to his budgetary nonsense for the last 8 years. For a guy who trumpeted himself as a health care specialist--he's significantly damaged health care in the State.
Oh, and don't forget, he's got credentials in science, something at least to this point Rick hasn't been able to match, except to believe that politicians somehow, magic I guess, can do it better. Santorum may be devout, that I can't judge, but he sure is stupid--and he proves it every time he opens his mouth!
Good look, strong. Never shave below the ears!
Boy, someone is trying to cover their A$$--but when it's as big as this guy's, that will never be a "Mission Accomplished." Too much on record jingoistic BS to cover up--he's in it up to his neck.
This "Grover Norquist" pledge is effectively a violation of the Governor's and Legislators' oaths of office--and dishonest because they are following a "law" that has never been approved by the people &amp; electorate of the State of Louisiana.
Not an issue--and if you shaved your head, rather than tight buzz it would also emphasize the beard.
Game not over, looks good and goes well with the clean scalp.
So you guys at Faux News now propose that one crime forgives another? One crime, the pedophilia, was committed on a minor, the other, extortion, was committed by a guy who had been wronged and may have thought he had no other avenue to regain something of what was taken from. Hastert--jail, victim, suspended sentence.
Nice twist--and, in a bench trial--the creative discretion of an artist judge might just see it that way!
Wake up Republicans and Americans--Wolfowitz and the jingoistic neo-cons have a new spokesman. They are itching for another old man's war and young persons' fight.
He's a "Bush" retread with the same advisers such as Wolfowitz who took this Country into an unnecessary war that cost the lives of thousands of America's young on the battlefield, trillions of our treasure, and hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilian lives--and left us with a huge mess that will take decades to resolve. So, maybe it's the electorate, and the Republican electorate at that at this point in the cycle, that is saying, "Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me!" He'll never overcome his high negatives with Democrats and independents necessary to actually win--albeit, a characteristic that is universal among the current crop of Republican wannabes.
Okay, he also pro-life (i.e. against a woman's right to control her own body and have an abortion if she and her physician believe it is in her best interest) so is the real message here, "If you get pregnant without benefit of clergy, you can't get an abortion because I need to and think society needs to humiliate you because of your pregnancy!" I can't interpret this any other way, and it's sick, demented and disgusting. Picking up his stones like a good extremist Muslim, oh, I'm sorry--how does he tolerate that with his Roman Catholic "faith?"
Good environment! But, don't they let balding guys with a serious receding hairline keep their hair? Those guys are more likely to contaminate a patient with falling hairs!
An he opposes a woman's right to make a decision about abortions with her physicians! Sort of makes a bizarre if sick sense--the woman would just be denying Jeb Bush of his ability to feel superior--a Bush family trait, and totally unsupported by the facts.
Perfect Republican "neo-con" response--and the reason the party has lost (albeit many by defacto expulsion) any sense of moderate politics. It's red meat to the extreme right wing.
No, not home, please someone keep this twit away from LA, he's done enough damage!
Amazing, Faux News out in front with "hard ball" questions like this: *"Fox News poll asked voters which presidential contender they would most (and least) want to spend their summer vacation with."*
Well, in addition to napkins, the obvious, get some clear unflavored Chapstik, apply it before you eat, it will hold that great stache pretty much clear of the meal, but later will relax and let you enjoy its natural great shape. Don't trim--there are just some "taxes" you have to pay when you're blessed with a great beard &amp; stache.
It's only going to get better as it matures--all available hairs in growth cycle will probably be at "beard length" by six months--great now, it will be a fantastic growth then. Why did you wait so long with such great genetics to move into the bearded life?
For guys who have male pattern baldness and those who just like the look, facial hair is a good balance. Too many times without some facial hair there's just too much skin. Looks good, have you ever tried a full beard? Keep up the good work, and remember, no shaving below the ears!
The "H" in his father's name was for Hypocrisy and his boys got the full dose!
What is it with the Republicans--one side of their mouth spouts financial responsibility, then they support someone who has not proven that he can manage his own finances, whose best job to this point is on the political tit as an elected official. Please, won't you Republicans pick one goal and stick to it?
I think that is a common thought for guys who haven't ever let their beard grow. It really takes three to six months to see the fully mature beard, so what you've got now are your assurance you've got a great beard and you can achieve whatever goals you want in the bearded life. Beards are patience.
This view point ignores the reality, sort of like the fact that the world is a globe, that health care has changed and it's not going back. From the ancient Greeks we know that you can't step into the same stream twice--but these so-called conservatives (actually reactionaries, quite a different thing) seek to do so. So the US isn't going back to insurance dominated health policy that assured profits not health, and the largest proportion of uninsured in the industrialized world. There's a long way to go but rather than looking for a way to undo things, they should be looking to improve and expand benefits, directing their attention to greedy interests in the health care industry, i.e. drug companies including their cohorts the compounding pharmcists and medical device manufacturers, are reaping immoral profits rather than providing for the improvement of health in the US.
I don't know, that for me recalls the aphorism sometimes attributed to PT Barnum, "There's a sucker born every minute!"
Excuse me Mr. Santorum, but when you say, ". . .we probably are better off leaving science to the scientists ", all I can think of is "Physician heal thyself". Mr. Santorum you are not a scientist, so leave the science of the earth alone--your comments are worthless.
Disappointing softball interview--wonder if it was prearranged? Usually de Spiegel is a very thoughtful news service and has had excellent articles and interviews. This one was far below their standard.
So, this state is so dangerous that its citizens feel they need to carry guns--what happened to the protection assured by the Texas Rangers? Makes a person think twice whether they'd want to visit such a potentially dangerous place. What if maybe, h_ll not maybe when a pistol packing citizen doesn't aim right and innocent people, including children, are killed and maimed. Why did they let the state deteriorate to the point they now feel guns are a necessity in public places?
Like I said, when the people of Texas think their state is as dangerous enough to need guns as you obviously do, I think twice whether I want to go there.
Hmmmm, almost a malapropic type of answer--it's those Bush genetics at work. So, causes me to worry he didn't really learn much about Iraq, another disaster a little closer to home for Jeb than Picket's Charge.
Well shaving above the ears is no problem, but Mother Nature may have already done the heavy lifting.
Yeah, old idea, but reality is somewhat different--in the attached a man with a weapon at a wedding reception--obviously advocating his what you so bliethly call an "inalienable human right" has "protected" no one--and these are the usual instances, not the exception. I truly hope you don't shoot yourself or someone you love, but that's the game and chance you are playing with. Wake up to reality--life is not a TV show or action movie. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3069255/Sheriff-s-deputy-dropped-gun-Kentucky-church-wedding-accidentally-shot-MOTHER.html
Better be a Hell of a show, it was a Hell of a beard!
This will last until the NC hospitality industry realizes that they are passing laws that cost them money in room rents, reception fees and all the money spent on such activities. It's nice to talk "morality" but when push comes to shove, it's money and that's why over and above the legal issues that this is a law that will not be enforced.
A Freundian slip to refer to himself in the third person! And, my take is someone needs to give him a quick update on different, particularly since he's gotten the same neo-con jingoistic advisors. Fool us once, shame on you, fool us twice shame on us--Jeb, I don't think the American electorate is as stupid as you seem to assume.
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2013/01/pro-gun-myths-fact-check
Well, by those figures, it's safer to pay the price for a ticket to Hawaii! But the advocates for unrestrained guns of all sorts, including assault rifles, these figures are just part of a big plot to infringe on their rights.
When you write, "That's Mother Jones, which is *hardly unbiased* and then cite a shaded article by Cybercast News Service I am less than surprised at the slant of your source. Finally, I hope, we can conclude, the we're not going to have any influence on each others opinion. And, be assured it doesn't ". . .seem like [you're] beating up on [me.] You haven't.
The voters not only recognize his last name, but more critically and detrimental to his cause they recognize that his advisory group is the same as his brother's, a group of neo-cons whose malfeasance brought this country needless involvement in Iraq and a jingoistic foreign policy that is diametrically opposed to the will and judgment of the electorate at large, no matter what the ultra-uber-conservative leanings of the caucus attendees in Iowa.
Relying on a source such as cnsnews.com, you state that "Mother Jones, which is hardly unbiased". Amazing! I don't need you to worry about "beating up" on me, nor granting me a "handicap." Your views are part reflective of the "über-con" reactionary right that has splintered the GOP. So, let's end this. Your prepackaged cns style responses are no better than FAUX News.
And, until now at least, neither "side" can come up with a workable proposition that results in less violence and death and injury to persons, particularly by-standers. Maybe people talk "at" each other too much and not "to" each other enough.
Don't use one.
Best review of this speech is from Der Spiegel, and you don't need to understand a great deal of German to understand and see how this pompadoured combover is regarded abroad, *"Donald Trumps Präsidentschaftskandidatur: Ich, ich, ich!"*
Worthy of Molly Ivins, she would approve. Nice play on the concept.
Okay, so climate change does and will effect the worldwide economy, but to call it "economic policy" as the Hedge does here, "I don’t get *economic policy* from my bishops or my cardinal or my pope,” may just be a malaprop from his Bush family genes, as well as saying he has "bishops"--most people respond to one--or he may have meant, 'my Church's bishops'--who knows with that family's abuse of American English. The Pope is speaking on environmental issues. It's obvious that the Hedge, and many other Roman Catholics are Buffet Catholics, picking and choosing which and when to adhere to Church doctrine. Additionally, the Hedge may pick and choose for public opinion purposes--yes that's snide. When a Bush, in this case the Schrub's brother--the Hedge--speaks, it's for convenience, personal convenience and advancement. He could care less about the validity of the concerns. But then he also originally said he'd make the same decision as his brother regarding Iraq, until the Hedge hedged his comment.
Good growth--I would bet you're really comfortable now.
Jeb is trying to sound Republican, all the privatize, raise retirement benefits, etc., all are just evading a very equitable, simple and effective solution--remove the cap on earnings subject to the SS tax, and bingo, it's solved. But, oh I'm sorry, those guys who would pay more are the 1%ers who pay Jeb, aka Hedge, to do their bidding.
You're either very tall, or spend a whole lot of time looking up. And anyone who would mention that considering the great density around it are sort of weird to me.
Sounds like he wants to do exactly what tenure in colleges is meant to prevent--control the content of college curricula in Wisconsin. This guy is a conservative seeking to impose his views on the system of higher education in his state. That's not good for the reputation and quality of education in those institutions.
Where's the logic in that? This gun, an inherently and purposefully made instrument of deadly force, was sold to a person with a criminal record. If you want to blame someone, the manufacturer &amp; sales shop are more logical defendants.
There is a line of legal decisions that impose tort liability on a person who knowingly and purposefully puts an item in circulation that they reasonably can expect to cause harm to another person. Although gun ownership is currently interpreted by the SCOTUS "protected" by the 2d amendment, that right to own can carry with it responsibilities without violating the Amendment, and those who sell or put into commerce such items may also be made liable by the courts. To this point that has not been done, but as these atrocities multiply the pressure on the courts to do so will only increase. Concomitantly with such decisions, insurance companies will exclude coverage for liability, including the cost of defense for claims made under that concept--even before liability is actually imposed. The current situation is insupportable and must ultimately change--it's only a question of time.
Yes he did, with money his parents gave him for his 21st birthday!
As I said, the courts haven't adopted this logic to this point but past issues have always extended liability to recompense wrongs--that's just long standing judicial history, several centuries. This is coming, it's only a matter of time. I doubt any of the families paid one cent in court costs themselves, the costs may have been assessed--and that in and of itself is doubtful. These costs are commonly absorbed by the lawyers pursuing this type of matter. The clock is ticking, and it will happen.
He got the money for his 21st birthday and the news reports that first indicated his parents bought the gun have been corrected, they now are reporting he bought the gun with money he received for his birthday and while he had legal matters pending.
In fact some of the earliest cases concerning reasonable anticipation of injury to others involve automobile manufacturers. Although the auto industry has attempted to limit their liability it has to the contrary increased. Oh, and the legislature won't pass the laws in all probability, although they should--they are being paid large amounts by the gun manufacturers directly and through their effective control of the NRA and its PAC's. It's harder to "buy" judges, particularly federal judges. History and jurisprudence show that this will happen, it just doesn't say how long. But each tragic incident such as this one in Charleston move the clock forward.
Well since common sense and science haven't dented the thick skulls of these guys, why should a scientist turned priest be able to influence their somewhat limited minds. The fact seems to be that the best argument against the theory of evolution is the membership of the GOP.
When, oh when, will these neo-con GOP members be honest and wear their brownshirts openly? And when do they come clean and acknowledge they're going to replace the bald eagle as a national symbol with an ostrich, with its head in the sand (or perhaps someplace else the sun doesn't shine)?
You went to a much different law school than I did!
It's a shame they didn't move their business and their ceremony 75 miles downriver to New Orleans that has declared its open and friendly attitude toward all without regard to race, religion, ethnic original or sexual orientation. Pyiush Jindal is the most unpopular governor in the USA, in super red Louisiana he has a lower approval rating than the President! And he thinks he can run for President! Blanche Long committed her husband, Governor Earl Long, to an insane asylum for less!
Poor taste costs no more!
Yup!
He's in the low single digits compared with other candidates, in fact I don't think any other "candidate" has lower ratings!
Huh? He doesn't want it to be, he'll dodge any question on the subject such as in his appearance on Face the Nation, but it is and not only for him but all Republican and Democratic candidates. Dodging the issue will just turn off a significant portion of the electorate to anything he has to say and will only endear him to the racists and ignorant.
Nice--but Jindal would have tried to turn it into a prayer meeting, he really doesn't understand the concept of Matthew 6:6. This is actually good, now he'll probably have the local leaders of Baton Rouge following the example of New Orleans excluding themselves from Pyiush's looney ideas.
Smart move! Never shave below the ears. Looks strong.
It could be a new dance rage with the neo-cons, the Santorum Sidestep. Doesn't seem to have any problems addressing the bedroom habits of people, unless it's with a gun I guess.
But of course, what an obvious thing for me to overlook! ;-D Thanks.
Don't panic on a mistake and take it back to original wood--I made that mistake. Almost in every case, letting the beard do the repairs works better &amp; never try to finish a trim in one sitting on one day, small minor trims over several days is the answer. Grow on.
Why do you work for Schick or Gillette anyway?
Great growth!
This Texas Turkey has a lot to offer the Democrats if he were nominated!
Jindal advisors say, *"that a central part of the governor’s pitch will be that he is “fearless.”* That's all fine and good, but his problem is that he's clueless. He's run Louisiana into the ditch and his popularity in Louisiana is lower than that Red State's opinion of President Obama. He just doesn't get it. He was in charge of health care under the prior Republican administration and could have done anything during the last 8 years--but he has screwed up the hospital system--many are rumored to be close to closing, and overseen a time when the number of LA citizens without health insurance has climbed. He's the Democrats dream candidate. He's been a nightmare in LA, when on rare occasions he hasn't been out tooting his own horn.
15 minutes of "fame" doesn't last long!
Where he gets the money isn't as interesting as watching him spend it, if he's no better at that than working the Louisiana state budget, he'll be broke in a few weeks, if that long. He's a legend, in his own mind.
Okay everyone, fun time will be over soon and it's time to get practical. In the 2000 election Ralph Nader because of his egotistical pride and the idea of the electorate, particularly in Florida, that purity of policy should be the guiding light, gave the election to W! This nation's youth and treasure has paid for their actions. Remember, and remember this well, "le mieux est l’ennemi du bien"--so although Hillary isn't perfect on many scores, she is the most electable of all Democratic choices. Sanders' continued attacks are pro-Republican in effect, and no one in their right mind wants them to control the government. Sanders has that potential. Be practical, winning the election is critical in light of the current Congressional makeup, Hillary or debacle!
This is great for the Democrats, while the Republicans line up to beat the dead horse, they can actually put a positive program forward locking the Republicans into their "No" is our policy--short platform, and it will come up short on votes.
Sanders is not electable. A fact, unfortunate perhaps, but hung with the label "socialist" which most Americans don't understand anyway, the electorate as a whole, and independents in particular, will not pull his lever--and hand the election to the Republicans. Hillary is far from ideal, but compared to the clown troop now seeking the Republican nomination she looks okay. Elections are about winning, not ideas--although perhaps that should be different.
I wouldn't worry about that--looks great particularly with the clean scalp. Grow on.
Okay, State is broke, can't pay for education or health care without a budget of smoke and mirrors and these two, the "part-time" governor and the attorney general are going to spend money on fighting the SOCTUS? How about they pay for this out of their pockets?
They really want to have people reading their 'imaginary news?"
Of course keep it--does she ask you about what style and color she does her hair? If not, she doesn't have the ticket to ask! You might consider a very close buzz or even shave the scalp since you're in the early stages of male pattern baldness--that doesn't get any better and someday you'll be bald with a fringe anyway--shave now, get ahead of the curve.
So, if they were to swear (on a Bible of course--question which version?) the words, ". . .*will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States*" they would be saying they lack abilities or would they just be lying, possibly a high crime and misdemeanor for which they could be impeached.
He only has 1% in a few polls--it is a fraction of 1% in many. He's a legend in his own mind!
You do mean trimming to length and not a shave I'm assuming! Great growth.
Let's put this in perspective--the religious institution doesn't "marry" a couple, the couple perform rites that constitute a contract between themselves, the church or state official is merely a witness. Second, as far as Christianity, marriage wasn't a "religious" rite until the second or third century, and there wasn't a declaration that it has "sacramental" character until around 1000, and there wasn't a formulary for the service until later than that. Christ didn't "create" marriage at the wedding at Cana, he and his disciples attended the reception--aka wedding feast, see John's Gospel. So if anything he blessed the idea of a party after a wedding--and if his example is to be followed wine--with alcohol--must be served despite what some Christian sects say regarding the use of alcohol.
The civil aspects and financial side of marriage, joint income tax, surviving spousal benefits in death taxes, etc. are all rights that have nothing to do with any religious concept. Hence, I think the French have it right when all marriages must be civil before a civil authority, and the couple has the option to have a religious ceremony after they have complied with the civil requirements.
Obviously--and so it might also be said that the bartender at the wedding reception has primacy of place over the clergy at the reception!
Well, a tradition is not what the opponents are arguing, they are claiming "divine" or "god made." A tradition (from *traditio*) really has no authority--it just means, handed down.
Jojoba oil will help, and making sure you rinse completely after shampooing, soap left on the skin will irritate the skin. Still, no reason to amputate.
LA has had crazy--literally mentally ill governors in the past such as Earl Long--but Pyiush takes the cake. When he says, "Marriage between a man and a woman was established by God, and no earthly court can alter that" he's wrong on several accounts--in the Bible there is no wedding for Adam and Eve--or the other woman who is referred to as God having made them, Genesis 5:2, but she disappears and God has to recreate a woman for Adam's mate from a rib--yeah, that other woman part of the story. At least the first one got a blessing, Eve only a lecture about a tree. In Christianity, nothing about marriage until the 3 or 4th century (prior to that one could conclude that Christians preferred celebracy), and nothing about it being a "sacrament" until 1000 years later. And that Wedding at Cana--it was the feast, a wedding reception, so God may have been involved as a liquor supplier for a wedding reception at which Jesus and his apostles appear with no mention of being invited! So Bobby, you're wrong about the institution of marriage and wrong about the Court. One minute you argue stick with the Constitution, then the next minute advocating revolutionary change. You are obviously a fast talker, but when your speed of communication exceeds your learning shut up.
He's trying to qualify as dingy enough to be governor of Louisiana, and following Pyiush Jindal--it's a hard act to beat, but he works at it. He stands for the proposition that the difference between Republicans and Democrats is that Republicans have to pay for it--hence it's a jobs creator; and Democrats get it free--hence Bill Clinton's various daliances with Monica &amp; Flowers, hence a recreational issue. But Louisiana will have to make a decision, do they bring this guy back or leave him in DC. Tough choice!
Yes in almost every instance--it's not like the hair on the top of your head with male pattern baldness.
LOL! Great, wonder if Wendy has seen this one?
It's because Pyiush Jindal thinks he's stand in the door policy will get his pathetic campaign for President some press coverage--and he'll pursue this at the LA taxpayers' expense. He's dishonest doing this and other things, such as having a "security detail' accompany him on campaign trips out of state--but the presence of those securitymen may also provide him with a significant portion of an audience at those appearances.
His given name, and there's nothing to be ashamed of in it, is Pyiush--he has the problem with it, not me. It may very well be part of a deeper problem with his self-acceptance evidenced by other bizarre actions.
She has the right to say that if she lets you have similar powers and authority over her hairstyle, color, etc. Otherwise she hasn't bought the ticket. Also, if she didn't ask and consider why you liked having a beard, best you found out about this character defect early on.
Good growth!
And talk about glittering generalities, what does "our values" mean and who is to judge whether they have been "adopted?" What "English" language, as spoken in the piney woods of Louisiana, in the center of our large cities, on farms? How do we test for "having learned English" would he create a federal agency to establish the standards? This guy is all over the conceptual map trying to get noticed and I suspect keep the examination of his pathetic record in Louisiana from happening.
What? These people work for the state, they accept paychecks from people whose beliefs, and means of income would violate their "religious beliefs!" And although they might not want to witness a marriage performed by a same sex couple--yeah they don't marry them--they have no problem accepting their money! Quit, go to work for a religious institution that meets their conscience, but don't take peoples' money without restriction, that's not religious, that's just plain hypocritical.
I don't know that he can't sound like he's further right than anyone else--but he always picks "tough" goals, to try to be the worst governor in the history of Louisiana he's giving Uncle Earl Long a race for his money, he's made Kathleen Blanco look reasonable--those are tough goals, but he's made it.
Religious liberty happens within the confines of religious actions, prayer, worship, study, but in the civil actions, sales and commerce, it has no place because upon entering those arenas you agree to meet the terms of thing and price. Credit, cash and collateral are all that matter, creed is not involved except as a dodge to violate the Constitutional rights of others to their involvement in interstate commerce.
And if "Christian" and devout, the clear and unambiguous word of Christ in the gospels of Matthew &amp; Mark is that marriage is insoluble, with no exception. Yet these so called 'christians" and clerks of court will willingly accept and filed petitions for divorce! They will prepare judgments, file the same in the records of the court, and all such documents are clearly part of setting asunder the bonds of matrimony. This teaching has been the source of much history--so why do they find it so easy to participate in the divorce process?
The point is not what is "conducive to society" regarding the actions or failure to act on the part of the state and court employees--they maintain that they cannot issue marriage licenses because their religion--some form of Christianity--prohibits same sex activity. The four Gospels have not one word about homosexuality, not one. But the Gospels of Mark and Matthew are clear that Christ explicitly prohibits the dissolution of marriage and that "no one" should put those bonds asunder. They clearly violate the dictates of Christ by participating in the filing and processing of divorce actions yet they do not assert any "Christian" objection. That is hypocrisy, not religion, and they should not be permitted to practice that hypocrisy in the name of the State or on its behalf.
Just this, don't shave below the ears!
Know the feeling! ;-D
A creature of the GOP's thinly veiled rascist attacks on the President, but not the President. They have encouraged hate, and they are reaping the whirlwind.
Talk about reminiscent laws--sort of like the laws against speaking about the probable defeat of Germany in the Nazi times--but these states seem to have in common a popular adherence to the wing-nut segment of the GOP.
Before doesn't count for much either since the "Liferers" also oppose adequate prenatal care! Then after you're born, no child care, food programs, starve on your own is the message. Education, of course not, against the policy of the GOP to have educated voters. They like to be pro-life as long as it doesn't cost them anything in increased support for the poor--the rich and pro-life too probably, get abortions, they just are called D&amp;C--like before Roe v. Wade.
You're thinking right, let them grow out. Great color and coverage--you've got the genetics for a good beard, just remember beards are patience! Maybe think about shaving your head--that will remove the distraction of the receding hairline and emphasize the great beard.
Well yes, but don't do it with a Bic, use a good razor, not disposable, I find they cut the hell out of me. I use a Hydro 5. For the first time, clipper it as short as possible, shower &amp; shampoo, the lather &amp; shave. After a few weeks or a month, you'll never go back to balding!
Great color &amp; shape! Why don't you tight buzz or shave the scalp and really emphasize that beard?
Correct! Their mantra seems to be, "We beat dead horses!"
Well if there is still a GOP in 25 years, but that party seems to have a death wish, it has abandoned the fine traditions of Teddy Roosevelt--in fact they are seeking to undo his "Square Deal"--and Dwight Eisenhower---they have become the mouth piece or puppet of the military industrial complex. They exclude any moderate political views or positions as "RINO" rather like the old Communist Party excluded those who weren't sufficiently "proletariat"! Now they have clowns--and I mean they are all clowns--seeking the party's presidential nomination.
Great growth--and I hope you keep the first as the permanent beard, a "last beard" for life.
There is an expression, French I believe, that says for every white hair plucked, ten come to the funeral!
Another vote for further growth before any trimming, and then keeping the trimming at a minimum and not trying to achieve a "finished" look in one trim session or necessarily in one day. Great beard--would only suggest you consider going from the tight buzz to a fully shaved scalp--it would really emphasize that great growth.
Well, the best way IMO is to trim very little in several sessions, and see how it looks. I might clean up the sides a little, but the chin area is great--I like the wide appearance a full beard gives a jaw--great authority I think. But right now, you've got a great shape--just minimal cleaning up of strays, and when you're doing that you have to be careful not to over trim. When you keep the scalp smooth it just emphasizes the beard, but when it grows out even to a short buzz the receding hairline can detract from a good strong look--that's why I keep my shaving above my ears!
Well it doesn't cause fear, but it does raise the specter of extremist groups--we have them in the US too--that detract from the extraordinary effort the German government is doing and leadership it is demonstrating on a humanitarian crisis. IMO, German has taken the lead and is the moral leader regarding the refugees.
Fantastic for 2.5 months. Beards are patience and too many guys expect a mature beard in 3 weeks when at best that can be achieved by all but the most hirsute in three months. Good growth, Grow on!
Don't listen to them unless you, the 24/7 guy wants to. Keep the shaving to above the ears. What you're hearing is massive beard envy.
Don't forget to use an astringent, like Witch Hazel, after shaving. And since there isn't any hair you are more likely to get crud from dirty hats, etc. So wash the hats, and the pillow cases often. Use a towel at the gym to keep your head away from God knows what someone else left on the bench, etc. Wash with a mild anti-bacterial soap, like Cuticura, at least twice a day. And for after shave balm, just make sure the one you use is non-greasy, without oil.
If Congress would do something, anything, to try to avert 30,000+ gun fatalities a year, then maybe the President wouldn't be in a position of trying to do something to bring this country back from the edge of a gun slinger society.
No matter how you casuisticly try to change the subject, the fact is that there are just too many guns (although the number of households with guns has gone down), but whether suicide or homicide, or more tragically by accident--over one a day--less guns is the only solution that hasn't been tried because of the immense effort and spending by gun manufacturers and vendors to protect their market of death dollar profits. The numbers are: 11,208 deaths by homicide (3.5 per 100,000), 21,175 by suicide with a firearm, 505 deaths due to accidental discharge of a firearm, and 281 deaths due to firearms-use with "undetermined intent" for a total of 33,169 deaths related to firearms (excluding firearm deaths due to legal intervention). It's time to try what has not been done--reduce the number of firearms, even if that means amending the Constitution.
The only solution that has not been tried is the one that has shown it works in other industrialized societies, strict gun control.
Huh? Looks perfectly trimmed--your only decision as it appears would be to maintain as is or try longer--you can't make any mistake except trimming it too short. Great look!
Your question seems to indicate you'd like to explore longer bearding. So why not? Beard is strong, shows great genetics--so try it--you certainly can do it. Maybe shave rather than buzz the scalp to really bring out the strength of your beard.
Great! Any goals?
You're at the very beginning judging from the crown--don't know what your hairline looks like. DON'T do drugs--it's just hair and the side effects, short term, can be awful--and no matter what they say they don't know what the long term effects are, they could very well be worse. You have choices, try shaved now--and you're ahead of the game. Keep it shorter, and you've got a few years before it will be necessary to do any more. To reiterate another comment--your attitude is great,.
Definitely shorter, and shaved is an option. If it's bothering you get rid of it--too much to life to worry about hair, worrying doesn't solve any problems.
Even a brief review of Wikipedia regarding UK firearm policy indicates that you are entirely mistaken.
Nice, strong, goes well with the smooth scalp. A total package.
But, and this is a big "but" both countries have strict gun control laws, registration, licensing, qualification to own, etc. Although a large majority of Americans favor stricter gun control, the gun industry, manufacture and sale, have spent millions to prevent any regulations similar to those in the UK &amp; Australia. Hopefully, the President's courageous action will begin the process of introducing meaningful and effective gun control--like most Americans want.
Maybe, just maybe, the next election when the majority of Americans who favor increase gun regulation vote and are heard the GOP will again learn that it is behind the curve on this issue as well as immigration, health care, etc., that is if there is a GOP left after the primary battles between the various--and all incapable--candidates clamoring to be the GOP nominee.
Exactly, "Republican intellectuals" is a massive oxymoron.
No, I still believe that in terms of absolute numbers the gun population must be seriously reduced. But, to permit the appropriate ownership of guns, serious and meaningful registration and regulation of sales must be in place, including sales, requirements for storage, types of guns in private ownership, real training in gun use and maintenance prior to purchase, liability for guns after theft or loss, and limitations on ammunition in possession--one very common element in terror and criminal gun use is the possession of extra-ordinary amounts of ammunition including that ammunition designed to inflict deadly injury.
Steady as it goes--good start, but since beards are patience you'll need at least three months before anything but minor surface trimming. One of the biggest mistakes in bearding is to try to trim too early on before the beard has manifested its own characteristics.
Well, don't trim excessively, just a bit at a time, catching strays mainly. Be careful with power trimmers--they can instantly ruin a good beard. Overall, looks good and a strong look with the smooth scalp!
Looks like you may have the beginnings of diffuse thinning--and if that continues at least you know the solution isn't rugs, drugs or plugs--it's just a quick shave away. Keeping short is a smart solution at this point, IMO.
Try the buzz--with the beard it will be a good look, and it will minimize the appearance of what could be the beginning of balding.
Finally--we've never seen any substantial and objective proof that his mother was actually a citizen of the US at the time of his birth! We seem to only have his word for it--and a politician's word isn't admissible as proof!
Well now that it is clearly going to be an election issue--we'll have a real poll next November, over 70% of Democrats support stricter gun control according to ABC News/Washington Post's most recent poll--so, the issue should be front and center--my bet is that the Democrats will win on this issue. But recent figures on numbers certainly suggest a connection between the number of guns and homicide, " *The United States, with less than 5 percent of the world's population, has about 35–50 percent of the world's civilian-owned guns, according to a 2007 report by the Switzerland-based Small Arms Survey. It ranks number one in firearms per capita. The United States also has the highest homicide-by-firearm rate among the world's most developed nations.*" Those aren't good!
This may well be settled in the coming election. Right now a discussion doesn't seem possible--so it may well be determined by the election. My bet--there will be more controls to help assure that only responsible people can own guns, and that the type of guns will be limited to those that have legitimate civilian use--you don't hunt with an assault rifle with a 100 bullet clip unless you want your meat groundup in the field and are such a lousy shot that you can't hit the game with less than 10 bullets.
Rights in the US under the Constitution aren't absolute, so one cannot exercise "free speech" yelling fire in a crowded theatre to cause a panic--that's not protected. In a like fashion many Constitutional rights aren't absolute--so ownership of a gun may be limited to the type, characteristics and capabilties and still meet the Constitutional test.
Looks good-bet you're enjoying this!
Great!
Very good beard--almost surprising you've never done it before--and three months is really what you need to assess a beard, your assessment is Excellent. Enjoy!
Wipe your freshly scraped grape with an astringent, like Witch Hazel. Remember there's nothing between you and things like hats and pillow cases--make sure they are clean (hats in particular tend to carry some pretty bad grime and grease), and wash your head--it's easy with a smooth scalp, two even three times a day with warm, not hot water, and an mild antibacterial soap.
Wipe your freshly scraped grape with an astringent, like Witch Hazel. Remember there's nothing between you and things like hats and pillow cases--make sure they are clean (hats in particular tend to carry some pretty bad grime and grease), and wash your head--it's easy with a smooth scalp, two even three times a day with warm, not hot water, and an mild antibacterial soap. Also, get some 10% benzoyl peroxide lotion, not the cream formulation, and rub it in after the astringent.
Well why isn't it a fair question? We've never been given proof that Cruz's mother at the time of his birth was a citizen--and without that proof the rest of the argument is senseless. Was she born in the USA, had she done anything to abandon her citizenship--if she ever had it--to become a citizen of another country--Canada for instance? Lots of questions, no answers, Cruz needs to put up the evidence. It's a legitimate question when a person is born outside of USA territory.
So what's the surprise? He's not exactly know for managing his money! His financial weaknesses are appearing early--running a campaign into the financial dirt, just like he ran his personal finances into the dirt. This guy is a puppet of the aging Cuban exile oligarchy--he expects that they will pay to have him front their financial interests and fanatical dreams of being restored to their Cuban interests. It's not going to happen.
If you don't think a major influence in the Florida agricultural industry isn't former Cuban oligarch exiles --you need to do more investigation!
If in fact she had taken citizenship in Canada, then this question becomes very, very important--and whether she formally renounced her US citizenship is not as important since she by implication changed her allegiance. So without a court decision that says you can maintain US citizenship upon taking Canadian citizenship--he is probably not eligible.
Agreed but you do need to seriously consider shaving your head to remove the receding hairline, it detracts from a very nice beard.
More GOP wet dreams--honestly, don't they ever get tired of vainly trying to even up the score for Richard Nixon's disgrace--and by extension the disgrace of the GOP--and resignation from office in the face of impeachment?
He's just following the mantra of the GOP, "We beat dead horses!" in this as in the ACA, etc.
Well sigh, right back--corporate ownership/control isn't public, and the oligarchs do buy stock!
Dual citizenship may be by birth--Canadian mother, US father, etc., but if the parent upon whom US citizenship has acquired or is acquiring Canadian citizenship may not be a US citizen for purposes of the issue of "natural born" for election purposes--no cases. It's an open question, and agreed--he could settle the question but continues to dodge a direct response, but the media has also failed to look into and discuss the matter of his mother's citizenship status. His formal renunciation of Canadian citizenship also suggests that this matter isn't clear. It doesn't matter if he ever applied for or received a Canadian passport.
And it works for you, and a lot of us. Sometimes without a beard a shaved head can be just too much skin!
Welcome to the real world Mr. Maurice R. "Hank" Greenberg--now even money can't control the wing-nut loonies that the GOP sought out and encouraged with thinly veiled bigotry and hate. So you made a bad investment--that's life! But the bigger question is, who are you going to try to buy next to do your bidding if they are elected?
Hey, just tell the kids that at any moment one of the elephants could burst free of its cage and attack and their lives would be saved by a housewife carrying a pistol--if she could hit the broad side of a barn and not one of the other patrons of the zoo. In Texas the wrong species is in the cage!
Exactly--and they will run this on the same credit card as W while cutting education, public infrastructure, and health care! The Republican Congress--the inmates are in charge of the Asylum.
Yeah, it usually is a little daunting to do the first time. But, you'll have to trust me here, once you've done it, lived with it a few weeks, your only regret will be that you waited so long. Use a good razor, not a disposable, buzz it as short as possible, then some good lather, then take your time. Balding sucks, but being bald &amp; bearded can be great!
You are really lucky to have found a barber who obviously knew what he was doing--the pictures were a great idea. Good look and length.
Nice--three months seems to show every beard for its best, and you've got a great one. Enjoy! Any particular goals other than maintaining as is?
So, what are the plans, keep that length, longer, shorter? You have any choice, but shaving ;-)
Somewhat off subject, but still relevant concerning our former governor Jindal. He never has had significant employment outside of government, &amp; for the last eight years earned $130,000 as governor, yet as he moves out of the Governor's Mansion as noted in this article, he moved to a house with a published price in excess of $800,000. How do these numbers work? He has looted the state through his foolishness, yet enriched himself enough to move into a mansion in a gated community? How? Why isn't the media asking this question, or are they just too glad to be rid of the twirp?
He hasn't answered the question that is critical. When he was born had his mother applied for Canadian citizenship? If she had, it may very well be that he wasn't a "natural" born citizen. This is not a simple question that can be brushed off--his mother's entire citizenship status at the time of his birth must be carefully investigated and proven by authentic evidence.
This all says that this question is "not well settled" as Cruz would have us believe, not by a long shot. And if he's willing to try sweeping this issue under the rug, what else is he not being entirely forthright about? These questions need to be asked and they need serious and substantive answers not just responses to the media talking heads with vague references to "legal scholars." That is a slip shod way of working, and indicate he would be a slip shod candidate for the GOP.
Well, she may have been born here, but the voting and other matters indicate that at the time of his birth she was applying for Canadian citizenship which could imply that she had implicitly or explicitly renounced her citizenship. Come on, voting list--is he now going to say that his mother was participating in voter fraud in Canada and for that reason he's eligible to be President?
These people died terrible deaths for many reasons, some as simple as the refusal to permit pets to accompany them in evacuation, others because they didn't have cars or transportation to evacuate (there was no evacuation plan in place for those without access to private transportation until after the storm)--Huckabee is being simplistic--that could be for two possibly valid reasons, he's stupid and uninformed, and two, he doesn't believe that there are people important enough to be saved who wouldn't have the money to evacuate--no public shelters before the storm so they would have had to pay for hotels. Either way, this guy doesn't have it to be considered as fit for public office, even dog catcher.
I'd go out three months, then it will be mature, although it's great now. Then you can decide to maintain or try the yeard.
As you should. Good thing you didn't shave, your case of Shaver's Remorse would have been huge! Good growth. If you get that urge again, wait 48 hours before acting on it.
The Evangelicals and Pentacostals who believe that Christ's second coming is dependent upon the reestablishment of a Jewish state in the Holy Land are useful to the Israelis for political support. It gets a little dodgy when the rest of the so-called Christian logic is applied, that there must also be a mass conversion of Jews to the Christian faith. Israel uses the first part, and ignores the second. The other aspect is the dream of some in the GOP that this position will bring what is called the "Jewish Vote" to the GOP. None of it works!
Just asking the question indicates to me at least that you want the answer, "Yes", and I'm willing to give it since you've got great big beard genes and it's a shame to waste that gift!
You're holding Coors Light with a small beard--sort of fits since, IMO, rather than drink Coors, a man should take his water straight.
If it worries you enough to cause you to take selfies of the top of your head, you don't have any time left. Go take it off and get on with life!
Why not? If you regret even trimming, anything other than letting it roll is going to really hurt! Maybe tight buzz your hair, looks like your hairline is receding and buzzing it close or even shaving will remove that distraction from your beard which is good.
Use a good razor, never disposables. Wipe down with an astringent after shaving and rinsing well, something like Witch Hazel. Keep your hats clean--the grime and old sweat will cause irritation, etc. Wash twice a day with mild anti-bacterial soap like Cuticura. Enjoy.
This stuff can burn the Hell out of you. It is formulated for African-American hair, and unless you are African American, you're asking for a painful experience.
Well, even a blind squirrel can find a nut. In this case the status of his mother's citizenship is a legitimate question. There are reports that she was listed on Canadian voter lists--either she was a citizen of Canada or was possibly violating Canadian law in that. Had she filed or was she in the process of securing Canadian citizenship? Had she explicitly or implicitly renounced her US citizenship by applying for Canadian citizenship? All these questions need serious investigation. And not only Mr. Trump, but Senator McCain has raised the question.
Personally, I use a Hydro 5, and while the cartridges are sort of pricey, I don't shave below the ears and Mother Nature did the heavy lifting on top, so a blade last 2-4 weeks.
*There's no reason to screw around arguing about whether to investigate.* Unless you're Cruz! ;-D
Well done trims! Nice, great color &amp; shape. Any particular goals?
Bad news for Cruz, actually. This isn't going away, and a GOP controlled Senate hearing would have been a very friendly forum. Unless of course, McConnell dislikes Cruz so much that this is the real plan to torpedo his campaign by the slow drip of information and allegations in the press.
And, having filled in the front, as his natural hairline continues to recede, he's going to have a Clarabell the Clown island--is he going to be pissed! His crown or vortex could go too, then he's going to look pretty sad, and the transplants, coming from a non-balding area, will have to be shaved to fit a hairpiece if he's going to try to hide it.
Depending on where you're at (no pun intended), a king cake baby or two might work!
Looks good, adds to the bulk. Why mess with a good thing?
Sorry to hear that. One day you'll certainly regrow it. But, one thing has bugged me--beards shed, yes, but not any more than a full head of hair. Some guy with male pattern baldness can be shedding like a dog--yet these employers never seem to require much special from them. And, if it's an environment that is that contagious, shouldn't you be in a full protective mask anyway--to protect eyes, etc.?
Good summary, but in addition to drugs and rugs, as you mention, there is one option that is truly disfiguring, plugs. Transplants are the worst possible solution--you will not only have to pay exorbitant amounts of money and endure pain and discomfort in recovery but you will remain scarred for life. The Rugs, Plugs &amp; Drugs should be avoided--shaving is the only reasonable solution. Yes, it can be a shock at first, but shaved heads for men with mpb are everywhere, at all ages, in all walks of life. It's frankly become just another style of haircut. And, it's easy, inexpensive and many many women find it irresistible. Shave, keep it smooth for a month or so, and all you will regret is that it took you so much time to come to the safe and sane solution to mpb.
The verb was in the future, which is to say if and when the predicate occurs a third party challenge will develop. There have been threats, yes, but until one of the power groups has had their ox gored that is all they are.
It's a good strong beard and that is emphasized by the smooth scalp, a good combo. You hit the mark on the vibe!
Keep beard, shave head--that will make the beard look even stronger. It's going to be a great beard, wait a couple of months before any serious trimming, and no shaving below the ears, LOL.
Suggestions? Well for starters, just keep doing what you're doing. Looks good, why chance a barber who doesn't have any experience with a large and great beard? Just doesn't make sense.
It takes three, not two, months to get a good idea of what you've got. For two, it looks very good--beards are patience.
about the same except before the lather I rub my scalp with about 1/2 teaspoon of baby oil. After I rinse with warm water, then cold. Then wipe down with an astringent like Witch Hazel, some non-oily after shave balm, like Nivea. Last and very important, non-greasy sun screen, burned scalp hurts like hell.
Unless you're interviewing with Schick or Gillette, the beard looks fine. They should be interested in what's between your ears, not what's on your chin!
The curious thing about this issue to this point is that no one has requested or questioned the citizenship status of his Mother at the time of his birth. There has been on report that she had her name on a Canadian voter list. Had she applied for Canadian citizenship, and if so had that implicitly or explicitly rennounced her US citizenship according the applicable law whether that is US or Canadian? The assumption that she was a "citizen" has never been proven or explained.
If a request for supporting facts to a claim for legal status qualifies a person for a "tin foil hat", we'd better have a lot made for judges, lawyers and others who investigate and rule on claims of status. Additionally, if your "far Left" reference is an indication that you believe that anyone questioning Mr. Cruz's legal capacity to be president, I know many, many registered Republicans who have questioned the facts regarding this issue who will be more than a little surprised that they are considered "far Left!" Perhaps that line of political reasoning is behind the reactionary tone of today's GOP.
How long are you going, if long, like more than 4", let it grow, if 3" or so, clean up the neck, but be careful, one of the most common mistakes with a full beard is to cut the neck too high.
He may be eligible, but it remains to be seen if his Mother was a citizen at the time of his birth--that being proven--and it is not at this time--there wouldn't be a question.
As well they might, but they wouldn't be in a better situation if they are sitting on Cruz's either. As for Rubio, he hasn't been under the real spotlight because of his poor numbers--and when and if he is under examination, I would suspect feet of clay. Face it, the GOP has made a bad deal, for its base it prostituted all its integrity, and now it has the largest assemblage of clowns for candidates since the beginning of Barnum &amp; Bailey!
That was not the issue, the issue was his Mother. The additional question, that raised for McCain, was whether Natural Born means within the USA, but for McCain the issue was that he was born in the Zone. Since this is a denovo issue, the talk of it being "well settled" is all poppycock. The initial question will be standing, whether the person or entity bringing an action has standing. Once that's satisfied--and it's a thorny question--the next will be born of a US Citizen--and that's his mother. This isn't going away.
Strong growth, great color &amp; mass. Goes great with the smooth scalp.
You're still early in the mpb "game" but when it starts bugging you, it's best to get ahead of the game as you have and although you'll continue to "go bald" it will be hidden in plain sight. Good move.
Whoa, bad luck. At least you won't do that again! Yeah, at at 6 months, you're going to be very very happy to be smooth again. Again, don't bet with your hair--it's a losing (bad pun) situation.
At 4%, who cares what he says? It sounds like a third grade school yard taunt--not presidential or mature. Real question, when do the puppet masters and money men behind Jeb pull the plug?
He comes off as "Entitled, Arrogant" surely you jest, LOL! Stick the fork in him, he's done!
So- a sample of illegal immigrants is rounded up, how, pray tell, can anyone determine that they are ""law-abiding?" Vague terms and policy from a very vague candidate.
Amazing in one week Trump gets two things right, Cruz is wrong about NYC attitudes and right that Cruz is a self-aggrandizing Asshole and therefore not much liked in the Congress. Well the blind squirrel has beaten the odds and found two nuts!
Sort of like his brother, W, when he in a similar delusional state said, "Mission accomplished!" Must be in the Bush family genes.
In addition, at the work, just take a wet paper towel and wipe the dome down. Also, I found that since it's "just skin" now, I can wash with a little hand soap and easily rinse and dry even in the mens room where ever I may be. The "wet paper towel" is particularly welcome in a hot humid climate!
The day of the Tea Party in the GOP is over - if the Establishment is able to pull the nomination back under it's control, and I admit that's a big if, then they will marginalize its influence. If they don't the party will split, formally or informally with the money advantage of the Establishment being the controlling factor in defeating or more precisely allowing the defeat of the TP style GOP nominees by failure to supply adequate money to their campaigns.
Krugman has made the point that is so far much avoided by all--even if every man, woman and child had a gun--a hand gun as is permitted in many states--they could not do any significant injury to an extremist group or person who has prepared for an attack with high powered automatic rifles, body armor, and who has probably trained and practiced for the assault. Hand guns kill bad guys in the movies, but in the real world they aren't accurate enough at any significant distance in the hands of anyone but an expert marksman. Result, the men, women and children who aren't armored up, get killed or disabled before they are close enough to the bad guys to do any damage. Any other result only happens in the movies.
Sanders is trying to have it both ways. His "mom &amp; pop" excuse for voting against liability is clearly pandering to the worst aspect of his state electorate. Guns sold by "mom &amp; pop" are every bit as lethal and likely to be stolen or lost and find their way to people who will use them for illegal purposes, not only in his state but all the rest of the nation. Liability would put teeth in the current gun laws since it would not be in the vendors or manufacturers interest not to employ every technical and legal avenue to prevent such an occurrence. Liability would focus those efforts, as would the liability insurance underwriting standards that would be put in place to issue liability insurance.
Not too many people either.
It's "unruly" to you because you're looking at it close up, as the picture is taken. From the distance of 4-5 feet, that appearance disappears into the impressive mass and density.
Much, much better--you need the beard, it works well for you.
DEFINITELY the right answer--keep the shaving to above the ears! And in addition to doing a good deed, you'll have a great complimentary look--smooth scalp, awesome beard.
Could have been titled, "GOP takes marbles and goes home!!"
Bloody noses, no shots fired.
7 &amp; 7/8's head here large as they come--XXL motorcycle helmets are tight--there are beanies and night watch caps that don't have the band, like Under Amour, so they don't leave the "brand" on your forehead. One issue, on a freshly shaved head, if it's good and smooth, they can tend to pop off a big head like mine. A day's stubble will hold them down, but I generally keep tugging them back in place rather than have stubble.
Oh yeah, it was time! You're only regret will be one shared with lots of us bald (as opposed to balding) guys, that you waited too long. Welcome to the world of freedom--don't for get the sunscreen.
Only those who believed "Mission Accomplished" believe Jeb can pull anything off1
Even this article omits the critical issue, which is not a birth certificate for Cruz himself, it is whether his mother was at the time of his birth a citizen, if not the birth certificate to Cruz is irrelevant. She reportedly was on Canadian voter lists, and if that is so her status as having implicitly by such voter registration rennounced her citizenship, and rendering Mr. Cruz not native born.
That would depend on documents relating to her Canadian citizenship which would have to be examined as to the effect of her application and acceptance of citizenship. It is a matter to be determined, and cannot be presumed.
If you're worrying about receding hair, and it is receding despite your family genetics, then it's time to get on with life--so take it off, it won't get better, ever. And the mole probably isn't as big an issue as you think, but check with a skin doctor, maybe removal is an option.
Women, the elderly &amp; the weak have an extremely low probability of being able to handle a pistol of sufficient caliber to do any damage, and the "bad guys" would probably overpower them, take their weapons and even turn their weapons on them. I have absolutely no knowledge of Glasgow's crime rate, only been there once--dreary place, even for Scotland. I personally didn't see or hear of any problems while there.
You can take the Candidate and her family out of the trailer park, but you can't take the trailer park out of the Candidate or her family!
John McCain must have put her up to this, an Establishment dirty trick!
I can hear gunfire from my home in the US--recently leaving for Church I ducked---only to find out that 5 blocks away some guy had ventilated another with an Uzi. There have been over 150 deaths, and more than 400 wounded in gun violence in my city in the past year--several innocent people--one a young girl watching TV in her house when a stray bullet came through the wall--obviously high caliber--and hit her in the head.
What is your goal, terminal?
Yes, it is time if you're spending time worrying about your impending baldness. And the worry about the first time shaving it down is very, very common. Balding sucks, being bald is great--and while you will continue to lose hair, it will be hidden, so no more comments, "My you're losing a lot of hair!" or stuff like that. Get it smooth, get on with your life.
That's a good statement to keep in mind if Trump is the GOP candidate--good for Hillary that is. Hell, even if Sanders runs, it would end any doubt he could be elected too. Doesn't Trump remember her performance as a candidate?
So this is what's wrong with the GOP--they have a disaster in their campaign so they're expending their efforts with dirty tricks in the Democratic contest? Can't they keep their eye on the ball--? they won't be "top" Republicans if Trump/Cruz are nominated--and maybe that's a good thing. They just got another reminder that they are misdirected when Palin jumped in as a "valued" endorsement.
All that is true, but less so these days when it is more of a haircut than a statement of rebellion--guys have figured out of the solutions for mpb, shaving is the sane way, not plugs, drugs or rugs. And the only safe alternative to shaving is letting the fringe grow out and give the appearance of a guy not on top of his game. I have yet to meet a guy who has shaved who didn't find that his only real regret was waiting so long to do it.
Well, I wouldn't say that, it's an insult to idiots!
Good idea not shaving below the ears! Try a wipe down with an astringent, like Witch Hazel, after shaving and washing with a mild anti-bacterial soap, like Cuticura, at least twice a day for the red bumps.
Why not? Didn't he raise the child, well no. Didn't he provide the familial example of dispute resolution, well no--and whoever did, probably Palin herself and her husband, probably engaged in the same type of behavior her son is demonstrating. Domestic violence has a huge component of experiences in childhood and young adult life--so this incident and her reaction to it raise questions about the Palin household that would be far more relevant concerning the cause than trying to blame it on President Obama.
If previous elections had any relevance this year, Donald Trump and Cruz would be gone pecans by this time. We're in strange territory. The candidates of the GOP move further to the right to attract votes, the Democrats move to the left, and we're losing the middle--that could be very problematic. It doesn't bode well for the end of the divisive process in this country.
"You misspelled Bernie" What?
"The Bumper Sticker" people will want!
Shaver's Remorse hurts! And, sometimes without facial hair of some sort it can just be too much skin. Any particular reason you don't razor the scalp?
The "Establishment" GOP embraced the far right &amp; so-called "Christian" vote to build a reliable base. In doing so the moderates stepped aside to bring in a vote--only to be pushed out as being RINO. In short they sought to dance with the Devil and control. They've lost. The GOP could well fracture into not less than two, possibly three splinters, and that will allow the Democratic liberal wing the ability to move further to the left. The centrists, the actual majority, former GOP, Independents, and moderate Democrats are the losers, along with the nation.
The GOP is headed for a replay of 1964! And, to the extent he participated, Dole shares the blame because he, as part of the establishment, sought to curry favor with the extreme right wing of political thinking to gain a "base" for the GOP. He and all the others who did this probably thought they could control these wing-nuts, but like the Sorcerer's Apprentice in Fantasia their efforts succeeded in an army of lunatics now ruling the party.
The price tag for the Jindal Swindel is now being assembled. This is the price we pay for his delusions that extreme right wing economic policies work and the failure of the legislature to try to derail Jindal's ego-mania driving governing of the state. We've had some horrible governors, Uncle Earl Long, You are my Sunshine Davis, Jailbird Leech, but Jindal has taken the state to a new low.
Oh he didn't try, he did make a wasted effort to be a contender. He used public monies for security for his own political gain, and those funds should be refunded to the state if he had a shred of honesty in his veins. But I guess, without those security personnel no one at all would have shown up at his events. Meanwhile the mentally ill wander the streets because he closed mental health facilities and wouldn't sign the state up for Medicaid that could at least have provided them will essential medication.
$91.4 Million, yikes that is a whole lot of lipstick for two pigs! The people who donated that money could have bought a bridge in Brooklyn and gotten more for their money!
Just enjoy it, good growing. Hope your life gets better. And google up Mount Athos, then ask your family if those men are "terrorists!"
Of course you can start without shaving, unless you like Shaver's Remorse. Once you get an inch or two, you can trim it back or even it out.
She's got issues, she needs to see a counselor or doctor about her control freak issues.
You have male pattern baldness--it's non reversible, and will continue to develop at whatever speed your genetics provided you at birth. Most guys I know found, like I did, once you shave and get over it--it's not bad really--that their only regret is that they waited too long. On the interesting side, after having been shaved for a few years, if for some reason you don't shave for a week or so--it's and OMG moment when you see how much hair you've lost since going bald. Balding sucks, being bald is great. Just don't shave below the ears.
Looks like a Norwood 2 or 3---google Norwood Scale. Your fiance needs to learn and accept that you can shave now, or as the loss continues, you'll look like a very much older and tired man. Ultimately, like the scale will show you, you will have a horseshoe--and no women come on to man because his horseshoe looks so good, not one.
Could also be Cruz! But one of them has to be sitting on a Jackass--or maybe both. Stick a fork in the GOP nomination it is done--and now back to the future in 1964!
Finally it's sinking in, the GOP is so dysfunctional that Trump is looking better--as compared to the Joseph McCarthy wannabe, Cruz. It's 1964 kids!
What's Grahman bitching about--he and his fellow travellers actively sought out and encouraged their new wing-nut base, thinking I guess that they could "control" the beast they made. The Beast of their own creation has moved to Trump &amp; Cruz! Now they are being eaten--good payback.
We are now paying for the Jindal Swindel---but I can tell you, it's hard to find many people who will admit they voted for this fraud.
Ted Cruz isn't the only nominee that will lead them to a repeat of 1964--Trump &amp; Rubio too. Jeb is history--and couldn't win either. These GOP guys have made their bed with bigots, narrow minded religious fanatics, and just plain stupid people--and the funny thing is they can't sleep now! Tough.
Who can they elect as president, they can nominate, but with their cast of clowns and Nazi's, they can't elect a president. The question will be whether they can maintain the Congress or either house.
Why, has he exceeded his policy limits on mental illness, already?
She'll love giving and you'll really like getting, a nice head rub on a smooth scalp--it's one of the "secrets" of men who shave their heads!
"Bald" is probably more properly considered balding, it is a process that occurs over a period of years and can for some guys begin even in the mid-teens. To determine your personal grade of baldness google "Norwood Scale" and match your current status with the models. You should realize that as this progresses your head will look more and more bald--in the sense of a fringe or horseshoe. Shaving bald removes (bad pun) that problem--gets you ahead of the game, and hides the progression in plain sight.
"So far so good!" You're too modest, that is a great growth for 3.5, great.
Hopefully she'll come around--just remember unless you have a say in how she does her hair, etc., she really hasn't bought the ticket to complain about the beard.
How to shave your head: Step 1. Using a clipper with the smallest comb or without a comb (best but be careful not to clip your scalp) trim your scalp down as far as possible. Step 2. Take a nice hot shower and wash your head with the stubble with nice soapy water. Step 3. Leaving the scalp wet, apply a little, about 1/2 teaspoon baby oil Step 4. Apply your favorite shaving gel. Step 5. With a NEW cartridge [DO NOT USE DISPOSABLES] SLOWLY shave your head with the grain of the hair growth. Don't worry about taking a lot of time--this is the first time you've tried to clean up the scalp. Rinse, and check for any areas you may have missed by rubbing your scalp with your hand. Personally I use a Schick Hydro 5 razor. Use a razor--if you still have one, LOL, that you're comfortable with. Within a month shaving your head will not take much time once you've learned the "terrain"! Step 6. OPTIONAL reapply oil and gel and shave against the grain and rinse in warm then cool to cold water. This results in a long lasting super smooth scalp. Step 7. Dab a styptic pencil on any nicks. Step 8. Apply an astringent like witch hazel. Step 9. Apply an after non-oily shave balm. Finally--before you go out, put on a nongreasy sunscreen.
Well, look at it in a more positive light. He's not paranoid, people really just don't like him.
The Biblical injunction, let no man put assunder, should be read more in the line of, go and sin no more, which is to say a goal. Otherwise the Church, which didn't really create marriage, nor did Christ-- remember the story is about a wedding reception and not having enough wine, i.e.feast, not the wedding itself--becomes overly legalistic and not forgiving. And thus, since forgiveness is the repeated message of the Gospel, and wedding is a one time occurrence, the proportion would be restored to the Gospel's example.
Aren't you feeling a little naked? It was great--it's going to take you some time to recover that mojo!
If it were, GOP Trump/Cruz &amp; Democrat Sanders, I think he could very well do it! The issue would be in the event of an election--who would be his his support in the Congress. How an Independent would manage the Presidency with a partisan Congress has never, to my knowledge, been discussed or thought out.
Perhaps as a practical matter, but my point was more directed in how a person elected as an independent would work and coordinate with a Republican or Democratic Congress.
You have absolutely no basis for the conclusion that I am "liberal" whatever that hackneyed term has come to mean and anymore than the term conservative has any substantial meaning--none. The coin of language in the USA's political debate has become so debased that those terms are thrown around like school kids throwing snowballs.
Yup, it works--the wisdom of not shaving below the ears is again demonstrated.
Didn't claim to invent that, LOL, but it is so true. Besides shaving the head is easy, Mother Nature's already done the heavy lifting! And, so often, the genetics for male pattern baldness are pared with some good beard genetics. She's telling us to grow beards.
Got a good laugh out of those--the "mortmain" or dead hand provision of an obit! These guys obviously don't remember when a candidates appeal was so great that the voting records showed that they apparently rose from the grave to vote.
For the sake of America, one must win and take the party on another ride like 1964!
This guy ought to come up for air and talk with his Republican friends. For my part, the Republicans I know have said that if Trump or Cruz is the GOP candidate, they are voting Democrat be it Hillary or Sanders! And I'm in a deep red state.
Damn, that's thick! What are your goals?
Which Christians, the Presbyterians, his brand, pentacostal, evangelical, Roman Catholic---he just doesn't seem to remember or to have learned all the sects were formed with a specific purpose and often with a whole lot of blood. The one thing a President has never done is to presume to be the "Arch-President" or Metropolitan of American Christians, whatever their historic or hysterical views. It's new, it's bold, it's just plain un-constitutional, and oh yeah, stupid.
So the tightly trimmed version survives? At least you didn't need to go bare faced, but still, once you're past the year the thought of cutting is bad, actually having it happen, well--really sad. Maybe again someday soon.
This guy couldn't take the limelight, questionable abilities to control his own finances, hardliner regarding Cuba--because he's a pawn of the Cuban Oligarchs who seek to return to a pre-Castro Cuba--when even the so-called leaders or establishment understand that is no longer a viable option, and so on and so forth. He's just not the real deal. But then, neither are the leaders/establishment. They seem to be anticipating what will be a return to 1964, hoping at the end to be in controllers of whatever is left of the GOP after the election.
Rubio is the bought &amp; paid for mouthpiece or stooge of the exiled Cuban Oligarchs who still believe they can restore a pre-Castro Cuba. Of course he's still in the Cold War, without remaining there, it's no dinero.
The exiles who came to America to plot their return to power.
Several families, such as the Fanjul family. These people still think they can be restored to their privileged position in Cuba.
Awesome beard, great portrait photo.
Put a sign on your mirror--Urge to shave? Wait 48 hours!" And NEVER keep a razor in the bathroom!
Would be conjecture if: an opinion or conclusion formed on the basis of incomplete information, but they are the "support" upon which Rubio moves. So admission by Rubio--no longer conjecture. The Fanjul Family was explicitly thanked by Marco Rubio for their support in his autobiographical memoir "An American Son"
It is an opinion.
You need to consider the possibility of tying it, Sikh style. Basically hiding the length under your chin when you need to have a shorter appearance.
Looks good, particularly well set off with the smooth scalp. If you do decide to trim, I suggest minor trims over a period of several days, even a week or more until you reach a length you like. With your density, you can carve what you want. Well grown.
Unsupported in your opinion. This exchange isn't productive. I'm out.
Nice--pairs well with the scalp.
Whoa, good traveling! Looks great, enjoying it?
Good going--
Seller does not offer returns. Why? Seriously consider the braid, tying and hiding Sikh style, anything but cutting. Just shave the scalp clean and keep on enjoying that awesome beard! The Shaver's Remorse would be too awful to think about!
Keep working on getting in shape, working on your academics, and shave it off--and stop letting it rule your life. You have male pattern baldness-it doesn't have an effect on the brain, you're just as smart as before. Get this behind you, it's just hair.
I've been doing that for a couple of years. Get some hair bands, not rubber bands--they have clear ones very, very cheap at stores like Sally's Beauty Supply--that don't damage hair, rubber bands can break and damage hair. Gather the beard under your chin back near the neckline. Note: Jojoba oil will dissolve the bands! Band the hair into a pony tail, then braid. This works best with a beard rinsed in the shower with plain water or after shampooing and conditioning. Fold and tuck the braid under your chin in a pocket you can make with your finger, and pin it with a couple of hair pins--for all the world, once you've practiced a bit, everyone will say you've trimmed! Some unscented hairspray will hold strays.
Still only has half the support that Trump has--this is not a "win" for Bush, but count on some high priced spinning to make sure the movement gets out there. Surprised at Cruz' low numbers.
And the poll leader is such a magnet for "moderates"---there aren't any more moderates in the GOP they have been cast out, labeled as RINO, and rejected for insufficient reactionary thought.
Very nice, and I'd bet you can have a nice braid right now when you want to.
So, past is future in Florida--and medically competent abortion being outlawed, the poor are consigned to kitchen table butchers just as they were before Roe v Wade--abortions won't go away, if they had a memory they would know that, only medically competent abortions will. Why the poor? Because those able to afford a plane ticket will still have access to medically competent treatment just like they did before Roe v Wade--so the past is now their future. If we don't listen, history will keep repeating until we do--although poor women will pay the price with their lives.
I would be more impressed if anything in their toolbag included prenatal care for those who can't afford it, guarantees of quality childcare after birth, or course post natal care for the mother, adequate health insurance for mother and child, and so on and so forth. Their toolbag seems to just require the birth, and then like an irresponsible and unloving parent abandon the child in the "woods" so to speak. Insofar as the "religious" aspect of their toolbag, I question whether they can find any scrap of evidence in scripture that Jesus ever tried to get the civil or religious authorities to adopt his teachings as civil laws.
It's called beard envy!
*This is why we feed, house, clothe and (supposedly) provide healthcare to criminals or drafted men.* Yes, and we also do it for abandoned animals in animal shelters. I'm sure these legislators have voted for such support to people and animals, yet they have created a "seventh circle of Hell" for poor women in particular.
What kind of razor where you using?
Well, it looks good--and I know right now you feel that it is sort of different. Let the beard grow, keep a smooth scalp and in around 30 days, you'll never, but never, go back to balding. Welcome to the Bald &amp; Bearded Brotherhood.
Thumbs up! Very nice trim, you did it yourself? Great combo with the smooth scalp.
Try minimal trimming until three months--that's really the earliest you can really see what its maturity will bring--fantastic so far with great promise for a great future. Put the razor in another room!
So, rather than having to make "contributions" everywhere, it's one stop shopping to buy influence and permits for fracking in Florida--efficient, yes, smart--well considering the geology of Florida, prone to sinkholes, etc., maybe not.
The bill for the Jindal Swindel has arrived! Now the legislators will try to lay off their prior lack of legislative curiosity on Jindal. A joke--these guys laid down and let Jindal screw the State. They need to confess their shortfalls in competence, and get busy paying for 8 years of gubernatorial incompetence and their yellow bellied responses to Jindal. The taxpayer pays the bill, as usual.
Fracking is a mining operation--and zoning to permit and regulate industrial facilities and operations has always been a local issue. If a town or county wishes to exclude fracking operations it is within their power as the zoning authority, unless as here the State does a carve out of that authority.
In many states exploration for things such as oil, gas etc, are considered for purposes of law mining. But, operation of an industrial establishment is still subject to zoning. But don't get yourself up in a fit---unless the Saudi's let oil rise to the price of fracked oil, and they won't if it costs them market share, there won't be any action--no bank will lend to a project that has a unit cost of $50-60 a barrel and income of $30-40 a barrel--that loses money. And many many fracking companies are over the financial barrel right now--so who's going to start a new project to lose more money?
Only a very minor trim I hope--great growth.
Why would you do that--it is an awesome growth!
Well, considering the history that was set in Louisiana when our infamous Edwin Edwards ran against David Duke, leader of the Klu Klux Klan, the voters knew that Edwards played close to the edge, and ultimately did go to jail, but when it came to the likes of David Duke--a Trump supporter BTW--they elected Edwards, and there were bumper stickers that proudly said, "Vote for the Crook, It's Important". I can easily see a rerun of that voter logic with Hillary and in addition to the original version, it could also be supported by another version, "Vote for the Bitch, It's Important."
What he's really saying is that be bemoans the strong possibility that he will be "minority Leader" in November--a leader of a party that is dying, rotting, dissolving--and he doesn't understand that he, as a "head" of the party is a major cause, because, like dead fish, the rot begins with the head.
Paul Franz Von Papen Ryan!
Paul Franz Von Papen Ryan--young enough to rue this decision for many years. Not unexpected--he thinks he can "moderate" Trump.
Really great looking. Where to now?
You have male pattern baldness: 5 possibilities: #1 just let it be and go bald with a fringe, etc., #2, seek out medical assistance to try to hold on to what you have--expensive, lots of unpleasant side effects possible, #3 rugs, also expensive, never look quite natural no matter what some say, #4 plugs--expensive, scarring, and it must be maintained as loss continues and it will: or #5--tightly buzz or shave it off, extremely low cost, easy and natural. Just make your choice--balding sucks, no way around that--but for many just getting ahead of it, shaving it off works. Try it, what is left will grow back if you don't like it--and you won't have spent a lot of money, scarred yourself for life or exposed yourself to drug side-effects. Suggest #5, first.
They are making the same mistake as Franz Von Papen--and it's a good bet neither of them would understand that comparison1
There was talk that Newt, who memorably disgraced himself while in public office, as well as in his private life, believed that he could be the VP candidate on a Trump ticket. Newt obviously has few scruples when it comes to self-aggrandizement, but even he sees this outrageous position as unsupportable. I wonder if it becomes a general question for all GOP candidates during the upcoming campaign seasn, down ticket, whether they support such crazy statements.
So, big question, will Republican candidates have to answer the obvious questions, "Do you condone, support or in anyway agree with Donald Trump's statements on the impartialilty of the judiciary based upon race, ethinic origin or religion? A clear an unambigous, yes or no please. And what will you do to show your position in this regard?"
Well, don't do drugs, male pattern baldness is not a disease &amp; the drugs have side effects, don't do plugs--they're expensive and leave scars, or rugs, also expensive and never really look real plus they are a hindrance to life. But with a good beard like yours a really short, 1mm, buzz or shaved will remove any visible signs. It's a little strange at first with the new dude in the mirror, but you get used to that.
Works, good move.
A non-event!
Well, Ryan's comment regarding Trump's crude eructations, that they were way out in "left field" was a glaring error--they are way out in "right field" the field that Ryan and others of the so-called leadership prepared and fertilized for their uber-rightwing supporters. Ryan needs to be reminded that he sold his soul in a Faustian attempt to keep his "influence" with the "new leader." It didn't work for Franz von Pappen, and it won't work for him. He needs to remember that as the descendant of Irish immigrants, he is not that far removed when the Irish were treated as the dogs in the manger--ultimately they reacted politically and became strong. In a like fashion it is more than likely that his fellow Americans who share Mexican, Latin and South American antecedents will do much the same thing--and they will remember who their friends were--and this election cycle is placing the GOP outside that pale. He should have withdrawn his support with an apology to all Americans! He will pay the price.
Very true--but even if he apologizes for his slur, he still will need to explain the issues of the law suit--was he scamming the public for private gain with a bait and switch sales program? There are laws against that sort of thing, particularly if you use the mails and public communications to advertise and attempt to advance the scheme.
Okay, even if Trump apologizes he faces criminal charges! He can stop talking about Hillary's e-mails, and explain his enrichment, this could get really interesting! Racist, fraudulent schemes--what a candidate!
This guy needs to read up on the wisdom of past Republican presidents when he publishes this kind of twisted logic, "Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt." Abraham Lincoln Buchanan has lost his grasp of the obvious in his foolish attempt to apply simplistic pseudo-jesuitical logic to Trump's racist eructation.
Like everyone else--yes, you too have male pattern baldness, and it's pretty well advanced, Google Norwood Scale and you can see your relative degree of baldness from 1 to 7. Since it won't get any better, shave it--it will bring up the beard. Although you'll continue to lose hair, it won't be noticed, hidden in plain view. Let your gf see you right out of the shower--the drown rat look--she'll prefer the shaved look to getting stuck in the rain with you and have everyone see the extent.
I don't know, but it looks damn good to me. Your instincts are right on target about barbers. If you trim--don't try to get there all at once, very light trims, minimal even over several days. I frankly wouldn't--looks good now, why fuck with success?
The Daily Bell staff has a pretty tenuous grasp of reality--and a thinnly veiled bigoted program. What the Trump "fans" won't like is the "toned down" Trump, they actually like the bellicose traditional Trump eructations, and won't vote unless they are fed such drivel. What will they do when the prosecutors start tagging Trump for his illegal actions in the TU case, and other real estate scams?
Yup, lots of good stuff there--also there are other real estate scams he's been involved in, getting investors' money for projects that never got off the ground. He's the "Music Man" of real estate development, with a couple of bankruptcies to his "credit" (pardon that bad pun)!
Ryan needs to wake up to a disaster that he now owns--the so-called "scandal" of the e-mails is going to pale quickly in light of issues like Trump University with 100s of voters who were scammed out of their money, and yet to come, voters who were scammed by real estate investment schemes involving Trump. When it comes to this kind of issue--Ryan will learn the lesson of glass houses!
Delusional---state department rules were violated, not laws! Wail on about "e-mail" all you want--it will not result in any criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. She's admittedly arrogant, but the mistakes she's made on that account don't rise to the level of a crime.
Source--know someone who foolishly invested in a Trump condo development--crashed and burned and he lost a significant amount of money. Needless to say, he won't be supporting Trump, he is now saying he probably won't vote since he can't stand Hillary. He and other investors are working to recover money, and it does include discussions with the FBI--because, the federal mail system was used to disseminate material and solicit investment--and that is a crime!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nixon was NOT impeached, he certainly would have been, but he resigned first! I have no knowledge of any pronouncement that there is any proof that the Russians have her emails,, etc. Get your facts straight=it's groundless statements of make believe facts that keeps this farce about the emails going--but then make believe facts are the basis of the Republican Party in the past 15 or more years!
there is no evidence at all, only allegations of these matters--politically motivated facts. She'll be cleared of any of this BS, and it will only survive in the caterwauling of those who refuse to accept facts if they don't meet their own desires for some kind of retribution.
Exactly, it is involved---and next we'll see head shots of his victims saying that he lied and misrepresented the courses, that he used bait and switch to juice his victims for every penny, and all the while the background will be his bigoted attitude regarding a respected judge. And who knows what this blondined bombastic bombshell will say next? Going to really enjoy the next fart in church and the responses of Ryan and McConnell--the two guys playing Franz von Papen to Donald's Hitler.
Now how are Ryan and McConnell going to gloss this over? McConnell says Donald doesn't understand the issues--that won't cover short paying employees and contractors--just think of the visuals as they list his defalcations in campaign attack ads! This is going to be great "reality" television, Donald as the "you're fired" guy!
If that evidence exists--it has been alleged to exist--that still isn't sufficient to say a "crime" has occurred. The only absolute about any of these allegations is with Faux News and that type of reporting. A crime is a very difficult thing to prove--very.
All I could think was, "I'd hate to see what Trump considers racist?"
Good to see that there are some people who still have political standards, Ryan and McConnell could learn from these guys!
Most stand up comedians could not dream up some of the things he says. Just when everyone believed that Sarah Palin was the "gold" standard for nonsense, Trump out does her in every aspect, and then top that with the Senate Majority leader's comment, ". . .it's pretty obvious he doesn't know a lot about the issues,", well--this is a reality TV nightmare for the GOP!
Yeah "a" black friend--not friends, but then since he seems to try to fleece everyone of every dime he can grub out of them, may he doesn't have many friends, with an s--hangers on, but no friends.
I believe the expression said with a thick accent is, "Why they're just like family!" Except of course that they are paid at a fraction of the value of their labor, and God forbid they should fail to do one action or "duty" that the Massa assumes they should know instinctively, and of course--the children, well you know they're so much happier with their own kind.
I'm just praying some Democrat doesn't let loose with a comment about the "dumb" blond! Also reminds me of a line from a Tennesse Williams play when one character makes a comment regarding what she sees as unusual behavior by her daughter, something like, "Why it's the hair bleaching that's done it, it's gone straight through her skin and affected her brain!" I never have believed Trumps "Hair" color is natural--and also think that all the hairspray has seriously impaired his ability to reason normally.
Trump's got a lot of people out to his events--but the critical question--does he have the state organizations set up to take names, register voters and make sure all these loonies can vote--my guess is NOT.
Really good job with the trim--restrained, keeps the mass. Great combo with the smooth scalp. Plans forward?
I have been trying to figure out why Trump goes out of his way to put his foot in his mouth on such a consistent basis and I think I figured a good possibility out--it's the hair bleaching that has done it--it's gone through his scalp and dissolved part of his brain, then he's fried the other parts of his brain with excessive use of hairspray inhaled while constructing the combover.
That's a common ploy of crooked developers! Then threaten that if they file a lien they won't get anymore work--
The comparison that isn't being grasped, and it should be, is the comparison of the GOP political leadership to Franz von Papen--who convinced Hindenburg and others to take AH on as Chancellor because they could "control" him to advance their own agendas--just like Ryan and McConnell think they can calm Trump down and use him as their WH control to advance their own agendas---and Ryan is literally putting his new agenda out there right now!
Well, it is Trump, so no surprise really!
Not to worry, that is the case for a lot of guys! Nice growth!
Oh yeah, I guess this guy has a degree from Trump U!!
Just remember you can have your own opinion, but not your own facts, and with the blondined, bombastic Trump, most of it is documented on video tape--those are facts and facts are very stubborn things--he's like a large number of developers, he makes money shorting his subcontractors and employees. I guess Romney is now a "leftie" according to the new Trump'd Up version of life!
And well, if those folks are "kicked off" the insured, they still will use health services, and those providers will have to increase their fees to the remaining insured. So--it's either they pay directly through ACA, or the rest of use pay for them through increased insurance premiums and costs for health services, medicine costs etc. There is no free lunch--but at least ACA puts some of those costs with the recipients of the services. So what's wrong making those people pay for insurance that saves the rest of us money?????
Oh yeh gods--be it Yahweh or Allah-there is no connection between the religion of Islam and the acts of demented individual--he only claimed ISIS or ISIL whatever, in a 911 call after the act was in progress, and what has been determined about this guy so far indicates he was nuts--but still was able to buy assault weapons even after being questioned by the FBI about his acquaintance with and Extremist--sounds like if there were some real teeth in gun sales, there was at least a chance of preventing this fruitcake from acquiring an assault rifle.
The "agenda" is simply stated, "Whatever happened to the good old days when children worked in coal mines and everyone knew there place!"
Retarded??????????????????? Retarded is thinking anyone with a 45 pistol can go up against a gunman shooting an AK47 and live to talk about it let alone make any difference!
&gt; You just have to shoot him before he shoots you. &amp; get 1 close enough to effectively stop the gunman, but 2, and somewhat more difficult without extensive and regular practice, be able to hit the target--the gunman--without endangering innocent bystanders. Quick and ACCURATE handgun shots that the gun advocates "sell" happen only in movies.
Yup, that is a good source of reliable information on guns!
*Endangering innocent bystanders isn't a concern in a mass shooting.* Amazing, just amazing how far away from reality you are--it is one of the most important parts! Your marksmanship--easy to say, hard to prove!
You're watching too many movies!
They all deserve the Franz von Papen Award!
Example five people, four with health insurance and one without, walk into a health facility--say an emergency room, each receives care amounting to $1000, a total charge of $5000. For the four that are insured, that cost is paid by insurance and the insured's co-pay. but the costs of the uninsured patient must be paid--they aren't free. So, to make up that cost the health facility structures its charges for the insured patient to cover the cost of treating the uninsured--in the simplified example, $250 is the additional amount factored into the payments. The additional is hidden--but because nothing is free it is there--an undisclosed "tax" paid by the insured to cover the loss on the uninsured. With ACA--there is a greater chance that more patients have insurance so that that hidden "tax" can be reduced.
Beard is looking good--but, the receding hairline is a problem. You might want to consider a tight buzz or a shave--the hair isn't coming back. Look around on the site--lots of guys are sporting full beards and smooth scalps--it's a strong look and would compliment your appearance.
You missed the point--the uninsured's health care must be paid for--Ta Da=--so whether it's deductible, copay or insurance proceeds-all are effected if one person is getting services without any payment--and the healthcare provider can't turn them away, by law they must be cared for even if it is apparent at the beginning that there isn't any payment for the uninsured! And there are even some more expensive problems because the uninsured must by law receive care--the hospital has to pay, but extended care facilities aren't required to accept non-paying patients so they stay in the hospital at a higher cost, again passed on to those who do have insurance!!! The "tax" is there. ACA while not perfect, is a huge step in solving this problem.
*He’s certainly smarter than Donald Trump* That's setting the bar about as low as it will go! Newt's brain farts are just that, they are totally inappropriate and they smell bad. I guess he'll have some ideas on ethics next--forced out as Speaker because of his ethics problems--and then marital relations/family values--multiple wives, including one he told he was divorcing while she was in the hospital for cancer. Human kindness is another short coming.
THE important thing with a beard is the guy's own enjoyment--if you're enjoying it--keep going. Plus it's a very good looking beard to have to enjoy!
Oh boy, spread a little mindless hate &amp; and things that hide under wet rocks come out to play!
Just mentally, and morally!
Common sense--and anecdotally, I too have had many Republican and Independent friends speak the same way on gun control and Trump--so I'm hoping that in the privacy of the November voting booth they follow their best instincts.
But the decline in the GOP's favorability began before Trump, and it could be linked to the lack of their ability to accomplish anything that the electorate values. Could it be that the GOP's overarching policy of NO, to anything connected with the President be the cause--I'm thinking that's got to be a piece of this.
Or some wild assed concept called the First Amendment.
Disgusting, just disgusting. Why, in the Summer--just cruel and inhuman.
Tequila? My worry is that it would be more like the Berlin Wall, keeping us from leaving or better said escaping Trump"s Magic Kingdom! Will the President of Mexico have to say, "Mr. Trump tear down this wall!" to support American's rights to leave LaLa Land, a la Trump?
His ignorance is betrayed, or his planned tyranny is betrayed, with the implicit notion contained within his statement that he has the power to do so under the Constitution. Too much hair bleaching and hairspray--it's all gotten to his brain.
The first seeds where thrown by Newt Gingrich! He thought he could raise a crowd with indirect allusions to racism and hate.
Who spiked the party punch--they aren't cognizant of the fact that in many respects Cruz is worse, much worse than Trump--he's just smart enough to keep a blue jacket and a red tie over his brownshirt!
Unless the Tea Party wacko-wing of the GOP is eliminated--like that wing eliminated what they termed the RINO GOP members--the GOP is kapput--and we'll be in territory not covered in 100 years, a new party coming into existence, if one can, or maybe we become multi-party in the sense of European style parlimentary parties.
Trump again proves his character, he's the textbook definition of schizophrenia, "A brain disorder in which people interpret reality abnormally"! Yup folks, we knew he was crazy, now we know one of his mental disorders--anyone else noted another?
I bet our "friends" Paul Ryan &amp; Mitch McConnell received that news and felt the egg on their faces!
Exactly--add to that the fact McCain's finer days are now long past, he's not willing to go as a statesman, but wants to "pretend" to be tough. Another thought, why he's so desperate to keep his seat in the Senate--he really doesn't want to live in Arizona.
Ah give the guy a break, he probably was still a little fuzzy from inhaling the excess of all the hairspray to hold the combover in place
I just developed an interest in it--played around on the computer, then took the college courses--as an alumni I could audit for free. So, why? Just curious and I've enjoyed it. But, although I can read (with help from Leo ;-D ), my listening comprehension and ability to speak are very limited. My thinking is that a four week course will let me improve my listening and speaking skills since I would be in a German speaking environment. I'd also be interested in ideas that might help in addition--I watch movies and some TV, listen the the DW pod casts, etc.
I bet Franz von Papen thought he could sue or otherwise control Hitler too--that didn't work, this won't either. Ryan needs to realize that this country is far greater than his so-called "plan" that he's releasing--he isn't wowing them with the plan, but he's got tunnel vision, he must even think that there is a Republican party left to save. News flash, Trump's nomination will be the tombstone of that institution. Ryan and the other uber-Republicans who snubbed and expelled what they called RINOs for the party leadership and the party is reaping what he sowed.
beard whipped at highway speed hurts--I tie up.
Can it be done with the beard????? Really--I don't need it on top--nothing there--but as a tie up for the beard, it could be good.
The death of the GOP is happening before peoples' eyes and they won't acknowledge it. Trump can't save it or reverse it--he's just the tombstone of the pissant practices of the so-called leadership that destroyed the party.
So if Trump pulls the down ticket members of Congress down with him in defeat--will he then admit his leadership seems to be lacking! There might not be a GOP after this election--just a two or three faction groups trying to take the brand.
That's a rather nasty comment regarding prostitutes!
When you're spending time worrying about hair loss--that is waste because you can't stop it---at 40, about 35-40% of men are experiencing hair loss. But--you've made the right decision--saying no to plugs--scarring and expensive, drugs--expensive and side effects, &amp; rugs--expensive and they never do look "right". It may take a few weeks to get used to the "new dude in the mirror" but if you're like most of us once you've shaved and feel the liberation, your only real regret will be that you waited so long. Don't forget to pack some good sunscreen &amp; use it--burned domes hurt! And, you may get some extras--some women just can't resist giving you a nice head rub, and that never happens to a balding man, just the smooth bald guys.
Really hold off if you can--at least three months, except for absolute minimum trims of strays that can't be brushed into control Beards are patience, and patience will be rewarded.
Ryan is thinking like Franz von Papen--he believes he can influence and control Trump if he is elected and advance his own agenda--didn't work for von Papen--Hitler creamed him, Hindenburg and all the "elites". Trump will not be controlled, and hopefully he will not be elected. For the conservative concern about the court--that they want to impose their will on the people--they may not like the court with Clinton, but there will be a court--with Trump that is not a certainty.
Good example of the thinking by the so called "religious right" that is neither religious or right--they just want to be "Christian mullahs" and imposed their limited view of religion on everyone and run roughshod over the rights of others.
The problem with the "conservative" movement in the US--it's not actually "conservative" at all, it's right-wing populism--is that they not only want to have their opinions adopted by the nation as official policy, but to accomplish that they want to have their own "facts." This country was established in part to insure people could have their own opinions--but no right to impose them on others. There is no basis for them to try to impose their own "facts" on others. They have no problem imposing "big government" on the nation to accomplish their goals, and their attempts to do so prove they aren't and never were truly conservative. They just want the police out of the board room and instead to move them into the bedroom.
Or having been in the Senate learning something that is useful to the clients of lobbyists' clients. He's an empty suit in search of a steady paycheck.
Tip #1--Just don't shave below the ears Tip #2--don't trim at all until three months--beards are patience. Tip #3--let the beard grow
Shaver's Remorse hurts like hell. What was gfycat thinking?
Just remind the voters how expensive the Jindal Swindle was! We'll be paying the bill for that twirp for years! $1 billion surplus when he came into office, and today, the budget deficit looks to be closer to $800 million than what was thought to be $600 million. And at least with crooks like Edwin Edwards we got some entertainment value--Jindal was just an expensive bore.
This presupposes that the GOP, as a political entity, will be a single unified party. That is unlikely--it will be a loose confederation of right wing groups that caucus together for the sole purpose of being able to elect a Majority Leader--and that has been shown to be difficult before a Trump Disaster, after a defeat it will become harder. Although unlikely, it is a slim possibliity that the party will fracture into two even three parties--then they lose control when they can't agree on a Majority leader.
there is a 100% Aloe Vera gel available at Walmart.
From Michelle Bachmann's campaign?????????????????? Yeah, that guy is highly selective in picking the campaigns he works for.
Don't sweat--great beard, but sorry, frankly don't understand the shaving. I could very well relate to shaving the receding hairline off--I came to that conclusion and never looked back--also have been constantly bearded since then.
Well this article could imply that he's not so smart--just driven, but driven to the point of sloppy--but it does involve $$$, and Trump needs lots of money! http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/23/politics/terry-mcauliffe-fbi-doj-federal-investigation-campaign-contributions/
Good reality check--Trump may have equity in property, but that isn't ready cash and he's got "partners" like banks and investors who feed him fees--but he can't access the real dough. He's property poor--at best, and that's if his valuations of his property aren't exaggerated to pump up his "Net Worth"--ie value of property less loans, less interests of banks and third parties.
That may be, but it's going to be interesting to see if these negative votes are made an issue in the campaign--to further motivate voters who want a change. There is a possibility these votes could be enough to bring out more protest votes--a viable commodity in this year's election.
Clinton's advantage is Trump's failures and ploys are all 5 second sound bites, Clinton's problems all take too long to explain--and even then are debatable. Quick slams work--Trump's in serious trouble if this kind of ad gets traction this early.
We'll be hearing more of this from well heeled fat cats like this guy, and also elected officials, like those who have dumped the party this week. The GOP is dead. And like a dead fish, it rots from the head down--Ryan--pathetic, McConnell senile &amp; worse than pathetic, Junior leadership, hungry and full of nonsense. Don't stand close--it will take people down with it as is crumbles and rots.
great shape, color, density. Grow on!
That won't last--the economic history of any real estate developer is enough to scare them--even if the developer hasn't gone bankrupt, the debt levels and his statement, "I love debt" won't fly--his problem is that his weak points can be delivered in a 5 second sound bite for the most part, Hillary's take time to explain, and the attention span of the voter isn't long enough. Although it won't change those who have a visceral hate of Hillary, the sound bites will scare enough Independents, even some Republicans to her side. She wins. GOP takes a serious hit anyway this plays out. The GOP senators played right into the Democrats hands on the gun issue--so they aren't doing well--everything they have to say pro-GOP takes too long.
The GOP is consistent--each decision gets them deeper in the hole! The Trumpets will punish the GOP for years if they are denied what is admittedly an almost certain defeat for the WH in November, and the Democrats have a good shot at recovering the Senate because of Trump too, but Dump Trump could very well cost them the House too. Romney hasn't learned a thing in 4 years, and his sidekick, Ryan, isn't any better. They will finish off a severely wounded GOP that probably won't survive anyway. To paraphrase Will Rogers famous quote, all the leadership may now say without fear of contradiction, "I am not a member of an organized political party, I am a Republican!"
As I said, ". . . it won't change those who have a visceral hate of Hillary" Thanks for the example showing what I said.
Again, as I said, "Hillary's take time to explain, and the attention span of the voter isn't long enough." Thanks for the example illustrating my point.
That "majority" isn't 50%! She's not trusted by many, but not as many as distrust Trump, his is far above 50%. It makes this election cycle interesting.
Are you wiping down with an astringent like witch hazel after shaving? Are you washing your head--it's very easy without hair--twice a day with a mild, antibacterial soap? Are your pillowcases clean--no hair anymore to insulate the scalp from a dirty pillowcase.
Marco can't find any place in private industry because he has zero skills. Once there is a Democratic nominee, I think all Marco's warts and failings will make it much, much closer. With Trump at the head of the ticket, Marco could go two for two and jobless.
Sounds like somebody wasn't offered much on K Street! But even there they expect that a potential lobbyist know where the Congress is located and to be a somewhat familiar face--Marco can't do that. So, he needs a job, private enterprise wouldn't hire him for "work"--he's adverse to that--so back to the trough. My guess is that after the convention and the determination of the Democratic opponent--this will be a surprisingly close race for Marco. He's just got too much baggage left over from the presidential primary--including the "size" comments, not senatorial Marco!
Americans are far too insular to understand this. Few have any foreign language ability, few understand the impact of the London financial markets, and their education is not as wide ranging as European educations. Ask any American today if there is any major sports competition going on. There is, do you know what it is?
The Republicans tried to avoid having to vote "against" gun control to neutralize the obvious negative going into November--but now the Democrats have the upper hand on this issue, the Senate dodged another issue when they agreed to vote, albeit against, the increased gun control---but maybe they realized they have enough negatives for having failed to do their Constitutional duty to advise on the Supreme Court nomination. The party of "No" just can't break its bad habits--and it will be more than interesting to see what the voters think of this &amp; the Blond Bomber for President ploy!
Oh there was a reason--to let the members--both Republicans and Democrats debate the issues, modify the legislation and reach some deal to help address the gun madness in this country. When a country has more than 370 mass shootings in a year with nearly 500 killed and more than 1400 injured, added to victims of gun violence, more than 13,000 killed in 2015, nearly 27,000 injured there is a serious problem--serious enough for open and wide ranging debate, not a rules trick out of public view to eliminate discussion!. That's thirty times the number of such incidents that occurred in Britain, 30. It's not enough to ignore the problem, recite cant responses--some serious and hard thinking needs to be done, real political leadership and not toading to the interests of the gun manufacturers and gun merchants. At some point there will be a political reaction--and if they don't want to deal with it now--they won't like the result.
You might want to pick up some Hydrocortisone Lotion 1%, not the creme. It reduces redness. Also a loofah pad or sponge when you wash your head may also help by exfoliating the skin.
The real surprise would be if Donald Trump's business in real estate development and construction in New York &amp; New Jersey did NOT involve the mob---of course, anyone in development, particularly in those states has had contact, numerous contacts &amp; deals with the mob--and it will be fair game after the conventions to expose his less than legal dealings. Won't be pretty--and that fact made it surprising that he would even try to throw a pebble, much less a stone, at Hillary regarding illegal activities. Hold on folks--more on Mob Buddy Donald coming to your movie screens next. It's reality entertainment--Trump's specialty.
Gotta love the Scots--careful with their money and all that--a threatened Pound, they go for safety in the Euro, and considering the state of the Euro, that's a real slam on the Pound.
Great growth, nice combo with the smooth scalp!
Who cares?
Certainly *not* for US businesses trying to sell their goods and services to UK interests! Another goofy comment from the Blond Bomber! It's got to be the hairbleaching or all the hairspray that's made him crazy.
Bankruptcy reorganization may have "worked" for Donald, but not for all the creditors who got crammed down or totally eliminated in the process--and those are real people, real companies with real jobs who performed work and delivered goods. All he may have lost is some developer and management fees, but somehow I think he got those paid outside the rules that say they have to go back. The Blond Bomber is a "Music Man" vendor--and he ain't selling trombones!
Oh he came up with a plan in very general terms--after 7 years promising to have one on the table--but no specifics. But it does seem to involve even more money to for profit health insurance companies as its base--anyone thinking like I am that he's been very well paid by those interests to assume this position? Paid to assume a position?--sorry that's the definition of a prostitute.
Exactly--one or the other comment must have been after all the hairspray to tie down the blondined hair--hairspray can glue up the mind too--particularly small ones.
Das ist sehr doof!
You look 10-15 years younger.
Your concerns are common, but what you don't know now--and can't until you've gotten rid of your receding hairline--is the tremendous sense of liberation that you get putting that all behind you. You get used to the "new dude in the mirror" pretty quickly, but that sense and feeling of liberation lasts! You're only regret--that you waited so long.
You'll never know unless you try! My only regret was waiting so long that I was almost at a combover--. It will take about a month to get used to the "new dude in the mirror" but smooth scalps and full beards like yours now really make a nice combo!
Google up Norwood Scale--looks to me that you're getting into 4 territory. Try shaving--if you don't like it after a month or so, let it grow back out, about a week to 10 days to get back to where these pictures are. KEEP the beard--and maybe consider going a little long on a full beard.
Well Shaver's Remorse is hell--consider this to avoid the "crazed" look--shave the scalp, keep the beard. You will probably look younger too. You've got great beard genetics, which happens a lot with guys who also have the genes for male pattern baldness.
4, or 6---solution is the same. Your only regret will be that you waited so long--get free!
With a little practice--shaving only takes a few minutes, particularly since Mother Nature has already done the heavy lifting!
Good probablity that your future is bald. Understand the desire to stay the same--but that isn't real and it sounds like you realize that. When worrying about your hairline gets in the way of living, that's the time to take it off. It does take a little time to get used to the new dude in the mirror, but that passes and you'll only wonder why it took you so long to do it. Balding sucks, being bald is very comfortable and natural--without the fringe, of course.
For the life of me I don't understand why any self respecting illegal immigrant would want to go to Texas--pass through maybe, but stay in a place where there is no there there? Doesn't make sense!
*"there is no there there"* Gertrude Stein, Everybody's Autobiography (Random House 1937, p 289) A somewhat famous literary quotation--with derogatory overtones!
Why would you shave a good looking beard. Minor, and I do mean minor trims only--don't touch the stache it's still maturing.
It's damn professional looking now. Remember, they are interviewing you for what's between your ears, not what is on your chin--unless you're interviewing with Schick or Gillette! Good luck.
Assuming you shave your head to the ear, then have the full beard--works for me, it stops where the ear pieces for my sunglasses crosses the ear.
Yup--no shaving below the ears works!
Keep it up Donald! You sick blond!
The Republican just can't let it go--after all, right after their main policy statement, "No", beating dead horses is what keeps them going.
Congrats--it's a great beard, but I think they were probably more interested in what's between your ears, LOL.
Big ego, thin skin!
Why did you take a job with Schick or Gillette--any other employer wouldn't mind at all.
It does help that the current governor is more interested in being governor and attending to the business and interests of the State and its residents rather than concocting some scheme to make himself look good in the eyes of the extreme right. And, he doesn't stay out of the state more than in--as did his predecessor. Now all he has to do is straighten out the budget mess that the Jindal Swindel got the state into.
