I remember in my textbook in a college class I had, in the chapter on evolution, they mentioned a case regarding frogs in Minnesota or somewhere that were born with extra legs. Everyone suspected chemical pollution but it turned out to simply be an example of random mutation. In other words, it wasn't an environmental cause. I'm not saying that climate change isn't a problem or even the trigger for this sort of thing. It just reminded me of my book.
There is a checkbox to turn the automatic redirect feature off. So now I only use it to set up initial redirects of the main menu or other necessary pages when I'm re-doing someone's site.
Why the hell does every single article about Bernie Sanders start off with a sentence like "of course he'll never win"?
My stupid bird didn't play with toys for more than a decade. Now she does and she's an old lady for a bird at over 20 years old.
You can get cockatoo shampoo. A cockatiel is like a tiny cockatoo. I'm assuming your bird is a cockatiel.
I keep the one I lined in my office for when they turn on the air conditioning too high.
Thank you. I'm glad somebody has written about this.
My parents are republicans. I think sometimes my mom sometimes secretly votes democrat though.
There are frequently requests for tutorials around here. I think learning how to read API documentation is probably more valuable.
I have lived in a tiny space like that and I liked it pretty well. An apartment like that where I live would still be super expensive, though.
Ariel the cockatoo is now just Big White Bird. Big Bird. Big Ginormous Humongous Bird. Big Chicken Bird. Big Chicken. Big Big. Fergie the conure gets called Green Bird a lot these days.
I you are looking to microload 1lb and you get a bar that weighs 3lbs more than the bar you used last time, what good is your 1lb microweight?
I have a 4 cyl '94 Ford Ranger with 90,000 miles. I'm sure it's not worth a huge amount but it didn't cost very much to begin with and I've never had any problems with it. I hear it was a good year for the Ford Ranger.
I would think the summary would be fine use for the metatag module. Isn't it recommended practice that a description tag contain a useful summary?
The house I grew up in cost $15K brand new when I was 5 years old. In 1983 when I graduated high school my mother sold it for about $200K. Nowadays that house would cost 7-800K. There are bubbles now and then, but the overall trend in California is upwards.
It's a nice little truck. Not very powerful (the 4 cyl), but it's reliable.
Long time ago when I was young and newly married and broke we bought a used washer and drier that had been refurbished by a guy who specializes in refurbishing and selling home appliances. It was a good bargain and our machines worked perfectly.
You don't need to use either one. There's too much scent in them anyway. Takes several washes to get the drier sheet smell out of my clothes if someone happens to stick a drier sheet in when I'm not looking.
Are you planning to spend this money in the US? Do you just want clothes to wear to college? Go to Costco or Target. Don't go to a mall and pay mall prices.
I graduated from college with a degree in Women's Studies (now it's called Feminist Studies) in 1995. I took a lot of classes where it seemed that the objective of the class was to purposefully push your buttons so that you could explore where your discomfort was coming from. I found the whole experience to be quite educational. At the same time I was selling flowers on the street corner in a largely Mexican neighborhood so it was weird to see the difference between the culture as described by a Chicana feminist vs. these ladies coming by every day to buy flowers for the cemetery or these men buying flowers for their girlfriends. These two worlds did not seem like the same place, in my opinion, and that experience kept me grounded in reality, in a world of real people. One Chicana feminist writer, Cherrie Moraga, wrote that the danger was in ranking oppressions. That always stuck with me. I think a lot of this stifling environment that the OP writes about might partly be caused by the arms race of ranking oppression. You've got to have oppression at least as bad as the worst off to avoid having someone call you out on your privilege, even if you have to practically manufacture some kind of oppression out of your own emotional problems (of which there seem to be plenty which may be caused by forcing kids to live highly structured lives constantly under adult supervision). In the end I came to see identity politics as a bad path to freedom and equality, but if anything, there is more identity politics on both ends of the political spectrum and inward into the individual as there ever has been. If I were in charge, I would make sure that all undergraduates and their families understood that it was the intention of the university to challenge and disturb every student, and if they weren't into that, they should attend a different institution.
That's one thing Ray Jardine writes about in his book The PCT Hiker's Handbook. In the final chapter he writes about how we all spend our lives striving for comfort, security and status and how spending time out there you realize that none of those things are a path to real happiness, nor are they actually achievable. You come to see how they matter very little and that true fulfillment is found elsewhere. It's so hard to maintain that outlook once you come back to the regular world, though.
I should have taken classes in computer programming back when those programming classes were about Basic and Fortran.
Let her get it out of her system. Let her lay the eggs and sit on them for a while. Then take them all away at the same time a couple weeks later. My 23-year-old conure laid an egg this spring after many years of not laying any eggs. I took it away after she sat on it for 1 week. Too soon. She laid another. So I gave her two weeks of sitting for the 2nd one and now she's done with it.
I name them all Saturday and remind you I only work Monday through Friday.
It was an unseasonably cool May in Southern California as well.
Jeezus it hasn't changed at all. - I'm still planning for a backpack trip this summer - I'm still eating canned salmon and sweet potatoes for lunch - I'm still sitting at the same desk in the same office with the same job - I'm still driving the same vehicles - Hell, I'm probably wearing the same clothes as June 3, 2014 since what I'm wearing is more than a year old.
I created my own module. The zip part is a custom function that uses PHP ZipArchive to unzip the file after upload. http://php.net/manual/en/class.ziparchive.php Looks like and extra for IMCE now does this. https://www.drupal.org/project/imce_unzip Come to think of it, I think I got the code for my custom module from this: https://www.drupal.org/node/956790 .
My module didn't actually do this on creation of a node. I created a separate administration page for this. If I can find it, or maybe if I can find the example I stole the code from, maybe I can post something for you.
This is true as I've observed the average size of Costco shoppers get ever larger since we got a Costco.
I prefer the 1000 sheets per roll tp. It lasts way longer than any other kind.
We've given up on printers, too. If we get another printer it will be a high-quality laser printer. Otherwise, we take stuff to work or to a copy shop and print it there.
That's when they pulled out the fiddles and banjos and did a square dance with a caller.
My vision issue is I'm well over 40 years old.
Your hosting company will probably have php available, so find a free form script that sends the details of a form via email and you'll at least have something up quickly. Try to find one that gets good reviews, that has some protections against abuse. Your hosting company might even have one available that it has vetted and approved with a one-click install. All you would have to do is customize the appearance of it.
This is spot on.
I have an associates degree in geology and a BA in Women's Studies. I've taken a few undergraduate programming classes and some university extension classes along the way to broaden my skills. That's been more than enough to get and keep a job in this field. If you are planning on going to college, I'd go for a real computer science degree. Don't bother with a web design degree or anything less rigorous than that (really avoid anything that sounds like it came out of ITT Tech or Devry). You don't need a degree to work in this field, but having a CS degree will give you way more options and more potential for growth.
Something like that would be very handy to have. For splinters, for example. Thanks for that suggestion!
A 1L MSR Titanium kettle is the ONE pot. You can make mashed potatoes, oatmeal, ramen, pasta, mountain house if you're feeling fancy, coffee, pudding or anything you want over your pepsi-can alcohol stove. It's light, the alcohol stove fits inside and you can find a small titanium spoon that fits inside, too. Put this in your backpack and you are good to go, wilderness or wherever. At home, just get a big frying pan with a lid. Heavy bottom if you want to make steak. 99% of the meals we make at home use a pan and in a pinch, I suppose we could use it instead of a pot for some of the other things.
No no you cannot save money baking your own bread. Because you are compelled to eat it all immediately fresh and warm because it smells so darn good and is so irresistible.
Start with family and friends. See if they or their family and friends have anything they don't want anymore.
I'm not a big guy, I'm a small older lady. I was very self-conscious the other day because the plates were set up in a way that would be noticeable that it was quite a lot of weight. I was afraid that any deviation from good form would have people tsk-tsking behind my back, so I cut a few sets short rather than risk the scorn. I don't mind it when I'm resting and someone tells me they've seen me lift before and are impressed but it does freak me out a little to be watched while I'm doing it.
Except that I'm strong enough to get attention.
If you have an avian vet you could ask for a necropsy.
We calculated that printing things at home cost us about $20 a sheet. Ink jet printers--Never Again!
The dollar store Crystal Light type stuff is what we go there for. And reading glasses. We don't have kids.
Even better is the views content cache module. Set a view to update when nodes are created/updated.
What did you do for money from age 51 to age 59.5?
I changed bobbin and thread and cleaned out the bobbin area and the little tension circular things and that seemed to improve it.
I use those things and I still don't think my privacy is absolute.
I don't know anything about organic groups. The module lets you set your views cache based on whether nodes are created/updated/deleted. Obviously this is problematic when you want the view to update when associated nodequeues are changed, for example, because that isn't a trigger. I suppose if your organic groups situation is similar to wanting an external event to trigger the content cache, you'll have similar non-results.
It's a Lexmark of some sort. It's a total lemon. I think the only thing I ever printed was maybe 1 short PDF and my taxes. It has rarely worked. $20 a sheet may be an exaggeration, but it can't be far off because it has hardly been used and simply refuses to work.
The hem is ironed. I did put the wrong side of the waist band on. Also, the waist band was sort of a mistake. When I cut out the waist hole I don't know what happened, it was way too huge. So I had to gather the top and add this waist band. It was a good test though so now maybe I can try again with nicer fabric.
The wrong side is intentionally out because I used an old sheet or comforter cover or I don't know what it was. The right side was all pilled so I turned it over. But then the waist band I messed up. I usually wear shirts untucked so nobody will ever see it anyway.
I posted one last night - gathered half-circle skirt. It's pretty beginner-ish but I have to start somewhere.
Oh, the hemming I didn't mind. I didn't do a very good job of it. I folded it over only once, ironed it and sewed it. Went for a ride on my scooter wearing the skirt and then had all these threads to cut off that had flapped in the breeze and gotten loose. Seems problematic to fold over twice. The more you roll the fabric, the more the difference in circumference becomes apparent. I'm not sure what to do about that.
I'm glad she found a good home, but part of me also thinks that these pet shops are rewarded for not taking better care of their birds whenever someone rescues one of their worse-off birds.
I think a large amount of people with a full-time job (aka workin' 9-5) actually end up working a hell of a lot more than that.
What kind of bird is that? Is he a pionus? He's really handsome.
It should make all of us angry. We regular people are getting the shaft. There's almost nothing left that we can do to attain a middle-class life.
Thrift store is the best option really. Alternatively, if all you want is fast-drying performance fabric, pretty much any lightweight polyester, nylon, polyester/cotton or nylon/cotton blend shirt will work. Lightweight being the key.
Some people do choose it and some people have the type of job that might make self-employment more attractive. But the vast majority of people do not. Contract work is disadvantageous for most of us and a lot of employers are screwing us by offering it and playing up the lifestyle advantages while hiding the fact that what they are doing is externalizing the risks and the costs of labor onto the employee. The reality is that it's expensive to work this way and unless they are paying significantly larger salaries, you're coming out behind. I did some contract work and made $14,000. After taxes, only about $9000 of that was mine. I got no health insurance as a result of my contract work, no paid time off, I had to purchase my own equipment. I did it on top of my regular job and in the end I didn't think the extra time I spent doing this was worth it.
I don't have that kind of machine. I have a workhorse Pfaff 322 probably from the 1960s. It does straight and zig-zag stitches.
My cockatoo does this, too. And if she just drops it but you pick it up, suddenly it becomes The One Feather, her Precioussss.
That same American culture produced people like Anish: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgDeh2XDNY4
I find the opposite has occurred. I'm a woman so it's natural to see nothing but flaws. But as I've gotten stronger and more capable I feel pride in what my body can do and care a whole lot less whether it meets some ridiculous ideal. My body is also firmer, so even though it's the same size (or maybe even a little bigger), I just feel better in my body.
I don't have a fabric shop at all in my town, so fabric simply is not available. So far I'm just using sheets and things from the thrift store or the free box. Once I feel like I'm qualified to use "real" material, I'll order something online.
I think there actually is and it's a branch of the teamsters.
I wish we would just get rid of debates all together. And ads. Instead we should allot each candidate a specific amount of time on the air to say their piece. Perhaps have a moderator or town-hall style general public ask them questions, but no debate. Instead of ads, let each candidate present a simple fact sheet of their own position.
I have not seen a single thing about him on the regular network TV news or in the Los Angeles Times newspaper, so no, he's not visible on old media at all. I only get the paper Thursday through Sunday though, so there might have been something I missed.
Soaking up some sun and scheming what next to destroy.
You've got mice.
Either your bird likes your parents and no longer likes you, or your bird is in love with you and wants to attack your parents, but because it can't reach them, bites you instead. My conure is like this. She loves me and hates my boyfriend. Will bite the shit out of him. Will sometimes bite me instead if she can't reach him. When I'm gone, she will tolerate him and not bite, even step up on his finger. When I return from being away on a vacation and pick her up from the boarding place, I cannot be the one who removes her from the boarding cage. I have to let the staff do it or she'll bite the living daylights out of me. Then I have to leave her alone in her cage at home for a while or else I will get some nasty bites. When she's done with her pouting and rage, all is back to normal again and she's sweet and lovey again. We've had to come to an arrangement over the years. I have to accommodate her quirks.
Yes, I will never get another bird. I've been saying that for about 20 years now though. They live so long.
What kind of bird? You could try wrapping it in mesh medical tape. There's a kind that sticks to itself without adhesive on the back. I forget what it's called.
I've been wondering something similar myself. I can lift a whole lot more than I could at first. Does it stress my body more or less? It feels like less stress but maybe I'm just in better shape now. Flesh is flesh so putting 200 more pounds on it has to stress it more than 100 did, right? Also, I'm a woman so it's not like I'm going to get bigger and bigger muscles. Sure I have a little more muscle than at first, but do I need to keep stuffing my face with protein indefinitely?
I eat canned fish nearly every day. Usually salmon, sometimes tuna. Sometimes I'll change it up and have chicken. What's really good is spam misubi. It's like a Hawaiian spam sushi roll.
&gt; This is why it is recommended to still work when you have DOMS. Sometimes it comes down to hours with my recovery and the next stress. I'll still have the DOMS in the morning and be wondering how on earth I'm going to go lift as I climb the steps to my office, and then 4 hours later at lunch I go lift. That 4 hours made all the difference.
I think it's fire. There was a previous picture with fire in the background. I think the fire finally reached the camera.
My thrift stores tend to be fairly pricy, but I have found that sheets, duvet covers and curtains can be pretty economical as far as raw materials to make stuff. Also men's XXL clothing works well. I made a skirt from an XXL Hawaiian shirt that I found for free (the thrift store will charge up to $20 or more sometimes) and another from some ugly basketball shorts I also found for free. I also turned a pair of capris I bought that were just too tight into a skirt. So far skirts are all I've made, but I think I'm going to try fixing some holes in my jeans in some kind of creative way.
So basically, haldol. And for some species, haldol and xanax. And to prevent it, birds should be raised by birds, not hand-raised, but good luck with that because it's not profitable to not hand-raise birds because hand-raising them gives you two or three clutches per year and letting the birds raise their own babies gives you only one. Plus consumers don't want non-hand-raised birds, but we should start asking for them. And then of course we should give them good, stimulating environments to live in and let them fly. I can say that my conure used to chew off her wing and tail feathers when she was stressed out. This usually happened when I took her for boarding. I hoped I could appeal to her vanity so I let her grow out her wings and forced her to learn to fly (she's like a blimp and she doesn't like to fly). This really helped. She doesn't chew her feathers anymore, not even when she goes for boarding. Maybe she thinks she's too pretty now. Our cockatoo picks her feathers just a little. She probably should try the haldol because we do everything else. She flies in the house, she has "work" to do, she can make a big mess without getting in trouble, she's got an outdoor cage, she can almost fly to us on command (still learning and she gets scared she'll fall out of trees). But she still overpreens and picks her leg feathers.
Gratitude lists are always a good idea. But what worked really well for me was to hike a long trail like the Pacific Crest Trail. That stupid trail beat the lesson of life into me. I got to the point where if there was a huge mountain or 10 of them in my way, I simply climbed them all. If I was soaking wet and the trail wanted to keep raining on me and slapping me in the face with wet bushes, I would just keep hiking soaking wet in the rain and wet bushes. If my feet hurt and I still had hundreds of miles to go, I'd go the hundreds of miles with hurt feet. If I was lonely and there was nobody to talk to for days, I walked in silence for days. If my gear broke, I figured out how to fix it and kept going. Eventually I learned. It doesn't matter. You just keep going. And what's your reward? To see a wooden post in a clear-cut. And then go get a job. There really is no reward at the end. Just keep moving. The reward is in the doing.
No, they really are a real thing. A regular juicer that you just smoosh the lemon on works better though.
I'm a total novice about these things, but can you use lycra binding tape?
I get sheets, curtains, table clothes, duvet covers, pillowcases etc. from the thrift store or from a freebox in my town.
I'm not a purse-type person at all, but I would carry that purse. That's awesome. I love the two contrasting patterns.
You can taste pretty much anything without dying.
You have termites.
In all the times I have lost weight it worked best to walk, not to run. Hills and stadium steps for more strenuousness.
I made a cute skirt out of a ginormous Hawaiian shirt. The shirt was all frayed and ruined. There's a lot of freedom when you are learning using stuff like this. You can't really ruin it and waste money if it's already ruined to begin with.
Thank you. It's a bit frumpy, maybe too long. I figured I would err on the side of too long at first. I'm not sure pockets on bias-cut fabric is very durable, but this fabric is pretty strong.
&gt; Going to the gym is the most efficient and cheapest ways to improve my fitness. Actually it isn't. It costs absolutely nothing to take a walk or go for a jog outdoors in the sunlight. You don't need special clothing and shoes, either. Just something comfortable.
An interesting tool I learned about at DrupalCon is Patternlab. http://patternlab.io/ If designers could learn to design in patterns rather than build little photoshop posters of the pages, I think we'd all be better off.
She needs help. You must scratch her little head and help those sheathes to come off. Do this and you will forever be her best friend forever. Maybe she'll even return the favor and preen you eyelashes.
Oh, that's sad. Every night I get a full facial from my conure.
I'm a lot older than you and female on top of it. You could do either starting strength or stronglifts and it wouldn't make a heck of a lot of difference. Even starting strength doesn't recommend power cleans for "the elderly", which you certainly aren't but I might qualify for. I've never done them in any case and haven't suffered for the lack. You don't even have to substitute rows for them, either. I found that the 3x5 was adequate stress to make progress. 5x5 isn't necessary. These days I do 4x3 (4 sets of 3) or 4x5. I still continue to make progress 2.5 years later. I go up by 1.25 or 2.5lbs a week. I don't think a PT is the right choice. If you can, try to get a coaching session from a Starting Strength coach. They will teach you the lifts and make any recommendations for you about programming. You don't have to go see them forever. You can see the coach once and then go back again some time in the future when you feel it's needed. The best thing is you will know they know their shit. Getting a Starting Strength certificate is really hard.
You can get pet burger from US Wellness Meats and it will be nutritious enough for you to eat plus grass-fed. Lots of organ meats, which of course are full of vitamins.
I bought barbell weights (255lbs) and a rack to store it and a bar, all used, for $75. If I could find a cheap squat rack and maybe another 100lbs of weight I'd be set for life.
I look every now and then. Someday I will get lucky. I'm not sure I can build anything I would trust my life with.
This summer, for a little bit of it, I'm loading up my backpack and driving my boyfriend to the Pacific Crest Trail in Sierra City. I'm going to hike with him for 5 days, then say bye, drive home and spend some time cleaning this hoarder's mess we call our house and doing a little sewing. I might even take his horrible loveseat thing to the dump and then pretend I don't know what on earth happened to it.
I couldn't listen to even 30 seconds of the video because of that music. Gag.
I believe that was actually the author's last paragraph.
That's beautiful. I wish I had a figure like that.
Did you use a pattern or did you draft the pattern yourself? I like the shoulders.
That's exactly where I screamed bullshit. I gave it a few more paragraphs before I just had to close this article. Being true to yourself means that you don't sacrifice your values to be something someone else wants you to be. You don't have to have a deep and philosophical understanding of your values. You simple have to know when that little knot of indigestion is telling you something. In other words, listen to your gut instinct. If it says "I don't know, this seems shady" or "I really love him/her but I'm not sure I want to give up XYZ for him/her" LISTEN to that.
I'd like to disagree with not attaching any value to possessions. For example, I have some possessions that I have attached enough value to them that I still use them 10, 15, 20 years later. Isn't it more minimalistic to use the same useful things for decades rather than to throw out everything and start over?
I did commit career suicide once. Was out of full-time work for 2 years (and out of all work for parts of those 2 years.) I was paid in wildflowers and was the richest woman in the world for a while. It wasn't so suicidal. I'm back in the cube farm once again, counting the years. Even a big recession didn't kill my ability to get back into it. If you can leave, maybe you should. I recommend having something that is pulling you toward leaving, though. Just being aimless won't be as positive.
I am SOOO jealous. You have no idea.
I believe their unique twist is that they use the domain name only and thus can provide a less heavy means of initial filtering.
You will be petting that bird for the rest of your life! He looks so sweet. Glad to hear he'll be happy and loved now.
Birds should not be allowed to be so cute. It hurts too much!
My bird's usually quite proud of herself when she's wet.
That's really nice. Looks more comfortable than the Adirondack chairs my boyfriend made from a kit, too.
I have BeautifulSoup installed. That might work. I did manage to just wget some stuff, but had to move all the files out of the nested directories in order to have solr index it. The nice thing was the real URL to the original document was a field in solr and was preserved after moving all the files, so maybe that's enough.
The feathered, more modern kind are pretty bad, too.
In addition to the stuff about posture and awareness, deadlift. A strong back will help you maintain better posture.
Anectdotally, as a middle-aged woman, I can eat more without gaining weight than I used to be able to before I started lifting weights. And I can lose weight a lot faster than I used to be able to. But I can still gain a lot of fat easily if I'm not careful. Basically, it is easier to maintain my figure, which admittedly isn't going to win any beauty contests, but at least I no longer struggle to stay this size. My clothes never shrink in the drier anymore.
People don't know if the empty bar is because that's all you are strong enough to lift, it's what you're on schedule to lift because of your program, or if you are doing some kind of rehab for an injury.
My conure licks my face if I'm salty with sweat. Otherwise she mostly nibbles and preens my face. Every night we have a nightly nibble session. First she does me, then I pet her fluffy little head, then it's bedtime for birds.
Burt's Bees honey lib balm.
You can fix that with a needle and thread. You can use a seam sealer, like for tents, to seal the seam if you find that necessary. I wouldn't think it's necessary. The pocket is pretty far up and wouldn't get hit by very much rain. Seam sealer would look ugly, too, so don't do it unless it's absolutely necessary.
I kinda like that folded side-button waist idea you came up with.
For me it depends what stage of development I'm in. If I'm just in the development phase, I don't bother. If the site is on the production server, I will make a backup. I usually don't have any problems updating modules, and when I do, I can usually fix it pretty easily. But I don't want that kind of pressure on a live website, so I'm more cautious.
Awesome! The bones on the grill looked good enough to eat, too.
So pretty. Looks like my Ariel.
Maybe if Uber really did simply link people together without putting a lot of employer-type demands on drivers then they can succeed and be what they are supposed to be.
The thing is, they are going to need that stuff to start their new lives.
I'm older than a lot of redditors. It has been pretty devastating to observe over the decades how badly retirement security has been decimated. Shouting "get a job old man" at people isn't a viable outlook. If this country continues the way it's going I hope they at least decriminalize homelessness. We're going to need some shantytowns.
You mean it seems like a great way to get on a sucker list that they can then sell to marketers and other campaigns so that you can get bombarded by crappy emails. Right?
The concierge.
Please don't do this. I hate it when people go into the backcountry and build shelters out of the trees. It's not necessary and it's not leave no trace.
Don't have AC. I don't need it most of the time. When there is a heat wave I just suffer. Sometimes I have to lay on the floor. Sometimes we turn on a fan. I often wish we could sleep in the back yard but there are too many skunks, raccoons and possums out there.
Go have a consult with an accountant so you know what kinds of bookkeeping you need to do. You may also want to take some marketing classes. As a business owner you will be more successful if you understand marketing and accounting as that will be your primary focus now, not twiddling around with code. The code is the easy part.
Dang. My cockatoo just attacks my buns.
I would like to be doing actual work if I'm going to waste so many hours of my life sitting there.
You can go to Texas.
You will have thimbleberries soon. I was in Sierra and Plumas county last week. I saw a few puffball mushrooms past their prime and a couple of onions at altitude.
I don't begrudge anyone their preferences for a large house, but where I live (Southern California) there aren't enough smaller rentals. The rental market is really tough. People have to cram roommates into studio apartments, people share bedrooms and still pay over $1000 a month for rent, and many home owners have at least one illegal rental unit in their house just to afford to live in a house at all.
I used to work in mental health. I had a lot of neighbors of the group home where I worked demand I kick out residents that they didn't like. Legally I cannot evict people just because they are not pleasant to be around. People have a constitutional right to be assholes.
The best thing to do is learn about responsive design. You probably do not need separate layouts at all.
My boyfriend's house burnt down a while back and he replaced it with a manufactured home. He was really happy with it. He tells people that a manufactured home is kind of like a webapp in that it's gone through many iterations and based on feedback from owners, the design has been refined. All the little details tend to be well thought out.
That article was about a lot more than just bloated pages and long load times. It was pretty interesting. As to his point at the very end, I don't think we can ever go back. I think the passive consumerist overly complicated surveillance web that funnels money and knowledge only one way is only going to get worse. The good old days are over.
Do it, but set the date as December 31, 2016.
It works great. We bring our cups and our newspaper and walk to the coffee place for a nice simple morning out. With our own cups, the coffee stays hotter longer.
My first bird back when I was a teenager was a lovebird. He would masturbate on my cat's head. She loved it because she had terrible flea bites and she would purr and purr.
Trainers do train people to use barbells. You just have to ask them to train you on them. You also may have to ask what kinds of qualifications they have for barbell training and you may have to shop around to find the right trainer. But I've been to three trainers specifically for barbell training.
Thank you. These look helpful.
Praise the lord, finally something that actually worked! Thank you so much!
I've got to try this with my cockatoo.
rake routes: users GET /users(.:format) users#index POST /users(.:format) users#create new_user GET /users/new(.:format) users#new edit_user GET /users/:id/edit(.:format) users#edit user GET /users/:id(.:format) users#show PATCH /users/:id(.:format) users#update PUT /users/:id(.:format) users#update DELETE /users/:id(.:format) users#destroy In routes.rb users isn't nested or anything, but it does nest things itself: resources :users do resources :schedules resources :contacts resources :alerts end This problem is for pretty much all my routes, not just users. But it only affects tests as all routes work fine in the browser.
I accidentally replied in the wrong place. https://www.reddit.com/r/rails/comments/401t3y/why_in_my_tests_does_get_show_id_user_work_but/
Okay. I suppose it make sense. Odd that it works in the railstutorial.org app but not my own app.
People here like to complain about stuff like this but it's your chance to make a difference. Even if the boss has no idea you cleaned it up or doesn't care, you know you made a difference. It feels good.
I do the same thing. Paper towels are for gross things and for things that are hard to wash out of a towel. Towels are for drying things off. Sponges are for scrubbing and cleaning.
Bosses don't care about most things that you care about. That doesn't mean you can't still take some pride in having improved something. I find this is how I find joy in otherwise joyless work.
Yeah. I've always worked for a salary and I have always had tons of time to twiddle my thumbs. I find refactoring to be better than actually twiddling my thumbs.
I am just not interested in living paycheck-to-paycheck. I want to know that The Man can fire me today and I can live for a couple years without being desperate to find a job and end up settling for a crap job. If that doesn't happen well then I like knowing I can tell The Man to go F himself and set off on adventures instead of putting up with his BS. One time I did just that. I quit my job and spent two years hiking the Pacific Crest Trail instead of working. I also like knowing my vehicle can blow up and I can just pay cash for a new one (been there, done that) and I like knowing that I can probably retire in something better than a cardboard box.
I am a morning person. I try to get up at 5:30AM so I can sit and read the computer for a while. Hopefully during that time things will be, eh, ready to move, if you understand me. If I instead get up at 6AM, the heat comes on and I can sit on the couch with a blanket over my lap and the heat will come up under the couch and fill the blanket with heat. It's so delightful. I'll sit there for a little while reading the computer. After that, I go take my shower, eat some breakfast, feed my birds and go to work.
It fades glass into beach glass, so why not? It's probably some kind of man-made object that's been rolling around in the waves for a while.
Ah, thank you. That explains it. I swear I spend more time learning and trying to figure out why my tests don't work than I actually do on the application.
Seriously forget the calories burned while lifting. That's not what weight lifting is for. It's for building new muscle tissue. To build new muscle tissue you must eat enough and you must stimulate the process by lifting weight. The only thing you really need to measure is the weight of what you are lifting. Did you lift more than before or not? If not, you're going to have to adjust one or the other of what you ate or what you tried to lift. As a woman, and an older one at that, I can tell you that even someone like me who lifts without worrying about the calories ends up solid as a fucking rock eventually. The only thing I worry about is did I lift more. I don't always lift more but my efforts are always toward that end.
If you want to be able to eat a lot of protein and also maintain a pretty stiff calorie deficit, you're going to have to set up a situation where your calorie requirement is fairly high so that the 1000 calorie deficit doesn't have you on meager rations. You can do that by getting a lot of exercise.
Just so you get not just freelancers answering, I have never been solely a freelancer and the few times I've done it I hated it. My first job was a temporary job to make some wireframes for a product. When I got that job all I knew how to do was use Dreamweaver to make a website. I ended up staying with that company for 5 years and learned a little Java. I highly recommend finding a job (that you are qualified for) and learning from smarter people than you. If you do a freelance job, you won't have anyone smarter than you to learn from, but you could still try it anyway. Whether you succeed or fail you will still learn a lot.
College should be free and it should be paid for by corporations. They are the ones demanding an educated workforce and we are all expected more and more to use college as a sort of job-training or job-preparation activity. So if they want educated workers they should pay for it. Otherwise let us learn the stuff that actually interests us and don't make it a requirement for getting a decent job. Most jobs really don't need you to know all that stuff you learn in college.
You might be able to accomplish something using several taxonomies on your nodes and providing a search (exposed filter) with a couple of select boxes. You won't get URLs like that. Instead you'll get query strings on your URLs. Otherwise you should construct a single taxonomy carefully so that you can use terms with depth. If I were you I'd spend an afternoon creating a whole bunch of views trying this and that to see if you can accomplish this. Try it on a copy of the site so you can break things and start over and over again however many times it takes.
Companies should train us on their dime and if that comes out as higher prices for whatever the company makes, so be it. If I make software to manage inventory then my company's customers can pay the higher prices. It's worth it to them if they want a decent product. If I teach school (primary or secondary), then the government can pay for my education if it wants educated citizens. Since I as a citizen (and thus the owner of a government that is by and for the people) want educated citizens who will vote with intelligence, I'm happy to pay taxes for this.
It already comes out of my pocket in the end anyway. I do not like living in a world where young people are indebted up to their eyeballs or where most people are so stupid they can barely read. This depresses the economy in a way that affects me. Let companies pay for the education they require directly. That will save everyone money because people won't have to play the guessing game lottery with their futures. Am I majoring in something that will pay off? How can I even know anymore? What I do for a living didn't even exist when I was 20 years old.
You need to climb mountains. Start climbing mountains. As you work your way up climbing ever more technical and ever higher mountains, you will learn a lot about your body and what it takes to climb a mountain like Everest. It sounds like you have zero experience and aren't even physically fit, so start with the mountains closest to you. Start hiking and backpacking and join a climbing gym to learn technical climbing and to meet like-minded people.
It's an egg inside an egg, but it's not fully-formed. Sometimes an egg forms inside another egg. There was a video with a big egg I saw recently that did have a fully-formed second egg inside. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wubgAIiWpY
Is there a spider or maybe a tiny fly?
I think what you are seeking is a nice text editor that will give you syntax highlighting for whatever language you're working with. There are many that are free. Go in search and try them out until you find one you like.
That stuff doesn't really exist. It's just electrons. Turn it off and it's not really there anymore. Go outside in the real world. Talk to some actual people. Do things without blogging or taking selfies or facebooking about them. Join something that has you interacting with other people. Learn how to do something physical with your body.
I actually think the thing is plastic, not glass.
At what point do you get the error? Have you looked in your server's error logs?
Yeah, I ain't got time for 15-30 sets of squats!
I don't think we want to drop anything. Just add new. It's kind of a way around having to have any kind of administrative interface for entering all this data. I'll see if I can do this with yml files.
Your PHP isn't working. That's your problem. It can't find some module. You need to fix your PHP installation.
I had a job almost as shitty as that one. I quit with no notice. Some jobs don't deserve any notice.
Great thank you. I will have a good project to work on now.
I was only offering a little help to anyone who might ever have this happen to them. Even if that lady is being a slob, it's because she's probably humiliated. I had no idea what was wrong with me.
Can you eat coconut? Coconut butter is delicious. It goes by the name coconut butter or coconut manna. It's like a very finely ground paste of coconut and is not the same as coconut oil.
Perhaps, if there's one on the other side, it aids in hanging it on a hanger, the type of hanger that isn't a closed triangle?
If the image is a field, you can do this with a view. Create a block view, select the image and use the rewriting rules to output the image as an embed code. Use contextual filters to make sure it only shows an individual node's image. Add your view block to the content region of that type of node. It will pick up the node id and should display the embed code.
Interesting. I had an experience where I had a sense of "teflonic identity maneuvering" as it seems to be described in the article. I was working at a small company with an abusive boss who walked around the office yelling at people all day. Saying really inappropriate things compared to normal modern workplaces. People working there seemed really beaten down and afraid. I had just come off a two-year sabbatical where I had hiked the Pacific Crest Trail. I had this sense that nothing in this so-called "real" world was really all that real, and that no matter what anybody tried to say or do, I had just walked 3000 miles, they couldn't take away my identity or my memories or my self-knowledge of my strengths, weaknesses and capabilities. They couldn't redefine me because I knew myself too well and could see too easily through all the phoniness of regular life. Normally I get really flustered and might even cry if someone yells at me. When this man yelled at me I would get a sense of astonishment. He seemed like a caricature. It was almost funny. It seemed unbelievable. I had no problem with it because it seemed so disconnected from reality to me. I don't think this was a coping mechanism so much as just a huge disconnect between the world view I had vs. the unbelievable one that this external force was trying to get me to accept. I just couldn't accept it.
I really like handpan music. It's got no words, it's gentle and mysterious sounding.
I liked that Obama brought up the changing nature of work and how trends that allow large corporations to obtain labor anywhere in the world as well as the pressures on them to do so are making it so hard for citizens to get and stay out of poverty. I hope that whoever becomes the next president works on this a lot more. In the case of Bernie, I don't know that he has been nuanced enough about it in his message. He likes to frame things very simply in black/white terms. In the case of Hillary I don't really think she cares all that much, or if she does, I think she believes what's good for corporate America is good for everybody, and so she's more than happy to just keep making life grand for corporate America and not pay much attention to the rest of us.
Keep a journal.
Dark chocolate and peanut butter and jelly lara bars. Score.
I'm not trying to insult you. I used to work with a lawyer who used to be a programmer and he was actually trying to automate his own job and succeeding to some extent.
I was under the impression that a wide stance is to accommodate long femurs.
I'd just find a way to eliminate the preview button. Make them submit the data, don't let them preview.
It's possible after 3 1/2 hours he'll have to get used to it. Just do what you can to make it safe for him and then as hard as it is, bite the bullet and do it.
I hate that this is okay in the US. Our carpet is a disaster because my partner refuses to ever be without shoes.
You haven't been to India. They eat everything with their hands, and oddly their food is mostly runny gravies and rice.
I go to the gym on my lunch break and eat my lunch at my desk.
Their site doesn't have a navigation bar on mobile.
Yes, I agree. I was just ribbing this article because it didn't quite do what it said should be done. And I'm a fan of hamburger menus, which they used. I'm sure someone will say something about that.
Thank you. I got a sense from the article that there was an assumption that highly driven investment bankers are sociopaths, so let's go looking for traits that might indicate sociopathy. Perhaps it's more of the nature of how you see the world when you feel like you're sort of outside or immune to its rules. Or maybe it's just healthy detachment.
A fancy word that means "Super Diet Hack for Effortless Weight Loss" but really just means skipping a meal or two now and then.
Boing. Boing. Boing. Boing. Boing boing. Boing boing. Boing boing. Boingboingboingboingboingboingboingboingboing booiboiboiboiboiboiboibobiobiboibbobobiobodioobodiboboboiboibiobbioboiobboibobiobiobioboib!!!!!!
I'm betting that most gadgets for babies didn't exist 50 years ago, but I did exist 50 years ago and I know I had a nice childhood and grew up fine. So remember that when you start thinking oh my god I really really need that!
They should just pick more winners the higher it gets.
I've heard Indians use the term gravies so that's what I used.
Dude switch to harmonica or something you can put in your pocket!
Salaries are not uniform across the industry. A guy I work with is a site builder like you. No programming abilities, but he is a graphic designer on top of a Drupal site builder. He's making about 72K a year at the UC. I'm making less than that (also at the UC) and I can program PHP and Ruby on Rails. I have a lower job title than he does. It all has to do with the department and which Dean you're under and years of service etc. Sometimes the only way to get a salary increase is to leave. But sometimes it isn't worth leaving if there are other benefits. Just a few more months and I'll have earned my pension.
The leftovers from somebody's dinner. Somebody who probably has fangs and claws.
Well, I don't any of the fancy perks and I don't have a rock star salary or title and I don't have free this or free that. But I have a pension. I feel so fucking lucky.
Having a hundred pairs of cheap reading glasses stashed everywhere just in case.
Sure why not? If you clean it it will be fine. Generally it would be the wood perches that would harbor hard-to-clean bacteria, and you'd just replace those.
Not sure but if you offered your wrist at the wrong angle and/or if you wavered at all when he reached out to you, he may have decided that you didn't provide a safe perch to step up on. Make sure you stick your arm up to hist chest so he must step UP, not down, and when he reaches out with his beak, don't shy away.
Wow, lovely pictures. Spain looks beautiful. Kind of like Santa Barbara. Makes sense now. Your parrot is cute, too.
Is there a ferry to the big island or do you have to fly?
TIL I'm in the top 1% of the bottom 80%.
Cool. I visited Kauaii and thought no way could I live so isolated like that. If only they had ferries between the islands. But they can't because of currents.
A doctor isn't going to tell me how I can continue to squat while rehabbing my shoulder. He's going to tell me not to squat.
I have always done low bar squats with the starting strength positioning but at some point I started gripping the bar thumbs around because it seemed to hurt a little bit less. I think that puts the bar a little higher on my back, but I still try for low bar as I can lift a lot more that way.
I don't know what kind of injury. Probably the kind that any doctor would say "NO SQUATTING" to. The first set with the empty bar is always the most painful. I intend to be better about stretching, but I really don't want to quit squatting. It's always so much work to get back up to 200lbs. I'm almost there again for the third time. (I'm 50 years old and a woman.)
Front squats sounds like about the only kind of squats I should probably do for a while.
My boyfriend had work done in Algodones by Erika Medina. He was super pleased with the office, the staff and the results.
But professors are being outsourced to lecturers who make sub-minimum wage and I don't know a single person who makes airplanes or tractors. All the researchers I work with are grad students and a number of them actually live in China. Only their PI is here in the US. My dad did Cold War era research (and did it with a high school education no less) but he's retired and in his 70s with memory loss now. Most software companies have outsourced a great deal of their research and development. We don't really have an advantage in brains. There are smart people everywhere. We have a lot of people struggling to make a living who aren't that smart. What should they do?
There is an exquisite sense of freedom and happiness that happens when you have very few possessions and are traveling so you aren't in one place for very long. There are simple pleasures that give you so much joy that in ordinary life are not even noticed. Things like being able to sit in a chair instead of on the ground, or the way even a second-hand shirt that is torn and stained will provide warmth that you've been lacking. It's an amazing thing to experience. But there are many experiences to have in life and that is only one of them.
Looks like a hearse.
Weird you should mention this. I felt so skinny after the holidays and one week back at the gym I'm like wtf? Why am I so fat now?
I am sure I'm pretty weak but I'm also a woman. I find goblet squats completely useless because I cannot hold 45lbs in front of my body for an appreciable amount of time. But I can squat with close to 200lbs on my back.
I didn't know it was even a thing. Now I do.
What do you mean by screaming? Is it just their normal vocalizations, whistling, calling, squealing and whatnot? Or is it a literal scream of terror? Cockatiels are sometimes pretty noisy little birds. If it's a scream of terror you should figure out what is so frightening and remove the frightening object. If it's calling, like trying to call for the flock, she may calm down over time with love, attention and things to do. She is new to your home after all. She may miss her flockmates. If it's just singing, squealing and whistling, that's pretty much what they do. They're usually pretty vocal little birds.
The baby-boomer hate in Reddit is really obnoxious. Many of them cannot retire even though they would really like to. Some cannot because they don't have enough money. Some still have mortgages. All of them that I know are tree-hugging Liberals who plan to vote for Bernie, are outraged at the college debt of young people and incensed at the Republicans and their climate change denial. As far as work and retirement goes, they played by the rules and got the shaft in the end, just like you.
We can't make as much effect as we'd like just as consumers. For one thing the list of safe fish changes all the time. Second, they purposefully mis-label fish all the time so you can't even be certain you are buying what they say. I fully support there being marine sanctuaries and lots of regulation but there are a lot of countries that do not have that and they go out there and do whatever they want. Me eating one little local mackerel or whatever for dinner hardly makes a dent in supporting a healthy fishery compared to what's happening on an international level.
I put a third of my salary into my retirement plans. I'm basically giving this money to other people to use it with the hope--not a guarantee, just hope--that at some point in my life there will be more there than I put in and that it will be enough that I do not have to live in a cardboard box with a begging bowl.
Wow, awesome!
I've only ever seen that once with my cockatoo. I think it was overstimulation. A combo of hormones, general excitement, some rage and territorialism. In general, she crunches her beak a bit more slowly all the time. All the time. It's like a main personality trait or something. She loves to crunch when she is really super happy, when she's being petted a little too much (a little too sexually), when she's finding stuff to play with in her cardboard box, when she's sitting in her cardboard box looking at me out the window she's made, when she's been given some really cool new toy to play with, when I've allowed her to go under my blanket and she's now all warm and happy. She's a crunchy bird.
HIIT is more efficient than jogging. In the low intensity steady state realm, I think hiking up mountains beats jogging. You can get pretty efficient at any steady-state activity but hiking in the mountains tends to throw new conditions at you, keeping you from adapting quite as quickly. It's also way less boring.
Oh my god as a motorcyclist this scares the crap out of me, especially if they have dark windows. I have absolutely no idea if they can see me or not, and I can't tell what the hell they're actually going to do.
Never use poison. It may sicken wildlife. They should outlaw poison nationwide. I had a mouse problem once. The most effective thing was to figure out where they were getting in and plugging these entrances. I used steel wool and spackle to plug holes around plumbing fixtures or holes that they had chewed.
From the looks of the meat you fattened them up a bit.
I fall asleep at 8pm and sleep like a brick the nights after I deadlift.
It's possible that where the first big kink after that weird graft thing is a spot where a large branch broke off. I don't know what that weird graft thing is, if it's even a graft. They could have tied the tree there at some point in its life, maybe after the large branch broke off, and that could have left a scar.
I love little birdie loaves and buns.
Think of this forum as a place to get some good ideas. Take what you like and leave the rest. At the moment I have been buying coffee instead of making it, mostly because I haven't had a chance/remembered to buy some half-and-half to keep in the communal fridge and partly because I'm sick of the men in the office drinking my half-and-half and not buying their own. Even with them drinking my half-and-half it's cheaper than buying a $2+ cup of coffee every day, but it makes me mad when they drink my half-and-half and I'm just not in the mood to be mad.
At a company where I used to work the president liked to brag how he paid more for one of the palm trees on his property than he pays all of us for a year. The president of another company I once worked for complained that striking grocery store employees were grossly overpaid at $8 an hour and don't even deserve that much. Once I went hiking with a guy who does construction in Montecito, CA. Once he was installing marble flooring in some super rich lady's house, some special kind of really expensive marble with little natural holes in it. He had to lay out the stones so she could approve the order that they were in, and she made him lay it out several times before she was satisfied. Then she went around with post-it notes with arrows pointing at the holes she wanted him to fill in because she didn't think it looked random enough. He was extra annoyed by this because the whole point of this marble was the little holes in it. This guy was full of stories like this. He said he hated working for these people the most of all, but had to do it because that's where the work was.
Or maybe a cat with vision problems. WTF?? A normal cat could reach that easily.
I've been building grip strength by holding a heavy dumbbell for as long as I can with one hand, switching hands.
I find any discussion of people's infidelity in politics to be completely boring and irrelevant. What matters is their record, who they accept bribes, I mean donations, from and what they intend to do once elected.
Looks normal. My cockatoo LOVES her dremel. She will sit by it longingly hoping someone will turn it on and let her rub her beak against it.
Honestly I still do not care. I think people expect that there has to be a certain degree of histrionics when it comes to infidelity and I think too many people think that to be a feminist you have to think/do/respond X way to whatever supposed woman's issues. I am a feminist and a 50 year old woman with a BA in Women's Studies and I honestly think the majority of feminist identity politics is really tiresome. We need education for woman (on a global scale), we need equal rights, we need to be able to control our own bodies and make our own life choices. I think Hillary is great on these things. I don't give a shit if she was a bitch to some cranky people.
Like I said, I don't care. I care about policy. I care about what's going to happen to my own life. I don't care about squabbles like this.
I went to a "normal" grocery store the other day and you're right. It was huge penalty prices as far as the eye could see for people like me without a loyalty card. Like almost double the cost. I normally shop at Trader Joe's or some local high-falutin' health food stores where I know everything is overpriced. But actually it's not overpriced anymore. It is all cheaper at TJ's and the health food store than those penalty prices at Vons were. And nobody ever asks for a loyalty card at TJ's or the health food store.
I've worked in mental health (helped people with schizophrenia) and currently I'm a computer programmer.
Yeah, for years I couldn't ever find anything I even wanted to eat. Now I have a list of things I really like and I just go in and out like a surgical strike. Get my yogurt, my fish, my chocolate and I'm done.
Nothing like seeing that little beak pushing through the bathroom door.
Just like Rip says. Stronger is better.
I've never really aspired to that sort of life. It seems too expensive and difficult. If I had grown up in it I might think differently. Something a little less daunting and reliant on farming would be better.
I mostly remember him talking about how it was like a ritual there to redo the whole interior before you sold your multi-million dollar mansion so you could get top dollar, then whoever bought it would tear everything out and put in new stuff. All that rare granite or stonework, all those appliances and everything were never even used and just sent to the landfill. The lady with the post-its making him rearrange the stone and fill in the holes is the only particular story of individual insanity I remember. Basically he was intimately aware of the orgy of wealth these super-rich people were/are engaged in and it really disgusted him, as it does me.
I haven't been working out my entire life, but I am 50 and I have been physically active for over 20 years hiking strenuously in the mountains and the past 4 years I've been lifting. I will comment on the hiking. I hike regularly with people in their 60s, 70s and 80s. Some 60+ year-olds are stronger, faster and even seem younger than guys in their 20s, even some guys in their 20s that look like they play sports. Some guys in their 80s do slow down some, but they can still climb the big hills, they still carry a heavy pack and don't do less, they just go a little slower than they used to. I knew this one 80+ year old guy who had legs that looked like a 22-year-old who got bored hiking with us because he preferred hang gliding and other more extreme sports. I don't know what ever happened to him. He probably died since he'd be about 100 by now. A friend of mine is 73, regularly hikes and backpacks in the wilderness and still chases women half his age (and gets them). He also surfs regularly. Another friend of mine likes to sew his own ultralight backpacking gear. Another has a cross-cut saw license and plans trips to clear wilderness trails where power tools are not allowed. Carries his giant saw curled up around his backpack in a big U shape. I find that I HAVE to hang out with people older than me because younger people just aren't fit enough. Their lives revolve around their careers and their children, they get soft and care only about comfort, security and status. If I want to have any fun I hang out with older people 60+. Fortunately they're all just giant children themselves who love to have adventures. Because I want to end up like them instead of like the frail old people you normally see all crumpled with scoliosis or obesity, I lift, I hike and I try to keep my body in a state of growth instead of decay.
Yes, this. My boyfriend's brother was in the WTC when the planes hit and so many of his co-workers died because they could not even walk down the stairs.
Things that can help you learn include downloading and installing Drupal distributions as well as the example module, which is a module full of examples to show you how to write your own modules. You can see how other people have done it that way. D8 has a lot of differences from D7, but if you will be doing mostly site building much of it is the same or similar enough to D7 that you can still learn a lot from D7. So don't completely shy away from D7 examples, tutorials or whatever, especially for understanding things like views, panels/display suite, theming and that sort of thing.
I think it's just that American culture is really different from your culture. It's now normal for people to not know how to cook and to think it's normal to spend a lot of money to watch TV and use a phone. To not only think it's normal but that it's essential.
It is hard for me to know what the article is talking about when I'm not familiar with the music of any of the artists they mentioned. It's hard to say why some music lasts more than others. Tin Pan Alley seemed to have a formula for writing really catchy songs that lasted a long time. In general, we in the West seem to prefer a certain progression, and when that is lacking we feel unsatisfied or bored with the music. But there are always exceptions. I play American old-time music in a weekly jam session. We can play the entire night nothing but tunes in 4/4 time in the key of D and not get bored for several hours. Who knows why these pre-Civil War fiddle tunes have such staying power. One thing that differs with old fiddle tunes and modern music is that old fiddle tunes don't exist to make anyone money. And sometimes the question of why is some music "better" or more valuable or why it "lasts" has more to do with why did this music make so much more money than this other music. As far as music and popular culture goes, there's a whole lot more involved than just the quality of the music once money is involved.
Yes, I know, but I almost always feel like I could never do one more rep but there are days when I feel fine after that and other days where I feel completely wrecked. I rate my efforts better when I don't feel completely wrecked and consider those days when I wrecked myself to be days I should have aimed for an 8 instead.
I really want to spend 5 or 6 months a year hiking long trails and the rest of the time hanging out wherever there's good weather. Like the desert. Or hiking trails in the desert.
I forage mushrooms and stinging nettles are pretty good, too.
The match is free money! Don't turn down free money!
Yes.
A while back I bought a PVC plastic Irish flute for $50. I offered it for sale and a guy offered to trade me a mandolin for it so I took the trade. The mandolin was worth about $100. I took the mandolin to an old-time music jam for many years and eventually learned how to play it fairly well. Once in a while our jam is hired out for gigs. I've made well over $100 playing gigs that earned me $20 here, $40 there. Plus a lot of gigs payed in free dinner. I suppose I could probably play in the street now and then and make even more.
I live in a semi-arid region and puffball mushrooms will grow on sunny slopes where I live.
Will that give you examples of views and content types? I think he just wants to see how other people have accomplished things.
Me neither. I want to be tight enough to rebound out of the hole. I've never hurt myself for lack of stretching but I have hurt myself during stretching.
We have giant timber bamboo and sometimes use it for perches. We cut some of our sage for the cockatoo to chew on. We used to have a prolific passion fruit vine for our cockatoo. That's her favorite fruit of all time. But it died and our replacement hasn't been doing well. I've tried purchasing the wheat grass plants at the health food store (I think this is the same as "kitty grass") but the birds weren't interested in it. My conure likes the dirt in the pothos plants but doesn't care about the plants.
I don't know. Post it and see.
There's no stylesheets either. We had a similar issue with Drupal 7 and gzip compression settings on the server with our site set up in a subdirectory. There was some obscure thing we had to add to the .htaccess file. We had to add **LA-U:** to this line in both places, one where it is for CSS files and another where it is for JS files: RewriteCond %{LA-U:REQUEST_FILENAME}\.gz -s
I'm pretty sure Russia, China and Iran access my silly website about hiking trails in Santa Barbara, too.
I have a basic Drupal website that I've refined over the last year so that it works for pretty much 99% of the sites I ever need to build. All I have to do is copy the database, check off a few customized settings and done. Then I hand it off to the client and tell them the rest is their job. Let me know when it's time to go live. I have a Ruby on Rails site that I made. It has only one function, which is to log in and manage users. I can git clone this site, enable a gem to rename the site, and then build a new application with it. The basic user management is always pretty much the same for the stuff I do. The rest of it is always different, but I can copy stuff from previous projects.
I read this and thought, What? Budget airlines? Social media asking me to check off how many places I've been? Man, I'm really poor, old-school and out of the loop I guess.
Any time you want to show a list of something, that's a key that you want to use Views. To show users, you create a view, and when it asks what you want it to show, you'll be presented with a choice of content, taxonomy terms or users. There may be other choices as well. Choose users. Then once you're in the main views UI, you can refine it to filter on users with a specific role or whatever you need. To show a list of members who are referenced to a content item (not sure what that means exactly) you have to have some kind of reference. Content items usually have an authored by field so there is one easy reference right there you can work with. You can use the relationships settings in your view to get more information about the user who authored content. This is especially nice if you've added fields to your users. This is how you'd get access to those added fields. If you need other kinds of relationships, you may need to create them. You can add entity reference fields to your content type which will then be accessible to your views. You may need an additional module for D8 to do this. I don't remember if it comes with entity reference built in or not (I think it does but I'm not sure).
Well, being able to fix things is pretty good. I don't know that I would waste time on "survival" if by that you mean stuff like bushcraft. I'd learn to fish or hunt, but the likelihood you'll ever have to build a shelter in the woods in order to stay alive is pretty low. Instead I'd start day hiking and backpacking. Just by day hiking and backpacking I've learned a lot about how much or little water I need to stay alive, where to find it, how to treat it, how my body reacts to hypothermia, hyponatremia, excessive heat, 30 mile hiking days, how I can keep going with an injury, what types of conditions a fire is actually truly necessary and how to get it started in those conditions, how to set up a tent when you're hypothermic and don't have any tent stakes and your hands are starting to not work anymore. Stuff like that. I'd also work on getting fit and strong. Not just "we run and are training for a marathon" junk strong, but "I can squat double my bodyweight" strong. It makes a huge difference.
A Yooper who can't fish??!! Can you at least absolve your lack of Yooper skills by knowing how to make [Thimbleberry jam](http://thimbleberryjamlady.com/)?
Yes. All of them. Every content type has a panelizer setting by default. Once in a while my "customers" (I make sites for professor research groups) will make a special request for a particular node and then I will customize the panelizer settings for that node. I usually provide one page that is a panels page. Each piece of the panels page is a node that they can edit separately. I created a content type called "Block" and I use the nodeblock module to expose those nodes as Drupal blocks. This way I can place them with the blocks interface without having to give users permission to use the blocks interface, but since they are regular nodes, they can still edit them. I usually give them permission to edit these Block nodes but not add or delete them. There's a module called node-level blocks I sometimes use for special cases. This actually embeds the blocks interface at the bottom of the node edit page. I can limit the blocks and regions that the user can see and what types of nodes they can use node-level blocks on. This lets them decide if they want to stick something in a sidebar on a particular page. I also use context now and then since context gives you more options for placing blocks, like by menu item. And one I've grown really fond of is called Paragraphs. I created a bunch of little "widgets" that they can use to layout their own pages however they like. Now I don't have to see people using tables or lots of spaces to layout images side-by-side anymore, for example. I even made one to embed an image gallery. I fear Paragraphs will someday bite me in the butt for for now I really like it.
I'm pretty sure all birds only have two words in their vocabulary: Me and Mine.
I didn't know that they had elections, either. That's news to me.
When I was hiking the Pacific Crest Trail when I got to Washington I saw tons of people picking huckleberries which they then sold or used in their own restaurants for pies and shakes, and I saw lots of signs about how requiring a permit to pick salal and bear grass and there being a quota. I used to work in a florist and we used a lot of salal and bear grass. I don't know how great a living you can make, but these are just 3 items I actually saw people picking. I know they also forage chanterelles, morels, porcini and other mushrooms and at least one type of fern. Logging is also a form of foraging if you think about it. I regularly buy thimbleberry jam from a lady in Michigan who picks the berries and makes it herself. She has all kinds of berry jam and some other stuff like chowchow which I have no idea what that is, but it's all foraged (except for the sugar.)
I often employ the use of fields excluded from display combined with rewriting of other fields. You could include the node id as a field excluded from display, then rewrite the field for the link text to output as a link and use node/[nid] as the link. [nid] being the replacement value you'll see for that field you excluded from display. Since it's a view of taxonomy terms, you may need to add a relationship to nodes with terms in order to get access to fields relevant to the nodes.
Well, I only added that one because it would be a job you could do out in the same nature where you might forage, although it's sort of, well, quite, destructive of it. But you get to be in it while you're wrecking it unlike the rest of us wrecking from afar.
I was there through it all. He's correct. Read about the striking air traffic controllers. Iran/Contra. Trickle-down economics. He basically brought about the beginning of the end of the New Deal era which is why you are experiencing so much difficulty trying to make a go at a normal life.
The same goes for prescription drugs. The expiration date on your prescription is not the same as the date on the original packaging.
All I wanted to know was what did it look like to have ink in your skin and how much does it hurt. Now I know. To the second one, it doesn't hurt that much, but if it lasts for more than 3 hours, the pain does become hard to bear.
Plastic. Especially the idea that something that can last forever should be used for single-use disposable products.
If you want to eat in peace either feed the birds or put them in another room when you eat. I feed them. Breakfast and dinner is when they get their fruit and good stuff.
I'm in a liberal couple. I'm a woman and I like Bernie. My partner is a man and he prefers Hillary. We're in California so likely we won't make much difference either way when the primary comes.
Why don't you try good old-fashioned ditch digging. Chain some kettlebells to your ankles and do it in striped PJs for additional authenticity.
He hit the attention jackpot!
Thanks, I'll try them.
Looks like miner's lettuce. Should be popping up all over in Southern California now that we've had some rain.
You are assuming that there is a missing opening or closing tag. That is not the problem. I can go through the file and replace that structure with print statements instead of opening/closing tags, then move on to the next file and the next file and the next until they are all gone and then the app works. But the app works just fine on the server where it lives without doing anything. All I did was check it out of version control to my own system. My own system runs a different operating system and a different version of PHP. There is probably a setting somewhere that I need to change, or perhaps I need to downgrade PHP. On another app I checked out of version control, I had to change the error settings because there were significant things deprecated between php 5.3 and 5.4 and the errors were too strict by default. This issue I'm having is probably similar to that. The only reason I came here to ask is I couldn't find search terms to get close to an answer. All I could find were things about short tags. I really do not want to edit this app. It works as is where it is and my task is to convert all these old PHP apps into Rails, not rewrite the PHP.
It's not good fat though. It's highly processed, high linoleic acid fat and white flour. Junk food.
I'd go to the Shire. First for breakfast, then 2nd breakfast and then Elevensies. Of course I'd go to the pub at some point. And I would walk on that soft green grass in my bare feet. Hopefully I'd meet some Elves and have no nasty, uncomfotable adventures.
We had a budgie who loved those things. We get these kinds where they actually built a little nest inside. The ends were covered in wax or something so that they couldn't just chew it up completely. We had to stop giving it to her after a while because she got over stimulated with egg laying. She never laid inside the yucca thing though. She'd just drop them all over the cage bottom.
Right now I'm working at a university. Compared to a job in software, it's a snoozefest in the stress department. The only stress is how heavy my squats are going to be when I go to the gym.
They're super cute!
Bro-compsci 101. def squat puts stronger end
I hiked the Pacific Crest Trail a few years back. By the end of the trail, it's too much trouble to replace your shoes anymore. I saw people in north Washington wearing shoes barely held together with dental floss and duct tape and they were still walking 30 miles a day no problem. They were uniformly wearing running shoes or trail running shoes. I personally wore street running shoes and I usually replaced my shoes when my toes were sticking out the side and getting caught on stuff.
You need to create a view of the latest posts. Then in panelizer, put the view in whatever column you want to display it. When you create the panelizer settings, you want to put the block in the default settings for the blog post type. That way all blog posts will show it by default. This is what makes panelizer so awesome.
Not old enough to eat on its own yet, that's for sure.
I didn't get a lot of help on those sites either when I asked my own questions. I've gotten more help from searching, and most of the time the answer comes from drupal.org. A couple of times when my questions were more along the lines of not being able to figure out how to use a module or something, I've had to force myself to watch and do a tutorial video and it's always been helpful despite my absolute loathing of the video format.
And that's just with simple examples like consumer products. Try picking a health insurance plan in an unregulated market. How on earth would you compare all the plans and all the companies? How would you know who were total frauds? You can't even do it very well right now.
Sometimes when I am desperate I hack at core or modules to print stuff out. Then I put it back the way it was after I've figured out the problem.
Those are real nice. I like your style.
Cool! Thank you for sending that. I'm near Ojai. It would be cool to see the birds if that's allowed.
Oh my god, I work at a university in the Engineering department and I have yet to see a single student working in the cafe who can count change. If they put the wrong numbers in the cash register, or I try to give them a few pennies to round off the change I'm going to get, they get completely confused.
I mean this with the most respect. The problem isn't your tv and your internet and your car. It's you. All you have to do is pick up one sewing project right this minute and start working on it. Go right now and sit at your piano and play something. Put on a coat and hat and whatever else it takes to be warm and go for a walk outside. Do it right this second. Do not give yourself any more excuses. Just do it.
I do this, but with food. Every week I go to the store and buy the same things. I eat the same things for breakfast and lunch (I bring my lunch) and I have a handful of recipes I make for dinner. I eat pretty much all natural, home-cooked, simple foods, but not processed foods or cheap foods. My specialties include poke bowls and steak.
It's not bad. For a cockatoo, ours is pretty quiet. And the conure's pretty quiet, too.
If you can cook (i.e. boil water) it improves your choices. You can make a stove out of a can and use denatured alcohol (from the paint department at the hardware store) or gas line anti-freeze (HEET in the yellow container, not red) for fuel. There are instructions [here](http://zenstoves.net/). I made one of [these](http://zenstoves.net/LowPressure.htm) with a hole punch, exacto knife and an aluminum can. With a simple stove like this you can then boil water or heat things up which really improves your choices.
Guys at my gym all wear t-shirts or tank tops, basketball shorts or sweatpants. As a 5'3" lady, if a 6'4' guy walked in I wouldn't even notice you were any taller than the other guys. They're all tall.
Obviously with a stove like that you have to do it on the ground or concrete. You'll start a fire otherwise.
You need a scraper. There are a few opensource ones out there.
Money is our true religion, our one true god, our only value. We pretend we have other more lofty values, but really it's only money.
I was an adult at that time. I had an A.S Degree. I got a few jobs with my degree working in laboratories. They paid about $9 an hour, but I did not like them. I went back to the university to get my BA in 1991. It was hard to be an older student. Most of the younger ones did not understand how hard life sucks without a degree and they didn't care about their classes. I had to pay my fees with my part time job and I wanted to get my money's worth so I did all the reading and participation in class which meant I had no friends. Partying bored me anyway so I didn't care that much. When I graduated there weren't any jobs and the economy was in the toilet. I felt cheated that a degree didn't guarantee a job, didn't even seem to impress anybody. I wasn't really qualified to do anything. I took a job at $7.50 and hour part-time on-call, no regular schedule. I worked at that job for at least a year before they offered me a full-time job at $8.50 an hour. I worked my way up slowly. Then the internet seemed to bloom in the late 90s and things got better.
Hey that's cool. I love stuff made from old jeans.
This is usually caused by there being a max file upload limit in PHP. If you are not able to modify your PHP settings, you can restore your site with a mysqldump of the site and then use that to restore the database (using mysql, not the drupal UI). You will have to truncate all tables with the word cache in it after you do this.
I think many of us don't stop to ask what our true priorities are in life. And among those who do ask, fewer still actually follow their inner priorities. The doing it all or having it all approach is really a compromise. Nothing wrong with that. It's as big a relief to go on compromising with the acceptance that this is what you choose as it is to take an alternative path.
Even cement dust is flammable.
If you know that something is a key aspect of personality and that without it you will not feel whole, that would be your priority. Also, if there's something you say to yourself every now and then that starts with "some day..." or "if only...", that may also be something you should prioritize, if only to start saving your money or whatever it takes to get there. We all probably have little (or big) mental illnesses that we try to solve or stuff down with whatever little vices. We're only human.
Dan's a friend of mine. He lives there part of the time and part of the time he lives the surf bum lifestyle in his van. He's quite a free-spirit.
Millennials aren't the only citizens who are concerned about Washington politics being corrupted.
A lot of them are still out there. They live in California.
Even if we can't, with 34 people on the ballot for Senator, at least he'll get the vote out for that!
My conure has some of the same blocks and man does she HATE them. She beats them up every day. They make her so MAD!
You made that look so easy.
Blueberries don't grow in clumps on trees like that.
Those kids are going to keep your social security and stock market money rolling in when you're older. So shhh, don't give anybody any ideas about not having kids.
I'm a lady and was getting a tattoo when some guy on the street starts causing a fuss so my tattoo artist runs out there and punches him out. The artist came back inside, put a new pair of gloves on and continued tattooing me.
You aren't issued a Social Security number at birth. You have to go and get one. Our nation has a history of denying certain demographics access to the ballot and requiring identification has been one way of doing so. So for this reason, many states do not require identification, and some states were actually prohibited from passing laws to require identification. The result is that it's not so easy to just use your SSN.
Definitely elderberries then. I've heard you can batter and deep fry the flower clusters and eat those.
Usually state ID cards are equivalent to driver's licenses, but it's still an impediment to voting that hurts certain demographics disproportionately. It is not easy for everyone to get an ID card.
He should read Practical Programming or wait for their new book to come out. Dr. Sully and Rip have been working on a book for older lifters. In any case, something like starting strength works fine if you give yourself more recovery time than the basic program. Practical Programming mentions a few other minor adjustments as well. There's a fair amount of support for "the elderly" over on their forum.
I almost inherited a cabin on an island in a lake in Minnesota. Oh how I dreamed about living there all my life! The cabin was built in the 40s. There was no electricity. You used kerosene lamps. The kitchen had a hand pump that pumped water directly from the lake. There was no other plumbing. There was an outhouse and a winter cabin and a tool shed. There was a gas refrigerator. Best of all there was a Finnish wood-burning sauna for all your bathing needs. There was also a small motorboat to go to and from the island. I would run through it in my head all the time: How would I handle the seasons between winter and summer, when you couldn't drive or boat across the lake? Could I catch enough fish to eat? Could I learn to hunt like my grandfather when he lived there? How would I handle winters being a Southern California girl? It got sold before I could ever find out. But oh the dreams I had....
In the Boundary Waters.
If he does it again and it seems like it won't be a bad move, you might try sneaking in a little scritch and see if that doesn't win him over for real.
Along with the life-long complications of being on the sex offender list, he has also been convicted of 3 felonies so will not be allowed to vote for the rest of his life and will always have to check that box on any job application. He has been given a life sentence. Maybe this will make his punishment seem more fitting. Maybe he will accept his responsibility one day.
Yes. If I manage my stress and recovery cycle well, I see continual improvement in my lifting AND I don't feel like shit AND I can have fun doing outdoor adventures on the weekend.
What do you like and what are you good at? I spent a few years in the workforce before I got my degree. It did not matter what jobs I was interested in or thought I could do, I could not get any of them without the degree and felt trapped in minimum wage jobs. So I went to college with the belief that the degree would open the doors no matter what the major was. People will tell you this is wrong, but I have found it to be true for myself and true for others, at least in the two fields I have worked in (mental health and IT.) Some of the smartest programmers I've ever worked with were English majors. Some of the worst mental health workers were psychology majors. I have a degree that gets scoffed at more than most and I've done well. I've never stopped learning. I work in IT which has nothing to do with my major. Working in IT was helped with some community college classes a few years after I got my degree, but I really enjoyed taking these courses. They were fun, they were cheap and I found the subject matter relevant and interesting. Definitely not a hardship. And also, I could pick and choose based on interest and career advancement needs, not on requirements, since I already had a degree.
I bet you will win him over! In my experience, birds will bite now and then. They bite each other so I don't put too much importance on it.
I didn't think he got the justice he deserved, but he did get more than it seems. When a person says "he only got a year" the truth is he got more than a year. They all do. I'm actually a person who thinks denying convicted criminals the right to vote is wrong, that the sex offender laws are unjust and that the lingering punishment of a crime long after the time has been served is a travesty. But in this man's case, I'm somewhat comforted that *at least* he will be on the receiving end of such travesties.
Maybe look outside your field. I did that. I also looked outside the fields that interested me and discovered some things I didn't even consider were a lot more interesting than I thought.
&gt; Seems to whom? Not to anybody in particular. When someone says a criminal "only got 1 year" for his crime, he actually gets more than 1 year's punishment. He gets more than it seems. It's not commonly understood by the general public that there are punishments that go on well before the jail term is up. I'm not saying that you personally don't know this, just that a lot of people do not. I'm not trying to excuse this man. He should have gotten a lot more.
By career advancements, I mean I added new skills. For example, I took a class in SQL so that I would understand how to query a database. I really enjoyed that class a lot and it helped me move ahead. I do not have a degree in computer science. Mine is in the social sciences. But I self-taught myself many web development things and filled in with formal courses as needed. SQL was only one of the classes. I never took one of these certificate programs and I never waited until I knew everything to start looking. In fact, I started looking way before I knew much of anything. My first "web development" job was actually as an administrative assistant. I took the job because I'd have a chance to update the website. I sucked so hard at administrative assistance I almost got myself fired, but I was good at the web updating stuff and could use that experience to move ever so slightly closer to what I really wanted to do. It took a very long time and I started so far at the bottom it probably took longer than had I gone back to school full time, but I did finally get somewhere decent and I got paid the whole time I was working toward my goals.
That's the cutest little pie ever.
And not all degrees (not even most) are job training. And not all jobs require a degree in a related field. Get a degree and while there, maximize all the internships, networking and other resources available you possibly can.
Looks like something got on him. I've seen bruised beaks and bloodied feathers. A bruise won't show on the feathers. Dirt (newspaper ink, possibly that black stuff that gets on onions, a dirty hand, rust from the bars or whatever) will make them dirty.
Are you kidding? You can drive to the Sespe Wilderness near Ojai/Filmore, the San Rafael/Dick Smith Wilderness near Santa Barbara or to San Gabriels/San Jacinto mountains in just a couple of hours. So much peak bagging you can do. We've done Baldy as a day trip from Santa Barbara. You could do Cactus-to-clouds, San Jacinto, Baden Powel, San Bernardino Peak, all as day hikes or weekend trips.
You gotta learn to fish for rocks and dirt in California.
http://www.pdf-archive.com/2012/06/29/possum-living/ This is the other one. http://www.masterjules.net/confessi.html I don't live exactly like either of these. I am probably closer to the confessions one than the possum living one, but without some of the wackier elements. Basically I lean toward the jungly home, the braking for sofas, the fallen fruit and making stuff.
But he's such a tiny little thing and probably didn't cost much money.
$1 per week times all the articles you might want to read from all the magazines out there really adds up. Perhaps I should just go back to the old model of subscribing to the one or two periodicals that truly interest me and read those instead of links passed around the internet.
I have rarely found anything linked to from reddit that was so great I'd be willing to subscribe for money. And if I did, I think I would prefer to subscribe to the actual hard-copy.
What if you're just some middle-class lady who goes out to the park on a nice sunny day and plays by herself under a tree with no instrument case or bowl in front of her?
Oh my god that is so cute!
This gal's a certified hobbit. But I'm not a monkey like the lady in this picture.
They put those eyes on Buddhist stupas and they put that writing on mani stones in Nepal.
I have never had this actually work.
Isn't it a funny coincidence this was the news the day before the California primary? Also, there are 34 people running for Senator. We still need people to vote.
Hate to break it to you but your dog's reddish. A strawberry blond. Definitely not "not red".
Yeah. We don't have Target or Walmart in Santa Barbara (not that I want them here) and the first time I went to a Walmart last February I was surprised that the clothes were cheaper than the thrift store. Same brands, too.
If you care about waste, then the couple dollars you might save by new are evened out by not creating more waste.
Perhaps they are more worried about keeping us home from the polls so we don't bother to vote for one of the 34 people running for Senator.
Why are some of you so dense. There may be other reasons they want to suppress the youth vote. Such as the 34 people running to replace Boxer.
I've been gone as long as 3 months. The times I was gone for 3 months she stayed at home with my boyfriend and when I came home she was happy to see me. But the times I've gone for less time than that and left her at the boarding place, is she becomes very mad at me and I will not be able to remove her from the cage at the boarding place myself. I will take her home in a travel cage and when I get home I open the travel cage next to her cage and leave the room. I let her get out on her own. I wait a little while until she greets me happily like normal and then I know it's safe and she won't bite me. She bites me very hard, sometimes in the face, if I rush the process.
You're just not fast enough. If he could fly he'd be there yesterday and without all that bouncing around, dammit.
His message is, has always been and will continue to be that real change happens from the bottom up, not the top down. That the struggle continues and we're all in this together. Which right there indicates that it does not matter if he becomes the president. What matters is the movement continues. He is doing this quite literally in the face of certain failure and we all will continue to fight for fairness in the face of certain failure, too. How else will change ever happen? We wait for the wealthy 1% to give it to us? No, we keep pushing.
Not sure this has anything to do with youth of the tree. I have several very old avocado trees and sometimes this happens. I usually toss 'em because I have so many avocados I can be picky. Now and then I'm desperate and will eat them like this. As long as they don't taste rancid it's not a big deal, just sort of ugly.
I have a degree in Women's Studies. I don't know what makes me stand out from other candidates. Maybe it's what I've been able to demonstrate in my former jobs, my experience and all that. I don't have any github projects, I don't keep a portfolio. I have tended to work more in the marketing department than the programming department, but not always. What if your code is bad? Ha ha. Ever heard how the day you start lifting weights is the day you are forever small? Well, the day you start writing code is the day your code is forever bad.
You might actually enjoy some of the core requirements classes. I know I really enjoyed data structures.
Lobbyists.
I have no solutions for you except to say that your fears are pretty normal. We strive for self-actualization, not to struggle for our basic needs for eternity. I sometimes think they answer to this would be to find self-actualization in the struggle (in other words, if you have nothing you have nothing to lose, so could a person find peace and happiness in such a state?) But honestly, when life doesn't feel secure, it's human to turn to thoughts of envy or fear or even to just dropping out entirely.
I'm one of these long-time democrats who came out in support for something different. And I'm hoping he can bring his numbers to the convention and sway the democratic party to adopt Bernie's populism. We should have as our platform to work toward the things Bernie's campaign offered, not to work toward the watered-down stuff that they've been doing for too many long decades now. We've had no other means of making such a strong statement until now.
That's awesome. My feelings exactly. The convention should not be a coronation of the status quo. It should shake up the party and Hillary.
You did not read the article.
He represents a significant amount of Democrats who do have legitimate grievances for where they party has gone and legitimate desires for where they'd like it to go. He should go and speak for us.
We do sometimes give avocados away but the sheer volume from our numerous trees means there's just a lot of waste.
Oddly I have to pay $2 each for Mexican avocados when they grow them here commercially.
You know how they say dogs and their people sometimes end up looking like each other? I can't quite place why, but it appears to be the same thing going on here. That's a great picture. Love the "free bird" tattoo, too.
8 hour workdays. Automation, productivity tools and labor-saving machines were supposed to release us from the drudgery of work. Instead, some of us have too much work and others have too little but almost nobody has been freed from needing at least 8 hours a day of it just to barely scrape by.
Inequity sure, but we have not saved a minute of actual going to work time. If anything we've increased it and increased it with bullshit jobs.
This is one of those examples of how the market can't really solve this problem on its own. Unless there is some pressure from governments either in the form of incentives or taxes, we citizens can't just vote with our wallets because we don't have enough choices.
There are things the market cannot do. Giving us a better alternative to fossil fuels is one of those things because of the tight coupling of our society with fossil fuels. This is not something we can shop our way out of.
I earn more than most. I have no desire to spend like a maniac.
He can sell those substances because they are useful in various other industries.
If I had a choice of making my same salary and have a 3 day weekend every week or to continue working 5 days a week but have an extra day's worth of salary every week, I'd pick the 3 day weekend.
I didn't downvote anything. Your ranting is ill-received.
I swear I never downvoted you. I never downvote anybody. I was actually enjoying the discussion, but I still disagree that we can shop our way out of this. Even all this carbon swapping, which is only a half-measure anyway, requires governmental involvement.
What you lack in hands you more than make up for in Incredible Hulkiness, or Hunkiness. One or the other, maybe both.
There's a downloadable booklet out there called Humanure. If you search you will be able to find a free download. I think you could probably do something similar with your cat litter. I've also heard of a method to compost food waste, including meat scraps. This might also work.
How is it failing that it takes a long time to count so many millions of ballots? They count them all here. That's a good thing.
I'm not wondering. I'm pretty certain.
When I was in elementary school, milk was 7c and ice cream was 10c. My mother gave me 7c a day to get milk. I saved it in my desk and every other day I got ice cream. And then there were those special days when I got two ice creams.
Bring a cooler and buy stuff to make cold meals like sandwiches or yogurt and granola, coffee milkshakes. Get an atlas--real paper--and use that to look for USFS and BLM land nearby to your route. Bring your sleeping bags and tent. USFS campsites are either free or about $20 and BLM campsites are either free or $5 and you can camp for free in either doing what is called "dispersal camping" which is where you sort of stealth camp/leave no trace/have no fire in the woods (or desert) somewhere far away from where someone will see you. Just don't leave poopy tp everywhere and people won't hate you. Learn your leave no trace ethics.
Like 1973 or so.
She's a she. She likes to sit in the box and spy on me from inside.
She loves you. You are paying attention to her. She's the center of the universe, the Princess. She loves everybody who understands this.
Without the context of r/parrots that sentence would be the strangest thing anybody ever said.
I have enough small-time interests that probably are hopeless from a monetization standpoint that I don't really see much of the native advertising mentioned. I see a little of it in the general subreddits but my subscriptions minimize how much of it I see. I do feel a sense of lament for how things tend to get corrupted over time, however.
It *is* a little bit creepy. Totally motionless and by the time you realize it, you're not sure how long she's been doing it. It's like she's creeping on me.
Oh wait, I think I found how to do it. Thanks anyway.
Who says they don't have the same exact feelings as we do!? It's so obvious what that bird is feeling and thinking.
You think you are old? I stopped playing video games when Frogger came out and have never played another one since then. I don't know how old you are, but at some point you have to figure out what makes YOU happy and go do it. What is really fun is to do something where the more you do it the better you get at it. Consuming entertainment has its place (I like TV myself), but you feel more alive when you are stretching some aspect of yourself.
Mark Rippetoe would not have said that and I do not see that in the comments on that video. Alan Thrall and Rippetoe agree that the head should be neutral and therefore looking down about 6 feet in front of you.
Or Zika. All these tiny-headed comments.
Right! And now that people around the country know what a real progressive is, that can only help other real progressives running for office.
Rippetoe has been doing this a lot lately even on his own forum. Some guy will come ask a question and he'll give an answer straight from the globo-gym handbook of shitty form instruction.
He's never quite actually told us for whom it would be great again though.
Isn't that what I just said?
Yeah, he's almost always a dick, but lately he's being telling people with a straight face the equivalent of they should try lifting on bosu balls and stuff like that. It's like he's given up yelling at them for not reading the book and DTFP and instead is feeding them bullshit for shits and giggles.
Nothing he put out was unreasonable. In fact, the policies he wanted to enact used to be commonplace and ARE commonplace in other parts of the world. Most people do not realize how far we've fallen. Ask for more than you think you can get. That's where you should start any bargaining.
Or maybe he just doesn't give a shit anymore.
Have you printed out to the screen what theme_get_setting('navbar_layout') is and compared it to what the form submits? I found this page where someone was having trouble with default checking radios. https://www.drupal.org/node/261527 The value of #default_value has to match the array index of the options. Perhaps you have to convert whatever the theme setting is to the correct array index.
"Me thinks thou dost protest too much?"
He says he's yelling at himself several times and talks about how hard it was to cut back and all the rules he tried to make for himself and how it was worse than other things he's tried to improve in his life. And also that he suggests it's a good idea to force yourself to make periodic changes in your life to see how/if it improves things.
The washing the dishes to wash the dishes thing?
Ooof! Those feets!
At our gym we have about 10 squat racks and they're always full anyway. We are not allowed to deadlift outside the racks. You're not allowed to do any barbell stuff outside the racks. You can only use the platforms if you are certified and have permission to use them. I've never bothered with the certification.
They even have a rule that you have to face toward the rack. You can't lift facing out. So if you are deadlifting and it's not one of the racks where you can actually do this inside the rack, and if the floor is uneven and makes your bar roll out into where people want to walk by you, you still have to stand facing toward the rack with your butt now being in everybody's way. It's ridiculous.
Previous to getting the platforms they forbid any barbell lift above the neck unless you were inside the squat rack. This is of course, seriously dangerous for Olympic lifts. They did a big gym remodel and replaced all the random machines with squat racks and put in some platforms. To be able to use them, they require you to take an Oly lifting course or something, I'm not sure. You can get a deadlift-only permit, too, but I've never bothered and I don't know if that requires anything more than giving them your membership card while you use it.
Thank you. You are a godsend!
Awww. Green floof tribble.
Can't hardly understand a word of that. Is that English?
Yeah, and whoever thought Mitch McConnell would sound like the voice of reason.
&gt; just like all the establishment Dems who endorsed Hillary over their own constituents, the establishment R's have now revealed themselves. This is not like that at all. There isn't even an equivalence. Bernie is a progressive and Hillary isn't, but both are basically Democrats and politicians. Trump is so over the top and so far away from political decency and so not a Republican that it not only makes a real Republican look bad to endorse him, it makes the Republican party look bad. The Republicans have to decide whether it's better to lose this one time now or lose for the next 40 years.
Open-source is seriously how it *should* be done. Do you have any idea how much money is saved for businesses and organizations all over the world by using open-source software? The knowledge to get a degree is already available out there. If people are willing to assemble it into open-source textbooks and provide them for free, great! And students should be free to use them. What should matter is the education, not whether you were held hostage by various companies to extract your student loan money and future earnings.
My boyfriend experienced the loss of everything he owned in a fire. He does not aspire to a life of minimal things. It's odd because he said one lesson he learned from the fire was that your things are all just garbage. But he says that losing everything haunts him so he acquires and hoards instead.
The article said this would apply to people who make enough money to itemize certain deductions. You would not be one of those people.
The thumbnail looks like he's wearing that hat.
What I did for a while was kept a notebook where I recorded every single thing I spent pocket money on. I was surprised where my money went. I also played a game with myself. I gave myself $5 of pocket money per day. I could spend it on food or gasoline for my scooter or whatever random stuff. I didn't count bills I sent in the mail, just stuff I bought for day-to-day living. If I didn't spend all $5 it rolled over to the next day. (This was in the 1990s so maybe you'd have to increase it to $10 to make it seem the same.) Making this a game made it easier to spend less money and it got to be a habit not to buy things.
Well, if you carry it around with you, you are more likely to record everything. If you go by memory later it's about as accurate as a food diary, and we all know how inaccurate those are.
There's a module called Protected Pages (protected_pages) that will present a login screen based on the path. You provide a password in the module's configuration. Works similar to protected node but will protect a view or other type of page. Views also offers access rules under Page Settings.
Glad you figured it out. Always use the drupal path for these drupal things, not anything you copy and paste from browsers.
I shop vac my conure's perches each week. Lots of dust from crumbling up her pellets. I'm pretty sure that a parrot's main reason for being on this planet is to make mulch.
There's probably a moment when you update when the index.php file comes back before everything else is ready. If index.html isn't the server's first choice for directory indexes, that could be why it didn't work to use it. Sometimes index.htm is first in the list, so you might be able to get that to work if you're not able to change the server's settings.
There are a lot of tutorials out there on building a 5-star rating system or an up/down voting system. It would be a fairly simple thing to modify either of these to do what you want.
He's keeping the bird happy. They love that kind of attention. Ours is currently screaming away because her daddy has spent more than a week fixing the door and not paying attention to her.
Their pollution is our pollution. We shipped our factories over there. And now not only do "our" factories pollute over there in a nation with lax environmental laws, we now ship all that stuff back across the ocean on ships that also pollute.
Global warming seems to imply to people who do not think like a scientist that everywhere will be warmer, when that is not what it means. What people will notice is that their local climates will be *different*, not necessarily warmer. The change in your local climate will be due to the overall temperature of the globe being warmer, but your local change may sometimes not seem to you to be warmer.
For a minute there I thought maybe I put a typo in. Oddly I live in a place where there are hardly any seasons and yet I can see the difference. A newcomer would not notice anything at all.
Also, here is a real world example. Antarctica has historically been like a frozen desert. It does not snow there much. As the globe warms, there is more precipitation in Antarctica and thus more snow. This seems counter-intuitive that global warming might increase how much snow falls in Antarctica, but it's exactly what is happening now. People who promote agendas will point to that and tell you it's an example of how the climate is cooling, but that is false.
How about growing crops like corn, wheat and soy? Chemical fertilizer is made using fossil fuel--the actual ingredients, not just the energy to make it.
Why is my local observation any less relevant than the local observation of Glacier National park? You can read all about it if you need more details. Look up climate change and Southern California.
The day I met my co-worker I had the feeling she was going to make it her mission to destroy me. Two years later she nearly did but I switched to another department where I could be a little bit out of her reach. Not entirely but enough so that she wouldn't be focused on me. I kept my mouth much shut about everything until one day my boss wanted to understand better my role with the other group that I left. I resisted the urge to tell the whole story but decided to write it down with every single detail just to get it out of my system. I planned to write it all out and then throw it away but after I read it back to myself, I decided I would send it. There was a lot of damning evidence about her in there and so much evidence that I not only overcame a difficult situation but that I had found a way to make myself very valuable in the process. I didn't look like the whiny baby I thought I might. My letter was discussed by the top people in my group and the consensus was that they, too, had had enough dealings with this lady that they knew it had to all be true and they decided to make it their mission to protect me from her. It really validated for me that it wasn't all in my head. They all hated her from their own interactions with her. Nobody can understand how she's got her own boss wrapped around her pinky finger, either. He's totally blind to it. Another two years have gone by and I'll probably be switching to another department where I'll finally be outside her influence entirely, plus rewarded for being good at my job with a raise and promotion, unlike this sociopath lady who talks a good game but is actually quite terrible at what she supposedly does.
The way I see tutorials is they are a good way to get started. I can never finish one. As soon as I get part way through, I start thinking, "I wonder if I can make it do this, I wonder if I can make it do that." Then I go off on tangents and end up building my own little learning project out of it.
Close. Santa Barbara. I've lived here my whole life.
I think the would be more damned if they didn't (dump trump.) If they nominate him, it would look very poorly on the entire party and they could lose a lot of elections for a long time. If they dumped him now, they'd suffer in the near term, but it would be over pretty quickly and they would hold on to and even gain some credibility. They really don't require the racist nut-job wing to win elections.
Had McCain not chosen Sarah Palin, perhaps he would have won. They had been on a winning streak before Obama. The racist nutjob wing couldn't prevent the nation from electing the first black president. I doubt they can overcome the intense disdain most of the country has for Trump.
I suppose this is rudimentary. I am a 51 year old woman. I find the quest to squat over 200lbs again keeps me showing up. Unfortunately, I can't seem to do that without putting on weight. I feel very conflicted. Should I give up lifting heavy and try to be thin? How much would I hate myself if I had to struggle to squat 100lbs again? How do thin women that I see on youtube get so strong without getting chunky? I'm 5'3" and when I'm feeling like I look pretty decent I'm under 140 and when I'm feeling chunky I'm around 155.
If the parrot is already tame, just place your finger against her breast and say "Step Up!" When she steps on your finger, put her back in the cage. If she reaches for your finger, do not pull away. They usually grab gently to test your "perch", see if it's sturdy. If she bites, push gently into her so she'll let go. If the parrot isn't tame, coaxing with treats may work. Just put some irresistible treat inside the cage, step back and wait for her to go in. Towels and mitts will probably cause distress. If you have a spare room it may be worthwhile to consider turning it into a bird room. Then you never have to put her in a cage.
I have a similar but not the same annoyance and it's that because so many people browse exclusively on their phones, more sites are making their sites painful to use on a computer. Gigantic type you cannot read unless you stand back 10 feet, for example.
At the moment I usually don't lose any weight unless I take a vacation, like a couple of weeks of an active adventurous vacation away from the lifting. I don't normally diet or otherwise try to lose weight. I get as much protein as I can but can never quite reach 200g. When I come back from vacation, I'm usually weaker and I can make regular 2.5lbs-5lbs per week progress (less than that for upper body) for a couple months and then I'll start feeling like I've been run over by a truck so I'll switch to something a little more zig-zaggy as far as progress goes. I find also that when I'm feeling run over by a truck, I start to get more lazy, sleep like the dead and overeat. Just about when I get back to about 200lbs on my squat again, it's usually time for another vacation. Then I come back all thin and sassy and wonder what am I doing? Should I keep doing this? Damn it I felt like fucking superwoman squatting 200lbs, I really want to do that again. And the cycle continues.
I must learn how to make this delicious fish!
This has to be a fake or re-post because I can tell you it did not rain today. It's raining fire if it's raining at all.
Men do not understand that catcalling is actually an intrusion and a threat, not a compliment. It's a demand for a response from you. If you do not provide the response, it can become a threat to your body or to your life. If you DO respond it can become a threat to your body or life. It doesn't always end up that way, and may not even start that way, but it happens often enough by enough predatory men over our lives starting somewhere at the end of our childhoods that we know what it is.
Oh yeah totally this. Some bald guys are really super sexy.
Oddly I saw this last night on our local PBS station.
You would need some heating and having passive solar heating like this would mean energy savings. Even though we don't heat our houses as much in California we still do get big bills for energy.
I have a friend who is a cantankerous old man who is a lady-chaser and who has never had to work for someone else. He has perfected the art of doing nothing. One time I joined him on a camping trip. He set up his beach chair next to a small creek and sat there. That's it. Just sat there. All. Day. He didn't read. He didn't get drunk. He didn't listen to music. He just sat there and talked a little bit to me. One thing he said was that most people don't know how to do nothing. They've always got to be doing something. I discovered I was someone who didn't know how to do nothing that weekend. Just sitting there by the creek all day was very hard to do. I kind of admire his ability to do that. He is a happy man, he's 70-something, chases women 30 years younger (and catches them), is physically active, he surfs, hikes and he looks good. He's got an ability that very few of us have.
People who who have nice things and actually decorate?
If I didn't have someone else paying for it, I would probably get an antenna and watch crap tv whenever I just wanted to zone out in front of the tv and maybe spend time in internet cafes if I really wanted to see some youtube videos and mindlessly surf the internet.
Our household certainly qualifies, but we make less than we did before 2008 and we live in a million dollar fixer-upper with termites because that's what this teardown supposedly is worth here in SoCal.
My conure likes pork and beef. When would she ever eat that in real life?
Your galah is a real cutie. I love it when they get all mad at things and throw them.
If I wasn't living in a two-income household with no children and an illegal rental unit downstairs I probably would be living in a studio apartment. I drive a motor scooter. I'm a woman in IT.
The last paragraph of the article summed it up pretty well. It doesn't matter if google behaves good or bad, or whether it's the best or only alternative out there. That it has the capability and power to be extraordinarily bad means it should be regulated.
Think of it this way. It's the tonnage and time under tension that matters. Lots of reps is a lot of overall tonnage and time under tension. But if you get super fucking strong, think of the tonnage you can do with 8-12 reps. How much bigger would you be if you can rep out 12 500lb deadlifts vs 12 185lb deadlifts?
I disagree that software engineers are not the technicians of today's factories. We are the interchangeable cogs on today's factory floors. We are paid well and treated well, but don't lie to yourself and believe you are not considered an overpriced cog. You are on the expense side of the company balance sheet.
I'm not obese either, but we are all fighting to try to adjust in a myriad of ways to an environment we don't belong in.
I work at a desk and I go to the gym M, T, Th, F and take a walk on W. On either Sat or Sun I take a strenuous hike roughly 6-12 miles. It's really not enough but lifting wears me out so much that it affects the hiking, but if I hike more, it affects the lifting, so I'm really doing as much as I possibly can. I eat only single-ingredient foods I cook myself. And still it is a struggle to always be a little bit heavier and a little bit hungrier than I'd like to be. If I take a real vacation and just eat as much as I want and do all the activities I want, I lose a little weight and it's like a cloud lifts from me. That's how it felt on a 3 week vacation in Hawaii snorkeling and hiking every day. That's how it felt on a 10 day 200 mile backpacking trip. My god that was an awesome peak physical experience hiking 20 miles every day! I look forward to retirement in about 10 years so that I can live something of a more healthy lifestyle. Not one of complete immobility punctuated by grueling gym workouts like now, but one that involves a generally active and healthy lifestyle. It's frustrating in the interim.
It certainly feels like accumulated fatigue. The rest of my programming is similar. Like I said I do each lift 1x per week. The progress I make on squats and deadlifts is a lot less all over the place than OHP and bench. It's weird but presses and bench presses beat me up far more than deadlifts and squats.
Did you try flushing the caches? It sounds like something is stuck. It should work to uncheck the box. You should try putting the url you do want in the field, too, and see what happens.
It's sorta like "because".
In case anyone doesn't realize it, this was in the middle of when AIDS was a big issue.
I did it a month ago. Oh my god the prep is awful. I'm only 5'3" tall and I have to drink as much of that raspberry poison as some dude who weighs 300lbs? I just couldn't finish that second dose. They had to help me walk to the procedure room I was so dizzy. My heart rate was 47 and my blood pressure was practically non-existent.
They're really smart. I'm sure he'll learn and adapt. Just keep loving him and offering things. My conure never played with toys (for over a decade) until I started hanging things in her way, things that would bonk her in the head when she moved about. Now she fights with her "bonkers" every day.
It is an issue, but 1985 was when it was a new issue and people were treating gay people like terrorists.
He's pretty detailed about that but still so weak on the details about his actual plans.
People said that ALL THE TIME in 1985. Bernie was on the right side back when when everyone else was so very wrong.
What? Why is everyone misunderstanding me so badly? Bernie showed integrity and was on the right side of history during a time when the rampant fear and ignorance around gay people and AIDS was in full-force. It's not just that it was a long time ago that he did this, it was also that Bernie did what he did during THAT period of time.
I'm not sure why everybody misunderstands what I am saying. 1985 was the height of hysteria in this country over AIDS and he supported the gay community. That's a good thing.
Thank you. I read all the posts and everybody was like "wow, that was so long ago" but it didn't look like anyone understood what 1985 really meant. 1985 was the height of hysteria in this country over AIDS.
I hope Bernie is a wake-up call not only to the Democrats but to progressives who might not otherwise have considered running for something.
I heard of him a long time ago. I seem to remember that he used to be a Democrat and at some point he changed to Independent and that was in the news because it was sort of a big deal when he did it. And for a little while I seem to remember there was some interest in things he did after that, probably out of curiosity of what someone who so publicly changes from Democrat to Independent actually wants to accomplish. My memory is hazy on it, though.
I think a lot of today's redditors don't even know what Stonewall was. Or that there was a time you could be thrown in jail if you were a woman and didn't have at least two articles of women's clothing on.
I'm liberal and a Sanders supporter and I've never supported it. What I support is abolishing marriage entirely and replacing it with a legal contractual relationship that has absolutely nothing to do with gender, love or reproduction.
God what an ugly bubble-butt looking car that was!
Even Zika and Ebola don't inspire the same level of pure hatred and bigotry that AIDS did back then.
Lizard's Mouth doesn't really qualify as a hike so I'd have to say Inspiration Point.
It's not really the number of years that makes the difference here. This was before most politicians would have taken a position in favor of gay rights and during a time when everybody was scared to death AIDS was going to kill us all and gays were to blame for it. Bill Clinton was pretty tepid as far as gay rights a few years later when it was politically safer. Both the Clintons as well as most politicians showed very little bold leadership in this area.
I AM sbhikes after all.
I don't understand your terminology. When you create a node there is a field to enter the title (usually, sometimes it is turned off.) This is the title field. This field will usually display above the content as the main heading. The title on the browser (what is between the &lt;title&gt;&lt;/title&gt; tags) often is based on what is entered in that field. Sometimes there is a module in place that allows you to customize the title that appears between the &lt;title&gt;&lt;/title&gt; tags, and if so, it may appear somewhere on the node edit form. The different content types have names and changing the name of a content-type would do nothing to change the title of an individual node. I don't know if that is what you meant by content name. There are many other modules that can customize the title that appears between the &lt;title&gt;&lt;/title&gt; tags, and so it might be overridden by a module.
That's some beautiful desert you're living in.
It's either compost or garbage around here. Birds are wasteful. That's part of the expense. You could possibly make birdie cornbread with the leftovers but there will always be waste with birds.
It's your body.
Is this what it's come to? The sleazy politics of buying politicians $800 dinners and taking them to Palm Springs only to laugh in your face because someone else bought you $1000 dinners and a trip to Paris, having to rip off desperate people with usury to avoid being one of them too?
Transportation, such as rail, the interstate highway system.
I don't look on my first tattoo at all anymore. I put a bigger better tattoo on top of it. And of the same subject matter, no less. Nothing against my first tattoo, really. It was too small and the sun and time had worn it out, but otherwise I never gave it a thought. I covered over it because I wanted a new tattoo but I didn't want to tattoo a new location of my body. I did the same thing with my second tattoo, too. My personal opinion is that it's better if your tattoo isn't super deep and meaningful. Just get something you like. My second favorite tattoo is a walk-in butterfly I got spur of the moment. My first favorite tattoo is a map that I can point to any time I want to tell the story of the time I took a 2660 mile hike.
Holy shit it took me part of yesterday and today to read it but, wow. That guy has courage and that prison is appalling. For-profit prison is appalling.
