Looks like your pizza had a stroke.
Yea that's pretty good. Hold onto it!
Rugrats, solid
You should probably take the words off at the bottom too, makes it cheesy
Yea I get the time zone thing. Maybe change PM to CST?
Marude: Candystorm
Not even a single shot.
That's OK, because the labor was not done on the sabbath. Labor is good. Labor on that sabbath is bad.
I can't find the short article she mentions in the post but I did find this: http://abc7chicago.com/news/victim-claims-attack-in-chicago-park-was-racially-motivated-/765406/ I hope they get justice.
They do it to me every time.
Jet fuel can't melt something eve related
Ooh good to know. I'm pretty powerful though, I have all 5 war Chiefs and the whole top row in the second area, made the end really easy. I'll just brand and betray, the usual orc business.
Yea they actually need to be removed by the parent. Talk to your pediatrician.
/r/nosleep is fiction.
Why did they get to inbound it from the sideline instead of the baseline?
Ach makes sense, thanks.
Aww we all know the school will not change its decision come hell or high water
Sorry I'm not too sure what your question is. Are you asking how to make a deal with the devil? I don't think there is one hard and fast way. My faustian bargain came this way- I was at the music store, and there was this bitchin guitar. It was 700 big ones though, and I didn't have that kind of money! So I left. Outside though, there was this man. His skin was pale white, his face covered by a black hood, but I could see his eyes- baby blue. He offered me the money on exchange for my soul. I was never a fan of Blues, so I took the deal. The sucker though- he gave me the check and just walked away! Never even asked how to collect his. Anyways the check was good and I got the guitar. In retrospect I wish I had asked to be good at it. I can never find the time to practice, and I only know a few chords, so it basically just sits there in my living room. I'm thinking about trading it for a PS4. Anyone want it?
Seriously though! It's opposite on phones and computers too. It kills me.
Yea 2013 was mild, but they won it away. CPD is good at crowd control, they can force dispersals.
Yea the whole shoulder to shoulder to horses thing is a great idea. People will give shit to cops, but not to horses.
They've probably watched the show and seen people complain, or they are specifically told to complain to create 'drama'
No spoilers here.
Can you imagine a burger with all sauces? More like a sodium soup.
I love kincades, on Tuesday and Thursday? Best wings, so cheap.
I think that is what every low end restaurant worker does.
500 trips and 12,000 rides? That comes out to 24 rides a visit. Is that even possible?
It's such bs!
Come on, pride leaves a much bigger mess. And there are not usually 50 arrests in the area on a Sunday night.
Good offer, too bad I'm 300 miles away and also drinking at home.
To be fair, the ref kept signalling the hold, even Rivers signalled it in a convo with the ref.
Same
RIP Chargers
Of you win, it WILL be peyton
Dude you're in the playoffs have some dignity.
Pure Hate directed at Denver, I'm sure.
Just dropping it constantly.
It's a black joke
You're just mad cause when the bathrooms are labeled 'ladies' and 'gentlemen', there's nowhere for you to go.
I STILL haven't gotten my refund from last year. At this point, I am just counting those 75 dollars as gone.
Oh /r/chicago. At least it's not as racist as it was a couple of years ago.
Holy shit her hands are huge! Johnny Bench called.
I noticed it immediately.
Are you a porn star?
Reach for the stars my friend. Even if you miss, you'll land upon the stairs.
Good to know.
Agreed, he sprang up so fast
Wrists can't be down
No
Haha I wish. 1990 man.
It seems insurmountable
I've seen this one a hundred times
Agreed
Echo
Yea howbout it? No helmet though
Noooo
If it's a big office, you probably won't get enough for an island.
Mixed.
it says you're a damn good Cincinnatian.
"I was shitposting on reddit." "Checks out."
Ha a lot of people are rooting AGAINST the Cardinals for the same reason. I dunno if I want him to get a ring.
The ONLY reason I would want the Pats to win is to watch Goodell have to hand the damn trophy to Brady.
How did she stop for the wrong reasons?
Holy shit I am DEFINITELY buying these now. They literally made that family happy!
Rule 2 please!
He likes Bernie Sanders.
Damn synths
It deserves a penalty, but 15 seems like so many. I can see it in other instances, where they actually use it to get a competitive advantage.
Lol
It was a veerry long 1.
Nope, they just know the count as well as the Pats.
Not even a FG, a PAT
I am sick from laughing
Tillman dancing?
He's still wearing pads
This took place in Indiana.
Someone was out for a play, but they rubbed some 'ointment' on it and they were OK.
Oh god...
Isn't that where half the adult male population was convicted of child porn and abuse?
Interestingly, most of the island is Google Street view accessible.
Wait so you paid him the full purchase cost, and he squandered it on something else? That sucks. The car title AND loan is in his name, right? If so, you could just walk away from the car and tell him you aren't paying anything else. Unfortunately that would mean you essentially paid him for nothing, but it may be better than throwing money at a car that is not even in your name.
Who... Whose number 2?
Ahh come on, it was early, no coffee yet, AND I was commuting on the train. I'm leaving it.
But then I'd have no money...
Did you respond to the wrong comment?
DON'T carry a knife for self protection. If you are a smaller female, you are more likely to have it turned around on you than you are to use it successfully. Tazer, pepper spray is way to go. Something that can be used from a distance.
Neither record level for Chicago NOR for the US.
Oh. Then I don't understand your comment. Why does OP need to get over himself?
Ugh the streetcars. Some people wanted a light rail system, some people wanted nothing, so they decided to compromise and make something useless that EVERYONE can be mad about.
So you can understand that, in general, women dislike catcalls. They can avoid catcalls by wearing headphones. It is not being 'full of themselves,' it's eliminating an annoyance and a danger. I do the same thing, but to avoid panhandlers and clipboard carriers.
I mean, who hasn't tho?
The Museum of Science and Industry has preserved fetuses from throughout gestation on display, but definitely not in the food court.
Old post man! Whatcha doing back here?
Nevermets? Is that as self explanatory as it sounds?
Found the Cincinnatian
Am I suck at it. I lost the game for my team three times in 5 games.
Are you the lawyer dude?
Yea so fun getting srd bannrd
All I see is ********
Thanks for the tip, I think I'm getting near the end so I will get the first DLC now.
Green blob in EU4
He's hehing because it's Otto Armleder
Destroy all of Hassans elite guard
A 6 pack of bud is like 6 dollars, not nine.
And literally purge in Stellaris
So is there an ACTUAL Trump subreddit where they can discuss without the shit posting?
Wowza, pricey. It is tough to find places that do a good job though...
Don't go to Salsa Gomez at 1 am if you don't want lines
Uh they don't print the paper anymore. That's why you can't find it.
This was before his career started. He dropped out of school after this.
ILL FIGT U
No you can tell I'm not cause nowhere did I use the word cuck.
Can we have our money now?
Seems unsafe
Probably not room for a full kitchen.
Chicken chaser!
In Cincinnati there is a highway called Ronald Reagan highway. I call it Cross County DAMNIT!
Those would be some tiny plums
I'm confused... I think I have 15 down, but I can stream Netflix in 1080p?
The man checks out, folks.
I worked at Michigan and Monroe and there were a few guys who went up and down the street.
At 60657, about half of our wedding RSVPS were mis-delivered. We also had credit cards and government documents never show up. My wife's medical school diploma was delivered in a shredded envelope. EDIT: Completely forgot, we mailed a cashiers check from that zip as well, never showed up.
The ad is targeted towards people who understand it. It's a medical thing.
Hey sol. Quick, without thinking - who is more important, your dog or your dad?
I play it in Cincinnati... So it's kinda foreign, Yea.
Ja
I think she did! Glad others stepped up further down the chain while I went to sleep.
This is just not helpful!
Yea he clearly has none of those, as evidenced by the obvious rush job of the contraption.
Seriously. School doesn't teach you how to apply for college. The school website, or college packet does.
It's one of my one skills
8pm
Hoping for USD
If you live near a potbelly, theirs is pretty good.
Haha back when this place was the Chicago Theater (8 or 9 years ago) I went to many, many free shows here. Someone in my group would get 10 free tickets every month or so. They never realized we were 18 so we weren't buying booze. Most shows sucked, but I did see the Sklar brothers who were pretty good.
What in the world is orange theory? I'm thinking number theory but with oranges
I mean the speed limit is 45 but yea, everyone goes 70 when it is clear. What always shocks me are the freaking divvy bikes
Bee movie but every time theres a plot hole it speeds up.
The poophole loophole.
Maybe leave it somewhere it is likely to get hit by a drunk driver then! (joking)
In Trump's defense, he placed that ad before they were exonerated. Of course, he continued to call for their deaths even after the exoneration, but not with a full page newspaper ad.
Well yea, obviously he is despicable. But not exactly in the way /u/Msmit71 said he was.
Hey hey hey... he had 20 shares, that's 60 cents!
&gt; The author of Dilbert, certainly not a right-winger: LOL
Blocked at work unfortunately. I have followed Scott Adams for years and saw his descent into madness. You seem like a nice person.
I know this is old, but I wanted to give a tip - instead of saying sorry, thank them. 'Sorry I am late' turn into 'Thanks for waiting for me.' If you go off on a tangent, turn 'Sorry for all the ramblings' into 'Thanks for listening to my tangent' In this instance, turn 'I'm sorry sir/ma'am/moron, this is the self-checkout area' into 'This is the self checkout area, sir. The regular lanes are right there. Thanks for understanding!' It makes them feel like they have already done you a favor, for waiting, listening, or understanding, so they are likely to continue doing you a favor by going over to the regular lanes.
My wife ordered my christmas gifts off amazon. They were delivered to Lasership, and were supposed to arrive that night by 9 PM. Well I didn't hold my breath, but she checked the app and... it said delivered at 8:40! But we had been there and there was no package. So we opened a ticket, amazon said, wait another 24 hours. Still nothing, so we contacted them again. They said 'well I guess it is lost' and shipped a new package. Also delivered by Lasership, but it actually arrived that time. Two weeks later (so, 16 days after it was supposed to be delivered?) there is a package on our doorstep! Surprise Surprise, its the original. Sent that back to amazon.
Consider voicing these concerns to the AMA, and bring up the fact that their top donations went to republicans who plan on repealing the ACA with no replacement.
On the one hand, a poor work-life balance. On the other, your family being butchered because you couldn't afford the protection. I get it, it is really a toss up.
Fuckin lol
Round trip or one way?
OMG don't even get me started on what my wife makes... she's a first year resident. I think if we threw ALL of her salary into her loans, they wouldn't accrue any more interest. Guh. Good luck with applications.
My first winter in Cincy since coming down from Chicago. Obviously less snow here, but then again I didn't drive much in Chicago, and it was completely flat. I got to work OK, but going home I climb 2 big hills (Whetsel is the big one). Should I just say fuck it and take 71 with the traffic, or will the roads be pretty clear?
Do you own or rent?
The stadiums were built on empty lands/parking lot. The riverfront was essentially deserted for years.
If you do sue, you can potentially get a judgement against them. As future doctors, they will likely EVENTUALLY have income, so you may get something 5-10 years down the road.
hoooraaaayy
If we are going to pedantic, it should be Straße. But from your username, I bet you knew that already.
Tremendous.
Haha! Is that spicy vodka? I could never do the spicy liquors, too much pain all at once for me. What I CAN do is tequila shots with cholula and lime juice. Yum.
Preferably he would move somewhere NOT in Cincinnati then.
Oh god my pants...
Most people here like both. I think it is easier to keep everything with the same company.
Moving a horse from UK to Switzerland? I think that it a bit out of the depth of most people here.
That's fair, but money is speech. So they are saying something with this, even though it may just be 'we want everyone to like us.'
LIAR! Clinton News Network gets it wrong again. It's really Esteban Santiago.
Suspect was born in 1990. Not the same guy.
Bday is reported at 3/16/90. That would make him 19 the date that was published, which is what is in the article. Maybe. The reason I doubt it is because there are reports he had a military ID. Doubt he could/would enlist with that on his record.
Hearing from who.
Where did I support that?
Stay safe.
God I hope not.
Unconfirmed eyewitness reports say that he finished shooting (maybe reloaded a few times), but then laid down and put his hands on his head waiting for the police. Grain of salt, obviously.
If I hated money, yes.
Odd thing to be yelling.
Suspect is American.
Five people were killed. 6 people were killed in Chicago in a few hours after NYE. I don't want to minimize this, or Chicago's violence problem, but it wasn't like Pulse Nightclub.
Hey Skyline is damn good. It's not like the cinnamon or cocoa OS overwhelming, it just adds a layer of depth.
Ftp
Nonono it's the Bengals who play dirty remember?
Nonono it's the Bengals who are dirty, not the Steelers. Remember?
The Steelers always play like that. People blame it on Cinci, but they are just willing to play on Pittsburghs level.
Someone needs a safe space.
Love that the tide is going the other way now.
There is no permit, the police aren't taking the buckets. They just need another hustle when it is so cold.
But it is an even tax. A $10000 car would cost $12000 whether it was a Ford or a Fiat (other than the actual duty tax, which is only on imported cars).
MFW Ohio and Michigan exist and are not at war.
Oh to be a fly on your search history.
That's why you press charges, so you can file a small claims case for damages
It's a little more work, but I find it worthwhile to use butter instead of olive oil, and stuff the cavity with a lemon and some herbs.
That's a long rest. How many pounds was the bird?
Damn, I moved back a few months ago. Oh well, I get Skyline whenever I want now.
Seriously. Aldi cashiers... no one faster. Which is good, cause the lines are always long.
Balls, I saw this on /r/chicago and came here immediately to x-post. You beat me to it.
Their own website says: &gt;7.40% to 24.40% based on your creditworthiness and other factors. This APRAnnual Percentage Rate will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate. So while your rate will vary based on the prime rate, unless you are at 7.4% there is some room for them to come down.
LOL I got nothing. Try again in a few weeks.
There are birds flying around in it. Pooping everywhere, I assume.
Here's a great example from Baltimore https://www.emporis.com/images/show/775059-Large-fullheightview-don-pablos-restaurant.jpg
What a jabroney
A single protester.
I decided last minute to go down to Grant Park for the rally on election night. An incredible moment that I hope I never forget.
Tax returns? It is really the only way to stop the scandal in it's tracks.
in DUST ry
It really depends on whether you pick up JPP in free agency. He only has half a hand, so you gotta minimize speed typing.
At this point, they are called 'bribes.'
We plan on having a plan
For example, the US budget is one form of Mexico.
Did they ever make a claim to what was in them?
&gt; 3392 Erie Ave Good to know, I go to Keystone occasionally. Their lot is always full.
RIP in puddles
served up on a platter
Op, I worked for an assistance company for 4 years and currently work for a company that does travel insurance (not Allianz, and we do not really compete with them much). I think that Allianz is a bit confused here - they are probably looking at this from the view of you being ON THE TRIP when the accident occurs, which is why they want to be notified in 24 hours so the assistance company could medically monitor the case. I would file an appeal - explain you were not yet on the trip, this occurred in the home area, and that you are not filing a claim under the medical, medical evacuation, repatriation, or trip interruption benefit, but under the trip cancellation benefit.
Well I heard he is great at the cyber.
Fuckin tall bushes.
&gt; Wicker Park, OK forget BopNGrill, to difficult to get to even with a car. Go to Piece Pizza. Top notch shit there.
You should sue the poster.
Not to mention them joking about releasing him if he promises not to sue
Seriously, a friend of mine sold their spot in the West Loop for 50k. For a parking spot. Crazy.
Who offered criticism and demanded changes 24 hours before it was going to be released.
Probably age? Most minors have to go to traffic court. It helps make it clear to them while young how important the traffic laws are.
No in the video she sounds very distressed. She explains to the cop that she thought she saw him with a bar trying to jam the door open, and didn't mean to racial(ly) profile. She sounds distressed and very ashamed.
Yeaaa I'm not gonna slip someone a fiver to humiliate myself a little quicker. I still like the place though, went there for my 21st.
I don't think it was false- I think it was inaccurate. Let's say I hear a woman screaming stop, and the crashing of furniture in the apartment above me, along with deep booming footsteps and a raised male voice. I call the cops, say I think there is domestic dispute. Police came and investigate. They were actually having a tickle war. Did I make a false police report? No, I reported with what information I THOUGHT I had. This woman (likely) did the same thing.
So don't quit- find a new job, THEN quit. And keep an eye on new openings in the company after that.
STOP. Right now. This is classic scam. They will soon ask you to send some money from that check somewhere else. Then the check YOU got will bounce, and you are screwed.
Did you click the link? There's a chart of all the different eye colors
Sure, if he's perfect and the first read is there. Obviously that is not always true.
Babe Ruthing it.
Yuuup
Heart attacks
I could throw better
"that's where I'm gonna throw Oops lol"
Did they replace osweiler?
Tj Yates
Dead
Are you a woman?
Can't go fast when your windup is 20 seconds.
Lol @ the ref pushing him down
"are you Fucking serious?"
begIN spIN IN I will agree that 'through' flows better, but it doesn't fit the internal rhyme.
Cowboys
How do I learn how to do this. My mom's mower is running poorly.
Poor people need aid, old people need care.
I'm getting tickets for Saturday, I GOTTA see those baton twirlers.
Ehh, it's probably just a new stimulus. They are used to people. Not half robot people.
Haha no way. This is false. Good luck with your lawsuit buddy.
Not to mention you can immediately buy back the security that had the loss if you think it is still decent.
So a lawyer.
oh. Then nobody take financial advise from me. I looked it up, and what is called 'Tax-Loss harvesting' does something similar, but replaces the sold security with a SIMILAR security, not the same.
That number isn't income, it is net worth, and it is negative. So assets (cash, stocks, car) minus liabilities (credit card debt, mortgage, and the big one I am sure, student loans).
You should make your facebook more private. I would also recommend burning this reddit account and making a new one.
Ariel's bikini is her costume, not her tail.
It's not his ethnicity or skin color, it is his tattoos (which is guess is sorta skin color...)
Damn, that would have been good money. I'm gonna write this shit down in case I ever get sent back in time.
&gt; Filing multiple state or non-resident state returns I moved states this year, earning income in both. Does this mean I cannot use CK to file these taxes?
To be clear - a person not expecting Obama to commute Chelsea Manning with only 3 days left in his term after having been pretty harsh towards whistleblowers over the last 8 years is why Trump won? Seems a bit of a stretch, but you seem pretty sure of it.
That's three more elephants than Rome had.
Slap him for it.
You pay taxes on your tips, and that comes out of your paycheck. So your 28 hour week, you made 280+224=504 dollars. Your take home (after all the withholding) was 192+224=416, or 82% of your income. For the 35 hour week, you made 350+416=766 dollars. Your take home was 416+191=607, or 79% of your income. Seems about right to me. Note that while your paycheck wasn't much bigger, you did make $200 more that week where you picked up the extra shift.
That's an art installation.
And Jonathan Swift said we should eat irish babies.
But they're not eating it. They are painting with it.
Hell I encourage it. I point out small things, take pictures, etc. I've never been charged extra.
Here you said they cooked with it: https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/5oncm9/why_is_rthe_donald_mad_at_lady_gaga_and_the_super/dcl5wdd/ To be fair, you never said they ate it, but I thought that was implied.
&gt;You are a moron and a bit of a dick Oh the irony.
No, I was wrong. I thought it was a tax deduction.
An apology because she had to hear what her constituents think of her?
We're on a mission from Gawd.
Nah, he tossed snow in the air. This is the dog realizing he cannot catch snow.
That turf, that cold... ouch.
Fuck. I refuse to concede that is a Crap beer. However, after a long day o work, Crap beers are great. I don't need anything interesting after a 14 hour kitchen shift.
Bang, boom, oww
Are there that many qualified people willing to do the jobs?
Apartment reviews cannot be trusted. People who are happy with that do not review.
He said beater, not breeder.
That guy with the crazy hair is Jaden? He looks different than the last time I thought of him 4 years ago.
It's better than the first.
It's not an app, it's just a website. It has no delay (or maybe half a second or less) for me. I push a button, I hear the confirmation on the screen.
It would leave the US completely paralyzed in the even of an outside (or inside) crisis. At this moment, the only this standing between the US public and a national security crisis is Michael Flynn and Donald Trump
NEXT!
Fuck that. When the reckoning comes, I want to make sure my name is on the right list.
Gotta wonder if the reservation/waits where from the fact they were just opening. Maybe in a few weeks it will slow down to a steady crowd?
The Children's residency is, obviously, very good. I know a lot of people who were initially disappointed with being placed in Cincinnati, but after a few weeks/months, pretty much all of them love it and the city.
Or a spy agency named ISIS
Stop redditing, start reading. If you have a kindle/other e-reader, you can borrow books from the library from your own home.
It's possible they created the check, and when you never picked it up the wages were turned over to the state for guardianship. Look for it here: https://www.unclaimed.org/
How would HIPPA apply here?
Did not know that, thanks for the clarification!
?? It is one per month. So you pay once in January, once in February, once in March. I guess at MOST they push it back 30 days, but I don't see how it gets them more money if you pay the same amount every payment.
So he'll get a medal.
But the loan is forgiven! You're not paying that extra interest!
The sign doesn't mention trump
In the eyes of God? Yes. The IRS is much stricter.
Worse for that one kid or family (maybe, assuming they wouldn't get polio without the vaccine).
When I worked there 10 years ago, the crusts came frozen. I am sure it has only gone downhill by then.
&gt; pool ball kinetic machine... seriously one of the coolest things. Some of my earliest memories are running around the mostly empty halls, and then watching this thing in wonder for what seemed like hours.
My dog loves almost everything. Little kids, women, men, other dogs. But I have seen her scared and uncomfortable enough times to make sure she is always on her damn leash. It is for her safety. It is for everyone else's safety. It is for the squirrels safety.
And the goddamn hasburgs
If I don't get it delivered by the 'guaranteed delivery date' I do the customer chat thing, say it hasn't arrived, and say it was guaranteed by today (or yesterday or whenever) and i pay for prime to get the shorter shipping. Then, boom, 5 bucks.
Yea I usually have them reship the item. Lots of time that happens too, where the new shipment arrives, and a few days later the original one. If it's something cheap I just call it a wash, but when it is 50+ I let them know and send it back.
Yea, I was in Lakeview. In 3 years with a car I got 2 parking tickets. With street cleaning, snow emergencies, Cubs games, etc, it can be kinda chaotic.
Isn't it crazy how whenever we have a republican president, our rights get more limited? Under Bush, we had free speech zones. Under Trump, we will be monitored and some people will be registered.
It's gonna be an uphill battle. Good luck!
2-3k for installation? BS, especially if the building is already wired.
No answer on Dave Imhoff. Telling.
&gt; NEVER DO THIS. Attempting to get around the 10k reporting limit by splitting up the deposits is called structuring and is a felony. This is very important, OP. Even though the money is completely legal and clean, breaking up the deposits is still illegal.
Look for local numbers too. My Republican senator has his DC office. But he also has an office in 3 cities.
Qdoba is gonna have to start charging for guac again.
You don't need to consolidate to do IBR or PAYE.
&gt; "Those of us born after the 12th day of the month have been let through." Dear god.
B.E. S.U.R.E. T.O. G.O. T.O. R.A.I.N.F.O.R.E.S.T. C.A.F.E. sunnuva...
I think they are ideologically insane enough to do it.
Rob Portman is a slimy weasel. The only reason he won this year because the dems put an idiot against him.
/u/OnlyFactsMatter is including party fundraising and super-pacs for the dems, but not for Trump.
/u/onlyaltfactsmatter
That's why I love that line.
No, he's in 5 leagues.
No, if I was i wouldn't have drafted Tony Romo.
That's not how bitcoin or money in general works.
Just don't kill op, he might be our only chance.
I mean there is /r/conservative
They're both big. Just eat a dum dum.
But poached eggs are like eggs 101
Is there a police case? I always urge people to only give info to the police, not interested individuals.
So what's the case number? My point is, even if I knew something, I wouldn't tell you. I would call the police and tell them.
/u/NovaStubble is Jeb! confirmed.
Cincinnati Mayor Cranley announced his intention to make Cincinnati a sanctuary city.
Yea but new Vegas was already out and what more do you need?
So the top may expand a little bit, but anything past 10 or so feet deep is going to be compressed by the water above it. It will really be minimal, hardly noticeable.
Why does he hate Barron? The kids like 10.
What's the job market for OBGYNS like up there?
There is no Facebook Blue Book. Get an offer from him and see if it is worth your time. $20? Blow him off. You can always negotiate up.
Season 4 is better on rewatch.
Is he gonna be ok?
A pennant is a type of flag, as well.
Fucking lol. Except not really cause it is horrifying.
it's still up. He hasn't taken it down. I don't know what to do.
Click the area near the post and press A (or Z, but A on my post).
It's an 'alternative tweet'
Well at that point you gotta let Obama Clinton and Carter in on it too.
They totally do my boss has some fun sized ones in his office
Still, RC isn't bad.
Low? But hope springs eternal, and you can't force someone to be realistic.
I've never been able to order one like this, which makes me sad.
Christ the Church in Mt. Lookout has Junefest this weekend! http://www.ctk-junefest.org/ I've never been. It seems like your standard church festival, yea?
That's a good point on Friday night. I work in the square, so I know where to park. Maybe I'll check it out!
Then yes, you can, as long as your car doesn't crap out too hard and you keep your misc expenses very low.
Hmm. Some companies stop paying your fees for the 401k if you leave - these can be incredibly minor or fairly significant, depending on the size of the company and the servicer. I recommend rolling into into an IRA - you'll have more control and lower fees. A lot of people recommend Vanguard, and it is super easy to do.
The tax people are 100% fair. They are not out to get you or hurt you. They follow the laws strictly, and apply the rules universally. On top of that, should you end up owing a lot because of a mistake, as long as you are willing to pay them, they are usually willing to work with you on payment plans. If your tax guy makes a mistake, the financial penalty of taxes is still on you. You will always have to sign the form agreeing that it is complete and correct.
Do you know why they rarely use Vantage? Cause my vantage is usually 30-50 points higher than my FICO.
Seriously? Fuck you.
&gt; "I don't know," she said. "I really, really don't know." Are you sure she doesn't have a twin sister that she switches places with in order to have the best magic act of all time?
&gt; A simple prop to occupy my time. Dang I always assumed that was about the song - IE he is using the song to occupy his time.
It's so subtle.
Of course it's legal, what would be illegal? Just don't mess with it while driving.
So you can only contribute as much to your IRA as you reported as earned to the IRS. Just remember that before you try to put lemonade sale money or pimping cash in the account.
Are you taking loans? If so, start paying back the highest interest ones. If not, try to stockpile a few grand of cash. A small emergency fund will be useful when you graduate.
Dog went home and played with other dog.
Americans know Jaeger bombs. But people are missing the joke.
Except not actually sarcasm
Ok transfigure a one dollar bill into a hundred
That's fair. Plus you said preferably legal.
Wait what
Indeed: https://www.google.com/amp/amp.wlwt.com/article/cheers-to-fiona-listermann-making-hippo-beer/9930836
I think they mean because it looks like he got younger from 02 to 07.
http://taxformcalculator.com/tax/130000.html
Who will run your scholarship fund? If you don't have anyone to run it, it will just get dissolved. These charities are established and well-run. Choose your favorite. Do you love animals? Maybe a local rescue.
I think we're gonna need an expert on bird law here.
It is per calendar year, so you can put 5500 into 2017 in Dec and 5500 into 2018 in Jan. You can actually contribute for 2017 all the way through April of 2018.
&gt;My husband already has a great credit score. Would that help in anyway? It could! Ask him to add you as an authorized user on some of his oldest credit cards. That could jump-start you to a great score. After those have been established, apply for a card yourself to have some credit of your own.
/r/the_al
I think, at worst, the US is at step 4.
(Peaceful ways)
Verdict: Mostly False Reason: &gt;On Gore’s central point, the poll found that among Trump voters, 47 percent wanted to participate in the Paris Agreement, compared to 28 percent who supported opting out, with a quarter expressing no opinion.
Yup &gt;Ultimately, it's risky hanging a factual assertion on any one single poll, and a fuller, more accurate picture of Trump supporters' opinion of environmental policy is likely to emerge through additional polling over time.
Probably netherlands. Source: &gt;In the Netherlands, one of our politicians is currently under fire for receiving a $250 discount on a $40.000 car
This is my suggestion too. Plus the PIA tax gives you some wiggle room to negotiate.
I was driving in to work on a Wednesday morning. I hadn't had coffee yet. I turn to go down a big hill, and from the right a figure runs out in front of my car, across the street. All I see are flames, and inside of them, the silhouette of a man. Sure as fuck woke me up.
Health insurance? No way.
Where are you located? State and municipality. Likely, as long as you pay the pro-rated amount for 9days, they have no legal avenue to holding your deposit unless they actually use it to make repairs.
Shocking
Alright, so notify your landlord in writing that you intend to move out by July 9th (you will move out before that, but that doesn't matter.) Pay your rent as designated by your lease. when you leave, take a shitton of pictures, take a video recording of your walkthrough, etc. If you can get your landlord to do a walkthrough with you, even better. Then get familiar with California Civil Code Section 1950.5, which states (as a summary): &gt;California Civil Code Section 1950.5(g)(2) requires all California landlords to return a tenant's security deposit within 21 days of move-out either in full, or partially. If any deductions are taken from the tenant's security deposit, the partial refund check must be accompanied by: (1) a written itemized statement that lists the amounts deducted from the security deposit and the reasons for the deductions, and (2) if the deduction exceeds $126, copies of receipts for the charges incurred to repair or clean the unit. Make sure you provide your landlord with your new address. If you did not provide your landlord with your new address in your written notice of intent to vacate, write down your new address on any move-out inspection checklist, or email your new address to the landland shortly thereafter. &gt;If the security deposit is not returned within 21 days, if the tenant disagrees with the amounts deducted, or if the tenant did not receive an itemization accompanied by receipts, the tenant should send a letter to the landlord via certified mail return receipt requested. If the landlord does not respond within a reasonable time (7 to 10 days), the tenant should then file a claim in Small Claims Court for the actual security deposit withheld and statutory damages of two times that amount pursuant to California Civil Code 1950(i). Consider meeting with an attorney prior to filing for advice on preparation and presentation of your claim.
Have you heard about this electoral college thing?
Longer wait than actual brief.
He lit himself.
My dog isn't, and your dog is charging right at her!
Nope, this was a few months ago
Did you do that online? EDIT: Oh shit I just got mine increased by 1500 for typing in 9 numbers.
Most places don't serve 'authentic' poutine. From a good source, I am told that the Northside Yacht Club has the closest, best version.
&gt; EXCEPT THAT'S 90% OF THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION So far.
You know it's fake cause his hair didn't dissolve like it did for that poor raccoon.
Yes, definitely haggle! Actually the salesman opened up on the sale with 'the prices are here (points at tag), take a look and let me know what you like, and we do haggle on prices.' They may have started delivery, which would be great!
send help
lol what? Shouldn't he be having iced tea somewhere?
I would be surprised if it lasted anywhere near that long. Remember it's not just a condiment, its used in the preparation of many foods and as a base for salad dressings.
You realize you don't have a 'major' in medical school, right? Everyone learns the same curriculum. Specialization is after that. That said, you best bet is to kick some ass in school. DO NOT skimp on extracurriculars. Scores can get you a med school interview, but NOT a med school placement. Your best bet is to go directly from college to med school and take out loans if needed. Working a year will not even come close to paying for it.
"Do you swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help you god?" "Yes." Handcuffs.
&gt; I'll be honest, there's nothing you can say that would make me think this is a good idea Usually I would be on your side on this. But this isn't some run-of-the-mill private school that charges high tuition cause only rich white kids go there. This is USC cinematic arts. It is like MIT for the film industry.
If they helped him, they would have been released by now.
If 'a few' is actually 150mil, immaterial must only be 35mil.
Honestly? I doubt much. It probably won't effect insurance that much. He won't get a decent car loan for a few years. You make a good income so that helps with renting. The major issue is you may need extra cash for deposits and downpayments for apartments, cars, utilities, etc. Also, it will be difficult to get a mortgage with his name on it for at least 5 years.
Or today, 2 hours late.
Describe your physical appearance, other than the shoes.
I mean cellphones are nice but I think I'd still want my right wrist.
I'm tired and I still don't get it
It's also intentional marketing. It's a chain of sub par seafood that exist as tourist traps.
O. O God.
I think it can go lower.
Take the moneeeey
Sure, maybe. But if you really like BBQs, and only 100 people in the city BBQ, do you really want to make an issue out of it if your bills are fairly minor and your insurance isn't trying to subrogate?
Isn't this what medical insurance is for?
You can also tell its not hot coffee cause it is in a soft drink cup and has ice.
Allyn's the cajun place by the Precinct? Does he own it?
No.
Please don't send him somewhere he will get ripped off.
How many different ways are there to pronounce Mueller?
It is fun, but they can be cliqueish if you're not a regular
They really shouldn't be, Dieters really toaded the wet sprocket on this one.
Madtree Sol Drifter. Incredible.
He's a big ugly, ginger won't help.
My mom couldn't get one either, so I was able to get another 4k in federal loans.
She throws SO much against the wall that some of it sticks sometimes.
The way it is now, it is the line time plus 30 minutes. So if the wait is an hour, the lockers are free for at least 90.
It's tough for all the reasons you listed. There is no real magic answer unless you think you are gonna get rich soon. I would say, at your age, you are best served by a ROTH. Why? 1. You have a long time for your returns to grow, and they will be entirely tax free when removed 2. Most people assume taxes will go up, but even if they don't, 25% is a very wide bracket, it is unlikely you will be withdrawing enough to jump up another bracket But i think reasonable people can disagree here.
Are you a left? I did the same thing and am left handed.
Unfortunately this may be pretty correct. Current death toll is 75. On top of that, there were 75 people injured. Meanwhile, there are only 120 apartments in the building, all one and two bedrooms. Figure its split even, you have 60 of each for 180 bedrooms total. Figure two people to a bedroom, that's 360 people in the building, 150 which are dead or in the hospital. Of course, the toll will climb as the finish checking all the floors.
Ohio will probably re-affirm that ruling in the next week or so (see: Ray Tensing trial)
&gt;“For that very reason, I’m signing my name on the budget veto,” he said, “and I hope and pray that the silliness will stop and we’ll do the right thing.” Ummmmmm
I'm also a shut in. But yea I live in Blue Ash so I can just take the backroads.
It's a joke about chili.
So downvote, report, and move on.
&gt; if I lived paycheck to paycheck I'd be screwed. A true statement for 90% of situations we see here.
COBRA may be possible - you will want to pursue that aggressively as there is a registration deadline. Luckily, it back-covers. Another thing that immediately comes to mind - was she driving one of the cars? Was she at fault? If not, the other driver's car insurance may be able to cover some bills.
Why 👏 is 👏 everyone 👏 clapping 👏
Yea that;s the best part of COBRA - it's the only insurance that can be a sure bet. As long as everything is taken care of in time, it is retro-active to the last date of employment. When I quit my job, I went uninsured until my wife's insurance could kick in for me. However, i completed the cobra app and had it all in the envelope, addressed and ready to go, with a check, with explicit instructions to my wife and other family members to drop it in the mail should something happen to me. From https://www.cms.gov/CCIIO/Programs-and-Initiatives/Other-Insurance-Protections/cobra_qna.html: &gt;Q14: How do I elect COBRA? &gt;Qualified beneficiaries must notify the plan administer of their election according to the instructions laid out in the election notice. Qualified beneficiaries must be given an election period of at least 60 days during which each qualified beneficiary may choose whether to elect COBRA coverage. This period is measured from the later of the date of the qualifying event or the date the COBRA election notice is provided. **COBRA coverage is retroactive if elected and paid for by the qualified beneficiary.**
Yea but 120F fucking sucks even without humidity. It's just that 95F with 100% humidity sucks just as hard.
Pauul RyaAAAn.
Better get that suit dry cleaned.
Any day now obama's wagons are gonna roll up to seize them.
So the early voting they are counting is IN PERSON early voting? They haven't started mail early voting yet?
In Chicago, you say "oh thanks for the ride!" and get out if they try to pull that.
Does he smoke?
Yea how do I sign up?
It probably won't be $36k, he will only have to roll the negative equity into the new loan. So if he can sell the car to the dealer for 8k, it is only $28k.
For the rocks, moissanite looks great. Whenever we've had it polished, only places that specialize in moissanite can tell right off the bat that it isn't a diamond.
It will vanish entirely.
&gt;retire in a year and a half (the woman is 26). Scam. &gt;The Business of the 21st Century by Robert Kiyosaki Scam. &gt; scheduled a coffee date. Scam. &gt; it's not a pyramid scheme. Scam. OK so it's not TECHNICALLY a scam like sending a fake check, but it is a MLM scheme. She should politely decline the invitation to the training event.
YOU take care of the budgeting, YOU take care of paying the bills. Sounds like you are in the drivers seat here.
That really sucks. People need mental health care. It should be completely free for any soldiers who were deployed.
My family have 53 people in it with no shared birthdays. The odds of that are, like, . 001%
Mines only 30 secs so I just mash it a shit ton
When a law is passed that directly leads to the death of a family member or friend, what is the appropriate reaction?
&gt; I planned on picking up a Chevy Cruze for about $9,000 but the woman on the phone from Liberty Mutual let me know it'd be $3,300/year for full coverage if I were to insure it. lol wut. How old are you? What is your driving record?
Damn right
Yea but at 34oz for 1.79 I can't afford NOT to.
What city in Ohio?
The tropico 4 Modern Times expansion adds a new campaign with a bunch of new buildings.
The other mini dlcs are skippable. Take a look, see if any of the buildings look especially cool. I like the Plantador one.
If you're any thing like me, you will play each campaign a few more times a few months down the road.
Poe's law man, it's a bitch.
Yea, that won't be a problem. Married couples is one of the few places were co-signing may be OK by /r/personalfinance standards.
lol it's cooked. But the point is why the fuck is chicken going into a sushi roll?
From playing it 15 times, it is pretty easy to have a (small) win. Easy to have a big loss too.
You can't blame Applied Cryogenics for Fry and Bender -they had the career chips. What, are they not gonna hire a cryogenic counselor and the prime minister of Norway?
Then you need to find a new job because you are obviously underpaid where you are.
Wtf is that, an open faced nacho burger?
Good strategy simulation games?
Darn, but they liked my prompt! I bet they were somehow filtered by the automod.
Yea I'm interested in seeing where people take it. I imagine most people would move on after a few generations. You are unlikely to be remembered after your great-grandchildren have died. A lot of the names we DO remember are great leaders or great monsters. But if it only takes one person, someone could exist for ages for no real reason.
Convergent ideas, this is as original as I can possibly be (in that I've heard of the idea that 'you don't really die until everyone's forgotten you' and pulled this prompt from it).
/u/StanMikitasDonuts mentioned this book: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Brief_History_of_the_Dead is that the one you are thinking of?
Either that, or OLDER than King Tut and Tut somehow got his bauble.
No, it is $5.5k shared between the two of them.
I like it! So he showed his wife, and then she killed him. SMDH.
Your SSN is going to be on any bank signature card. If you don't want it going through the mail, use a physical bank as opposed to an online-only one.
If you read the article, that is more or less what he did: &gt;Police concluded that the man was only trying to help. "We had an independent eyewitness that saw him walking around, asking, 'Is this your parents? Is that your father?'" Sgt. Gary Gross with the Lakeland Police Department told Fox 13 News. Maybe it would have helped to get more people actively involved.
Sleepy Bee or Maplewood Kitchen and Bar
&gt; Liberty Center There is atmosphere in Kenwood?
god damnit
He means the Separatists sacking coruscant in the prequels.
Anastasia is incredible, and holds up very well.
Surely the code of silence is MOST important in instances like this, right? Sure, you don't want other cops talking about your little grifts on the side, but you SURE don't want them talking about this.
Shhh you're destroying a narrative.
[You can tell the future](http://imgur.com/aablJEB)
Honestly, that makes me feel quite comfortable.
Also there is Colleen from Beast with a Billion Backs - they moved in together, so they probably hooked up. Also, the orgy pile late in the movie. And Yvo, I think it counts. You've got the radiator, but I think they only made out. Finally, he slept with Mayor Poopenheimer's wife after saving New New York from the big pile of garbage! He thought that "Sure was nice." So he gets his.
&gt; the mountain that they keep the Stargate Ooh ritzy.
MAYBE IT'S CALLED THAT BC IT'S CHEAP AND YOU CAN GET ONE IF YOU'RE NEARLY BANKRUPT
Can you remain liquid longer than Trump can remain loud enough to fool idiots?
To touch on Kings Island - you should probably get the fast pass. That said, the weather is looking rainy, that may keep the crowds away. I would get the Fast Lane Plus as well, it has 4 or 5 big coasters on it you can't get otherwise. Where are you staying?
Anywhere from 3% to 97%. Wait, lemme find my magic eight ball.
THAT DOES NOT FEMPUTE!
Not even one place remotely liveable.
Do a flip!
Uhh, Yea, that rings a bell.
Nice. I can retire half a day earlier now.
I know it is true for me. When I am at work I am constantly checking new sites etc. But on the weekend, I may look in once, twice. Total.
What people don’t realize is that society hangs on a knife’s edge. Their food, their water, their electricity- it all just comes to them. Even a momentary disruption seems catastrophic to them. God forbid the TV go out for a few hours! Or if the store doesn’t have their favorite cereal! These problems derail their days, even though they are solved by the next. What if they weren’t solved by the next? How many days can a population of 2 million people survive without outside help? I placed the call. My knuckles were white as I whispered into the handset. “Are we ready to go?” “Yea,” came the response. “I finished it late last night. Whenever you are ready on your side.” I hesitated. I did love that city. I didn’t wish it any ill will, but what I planned would cause panic, terror. Maybe even death. I hung up the phone. I just couldn’t do it, not yet. A heavy sigh escaped my chest while I put on my coat. The slick finish on the outside would cut the wind, but do nothing against the cold. Locking my door, I fumbled and dropped my keys. I bent to pick them up, but got distracted by a call on my phone. “We are ready to go. Give the word!” The voice was annoyed, higher pitched than before, but still my same man. “You had me spend 5 months on this idiot project. You hounded me daily for updates, projections. And now you wait?” “I’m in charge here! It is my money, my plan! You are doing pretty ok now because of me!” If he was annoyed, I was even worse now. “You’ll wait till I am good and fucking ready.” I walked. 30 minutes, 2 miles, a good pace. By then I was in the business district. In the Wednesday afternoon, there was a good bustle but nothing crazy. All around me, activity. People, cars, horns, noise. Prosperity, despair, richness and ruin. I couldn’t. A screech, a horn, and a crash. I turned to the noise, and saw the traffic light had turned off. All down the avenue, more fender benders, more lights out. He had done it on his own. No back up had been built in, no fail safe. A few people came out the revolving door near me, looking around confused. Their buildings were dark as well. The sirens began, first from a few cop cars, but then from every building. Each one that had an emergency alarm had a stream of people, turning into a torrent, flooding out. Fire alarms began. I stood there in the cacophony, unable to help, but knowing what had happened. The program wasn’t permanent. It would only last 2 or 3 weeks, or maybe a week if they could figure it out quick. It was already in the backups, so no worries there. And the real lynch pin was the mayor. I knew that man could not possibly deal with any major catastrophe. Any damage I had paid that pissed off employee to inflict would be multiplied tenfold by botched relief efforts, mismanaged resources, and occasional malevolent neglect. I walked home. No use trying to catch the train.
This was my first real attempt, and I did more as a stream of consciousness thing. I've attempted prompts before, but always stopped myself because I couldn't out where to go. I had the same issue here, but forced myself to carry on.
People need to stop posting this - take it to /r/worldnews or /r/worldpolitics
