Just my two cents.. Abuela is Spanish. There are a great many white people living in Spain.
I am also a sub, and I don't know where you teach but I do have authority to enforce rules. I can't even tell you how many referrals I've written, and *most* of the kids know darn well that I can and will do so. As a result, *most* of the kids behave themselves.
It's only ever happened once before, and I wasn't pregnant then... but they aren't normally sore at all.
But wouldn't that happen *every* month? It's not a normal pms symptom for me.
Here's hoping!
Mine are usually...shall we say...less than sensitive. But now, if I brush against them it's very uncomfortable, whereas normally I'd never even notice. If I may ask, how many days did yours hurt before your BFP showed up?
YIPPEE!!! I'm very happy, because I've done all those things except the new reputations. :D
No one is forcing you to fly. Stop trying to force me *not* to.
Searchable achievements. That's what I want.
Well, I don't play on a PvP server. You choose for yourself if you want to fly or not, but do NOT make the choice for me.
Well. Guess I won't be going to a rescue to get my next dog. We're planning to get a playmate for my 1-yr-old pup, but he's not neutered and he's not going to be.
You're luckier than I was. My 5 yr old GSD was diagnosed with that - after he'd died while getting the x-rays required to diagnose it. :(
Looks good, but I don't think it's available around here. :(
Those kids must have really good parents. Kudos to all of them.
Teacher gave me a referral for using rewetting drops (I was wearing contacts) in class. Went down to the office, pointed out that there were no drugs at all in the drops and that as he was not my ophthalmologist I would not be taking advise from him on how often is too often to use them. Went back to class with no punishment.
I was in an after-school program called "latchkey" in elementary school. One day in sixth grade, the counselor yelled at me to stop reading at the snack table, because apparently sitting there quietly with my nose in a book was "distracting". Told my Dad when he came to pick me up, and he turned right around, called that counselor into the hallway, and gave him a right telling off. First time I ever heard Dad use a bad word! Even better, once the month we'd payed for was over I never had to go back there.
Sorry, but once I've done all the content land-locked (actually I think I'm at 7 times now) I'm perfectly happy to fly while leveling my alts.
Dear God.. I'm glad that's not a policy around here! I was a long term sub at the beginning of the year, high school, and I'm pretty sure at least half my students got Fs on their report cards just because they wouldn't turn in any work.
I was testing early the past few cycles, and even twice this cycle, but at this point I'm not very hopeful so I'll probably wait and see if AF is late before I test again.
My cat, who I recently had to put to sleep. He was 19.
Aside from my best friend's wedding and formal events like that, I haven't worn makeup since I was 11. But, I'm taken already. Sorry :D
I'm currently on cycle 8 and fully expecting to start cycle 9 today or tomorrow. I'll let you know.
Umm.. aren't there already night elf mages? Not sure about blood elves.
I still know my old ICQ number...
Test again.
I'm calling mine tomorrow too. 3 cycles of clomid and all I've gotten is extremely light periods.
Not with my odd hours. I called the doctor though about reading bad things about spiro, so I'm just gonna take the metformin for now and hope that works on its own.
They gave me metformin instead, and something else that I don't like the sound of. But I'm seriously thinking of calling tomorrow and saying I changed my mind and want a referral. I'll be 35 in October. My mother had early menopause and I just learned that I was an IUI baby myself. There's just not enough time to wait and see anymore.
This. So much this. I've passed it on at least five different toons, but my poor kitty druid can NOT get them all down in time. No heroics for her!
I like **Follow My Leader**.
Turns out I'm an IUI baby, and probably heading in that direction myself. Good luck.
Yeah, and she knows damn well we're TTC over here. I looked it up because I hadn't seen it mentioned *here* at all, and was like "wtf?" I mean, sure you can use it to treat PCOS, but usually in conjunction with BC! I think that was the kicker that's making me call and demand a referral. That and the fact that I never get to talk to *her*, just play telephone with nurses...
Right by Little Rock, so smack dab in the middle. I need to look at a map of Oklahoma. Could you perhaps PM me the doctor you like?
That is the one. However, my doc and I both found a doctor that used to be with them and now has his own clinic so my doctor sent my charts there and now we'll see. If that doesn't pan out, there's a clinic up in Memphis that I'll go to.
It's not the insurance that's denying me, it's the clinic. And my insurance is through medicaid and there's an income cap. By myself, I make little enough that I qualify. Together, we come over the cap.
Athena
Well, it's BCBS.. it's an obamacare thing, and it says in my schedule of benefits that fertility is covered. Obviously I'm going to get any treatments preapproved first though.
I'm eyeing Memphis, actually.
I did. I'm covered.
Piece of ceramic floor tile. Put it up my nose when I was three or four, and didn't actually tell anyone till I was a teenager. No idea what happened to it.
The weirdest thing is, I HAVE regular cycles!
Candy Buckets also finds bonfires, and if you have Tom Tom you can click on an icon on your map and get an arrow to the bonfire.
I got the riding turtle using a lunarfall carp, but it moves at *walking* speed. :(
I'm mostly fine during the day, but at night I'm gassy as all heck and can't find a comfy way to lay.
Well, maybe I'll just stay on the one pill a day, instead of bumping up to two...
YES! The idea of having to get rep/blueprints/apexis on all my toons is just.. no. It would be nice if blueprints at least were acct-wide, and if the rep vendors sold BoA stuff. Maybe someday...
Purple void wolf from draenor.
Seems like the dog should've been taken to a vet.
How.. how did you know it was your esophagus? I'm assuming this was a result of graft-vs-host?
I **love** it!!!
Should slap his mother, for not raising him right.
Lupin
I had an incompetent OB/GYN. I told her that after 3 clomid (unmonitored) cycles, no dice, so she (thru a nurse, I never actually spoke to *her*) prescribed Metformin and **spironolactone**. Spiro causes birth defects. Why the fuck would a doctor prescribe a medicine known to cause birth defects to someone trying to get pregnant?! That was the day I found myself an RE - and told the OB/GYN office that I never wanted to see that particular doctor again.
If OP is shadowbanned, why can I see his post?
Starting my first treatment cycle (medicated IUI) sometime around the 15th. I expect the actual IUI to be around the end of the month or beginning of Feb. Clomid for sure, with a possibility of Follistim and Ovidrel, depending on how I'm responding to Clomid.
This is not NSFW...
Here's hoping it's not ectopic. That's one of my worst nightmares.
I think they are being sarcastic.
When I finally get pregnant, I plan to find out, but not tell. Well, I *may* tell my best friend, but I don't have to worry about her sending loads of all pink or all blue stuff. Our parents can all wait till he/she arrives.
Can you call the relatives that you get along with and invite them to the shower you are already planning?
Feel free to join us in /r/infertility . Welcome to one of the suckiest clubs ever.
I find that if I take my Metformin with milk, I don't have issues.
You're welcome! I'd remembered seeing an article about it about a month ago or thereabouts, and I'd hate to see someone get something potentially dangerous without knowing about it. Good luck with whatever you choose to do. :)
3 different bills payed weeks apart... all cashed on the same fucking day. RIP my bank account. :(
I remember summoning stones back in BC.
Aaaand...it's hard as a rock. I want to cry.
Except it turns out it's not a *good* one. :( Anyone know of a good mattress topper?
Apparently not. FML :(
It's even worse. They want me to have had other TREATMENT for 2 years. So I can't even just say we've been trying for that long. There needs to be a paper trail. Fucking MORONS!
Yeah, the insurance people are supposed to call back tomorrow. I'm *hoping* they will at least approve a monitored Clomid cycle while I fight them on this, but who knows. The doctor's office is going to try to find out. I can't help wondering what it would all cost out-of-pocket. Maybe a no-interest credit card? Sigh...
I'm pretty sure I do qualify from what they told me on the phone, but there's no way to *prove* it. I was told if my issue was hereditary - and Mom needed IUI and hit menopause in her late thirties. Shouldn't that count?
Policy didn't change. And my policy info specifically says infertility is covered. I have the reference number from the time I asked if it was covered and was assured that it would be.
Doubt it. It was my doctor that sent the request.
Fuck cancer. :(
That...is horrific. Please tell me you punched that fool owner and took the dog away *immediately*.
&gt; They're not going to risk injury to play in a stupid game designed to sell jerseys. Can you blame them?
Wow. That could have been utterly horrific, but I think the fuck up belongs to whoever inspected your appliances!
Seems logical to me. Who CARES what the Claws look like, we care what the bear looks like.
Someone should sticky this or something, I've seen SO MANY near-identical questions recently.
I'm curious as to how much the whole thing cost, if you're in the States.
I like ButtonForge, which allows you to add clickable buttons wherever you want them - a good place to put profession buttons and such. Also LOVE altoholic, because I have an absurd number of toons.
/facepalm
Save for last boss? It's a two minute cooldown! Your group were idiots.
Our parents know, and my best friend knows. Probably a few other people. I don't really care, tbh. It's a medical thing, not something to be ashamed of.
Afraid not. But at least the Clomid is only $20. Now, to save up $1500 so I can do IUI w/o insurance. That might actually take longer than waiting for my 2 years to be up so that insurance will pay for it, though!
I thought penis in Spanish was "pene". Is "polla" slang?
No idea. Since I don't actually have $1500. :(
I use Healium, because I play on a laptop and do not have an actual mouse, but it's not very good for raiding. So I only play healers in five-mans. Most raid healers use Healbot.
I hope so.
To be fair, that sounds more like an accident than a FU.
I am too afraid to click on that link.
I'd love to see Mythbusters get a hold of this one.
How do you skip with flying?!
&gt; 56% That's suspiciously accurate...
Oh. My. God.
What does evolution have to do with souls? Nutjob.
Welcome to huntering.
It was actually Dad who called and put me on speaker. I'm not sure my Mom even knows how to put a phone on speaker.
They went thru the same thing. I am an IUI baby myself! I'm also Mom's only child, and she *really* wants grandkids.
I'm a total daddy's girl, actually. Mom and I really only get along when we live in different zip codes. lol
Those are great, but honestly, I didn't like symbiosis at all. Everyone else got something they could use while soloing, and druids were stuck with a totally useless spell if they weren't actually in a group.
Personally, I would prefer to get rid of them altogether.
Your day 21 tests should have included your progesterone level. Mine showed low, but I was also all of 3dpo on day 21... Also, I'm not pregnant yet, and have never had so much as a CP.
Depends on the kid. My niece could support her own head from the time she was born. Little overachiever...
My niece started rolling from back to front at 13 DAYS old.
That's wonderful! It's so nice when they figure out what the problem is and then *fix it*!
\*sob\*
Yeah, that's the only part I use.
If he's not open to adoption, would he be open to fostering?
You're welcome to not play if you hate the game so much. I'm sure no one will miss you.
I'M SPOTTING!! :D Yes, I'm happy about this. Why? Because this will *finally* be my first IUI cycle, and as soon as it goes full-flow I can call my RE office and get this party started!
I'm a lunatic like you :) Gonna make Legion fun, getting all those professions up! lol
This. Sounds. **Awesome**!
Even if it is just scaled, Kara was my favorite raid *ever* and I would love to run it again without just one-shotting everything.
I was all excited to see spotting yesterday, and now.. no more spotting. No more anything! WTF, body? And then my cat gave me a rude awakening this morning. She was being annoying so I put her in the hallway and shut the door, and she managed to get back in and *puke in my new purse - twice!* So I had to clean it as best I could and put all my stuff back in my old purse. I actually *liked* that new one. So now my new purse is ruined and my period is MIA, and I'm sad.
Ishnu'alah
Fingers *and* toes crossed for you!
Yippee!!!!!!
Well, I took the survey. Some of your questions seemed absurd though. Will watching the movie/playing the game make me wiser? Really?
Boo!
Finally CD1. On a Saturday. Clinic won't be open till Monday. Is this going to screw me up? I really don't want to wait another month!
There's no one to talk to until Monday. And I need to order my meds, but I don't have the prescription yet. I did leave a voicemail for the nurse though.
Oh I hope so. But will I get my meds in time? When do you start injecting?
It's a clinic affiliated with a hospital. For emergencies, I guess go to the ER. "If this is an emergency, please hang up and call 911."
I'm doing IUI with Follistim and an Ovidrel trigger. But I don't know if CD 4 would be too late to start using it! And it'll take at least overnight I think to get it from the pharmacy. Aargh!
That's insane that it only burned one half of the duplex!
11 is pretty young to start.
I'm not sure who they called!
By the time I get Mom to pick me up and drive me all the way there, they will be closed. And it will be too late to order my meds anyway. Fuck me. Benched for yet *another* month. Been a patient here since *September* and I've not had a single treatment cycle and I just want to scream now. Actually, I did do some screaming. It didn't help.
btdt? Yes, I am not happy with the difficulty in communcations, but I *do* like the doctor. And they are my only real option if I don't want to leave the state every time I need to go to the doctor.
I also prefer females if I must have strangers all up in my bits. Luckily, my RE is female. And so was the person who did my HSG (although there was a male in the room, he wasn't looking under the sheet). So far I've been lucky.
I can kinda see during lunch having trouble getting through, but it was after 2:30!
I've been taking prenatals non-stop since October of 2014. But I buy the cheap ones from Kroger, about $10 for 100 pills. My RE said these were fine.
Oh that sucks. I'm sorry. :(
I think I'm more exited about the new wardrobe feature than I am the class changes. I can't *wait* to clear out my banks!
IUI
Thanks everyone!
Yeah, I take mine at 7 with all the rest of my pills, but I think I'll add some Advil to the mix tonight!
I don't like *either* of our candidates, tbh. If leaving the country was an actually viable option, I'd seriously consider taking it. But emigrating to anywhere that's not here is bloody difficult.
I *really* want to go to Ireland someday, but I fear I'll never have the money. :(
Yay!
My RE looked at me funny when I mentioned the six round limit, and said that wasn't a thing. I guess maybe more than six in a row would be bad (for lining and stuff) but you can take a break and then do more.
I know nothing about Canadian healthcare, but can't you ask your PCP for the referral?
Get an RE. Obgyn's are great for PAP smears and delivering babies, but they suck at actually helping you *get* those babies.
The only "bad" thing about Obamacare, that even I would like repealed, is the penalty for not having insurance. But even that can only be taken out of your tax refund, so if you don't *get* a refund, they can't actually take your money for the penalty. And that's the bit that most people have issues with.
After reading most of this thread, I am so glad I'm in a *casual* raiding guild. Some of you are taking this game way too seriously for me. I like the rng - sue me. I like knowing I have a chance to get better leveling gear or better mythic dungeon gear. It means doing those dungeons isn't a waste of time just because I have raid gear already.
That's good to know. Once I do it the first time, I'm sure I'll be fine. It's just.. I have to *stab* myself! Mentally, I'm having some issues with this concept.
Ooh, the nurse didn't mention that part. I shall have to remember that!
Well.. I called the practice and declared that if I ever came back for anything at all, I would *not* be seeing that doctor. But I don't actually plan to go back, because - if this process ever works out - I don't care for the hospital they are affiliated with for delivery. I'd rather have a longer drive and a better hospital with better policies.
I may have to try that, too.
Don't need a carry, I've cleared H-HFC. I just think it's stupid to not even give people a chance.
I had one of those! :P
Nah, he's got the whole yard to play in. But the gate *is* padlocked.
So for iui, advil is probably ok?
My 19-year-old orange cat had to be put down last year, so now I have a level 19 Orange Tabby Cat with his name that I bring out when I'm missing him. Or just want to pet him again.
Am I horrible for giggling at the notion of warriors tanking in their undies? :)
Leveling is fast enough now, you could just reroll on another server. Heck, you could even use your Legion 100 boost.
You need to at least hit it if you want to loot it. You can't just let your pet do ALL the work.
oh dear... lol
Not long ago, my whole raid spent 10 minutes in HFC fighting as turkeys. That was a bit absurd. And a lot of fun.
There are pet trainers everywhere, which give daily quests. There's also the chance of getting stones that increase your pet's level.
Alas, it appears I do not. :(
Well, it's not me - I've only had two so far. One over a year ago to see if there was anything egregious wrong in there, and one this week for my first baseline.
Feel free to join /r/infertility. Plenty of folks in the same boat.
I see BOTH doctors on Monday, anyway...
First self-injection tonight. Eep!
Good heavens! Hope Visa gets that all straightened out really quick!
I started shaking from adrenaline about half an hour before, and was still shaking after, but the poke itself wasn't too bad.
Thank you!
My SO just doesn't like medical needles. He loves his tattoos.
LOL. Eh, I managed. And if I couldn't, my mother's a retired physician and perfectly able to stick me with needles. And my parents only live in the next town over, so it's not far.
*YOU* didn't ruin this guy's life. *HE* ruined his *own* life by committing a crime. Let it go to court.
How would you feel if you settled and then he did this to someone else and killed them?
Not sure it was every pandaria itself that was hated, so much as it was the long content drought at the end of it. Like right now in WoD.
All of the (male) dogs I've ever had have been intact. Including my current dog. I would absolutely have a female spayed, though.
I'm suddenly very glad I had chicken pox as a child.
If this reproducing thing ever works out, we're probably going to have to extra-vaccinate our kids for chicken pox. The SO actually had it *three times*! That's unheard of!
Downside is, you'd only be fertile for like 3 days a year. And not very fertile, at that.
That is a beautifully patient GSD. But the parents really should step in here.
Doesn't sound normal at all! The most pain I've ever experienced on clomid was some discomfort during sex.
All I take is the Kroger brand pre-natal vitamins. Less than $10 for 100 pills.
I also (supposedly) have PCOS. Regular cycles, but overweight and hair where I shouldn't have hair. Although, at my baseline, the one ovary that was visible was declared "normal looking" so who knows? I'm doing a hybrid IUI cycle right now. Clomid + Follistim, with a trigger at some point. As of yesterday, I have a 10.5, a 10, an 8.5, an 8, and a shit-ton of 6s and lower. RE seems perfectly happy with this. I'm also not totally against multiples. If we somehow manage twins, we'll never have to go through this shit again! I will admit, however, that I'm more afraid of *more* than twins than I am that it won't work at all!
I babysat as a kid/teen, and never *once* was I given the child's medical information! Generally speaking, if there's a medical issue, you *call the parents* - they will have the information.
Good luck!
&gt; You do have a maximum lifetime number of cycles on Clomid. Well now that's not entirely true. I mentioned that "fact" to my RE, and she looked at me like I was crazy. I think you just need to rest between cycles to avoid lining issues.
I'd be happy to just be able to log in. Realms are down, now.
Since it's not the salesman that made the calls you object to, it's really a dick move to do what you're suggesting. You said you've already blocked their calls as spam, so surely you aren't getting calls anymore. Don't be an ass to the salesman, if you are mad at the company file a complaint or talk to the news media about it.
I don't think the lube was the issue, it was the pressure. For baseline, they couldn't find lefty in there, so she was shoving it way far in and pressing on my abdomen, and I think I ended up with bruises in there. Lefty showed herself at the first monitoring appointment, though, and in fact had the lead follicle.
I own a gun. Once there's a kid in the house, I will also own a gun safe, so said kid can't get in trouble with it. Right now, it's simply got a trigger lock on it. We'd all be a lot safer if we'd start *teaching* kids about gun safety, instead of acting like the guns are the problem. I've been taught to safely handle firearms since my Dad took me shooting at age 11.
I'm in the middle of my first IUI. Expect a lot of blood work and wandings.
I got 2 extra doses!
I've... I've done absolutely nothing. It's hot here.
Humid
smh = shaking my head
Have you tried subtlety or assassination?
And what, pray tell, were *you* doing in a drug house?
How does horseback riding = cerebral palsy?
Why can't infertility hit *these* kind of people? Instead of people who would be great parents?
So, what, you only ever have to buy one of those things, and then it resets? That might actually be worth the $50.
Wow, 26?! I'm triggering at 20.
Timing is super important. I think I'd bring it with me and take a quick bathroom break to inject.
How are you getting nine? 1+2=3, 2x3=6, 6/6=1.
Sometimes, maybe people just want to feel like they are being heard. Those posts don't really hurt anything, and I'm sure they feel loads better getting even one reply.
I think they are working. My bloodwork came back fine and dandy, so I guess there was just nothing to pick up!
It might be a good sign, for me. Apparently, way back when, my mother's IUI was on a holiday - the one that resulted in me. Only that was apparently Columbus day.
Drop it from the edge of space. Would make a huge crater and be kinda like a mini-version of the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs.
I'm not saying updating the wiki or a sticky post is a bad idea. I'm just saying, we shouldn't sound like asking a common question is a horribly bad thing. So people can ask, get some feedback (which makes them feel heard/less alone) and then search for more info on the sub, too.
Thanks!
Here at the clinic for IUI. He's done his part, just waiting for my turn. And apparently I've lost a little weight! Got good luck socks on, and a shirt that says Believe.
Thanks! If I manage to get a positive test, I'll definitely switch. For now, my RE's office said that flonase was ok during treatment.
I just hope they find an egg in there. I have this irrational fear that maybe the trigger shot didn't actually work and there's nothing to fertilize. lol
Ouch. Will the insurance at least pay for those IUIs? It's still a sucky wait, but it could be worse. Could you try these next ones with something other than Clomid? I feel your pain on the insurance. Mine said everything was covered, I was all set to do my first cycle this past January, and suddenly - Nope, haven't been infertile for quite long enough. There was literal hyperventilating meltdown going on over here. I think my best friend spent a good 10 minutes over the phone just telling me to "Breathe!" They refuse to pay till January '17. At least I managed to get in one cycle this year, courtesy of my Mom who really wants grandkids.
Are they not monitoring? I had my IUI about 36 hours after my trigger shot, which I knew to do because monitoring.
Oh that sucks. I'm done with my stims (just had the IUI) but at least if I was doing them and happened to be at my parents', I'd've just had Mom stab me instead!
I usually just say "Not yet" or "eventually", but when I'm asked it tends to be kids in classes I'm subbing for. My parents know what's going on, his parents know, my best friend-might-as-well-be-my-sister knows, and I'm pretty sure most of his coworkers at the liquor store know, too! I decided awhile ago that it's just another medical condition. I wouldn't be ashamed if I had cancer or RA or some other medical issue, so I refuse to hide this.
My policy covers IF treatment. Well, after you've been properly infertile for at least two years.
I told my SO before we even started TTC, that he wasn't allowed to have another tattoo until he gives me a baby. Did IUI today, and he's started talking about planning for his next tattoo, so I guess at least he's optimistic?
That's horrible advice! The dog didn't do anything!
Well. HPT was negative. I triggered on Friday night. Now I'm more worried than I was before!
No, I don't. *sigh*
But! I just did some checking, and I think my HPTs are fake. They say wondfo on the back, but not on the front, and the handle is blue rather than pink. So perhaps I just need to order more wondfos.
I'm very very tempted. But I think it's too hot to walk to the dollar store...
Dear God. What a dreadful day. You need a cookie, stat.
I could *always* use a room full of kittens.
I did. And I don't think my question was miscontruable. Erg!
Yes. First cycle with any kind of injectables.
I just hope the trigger worked. *whimper*
I ordered some proper wondfos from a certified vendor, that should be here on Friday. And I just took a long hot walk up to the dollar store to buy a cheapy, going to see if trigger at least shows on *that*. Edit: got the faintest line possible. Not sure it's not an evaporation mark, but I'm going to assume it's an actual line and that the trigger is in there working, just for my sanity.
I'm just down about my insurance apparently lying to me for the past 6 months. I'm in the dreaded two-week-wait IUI cycle one, and I know I *might* not need said insurance anyway, but I'm not very hopeful because if I get hopeful and it fails then I'll fall apart given that I now have no idea what - if anything - to do next. I have the SO seeing what kind of coverage his crappy insurance has - if I have to, I'll talk him into a trip down to the court house and give up my everything-except-IF is free insurance and deal with copays and deductibles again. But I doubt very much anything would be covered on his.
How is it *these* people can get pregnant, when so many of us who would be *good* parents got the shit end of the infertility stick?
I actually had my IUI on a day the clinic was closed! Got there around 9:30 am. The SO went and did his bit. Sometime between 10:30 and 11:00 we were called back to the room. We signed paperwork agreeing to the procedure. I got on the table, the doc did her bit, and I laid there for about 20 minutes. Then we went grocery shopping. I can't tell you if it worked or not, because I'm not even halfway through the two week wait.
My doctor told me if I spiked *any* kind of fever, to call them. You should probably call your doctor. Better safe than sorry, and that is what they are there for!
Those baby boomkins are adorable!
I use altoholic to see what I have on my other characters.
Poor kitty. Hope he's ok!
&gt; somehow it's easier to hope for other people! Agreed!
Are you using OPKs at all? My clinic had me using them to make sure I didn't O early.
Honestly, if any of us did try those things and are still here, it didn't work. What you need is an RE.
I have that! So does my mother.
My Mom is a physician and conceived me through IUI, but I don't think she realizes how low the chances really are. I'm fretting about a "next cycle" over here, and she's telling me to wait and make sure I don't already have twins on board before I fret. Come on, what's the actual likelihood of that? I need *plans* to be anywhere *near* calm. And right now, I have no plans in place for another try!
Oh well that sucks majorly. I'm sorry. :(
What a dreadful week. Take a deep breath, and try to take this all one step at a time. I don't know your financial situation, but can you ask about freezing some eggs, given your low AMH? That would perhaps give you more time to sort out your uterus.
Great news!
Thank you, I actually LOL'd at that.
During the Wrath pre-patch, zombies from different factions could talk to each other.
I did that for a little while. But I could never get anyone to give me more numbers to call. At least I got to keep the knives. And I *love* the scissors.
Ah, good ol' Cutco. Yeah, wish I'd ignored that letter, too.
PCOS here. I have fairly regular cycles, and I get positive OPKs, but apparently I don't ovulate "well".
I rear-ended someone who to this day I swear didn't have working brake lights. I was declared at-fault. So no, it's *highly* unlikely that you would be at fault after being rear-ended.
I was rear-ended once, and the other driver didn't even attempt to blame me. Told the cops it was all his fault. So it can happen.
Report to the health department, but don't post to social media. You have no guarantee that there's no record of your NDA somewhere, and if asked in court you will have to admit you did sign one. However, there are whistleblower laws, that will allow you to notify the authorities about any wrongdoings.
19th, I think, which would make sense being it's a Tuesday.
Yeah, several of my characters don't have that portal because I got tired of doing the Draenor intro quests.
Pro: Had first IUI Con: Insurance apparently doesn't believe in babies for unmarried folks. (Yes, I'm going to challenge that)
I think that's about the time I had to have one removed. The other three are still in there not causing trouble, though.
So, I got the results of my not-quite-seven days post-IUI progesterone, and I'm confused. Normal results are: Female follicular 0.31 - 1.52 ng/mL luteal 5.16 - 18.56 ng/mL postmenopause &lt;0.08 - 0.78 ng/mL 1st trimester 4.73 - 50.74 ng/mL 2nd trimester 19.41 - 45.3 ng/mL Mine is **&gt;90 ng/mL** Is this a good thing? I only get results, not interpretations. Edit: my pre-treatment CD21 progesterone was only 3.4. So I guess it's at least safe to assume I've ovulated?
I was thinking 3. I think it was a couple 20s and an 18.
Good luck! Are they monitoring you?
Ya know, /u/WatcherDev, it'd be really great if you guys would stop telling us what we want and instead started listening when *we* tell *you*. Kthanx.
Lol I don't think so, but it's got a lid so it looks like a nice outdoor table when not lit.
I'm not Catholic, but I was also Confirmed against my will in a protestant church. I might have set foot in a church twice since I turned 18, after having it forced on me my entire childhood.
I'd call the doctor. That's what you are paying them for. And it's *always* better safe than sorry.
Sometime during the intro to Legion scenario.
It's probably the anniversary toy thing.
Make him your focus target, and make sure you have focus tracking enabled. It'll put a circle around his dot that is easier to see.
How utterly useless. Just choose your favorite mounts and use the Random Favorite Mount button. It'll choose one appropriate for where you are.
Honestly, on a lot of my alts I used those books to buy blueprints and then immediately vended the blueprints. Instant 1-1.5k.
I've mained a hunter in several xpacs, including WoD. I have an addon to tell me both if I have pack on, or if someone else has it on *who* is using it. One of the most useful addons ever for running lfr.
I honestly couldn't tell you. I used the program I found to download the driver I needed, and since I didn't pay for said program I had to go in and manually install the driver it downloaded, but I'm not sure where that file is anymore so I can't tell you the name.
You *branded* yourself? Like, the hot iron branding used for livestock? Holy shit! That is some serious dedication to your brand! Wouldn't a tattoo be sufficient?
Shiny!
I can't see a good, reputable breeder allowing his puppies to be sold in a *pet store*.
Then they get a dog with health problems.
It's quite common in our house to have dinner at 10 pm!
You said s-w-i-m-m-e-r-s.
You're on the wrong sub. If we're posting here, nothing's worked yet. :( You might find something in one of the results threads, though.
To remedy which part?
Hey, /u/WatcherDev, you getting this? *Here's* a reason to rethink that asinine decision that you can't possibly argue with!
Yes. The demonic invasion comes with a new battle pet and xmog gear to buy, that will *only* be available during pre-patch.
You MUST look in the box on your Alliance toon. If you mail the unopened box to Horde, when you open it the items will be Horde ones.
DE?
Good on them for putting the horses lives ahead of business.
Great job! The first is the worst, it's all downhill from here!
They give dreadfully low xp, so they're not really efficient for leveling.
I'm so sorry. I hope they find something, or that your husband eventually changes his mind about donor. Can you freeze the eggs to give him time to come around to the idea?
The virus is present in pre-ejaculate, too. You got lucky.
I lived in a duplex that my parents owned. They actually owned 4 duplexes in that area, so these neighbors were also their tenants. They allowed their kids to run around going into other people's yards. We had to padlock our gate to keep these kids from letting our dog out. So they'd throw *our* things - lights marking the drive and such - into the yard at the dog. The dog also had a tie-out in the front that we used occasionally, and once I looked out the window and they were messing with that. Fortunately while the dog wasn't actually on the tie-out. We had a little kiddie pool outside of the fenced area that we had for the dog to play with. Same kids over on *our* property dumping sand in it. I hated those kids, but more than that I hated their mother for allowing her kids to run wild. We also suspect that these kids poisoned another neighbor's pet raccoon, which was in an outdoor cage.
I've always wondered how we beat any of these bosses by smacking their toes.
On a three-day drive from Detroit to Las Vegas, I pulled over mid-morning each day for a nap. But I did not pull over on the shoulder of a road! I stopped at a truck stop and napped in the parking lot.
We.. we aren't *in* the EU.
No problem!
I'm wondering what trigger you all are using that shows up so long. I tested like 3 days post-trigger and got nada. My nurse told me it's gone by 36 hours! fyi: I had a standard Ovidrel trigger
Oh my. Yeah I'd say that's a LOT more than my trigger! No wonder it shows up for longer!
I know I can't *know* yet, but surely if progesterone is dropping that means period is coming?
Dropping progesterone doesn't mean a period on the way? Really?
He looks terrifying. /s
I was an IUI baby, myself. And my Mom's only chance at bio-grandkids.
Sunday can't get here soon enough...
I'm going from fretting there's no baby at all to worrying it might be quads or something. I had at least 3 follicles of a decent size at trigger (20 and 2 18s) and the SO has great numbers (93 mil post wash). I'm honestly not sure at this point which of those options would be worse! I'm just all over the place, aren't I?
Sorry I didn't mean to sound rude. I've never really dealt with progesterone before. My previous CD21 had my levels at like a 3! So I don't even know what normal pre-period symptoms feel like! And I'm trying to be hopeful and yet not get my hopes up. You know?
If you do IUI or IVF, yes. You'll get a *lot* of twandings.
My RE couldn't find lefty at my baseline, and that is apparently normal. It gets hidden in the bowel or something.
I'd love to help, but I'm symptom spotting like a mofo over here. Supposed to test on Sunday. Will probably test Saturday because I'm going crazy.
I'll take one, please. Unless for new account. I don't need that.
I'm in the general vicinity of Little Rock, AR.
I grew up in Royal Oak!
I grew up around there!
Not in my case, at least! I have fairly regular cycles, I get positive opks, but I do not actually seem to ovulate. My CD 21 had my progesterone under 4 without any meds.
What high schools still have recess?!
Only during a treatment cycle.
The clinic told me to test Sunday. I don't think I'm going to make it that long! lol I'm going to try to hold out till Friday to test, but I suspect I'll try tomorrow even though I'm sure it's too early even if the eventual news is good - which I'm not holding my breath for.
Did you spot at all with the previous attempts?
Bit of a drive. I've played the occasional hockey game in Macomb though!
I had a buddy who worked in construction. Apparently, they not only *watch* you pee for those tests, but someone actually hold the testee's penis while he provids his sample.
I also saw the new Independence Day yesterday. I liked it.
I do not understand how anyone thinks Obama is Muslim. If he was, I'm fairly certain his daughters wouldn't be wearing knee-length skirts or sleeveless shirts, nor would his wife!
Well, my honorary sister and her 14-month-old (and her crappy husband) left this morning. We had brunch together, I carried the baby out to their car, put her in her car seat, hugged my friend, walked away, and promptly started crying. I was seriously fine until I actually walked away. But I know it'll be at *least* two years until I get to see her again, except on video chat. And we both managed to forget to get a picture of me with my baby niece. Although I got an *adorable* pic of my dad with the baby when we were shooting off fireworks last night.
Ah, well. She understands. It took her 7 years and a miscarriage to get her daughter. A "free baby" though.
I'm jealous. I love GSDs.
Sorry for your loss. Adios, Chewy.
Not necessarily. I get positive OPKs, but only ovulate on my own maybe once a year.
Yep. I got 450 iu out of a 300 iu Follistim pen.
I once threw my back out by picking up a piece of gauze from the floor.
The needles actually aren't all that bad. That said, I pretty much go into any treatment feeling pretty confident that it won't work. I stay sane by planning what comes next.
Well my current plan is this. IUI #2 next cycle. If/when that fails, convince RE to put me on femara with monitoring for a few cycles. Get married (because my insurance won't pay for IF treatment if you aren't married!) and finally have insurance - which will require monitored TI anyway before they are willing to actually *pay* for anything more, so previous femara cycles are to go toward that. Finally have insurance that will pay, move on to more IUI or IVF if nothing else has worked yet.
Thank you.
I am so so sorry.
I feel like this game would send most people to the ER with alcohol poisoning.
A week or so ago I dreamt I finally got a positive hpt. A day or so later, my fiance dreamt I was in labor. I'm mid-cycle, but I really don't expect a free baby at this point.
I'm not sure how IUI would work, if all the sperm is ending up in his bladder. I don't think you can do IUI after a TESE, which might be the only way to get any sperm if it's not coming out the normal way.
My cycles are pretty regular, but I don't ovulate well. That is possible. When I/you do manage to ovulate well, the progesterone is properly high.
When I was little, like 5-6, I made friends with a clown! My parents dragged me off to their square dancing, and there was a older gentleman there with his wife, and he'd play with me and give me various balloon creations. When my parents took me to the circus, he came up in costume and gave me a tour of the show while it was going on. He also came in costume to my 6th birthday. :)
How is asking *one* question considered bullying? Seriously? Are we all *that* thin-skinned these days?
Grats, winners!
I see. $3500 for them to nose around your house? No wonder there's not enough foster homes.
We have snow! *Maybe* an inch and a half. Schools and local government offices are all closed. lol
Funny, they initially said &lt; 1" here, but we got more than planned. People panic around here when any of the white stuff sticks.
My kitty didn't lose fur. I took a video of her over-the-top reaction when I gave her scritches on her butt, and the vet was like "Oh my!" It was cute, but she itched bad.
Sounds like some kind of parasite. Or [Alopecia areata](http://www.peteducation.com/article.cfm?c=1+2141&amp;aid=195) perhaps?
Yeah, central Arkansas doesn't handle snow very well. lol
I jumped.
Ow ow ow ow ow.
I like to get my AK up and *then* do some Suramar. The amount of AP you get from that place is insane.
Really?! I did not know that!
I got a good chuckle out of this one. :D
OMG, this was priceless. I have tears from laughing so much, and the whole time I'm thinking "Yep, this sounds about right!"
Sully was an awesome movie!
Pathfinder is account-wide.
You are my hero if this works. I've done that stupid buggy scenario 11 times now.
Thankfully, the spin cycle drained it! Now washing the whites and crossing my fingers.
&gt;And the thing is once we get going, it's not so simple for me to just walk out of the door (handcuffs and... you get the idea). Do you not have a safe word? And if you do, do you not trust her to abide by it? Because if that's the case, you probably shouldn't be getting kinky with her.
Never eaten beets in my life.
Don't lemon laws only apply to car dealers? I didn't think they applied to everyday people selling their old cars.
I don't know about anyone else, but I always remove a tampon before I pee. The string is still on the outside, after all, and I don't wish to have a pee-soaked string in my undies. Better to change the tampon.
I take them out, so the string won't get wet. But you *can* leave it if if you so choose.
Fetus-in-fetu is a thing, but it's not the baby getting pregnant! What happens is, there was supposed to be identical twins, but one was wrapped up in the other. It's more of an internal parasitic twin. It's not a pregnancy. For heaven's sake, *boys* have been found to have fetus-in-fetu.
He has a temper, and like a dozen firearms, but has never once hit her. I've been basically ordering her to not take the baby anywhere he might be able to track them down (because there's no custody order, therefore whoever is physically in possession of the kid gets to keep it). And she's disabled and wouldn't be able to fight him off OR run away.
My post is updated with the details. Doc never even suggested the Metformin.
I don't think the UTI and the bleeding are even related, they just happened to find it.
Well. No idea, but it doesn't appear to be fatal. My bloodwork was fine. However, I apparently also have a UTI. Who knew?
Read my comment. Self-checkout doesn't guarantee that won't happen...
That gif is adorable.
I like how I can post I'm doing whatever treatment and everyone *else* can hope for the best for me, because I can't bring myself to believe anything will work for me.
Finally found a PCP to follow up from my ER visit yesterday. I've been meaning to get a PCP for awhile now, anyway. *But* my appointment is next week, which *might* clash with a yet-unknown RE appointment since CD1 is "due" Monday.
Well, I love meat. Very few veggies. But I *love* dairy.
I do my best to bury any hope I come across, but it still sneaks up. I'm just sitting here waiting for CD1 (due Monday) and the E.R. doc tells me yesterday "Well, you're not pregnant." to which my thoughts were "No shit!" but... I'm *technically* in the TWW, even though I didn't do any treatment and I'm not expecting any unicorns here. I still didn't want to hear that. Especially since that is *not* why I was there.
I imagine that if there was something *super* wrong, the schedule would have been moved up.
I love love LOVE German Shepherds. If you get pups, I want lots of cute pics.
You can report anonymously.
Had a dream last night, where I was at a dinner with a bunch of people (no idea who they were) and there was alcohol served. I said I couldn't have any (because of my antibiotic, which I really am on right now) and the lady was like "ooh, how far along are you??" Come on brain, even my *dreams*??
I would demand to *never* have that RE that did the transfer anywhere near my lady parts ever again. Possibly while sobbing angry tears. But that's just me.
Good luck!
I'm glad your "little sister" has someone like you she can trust with such a huge thing. Kudos to you for helping her out that way.
I main a BM hunter, and got the survival hidden off H-Ursoc while doing normal raiding. I'd forgotten that was even a thing!
But I enjoy BM. I do well with it, and enjoy the playstyle.
I'm plus size and my RE hasn't scolded me or refused any treatment. Find a new doc.
I also have PCOS with no ovulation. I've been on metformin for over a year now, and I'm still not ovulating. I'm only taking it still because it's probably not doing any harm. And I'm hoping it'll stave off the inevitable diabetes.
/facepalm
[My snuggly](http://imgur.com/a/ZjNzK)
I'd like to see a photo of these laminated wallet-sized bingo cards. lol
hockeypup/Mr.hockeypup * 36/41 * TTC1/TTC1 * October, 2014 * PCOS/above average numbers * 0 pregnancies or losses * 1 IUI (so far) * About to do another IUI, then probably backtrack to Femara if I can talk my RE into it, while waiting to tie the knot properly so insurance will start paying.
Yay for more BM Hunter buffs!
Implantation issues or not, I *will* have my advil when I'm on my period. I figure it'll be out of my body by the time this mythical implantation might occur, anyway, and the pain without advil is excruciating.
I rode when I was a teen, but it's been years since I've been on a horse. I miss it.
I'm certain tomorrow will be CD1. But.. I haven't cycled since June, because this shit is expensive and I didn't have money before now. I'll call Monday and see if they are in, and if not I'll call Tuesday and see if it's too late. I *have* my Follistim already, because they ordered me three times what I needed last time, and Clomid is quick enough to get. Another cycle sitting just means another month before I empty the bank account. \*shrug\* But it's still irritating.
It's my CD 1, too. On a holiday weekend. No idea if I'll be in time to cycle or not.
The ACA-repeal terrifies me. I only have health insurance because of ACA.
Waiting on my clinic to call back to see if I can cycle or not. The one thing I don't like about my clinic is how impossibly difficult it is to get in touch with someone on the phone! Also, my niece has started sharing bump photos. I've never scrolled so fast in my life.
I picked up letrozole from the pharmacy today, where they had to ask "Are you pregnant?" I was like, "Nope, that's what the letrozole is for!"
I do my own Follistim. I'm not fond of needles and was nervous as hell the first time, but it wasn't so bad.
75iu per night. Same dose as last time. And last time, my 300iu cartridge had 450iu in it, so I didn't even have to open a second!
I get weighed all the time (along with blood pressure and such) but they've never suggested they won't treat me. And I *am* overweight. At least I carry it well?
A winning lottery ticket would be nice. Or, I could just magically lose 50lbs. Either one.
If this cycle doesn't work, I'm going to Femara and TI. Not sure if I'll be triggering. Right now I'm on Femara and then Follistim, with trigger, and IUI, but I can't afford to keep doing that! As near as I can tell, with *me*, any cycle that results in actually ovulating means about a 20-25% chance of success. In our case, the only issue we've found, is I simply don't ovulate on my own. If we can find a Femara dose that will get me to O, then I should have the same chance as a fertile person each month.
Good motility. I think IUIs want at least 10 mil, so that seems like plenty, but I'm not sure.
I'm so sorry.
Last day of Femara, and I get to start stabbing myself tonight. My Follistim pen is loaded and ready!
Gains 0? Sounds useful.
If it helps, my clinic is closed on weekends, but I had my first iui on a Sunday. They came in just for me! So, some clinics at least, will do time-sensitive procedures even when they are technically closed.
Not true, children can and do donate to siblings.
Sounds logical. I have two tats myself, but my personal tattoo rule is that they must be hidden under normal clothing. I'm a teacher, though.
Wouldn't they be able to issue an injunction to stop the law going into effect before the SC could rule (again)?
There's a great deal in Harry Potter that was based on real people and things. Or at least in real mythology.
That's a painting?! Damn! That's some serious talent.
Booooo
My insurance happily covered all the diagnostics. They even cover my baseline appointment, because that's coded as diagnostic too. But they don't cover the treatment at all.
I've emailed, but I feel they will want him to come in to sign the paperwork. Which sucks, because this extra Sunday work is like $100-150 cash, that now we won't get.
Welcome, and I'm sorry you're here. I also have PCOS without the actual cysts, and with perfectly regular cycles. And no decent ovulation. I'm currently mid-second iui, and if this fails (when this fails) I'm backtracking to oral meds and TI for the simple reason being that I just don't have the money for this shit. My first IUI was textbook perfect, and failed. So there's that.
Yes. My insurance is supposed to cover *everything*, even including infertility - but that part only if you jump through the right hoops. They are only refusing to pay for my treatment because fiance and I aren't married yet.
I don't get it. You don't look at all like a DK, you look like a hunter.
If you have to ask, then yes. You should find a new guild.
Ignorance of the law is not a valid defense.
Ah, I think in Michigan it's just automatic. I was looking recently for a friend who is having marriage issues.
I actually really admire service dogs, and I'll happily look at them (from a distance) and maybe say to whoever I'm with something "Oh look at the doggy!" But I know better than to ever touch, or even talk to, a service dog without it's person's permission. Is Fizz your service dog?
I've emailed my representative. Republican, but at least female, so hopefully has more sense than the *men* sponsoring this piece of trash legislation.
And to make it worse, she's having a boy. Even before we knew we were IF, Mom had put in an order for a boy. Guess at least *someone* is giving her the baby boy she wants in the family.
Laying in the exam room waiting on my twanding. Hopefully last one before trigger.
Thanks. Apparently I'm not responding as well as my first attempt. Probably need two more days of stims, and they'd already upped my dosage after the last appointment. Weirdly, righty was in the lead with a 14 last time, but now lefty is in the lead with a 17 and a 15. I guess righty decided to fuck it and took a nap. So, waiting on bloodwork and *probably* more Follistim tonight and tomorrow, and trigger on Sunday. So *probably* IUI on Tuesday. If I don't surge on my own before then. Well, last time was textbook perfect and I got nothing. Maybe having issues this time is a good sign?
Triggering tonight, IUI tomorrow. I hope the follicles are mature enough. No high hopes for this attempt. :(
They did, I'll trigger tonight and go have my IUI tomorrow. I just hope the follicles are mature enough.
&gt; Your fiancé can f* off. Would you like me to tell him as much? I somehow doubt that would help anything, but it did give me a chuckle, so thank you. I suppose it's good that she didn't cancel it, there must be *some* chance of success.
Well, I don't think there is going to be a next cycle, really. Not like this. We just can't afford it. The most we'll be able to do next is clomid or femara, with TI. Since my issue is simply I don't ovulate more than once or twice a year, in theory that should work. In theory. But I can't afford more injectables and multiple ultrasounds every month. There's just not enough money.
Yes, it's being done tomorrow morning, instead of Tuesday.
I also do that. I don't like the idea of getting pee on the tampon string and then walking around like that.
War spackle?
My clinic also doesn't bother with betas. Unless a positive HPT happens, then I suppose they do them.
My parents financed our first IUI cycle, and both Mom and Dad have driven me to appointments. We only have one car, so when fiance is working I get one of my parents to drive me around to doctors. But, to be fair, my mother is a retired physician, and they went through something similar - I'm an IUI baby myself, which I didn't know until my parents realized that we were having trouble. They knew we were trying because I got tired of Mom dropping hints about how it's high time she had a grandkid so I told her we were working on it. My fiance's parents also know about our difficulties.
Sounds delicious. Chocolate syrup, too?
She just chauffeurs. I don't let her come back in the room with me, at least not at the RE! But yes, it helps that they've been there done that.
Thank you. I love discounts. :)
Are you doing OPKs? I was *supposed* to have my IUI today, but I got a positive (or damn near positive) OPK on Saturday, so my IUI was Sunday instead. I'm spending the week freaking out that I didn't actually ovulate. Why didn't I do a second OPK to be sure? Friday can't come soon enough.
I'm looking at your flair, and I'm wondering how you/they determined hostile CM. Is there a test for that?
I absolutely LOVE the Harry Potter series. And Severus Snape is my favorite character of the lot, so I was definitely teary when I read that part. Since they never found his body, I choose to believe that a *Potions Master* would've taken something to allow him to survive somehow, and simply disappeared from the wizarding world after the war. He deserved to have a peaceful life after that. Edit: I enjoyed the ["The Dark is Rising"](https://www.amazon.com/Dark-Rising-Complete-Sequence/dp/1442412534) series.
This needs more upvotes.
After reading that article, yellow no longer looks like a real word.
I search there. I've always wanted to foster. I'd just hoped to have my own kid first...
I've seriously emailed my clinic to ask about OTC progesterone creams. But seriously, my cycles are regular - I just don't seem to make enough progesterone for anything to happen. I think I'm reaching here...
Really? I've had two IUI and no one's done a lap.
I agree, but there's some serious paranoia about it these days.
I've gotten credit for missions to get follower gear. *shrug*
Well that's just heartbreaking. Grab a tissue if you watch this.
&gt; be weary They should be tired? I think you are looking for the word "wary".
That doesn't mention endo at all. I *have* an RE - not all REs specialize in endo.
None. I don't have any more legendaries that need upgraded, and there will be a new upgrade thing when we can upgrade from 940. Why would I bother collecting stuff just to sit in my bank?
Mounts, mats you don't feel like farming for, flasks and pots if you don't have an alchemist, vantus runes if you need one and don't have a scribe, battle pets, and of course tokens.
I'm gonna be sooooooo full of cake. Also, you know, insane robot(?) butler dude.
I literally LOL'd at this comment. Thank you. :)
I would keep the door closed and call animal control, personally.
That dog is hen-pecked.
Skating on ice causes the ice to chip. Unless you think they should zamboni every 5 minutes or thereabouts, there's really nothing the rink could do. This was a known hazard of ice skating. From now on, I highly recommend paying for dental insurance.
I ended up doing just that!
linkffn(12101050) is a good one.
Wait.. Jesus is a demon hunter? That... actually kinda fits!
Doesn't work, you can only turn in one per event, even if you have more than one.
Around here there's a "Rong Chinese Restaurant". I always want to know where the "Wright" one is.
Possible? Yes. Practical? Not in the least. There are thousands of wowhead links and comments, and they are often being updated.
Unfortunately, no.
Well shit.
What item is that?
Every class at max. Which, right now, means trying to get multiple concordances for the toys/mounts/pets.
Honestly, this kind of thing makes me ashamed to be American. A policy of *murdering children* is ok??
My hands just involuntarily curled into fists to protect my nails after reading this. &lt;shudder&gt;
Is this the pet pigs in Marked Tree (I think) thing?
If my parents had put down my dog without telling me, I'd've never forgiven them. I was 2 1/2 hours away at university when he took a turn for the worse, and Mom called me and said it would be done the next day, so I was able to get home to say goodbye.
My mother is a doctor (retired now) and told me a story of this happening. They were on a trans-atlantic flight, when a call came out for a doctor. Turns out someone was not feeling well, and the pilots wanted to know if they should call for an emergency landing. I think Mom said the person was feeling flu-like symptoms, and Mom told the pilots that he/she would be just as miserable on the ground as in the air, and would probably prefer to get where they were actually going instead of being miserable in a strange place. No emergency landing was made.
The only really awesome thing about it is access to BMAH without dealing with the Underbelly pvp (or paying 5g for a guard).
Actually, I have every class and rogue is probably my least-preferred. My main is hunter.
Well there's nothing overly exciting about, say, DH hall. But it's nice enough. Priests at least get, um, a really nice-looking loading screen? (Yeah, you guys got a boring order hall. Sorry.)
I dated a Reggie around 10 years ago. He'd be in his 30s now.
I see three distinct colors, which means calico.
I *did* get some from doing emissary.
Ouch.
Er, why a +15? lol
Wow, Progressive is EXPENSIVE. I have Traveller's and my renter's insurance is maybe $10-15/month.
ITT deserved to be killed. One of my degrees is from there, and it's not worth the paper it's printed on.
Where does it sound like that? They are saying it's working as intended.
Try a kilt. Women *love* men in kilts.
Only if you keep your purse over your crotch.
Which state(s)?
31718 Best wow moment, perhaps the very first time I killed Deathwing (when it was current, not lfr). The Blazing Drake dropped and I won the roll.
This actually makes me wonder if this doctor is getting some kind of kickback from the sperm bank or something. Unless all your hubby's sperm is malformed or something.
I know this sounds sexist and awful, but it seems *really* unusual for the father to get more custody than the mother. Either something's wrong here, or OP has done something shady in the past that's limiting her parenting time.
Flea collars actually work pretty well. We used them on our dogs growing up, and they took care of any flea issues right quick.
Report to animal control, too. Poor cat.
No, it's not legal to film someone having sex without their permission. If they are underage, it's not legal to film them having sex even *with* their permission.
This person is my hero.
Someone please do this to "Heather, from Consumer Services". They keep calling from different numbers, so I can't even block them properly.
Yeah I have all the class mounts - and I'm a little salty that the druid one has to be gotten on ALL your druids, while the rest are account-wide so other toons of that class can use them...
Really? Will have to try that. Who in Moonglade?
When it was literally taking me half an hour to lock my door. OCD sucks.
For Red Wings, perhaps you should've considered birds with red feathers. I think Islanders refers to people living on said Island. Otherwise it would be the NY Islands. For Flyers, why not consider pilots? I would argue more lightning than Lightning fans - just because each bolt doesn't last very long, doesn't mean it didn't exist. Unless you're saying more fans in existence than lightning bolts at any one time.
The kings in a deck of cards are David, Alexander, Charlemagne and Augustus. Where are you getting Odin from?
Rogue. I mean, I like running around picking pockets, but I don't actually like fighting things with it.
Well, the human body is about 0.4% salt, and we *do* have an awful lot of microorganisms living inside (and on) us, so.. yeah, you're already doing that.
I main a BM hunter. If you like hunter, play hunter.
Did you actually pick up the quest again after you turned in the last one?
On the rare occasions that I heal, I prefer druid. I refuse to heal with any kind of priest.
Smells like some kind of scam, to me. If the cops want you, they *will* find you.
Crate training.
Euthanasia is best, if the dog is suffering. My first dog died naturally, but he was his usual old self right up to the morning I found him laying dead in my parents' doorway. The second was euthanized when he could no longer walk. The vet came to the house and did it right there where the dog had chosen. The third - well, he was *at* the vet, but died of an enlarged heart we didn't know he had combined with the sedative to keep him calm enough for an x-ray. He HATED the vet. And he was so big they were afraid of him. I was an absolute mess when I had my cat put down. He was 19, had looked horrible for the past year or so, but when he started leaking fecal matter I knew it was time. It's *possible* I could've had him treated, but I'd already decided I wouldn't put him through any more vet stuff aside from his yearly checkup. Poor cat was a nightmare at the vet, and as old as he was it just didn't seem fair to him. Even though I would've loved it if he'd lived forever.
