The Gorillaz playing in a video about Gareth Bale.....
Littlefinger arrives. YEAH BUT WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?! WHAT?!.. Are you talking about?! WHOSE SIDE IS HE ON?! What are you talking about?! Yes sir! Get him Littlefinger! Go get him BABAY! Come on and get some of this now! Who's bad now boys?! Littlefinger arrives.. OH MY GOD WHAT IS HE DOING?!
Clyne was our MotM. Skrtel was MotM overall. Please Roy, stop taking Lallana off.
I wouldn't feel so bad about it apart from I feel like 25% of the people who votes leave are chavs who are probably sat outside the shop right now with a can of cider who just hate immigrants and think voting leave will mean "people can have jobs again" even though they have no intention of working anyway.
God we're just fucked. Why did people think it was a good idea to leave? All my family voted leave except me and I asked them why and they have NO IDEA WHY THEY VOTED LEAVE. This is madness. We're fucked guys.
I'm the eldest child.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjuNuqIev8M This guy voted leave.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
I know, I know. I don't. Unfortunately the people at those rallies are your leave voters though. Not all of them, but they're there.
So of the 30 areas with the oldest population, 27 voted leave. Of the 30 areas with the least graduates, 28 voted leave. Of the 30 areas who "identify themselves as English", 30 voted leave. So the old and stupid are our leave voters.
He's just gone and cunted it in.
I bottled it and did to qualify bets today. Couldn't see no extra time.
I'd have gone gay for Giroud long before this goal.
And this is an actual shit post.
2017 is already better than the whole of 2016.
Not sure what game you watched but we never looked tired at any point during that game.
Chelsea play Spurs away next - this could be 1 point gained. Calm down.
6 &gt; 5. We closed a gap. I didn't realise you get automatic 3 points for games in hand these days.
Oh right may as well add a point on to Chelsea's tally then these points don't matter lads.
Yeah we should have gone out and signed some players in October. Fucking Klopp.
I'd say our games were pretty equal. Home to City and away to Sunderland. Home to Stoke and away to Spurs. If we gain a point on you after an equally hard set of fixtures for both teams it can only be seen as positive.
I would have been too, that smile he gave while saying he was happy was the sort of maniacal look you get from someone who's pissed on a night out right before he smacks you.
Because you'd sound like a cock saying that. Just call it fucking exaggeration and stop being pretentious.
Apparently that's been illegal to do for long before Sky. I remember reading something along those lines.
Seriously. Why couldn't all the games just be played tonight and tomorrow at 7:45-8pm? It's an extra days rest for most teams and something most are used to with Saturday games and Champions League/League Cup fixtures midweek. Baffling.
[[Argent Lance]]
Hmm.. What did I fail on in that question.
Moo.
I didn't even realise this was a thing. Is gold that important? You'll gain gold just playing every day anyway. Seems pointless to me.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I dusted pretty much most of the epics and legendarys except Dr Boom for the feels.
And they thought Dennis was crazy.
You don't have to play it on turn 1. Sometimes it's good to just hold it back a few turns to get the guaranteed heal and trade off with a minion/weapon charge.
Some people just want to watch the ~~world~~ sausages burn.
I'm sorry for your downvotes. I'm^not^sorry
Raticate on turn 7 vs rogue = gg.
Chancey is so broken lol. Silence &gt; Divine Spirit &gt; Inner fire. It'll most likely stick for a turn or two as well to give time to buff it.
What about when he was in the UK on the Saturday before the Royal Rumble when he returned at 30 to shock everyone. He was at White Hart Lane for a Tottenham game in one of their shirts that day so the latest he'd have left the game would be like 5pm, 8pm-ish if they played an evening game. He was back in the US returning from injury months earlier than expected the next day.
https://twitter.com/_chrisbascombe/status/819292123749117953
Hi r/all
No shit.
Give us a chance mate we only play tomorrow. ┴┬┴┤( ͡° ͜ʖ├┬┴┬
Get fucked Payet?
Wonder how much he had on himself to score the first goal.
I said last year when I saw us playing him that he's almost impossible to dispossess. I don't get it, the ball just sticks to his fucking feet. When he keeps himself fit he's a beast.
They stuck him in their provisional squad for some weird reason.
Fuck it, call up James Milner to England then because fuck him if he wants to retire, he has to play. While we're at it include Shearer, Gerrard and Beckham too the lazy fucks.
I thought Phil Jones and Rojo was your best partnership?
If FM had stats up to 100 Super Robot James Milner would be 100/100 for penos.
I think the universe would implode.
What a fucking save getting down so close to him.
Nah he booked him for the "foul".
A bigger joke was Rooney not even seeing yellow for a red card tackle.
A couple penalties I think though, definitely one for us. Not so bad if they're peno's/free kicks.
I do watch some City and he's never really impressed. But you watch more than me so I'll take your word for it.
Because that's what I said.
They play different fucking positions. You can't compare the two. And if you could, Toby is better. Spurs need to worry less about keeping Alli and Kane and worry more about Real/Barca knocking for Toby. Fucking immense that lad.
‪ https://twitter.com/FinallyKais/status/821104099940855810/photo/1‬
I know i'm a Liverpool fan and I swear i'm not being arsey, I understand he's won a Premier League medal, but who the fuck is this guy? I literally don't remember him. Did he play much for you guys? Edit: I googled him and remember him for his mohawk. What happened to that guy?
Incoming Lifetime ban for Didier Drogba.
Wow enjoy those downvotes bro.
I think it was "did you just use the word fam and make yourself look like a brainless retarded cunt?"
UNNNLAACCKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Can't remember which game it was recently but that goal he conceded where the team was shooting to the right as the camera looks, where it went bottom right corner (his right) and he barely moved for it when it was quite saveable. Doesn't matter what league you play in stuff like that needs to be saved.
I liked the explanation until you randomly threw you were f2p into the post. I don't really care about whether or not you're f2p.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sarcasm
Hell, I'm a relief chef for a catering company that does meals for companies lunch, like head offices for Sony, Regatta, AO etc. No one ever questions me. I turn up wearing a hoodie and carrying by bag with knives and chef clothes in them, at security I simply say "I'm here to work in the kitchen today" and I literally sign in, get pointed in the right direction and away I go. No ID, no nothing. Hell, most of the time I get given a security badge to get me through doors or barriers.
That must be the voice actor. Like there's no way that isn't him. Or one of those pro mimics.
Why have you brought this into my life? Now I have to find an excuse why i'm not going into town tonight because I really want to browse /r/spacedicks.
I climbed from 1300 to 2050 solo I thought I did good :(
I dunno, at what age do kids learn about the dankest of memes these days? You could become a pretty dank teacher if you knew your memes.
Klavan should never have been given a second yellow.
You completely missed the part where I said I wasn't bothered by you lot doing it last week?
The ref didn't even give a foul. If he did anything again this situation would have had no bearing on it.
No it was to show that I wasn't just hating on long ball play because I don't see an issue with it. The two scenario's were different in the sense that we did it from the 91st minute onwards but whatever floats your boat.
So the referee is corrupt? Got you.
Nope just about 20 minutes.
We launched a few long balls into the box in injury time like any team would because we didn't have time left to play our normal game is my point. Opposition is irrelevant when you're into injury time with no time for plan A.
He was brought on in the 75th minute. Our long balls were clearances when we were 1-0 up to try and get rid of pressure. I don't have a problem with long balls at all, it's part of the game. The two situations are different.
CAN I HAVE SOME DECORUM PLEASE?!
Level 200 or so. Played in all 3 comp seasons. Currently Plat. Did not know about this.
I dunno, Mane is pretty impossible to play against when he's on it.
It's such a hard 4 to rank, but I wouldn't put Bobby at the bottom. The lad oozes class. Although if you'd have said the same sentence and replaced the players I probably would have argued with it. No idea how i'd rank them.
He's our top league scorer now though. I reckon he can hit between 15-20 this season, which is a great return for him considering how/where he plays.
I know he's a different position than Bale but why shouldn't we hold out for that amount of silly money? There's not that much between them ability wise in my opinion. Cout is still progressing and is 3 years younger, and (usually) stays fit.
His hammer swing either hits from 10 metres away or misses someone standing on your toes.
I'd honestly just rather do The John J. Keeshan questline from Redridge over and over than some of the other boring stuff.
Bet he fucking watches Netflix on the Ultra HD package and gives his password so his city mates can also watch on his account too the fucking cunt. Defense training at City this season is scrapped in place of Netflix account organising, as only 4 people can watch at any time it takes a lot of figuring out when Fabian Delph can watch Peaky fucking Blinders.
While we're at it, if my game crashes or freezes as a game starts up and I have to ALT+F4 or task manager close it, I literally relaunch the game quick enough to get back in before the match even starts, yet it won't allow you. It just bans you for 10 mins and -50CP. Why is this? My game has frozen, if i'm not back within a minute, sure, cancel the game like you usually would but this makes no sense.
Oh it's only happened maybe twice this season but it's enough to annoy me about the system.
Sorry yes, SR.
[I raise you Djimmi Traore's Zidane drag back finish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8DDdQ8PJms)
[I raise you Djimmi Traore's Zidane drag back finish](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8DDdQ8PJms)
God help this fucking team when we play in Europe next season. Which is looking more like Europa than Champions League. They can't handle two games in a fucking week. Absolutely pathetic week of "football" from us. I have faith in Jurgen but i'm so angry at him for that team today. We needed to spank these lot for confidence, but no let's give Connor fucking Randall a run out. Joke.
Don't be getting people's hopes up lad it's nothing like your one. In fact that sensible "whats wrong with todays football" thread came from one of those interviews I think.
I'm complaining about that because we needed a win for confidence. Not let's give Connor fucking Randall a game because why not? I love Klopp but today was a disaster from start to finish.
Why he thought Connor Randall could ever do a job is beyond me, I think most of us recognise him as League 1 standard at best. I've nothing against the lad he's just never going to be good enough for us.
Joe Gomez could have done a better job there and play Matip. He's had 4 weeks off.
~~gg ez~~ I feel very, very small... please hold me..
Bodvarsson turned into fucking Messi for his cameo.
I think if we don't get a good start we start to panic way too much. And if a team scores against us before we score it's good fucking game because then they just sit back and hit us on the break when we lose the ball on the edge of the area with 8 men in your half.
I often wonder if we looked at this shit 10 years ago and found it acceptable quality?
Too true. You NEVER need to walk, you're telling yourself you need to but you really don't. Just slow down, take it easy, focus on your breathing. I'm not an expert runner by any stretch of the imagination and in the 3 years since i've started running i've never taken a walk break that wasn't planned as part of my workout.
The picture of her is looking at me...
My girlfriend came out on my birthday and insisted the guys still took me to the strip club for my birthday tradition. She also got a dance with me for a laugh.
So Chelsea then?
He wasn't worth £50m then and he never was. Euro's hype put the price up plus he's almost 30.
Think he's just thrown a bit of a fit at the way the season has gone. Probably had his head turned by the mere mention of all these amazing clubs after him in the summer that never materalised too.
I don't even think it applies to just top team vs non top team. I reckon most teams will play this way against us as it works. United first did it at Anfield. Klopp has shown a willingness to change as he countered City doing the same thing, so we'll see how he sets up against you lot on Tuesday. The City tactics really came out of nowhere though.
Eh, he could play. He just probably wouldn't play very well. Like me at 5-a-side on a Monday after getting in at 5am Sunday morning pissed up.
People keep going on about players having to fly home like it doesn't count as a rest day. They're on private jets, not ryanair. They're not squashed into an aisle next to a fat bloke with his wife and screaming kid. These jets are more comfortable than my living room.
kys should be the next "gg ez" nerf.
I don't think we even booed Paul konchesky or Christian Poulsen. I can't remember us doing it once but maybe someone can remind me.
The glorious nation of Swedistan
Yes pls.
He did sort of change that for the last couple games though. Two up top vs you men and West Ham and we scored 7.
There's plenty Sterling to go around judging by his 15 kids to be fair.
Thought that was Klavans wife.
We could buy him.. But then that would literally be it unless we sold a fuckload of others.
r/hedidthemath
Mate we woke up Sunday morning and it was like "Meireles is signing" and everyone was like wtf? Since when?
I hit 2600 last season, ended around 2450, won 7/10 and placed 2456. So it kinda worked out fine for me. Plus the sr boost after just placing kicked on and I played 2 games after placing and got +100 SR total after winning them both.
Fuck the red team and their pro everyone.
So is Shaqiris body shape square or a rectangle?
Wenger has just bid €100,000,001.
Don't, it's fucking Wayne Rooney.
Seemed to work fine for me, I must be an exception. Highest was 2600, finished 2450, won 7/10, placed 2456.
Although Southgate has something to say about "active".
More games played though, just a LIDL Sunil Chhetri.
Who's going to take any of those useless fucks off their hands Barring Pickford and Defoe who has already gone.
250% less tv money and still have reasonably priced tickets. Fuck our league honestly.
Mate it's 2017.
If I played dps I'd probably float around in silver. Playing mercy only will maybe help me hit diamond this season. People do recognise and appreciate you, I'm always on the medals screen, I get constant "wp great rez" etc. In fact, the greatest compliment you can get is like after round 1 on KotH having the opposition team comp change to something like a Winston/tracer or suddenly their Pharah literally just follows you around. Even if your team doesn't realise the great job you're doing the opponent definitely does.
Did I miss sarcasm? I'm normally good at that shit.
r/soccer Edit: fuck I had that typed out and had to serve someone at work.
Was looking for that cunt IndyKaila then literally lol'd at the bottom tier.
Meireles was pretty much "btw we signed Meireles lol"
Will she only ref women's matches? And if not, can she take a bump in a men's match like a normal ref would or is that against the male on female violence thing? Or is it okay if "accidental"?
If they want some dosh we'll take Nainggolan while we're at it.
We're up to £6 lads.
So basically for 17 years I've thought that was a spear but really it was a perfect DDT. Calculated.
True, he's done a great job but let's be honest it's Real Madrid.
Fucking scumbag move from Ramos. They didn't even need that.
Yes.
Not if bob has anything to say about it.
[Appropriate](https://youtu.be/yg2BcOEMWcY)
The only time it annoys me is in comp, and even then it's only when you've got a good comp going like 2 DPS, 2 tanks and a healer and then the last guy goes and picks ridiculously.
£15m?! Thats crazy good business if they're getting so much for him.
To be fair, yeah, we did get £15m for Jordan Ibe ¯\\_ (ツ) _/¯
Wait.. Why did he leave Nice??
Who's gonna bang them then?
That's some Football Manager type knockback that. When you look at your budget after you offer £25m for someone and they come back wanting £60m and you're like "nah mate".
What've you been smoking over there mate?
/u/adelefb123
RIP my accumulator.
RIP my accumulator.
And my teammates in Plat like to transcendence when our Reinhardt is low on health at the front line.
Plus, Morata is coming on usually when the game is won and the other team doesn't really care as much anymore.
Our team is a fucking disgrace. Livermore? Rashford on the wing? What the flying fuck, do we really not have another CM to pick from? You have Sterling on the bench. Rashford ain't a winger.
Our team is a fucking disgrace. Livermore? Rashford on the wing? What the flying fuck, do we really not have another CM to pick from? You have Sterling on the bench. Rashford ain't a winger.
Lallana has played CM for Liverpool very effectively.
Only while you had Zlatan, once he was out he went up top didn't he?
Arsenal fans even think it's his best position.
51 YEARS OF HURT NEVER STOPPED ME DREAMING
He'll make your ankle hurt.
I heard seasono.
Sweet, now I know who will knock us out.
"Man give it up, you were getting stomped anyway."
Yeah it happened to me with a friend yesterday on Numbani, I was dead next to the point in overtime and from my perspective I could see the payload from the side, my friend flew in as D.Va and ulted, I assumed it was because of the split second she breaks from mech the game probably doesn't count anyone as being there at all.
It's like he was refreshing the chain waiting to woosh someone for karma and thought "fuck it, i'm going in anyway".
Think it was the other way around. 1-4 Old Trafford, 4-0 Real, 5-0 Villa.
Looking through our fixtures it doesn't show the scheduling date for the Champions League final lads, these must be wrong.
I remember when £20m got you Fernando Torres. Good times.
Should have facetimed him in bed and took him out for a bevvy like Klopp.
So was Torres. Jesus. Where'd the time go.
That's a whole new world mate.
I hope so.
What did Delph do again? Something about saying he was definitely not joining then left anyway?
What does green hilling a feature mean?
Da Rock
Strong meta picks pretty much guaranteed to be on your team, letting you play pretty much whatever you want make your blood boil?
Yeah, it's very much above average, but top level is 4k+.
But not every hero is targeted as much as Mercy is, you're required to be doing three things at once at all times: Healing/Damage boosting someone Checking the rest of your team Watching out for the enemy flankers that are constantly on your back
They are not consistently targeted as much as Mercy. You rarely see the Pharah targeting the Zen or the Ana if there is a Mercy on the team. She is #1 priority over any other healer or character on the team.
Yeah, right below "kill the fucking Mercy".
Killing a road or rein 1v1 as Mercy is an insta teabag from me. Rein is pretty easy as long as he's used his charge before you engage.
No.
Can't wait to sell you Solanke for £90m in 5 years.
Literally all the fucking time. Cutting to someone sat on the bench or the manager while you can hear the game going on is fucking infuriating. I still remember them almost missing Cesc's goal vs Spurs from kickoff a few years back because they were still fucking around from the first goal.
Barca paid us this much for Suarez at a similar age.
Liverpool is fucking awesome. To be honest, Manchester is amazing too. Both massive cities with fuck loads to do and see, I don't get the hype surrounding London, those two are more than good enough.
Mate central Manchester is sound. Was there yesterday at Fazenda is Spinningfields, was a top day even with the meat sweats.
Only if you stop at Snakes Pass Inn. Sometimes you can spot Di Maria.
Yeah but it was 2 years ago, it's like £100m today for Suarez.
Benoit Assout-Ekotto was a good example. He literally didn't know who they were playing sometimes when he travelled to games. He didn't play football after clocking off from training at 1pm, he didn't have anyone from the team in his phone apart from Taraabt who he knew from Lens. He didn't even know Suarez bit Ivanovic when asked about it in an interview.
00:01 karma race is on boys.
:(
CASH IT IN! CASH IT IN! CASH IT IN! CASH IT IN! CASH IT IN! *Cone continues to hold the briefcase, looking dumbfounded*
But you need to play football to get good at it, so if you didn't enjoy it why did you play in the first place? It's weird, but I respect how honest he was about it to be fair.
Not all teams have one, like us for example. Would we be made to fit one? I know it wouldn't be the most expensive thing but still.
Was watching the video thinking "hold on.. how is this going to be a good goa... oh my fucking word."
So what you're saying is ... United are sixth?
You can tell it's Billy Boom Bot and not Barry Boom Bot by the mark above his left eye.
I feel like teams like United and Liverpool don't want one because it kind of goes against the general feel of the club, at least for us anyway. I know you guys are more corporate and OOT fans than us but we're both pretty traditional clubs. Big screens at either ground wouldn't feel right.
Calling something a cancer is used more than you think in conversation. It's a pretty strong adjective but it does get used.
Basically, he gave a statement last year which condemned the guy on trial, then at court he said he "was confused" and didn't mean what he said. Ergo, he's probably bullshitting and was in on it, and if thats the case hopefully gets what's coming to him.
Soz lad.
You'd think Manchester though would take it. I'm travelling from Manchester to New Zealand for example (with transfers in Asia).
Oh, had no idea about any of that. You learn something new every day I guess.
Mine is Rat. Damn you Dirty Rat.
My mind has just been blown.
When I first started playing I used to play WoW so I thought Icy Veins would be a great help for HS decks too. I crafted a lot of their decks.. They were not good looking back. I crafted King Krush because they put it in some random ass deck. I used to DE legendaries and craft new ones based on their decklists.
Well, we forgave Stevie after his U-turn, hopefully Milan fans can do the same with Donarumma if he stays.
We "missed it" because they have x amount of people sat there not working because this is their "job" buying the max amount of tickets the second they go on sale to resell at 200% the face value.
Why can't we just have nice fucking weather. I think sunny and 23 degrees we can all agree on. Fuck this right now though.
"Call me the dodging one"
They really needed to be more WGTT and be cocky as fuck. It worked back then for those two and it would work now.
#**SPECIALIST IN DODGING TAXES**
Who is this lad has anyone seen him play? Seems to have come a bit from left field.
Be like me lending a fiver to a mate that I know i'm not getting back.
Rip Sturridge :(
[Zlatan too.](http://level3.soccerladuma.net/cms2/image_manager/uploads/News/222064/7/default.jpg)
Konoplyanka
His reduced head hitbox is definitely a buff, not a tweak. Hitting his head was ridiculously easy.
Exactly. I will bitch and cry and moan about Spamzo's scatter fluke killing me, but if a hog hooks me, fair game.
Hi Melissa - Who do you think Jurgen wants as our left back? Or do you think he's happy to stick with Milly for next season?
Jesus.
Poor Jose Enrique, was good until his injuries and FIFA 15 caught up with him.
Fernando, Mangala, Nolito, Bravo, Patrick Roberts, Bony, Navas, Rodwell, Roque Santa Cruz. All bought for more than they were worth.
I hate the little snake cunt but for £49m he's worth every penny.
Thought it was £49m? Either way, solid business for both clubs involved.
Just piggybacking to give you the link to the interview: http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b08tb8v8?ns_mchannel=social&amp;ns_campaign=bbc_radio_1&amp;ns_source=twitter&amp;ns_linkname=radio_and_music - Starts around 1:12:00 Also two extracts if you can't listen in your country: About Vince and Limo's: https://twitter.com/BBCR1/status/877563906721406976 About The Rock: https://twitter.com/BBCR1/status/877560661529710592
Thanks pal.
Some butthurt guy disagrees clearly.
Scott Sinclair was Celtics player of the year if that doesn't say enough. Sure you get some good buys from up there like Wanyama or Van Dijk but for each of those there's a Jelavic or McGeady.
I wouldn't say plat. I'd say gold. High gold is where you start meeting people who kinda know what they're doing, plat is full of above average players and then you hit diamond and the salt really hits you from every angle. Source: climbed from silver to diamond over 3 seasons.
Best tournament by far. Memes, so many pro players, great casting, just an absolute blast. Watch it if you like competitive hearthstone and memes.
Muesli and one slice of toast. Unbuttered.
I have a few I'm missing, mainly ones I've de'd because I needed dust like ETC, Cho and the Beast.
[Me after seeing the lean](http://i.makeagif.com/media/10-05-2015/97wCj_.gif)
WHO NEEDS A DEFENCE LADS WHEN WE CAN SCORE 7 EACH GAME
Kolento has been DELETED.
There was another tome and definitely a frostbolt left in his deck. Odds are if he overdrew glyph he was getting one of those.
I'm not sure he had any minions left, I think there were definitely more spells than minions left. He had a frostbolt and tome left in the deck for sure.
Gerrard's best season was actually on the right wing under Benitez, he was on fire.
You could really see his regression in leg strength and the worry about how fragile his groin was. He never even attempted to smack a ball 06 FA Cup final equalizer style again, all of his shots became inside of the foot placement.
Oh man, I remember CTRL+F'ing the fuck out of that list.
This is always the correct line of thinking.
This, he's always talking to comments in his chat. Like literally all the time.
Mate have you met some HS players, pretty stupid is being kind to some of the people i've accepted friend requests from.
Click the "don't click here" monkaS
Now that i've got you, let's both revisit the birth of the d'oyly carte opera company.
He can be, but this news is all about us and how we want to operate regarding Moreno.
Yes
Hmm, but Ronaldinho would have been awesome straight away for you guys.
It's so easy to stream mate if you have a connection above say 3/4 meg. Trying not to sound condescending but if you need any help or where to go let me know. You might know all this anyway but thought I'd put it out there just in case.
Not sure if allowed to post so really sorry if not, but https://soccerstreams.net is your friend lads. You'll be watching a game in seconds.
Fair play. Unfortunately if you want to do that over here it eats a good £80 a month or so out your pocket.
I just came here to say that Renee looks really pretty on talking smack this week. That is all.
Fabian Delph ruined "I promise i'm staying" headlines for me. Now I don't believe anyone.
No, she's also amazing at her job.
Not the kind of exposing of Renee I was hoping for but i'm not disappointed with the outcome.
Mate even Simon Mignolet went beast mode in front of our joke of a defence. Bravo was just fucking awful.
All that is good but what about the window City got rich, signed Robinho who thought he had signed for someone else, and United kidnapped Berbatov at the airport.
I only called her pretty. I'm sure she'd enjoy a simple non vulgar comment about how she looked. I know I would.
Does this mean Chicago fire are out of the World Cup?
If it makes you feel better you brighten my day with your [when i'm Liverpool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bC0blVC_4Zo) videos. [Here is an apt screenshot of one of yours for you &lt;3](https://i.gyazo.com/3ee8a19dcd93225a3c1601706d7ded8c.png)
Will this work the same with HS pack changes too?
40m might not seem much now but two years ago it was good money to be fair.
Get the Blackroom hotel booked lads, Kloppo's been facetiming from under the sheets again.
Can drop from 100 feet in air as pharah without taking damage. Insta die down 15ft well.
I'm referring to saying you won three trophies last year mate.
I know lad but once one person gets it wrong the sheep do the same.
No, the original comment said THIS "treble" winning team, meaning the 3 trophies last year.
Are we having one of those intra-squad friendlies like they try to set up at the start of Football Manager?
Who's buying Matic for 40m? China I assume?
Yes, because he was saying the Bayern fan was downplaying the CURRENT United team because they beat them 20 years ago and he's still salty about it. How are you not following this?
It'll be more remembered for the slip than our amazing football unfortunately.
[I give up. I can't explain it any simpler to you.](http://i.imgur.com/Q0Xpjj8.gifv)
Mate have you tried counting a load of those new tenners. Wouldn't wish it on anyone.
LORD KLAVAN
WHY STOP THERE
When can we expect When i'm Klavan, /u/huge_hog ?
More goals than Messi and Ronaldo **COMBINED** this year.
Not saying it's karma but maybe Jason Puncheon will think twice before trying to slice someone in half next time.
Eh? Literally said I wasn't saying it's Karma, but it was a fucking horrible tackle worthy of a red card. It was malicious intent.
Most bad tackles are mistimed though, otherwise they'd be good tackles. The difference in this one is he's actually trying to foul him at the same time.
I don't have an understanding of football how exactly? I'm not saying anything that's wrong, you're just being weird. Also, see my comment regarding the Defour attempt at doing a Puncheon to Can yesterday in my profile if you like.
You didn't read my comment then, I said he should have been booked but Roger East didn't even do that.
Then don't make assumptions when talking about the comment I told you to read. Puncheon's tackle is worse because fortunately for Can Defour didn't get anywhere near the same amount of contact as Puncheon did on KDB. If he'd have scissored him at shin height a second after the ball had been played i'd probably think it was a red, yeah. And no, i'm not asking for Puncheon to be hung from the gallows and I explicitly stated it is NOT karma, you're just being really melodramatic for some reason.
Again, where did I say I was happy? You're really weird.
What about when used to make lasagna?
Ah yes, winter in Turkey can be quite cold.
Yeah up until this season that was by far his best season at any club. This season though, just wow.
&gt;&gt; Strange how all your comments were downvoted, but I'm the one with the warped views :s Wanna try that one again?
Just about 4th? Fuck off with that it’s some bullshit a trolling United or Arsenal fan would say. We’re closer to 2nd than 5th.
FIRST SHOT ~~ON TARGET~~
No despacito smh
fuck r/sports too what a goal
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?????
Just to say: I don't believe Firmino did, just Holgate seems to think he did. Firmino called him something else in his native tongue which sounded like the n word.
The title is literally true what's your issue?
Look at what he says, i'm a lip reader and even if I wasn't it's a fairly easy one mate.
I know he didn't do it, i'm saying Holgate did say that though.
Fair enough mate if you can't see it, but that's what he says. And Liverpool have actually released a statement after me posting this saying they will co-operate with investigations into it.
And the referee .5 yards away.
It's true, like 80% have been in the premiership now. Crazy hard league.
Unhappy that he's gone but happy it's all fucking over. Onwards and hopefully upwards for us, we're still in great shape.
Take my upvote and fuck off.
Nah it's great.
CUPSET
Remember when Beckford knocked Utd out at Old Trafford? Only time i've ever cheered a Leeds win.
Like when Leeds knocked Utd out at Old Trafford when they were in League 1. Still didn't know whether to cheer the underdog, was a confusing time.
We all hate Leeds scum gets sang fucking everywhere. I was at a Courteeners gig where Liam Fray had to stop and say "yeah me too but I also hate football chants at my gigs so fuck off".
It's Harry Kane obviously.
BBC have said it was straight red. Strange. Edit: It's possible he was already booked and was given a straight red anyways.
I'm showered Robbie
Been a while fam.
Just look at the difference between theirs and Spurs teams today and Spurs were playing at home against weaker opposition, and played 2 times in 48 hours on Tuesday and Thursday. What did Arsene expect?
True, but this allegation revolves around skin colour, when they're pretty much the same skin colour. Bonkers.
Yeah but he'd had to have Jonjo Kenny in defense and Rob Elliot in goal tbf
mate mate mate mate mate
Mate if you think that word isn't used by morons who see any black person and call them it then you're the one being stupid here. Racist people don't know their fucking history or care where the people who they are abusing were from. They just see a skin colour and abuse them.
I clearly said this particular allegation is about skin colour. A particular branch of racism. What's so hard to understand?
No.
Look if you're going to constantly ignore the fact that I agreed with you with my first reply by saying "true" then I don't know what I can tell you. You're weird and passive aggressive and I no longer wish to continue a conversation with someone who ignores salient parts of what i've said to fit some sort of agenda.
You go. I stay.
Missed out the biggest fan we have, Daniel Agger. Reportedly turned down big moves away when he was one of the better defenders in the league because he became such a huge fan. Tatooed YNWA on his knuckles after Barca rumours IIRC.
Top comment is like 200 votes haha
*[dances in pardew](https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/2881267.main_image.jpg?strip=all)*
Fair, but he'd probably get more money and a free premier league winners medal for moving right now, and arguably a better chance in the CL, but that's not to say United don't have a chance of course.
Yeah but us shitting the bed isn't the same as refs fucking us over.
Yeah but that's not the same as the Everton or Watford games at all, that was all our own doing, you can't put that in the same category as games where refs fucked us over.
Ah right, because you lumped it in with games where refs fucked us over that's all.
Hey you'd take that meme being true right now.
The 2nd greatest player alive behind Lord Ragnar?
https://jokideo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Best-of-Funny-David-Moyes-Sacked-Man-utd-Jokes-Pictures-3.jpg
I wish, it’s the 3pm-7pm shift. Tea as in dinner tho cos British.
Reaches for downvo... never mind.
Anyone else count the bows to make sure?
We've already signed him for the summer, surely he should have just said "he's coming in the summer and thats all" if nothing was going on. PASS THE COAL
Paul Scholes
Dont forget Big Girls (You are beautiful).
Good job he can't win PL POTM in Madrid. You're safe Stevie....
He can feed his whole African village for a month.
He's not that good of a cunt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hSbMes3EvE
WILLIAMS, SEGA, WILLIAMS.... AMADOU CLOSING IN!!!!! KEITA SIGNS IN STOPPAGE TIME!
Yeah, slightly. At least he's going to play though.
You wouldn't have said Bryan was a "great" talker either but he's doing fine. Hopefully Paige can improve and focus on that.
I don't know how to begin with this one..
When he left Cech for dead in that 4-4. Van Der Saar in the 1-4 too.
Did you see the Keita "liverpool kit" article today? lmao
He got a freak eye injury and wasn't the same for us after if I remember correctly.
It’s more of a loud prolonged AAAAAAAAARRRRRGGGHH
Sign da new ting.
I felt so sorry for him breaking the back line with perfect runs and never getting passed to.
Easy game lads honest......
Mate the games over and I still feel they can come back.
I understood this reference!
75th minute after keeping Sterling in his pocket and Robertson Carlos goes and does this. What a performance.
If i'm feeling flush Thai Chilli Sensations are the way to go.
I HAVE BURIED THE KARMA WHERE YOU WILL NEVER FIND IT
This guy thrifts.
lol wtf he sent him off too?
Man I haven't really liked Barca lately but god damn I love me a good Real bash.
The next galactico.
Why would our players be commenting on that if it were the case?
Dunno if you're serious like but I doubt they'd be bragging about it on social media if he'd just signed for another club.
Have a word lad losing self respect over copy pasting a joke
And you came to this conclusion from a copy pasted joke, good job like.
Why would you want us to have him?
Don’t understand why Liverpool would rather let him go for free than give him a release clause. Even a £20m release clause is better than letting him go for nothing.
Why is Nicky butt all of a sudden my hero. Also, was England’s best player in the 2002 WC after gerrard got injured before the tournament.
[Nah, bit like when he announced Barca had signed him when he went on a stadium tour and their manager replied with a video saying "yeah like fuck lad see you in training monday"](https://twitter.com/RyanMcL2/status/881212616479309825)
Ahhhhhhhhhh.. Salmon skin roll
Rashford and lingard weren’t given their chance under mourinho, they were already established before he got there. Lingard has improved under him to be fair.
Is Pogba counted for these stats? Unsure whether he should count, technically United academy but developed elsewhere into the player he is. Just genuinely curious.
Didn’t he score you the goal that won LVG his fa cup final?
Final is the key word to be honest, you play your better players in the fa cup final, it was your most important game that season. Exceptions to that rule are keepers who only get played in cup games. Either way he was there and playing football for the United first team before Jose got there, which is the point.
Mate he appeared 40 times for United that season, I don't care if you class it as "bit part" he was established under LVG and improved with Mourinho. Why are you arguing against fact?
You've got a good player on your hands there lads, think he'll boss the championship.
Was it football skill envy or just because he is one beautiful man. I'd go gay for that magnificent beard.
[Maybe it's the pout](https://i.gyazo.com/44c281513e7f9ff202a12b74f5257aa2.png)
Could easily have 6 more points and 13 wins out of 14 if we didn't get fucked in the Everton and West Brom games or shit the bed at Arsenal. Actually come to think of it the other draw was a result of Willian's complete fluke goal. Fine margins eh.
Imagine having a perfect target man type world class forward and fucking him off for no reason.
He wants to move to Barcelona
Michael Owen repeatedly said he was going to sign a new contract but never did, let it run into the last year before we said "we've seen this one before, let's cash in now" and got £8m for him which was peanuts for 24 year old Michael Owen.
Expecting Man City to equalise any minute now.
Is he going to be the coach they park in front of their defense?
Why can I not figure out what this is
Man I even had to get the emoji up on my phone and even after that it took me 30 seconds. I'm getting old lads.
Best bot
Man he fucking had Wengers number with Bolton for something like 4 years. Seem to remember Stelios scoring against you lot a few times.
The 1 time out of 10 per game he stays onside will be worth it in the long run.
You take that back about Super Jonjo Kenny. Fantasy football signing of the season for me.
Interesting timing.
Mate you were desperate for City last week just admit you want the money we wont mind like.
And Burnley were challenging for the Champions League places 2 months ago, things change. The season is 38 games long, they're not "clearly" second best. I don't want to be that guy but if you had to guess at anyone finishing second based on current form it would be Liverpool, but even that could change.
Difference in what quality? Player for player? If we lined them up they'd probably have 6-5 or 7-4 in a combined XI now Phil has gone, but that's not all that matters; Leicester being the biggest example I could give.
I did say things could change, I was giving an example. 3 points better off is not "clear" second best, it's one game where you won and we didn't. United are a good side I just don't think you can label them as clearly the second best team in the league, that's all.
People hate on what was good for a long time, they dominated for 15 years. We still get hated on albeit nowhere near as much as we used to and we haven't had a period like that for 25, it's all one big cycle.
They're second in the table. That is a fact. If they are there at the end of the season they can claim to be the second best team in the league.
Exactly, that's why I said we wouldnt mind.
I signed Axel Witsel for years on football games when I was younger and still called him Alex Witsel until about 5 years ago. Was convinced it was Alex Witsel.
Don't blame you. Correct order for caring is Your team or how it effects them &gt; Memes &gt; Fantasy football points &gt; Other teams you kinda like
I have shirts with Owen, Mascherano, Alonso and Torres on them. I gave up after Torres.
Plus look at the difference in him, he looks 10x better now too. Dude is pure fucking muscle now.
Man the downvotes you got. Imagine coming onto reddit and not knowing your memes.
Memes are a universal language my friend
Does that mean /u/Screw_pandas has kicked someone in the face or not? I'm lost.
Jesus you're rude.
This chain is.. interesting.
I bet him to be #1 and Iron Man Sunday at 25/1. He's gonna have a big rumble or at least a big spot in it (maybe eliminating Cena for example).
Mate I got 3k karma last week for copying and pasting from our sub into here. I have no regrets.
Mate Jelavic scored 16 in 23 for rangers one season.
That's 20% of the amount of time football has existed tbf.
Who'd you guys get this round like
Just Liverpool things tbf.
We have (or had? not quite sure now after the city game) the 2nd best home defensive record in the league, only 5 teams have conceded less than us in total. Sure our defence isn't the best in the league but it's not the complete shitshow everyone likes to say it is.
This game is at home which is why I brought it up.
ARE THEY FUCKING MOVING OVER?!
"wide open goal" lmao
Is Aubameyang coming on for Welbeck before the hour mark or after?
What's his best karaoke song?
Plan B is Auba replacing Welbeck in the 65th minute.
2nd fastest.
Today is a good day
He didn't look injured, you don't put your arm around a player and talk to them for a few seconds after looking furious on the touchline and hauling him off.
The united official twitter isn't going to say "because he didnt follow Mourinho's instructions" is it?
If I was hauled off i'd head straight down the tunnel furious but also to give the impression I was injured.
Valencia was playing?!
"Thanks for making me feel right at home lads"
Arsenal 6th. Checks out.
I like our new policy of buying sexy goalkeepers. I swear i'm straight.
~~OKAY HERE YOU GO~~ Here's another Ultimate Team mode!
It was good money
Our concussed goalkeeper having a now understandable couple of brainfarts.
I thought he had a good season last year though? He'd well deserved an extension based on that to be fair. Not Pep's fault he suddenly turned into Portsmouth era Kanu during pre season.
Just when you think the meme couldn't be funny again.
That story where he couldn't use his legs after flying on a plane and having to be wheelchaired home makes me laugh every time. Dude was at least 45.
French? ✔️ Sounds like he could also be African? ✔️ What are we waiting for lads?
F
If Big Dick Dom puts in another pre season like last i'm ready to give him the crown.
My mate got 960 euros for £1000 at Manchester Airport Sunday. Fucking amateur,
That’s what I told him to do. Apparently because he only needed 1000 euros he thought what’s the point in booking 😂
They have confirmed they won’t be increasing the cost of prime. Awesome news.
You can pay one off monthly for prime. It’s not a subscription as you can cancel anytime. It’s £7.99 but you also get unlimited free next day delivery, amazon prime movies and tv shows and the music. To be honest if you order anything off amazon and don’t already have prime you’re missing out.
Loving Liverpool’s business this summer. Here’s an early call: they finish above Everton this season.
Kezman too. 105 in 122 for PSV and 4 in 25 for Chelsea.
Not the 5pm news I expected. Good luck to Emre and his fabulous hair. Flanno can fuck right off.
Careful his mum might be a lurker.
Don't forget the whipped cross from the corner of the area to the back post. Fucking loves that one.
Same man. like 2 inches flaccid almost 6 erect. Good girth like but if you saw me get out the shower you'd be like bro where's your dick.
**Benjamin Paul Ballance\-Drew** (born 22 October 1983), primarily known as **Plan B** or **Ben Drew**, is an English [hip hop](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hip_hop_music) recording artist, actor, film director and producer. He first emerged as a [hip hop](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hip_hop_music) recording artist releasing his critically acclaimed debut album [*Who Needs Actions When You Got Words*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Who_Needs_Actions_When_You_Got_Words) in 2006. His second studio album, [*The Defamation of Strickland Banks*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Defamation_of_Strickland_Banks) (2010), was a [soul](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soul_music) record and went straight to number one on the [UK Albums Chart](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UK_Albums_Chart). He has also collaborated with other artists such as [Chase &amp; Status](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chase_%26_Status), most notably on the 2009 top ten single "[End Credits](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End_Credits)".
"You'll make some girl really happy one day!"
Shaqiri was being signed regardless.
Crazy how bad his finishing used to be. He'd absolutely steamroll through people and then scuff his shot terribly. Then one season is just all clicked and voila.
Man that's impressive that you recognised that.
Sturridge isn't even as good when healthy now. He's had periods over the past couple seasons but he just isn't doing it when playing. He's lost his explosiveness and is afraid to really go all out sprinting. It's honestly a huge shame and really sad to see.
Unfortunately can confirm. There's one particular image of my mother that haunts me still and I haven't really talked about it, but I think it's the moment she finally realised it was the end for her. She'd had lung cancer and it had spread to her brain and she'd all of a sudden gone downhill pretty quickly, to the point where she wasn't making sense and stuff and didn't really understand what was going on. She got taken into hospital because of a leg infection of all things (horsefly bites used to send her there all the time even before she was ill), and she's laying there in the hospital bed, her eye sight had started to go too because of the tumour on her brain, and she's talking to me. "When I get out of here we need to go and see the optician because my eyes are bad" \- she didn't say it as eloquently as that, her speech is slurred and she's struggling to find the right words. All of a sudden she turns to look at me and grabs my hand, and she just stares at me for a good 30 seconds and squeezes my hand tighter. It's in that moment I feel like everything came into place in her head and she could think properly and she just understood that she wasn't getting out of hospital again. So yeah, having to sit through things like this, you're honestly sometimes not sure whether or not your loved one would have just been knocked over one day. There's no right way to have someone die who is a part of your life and I don't know which i'd have preferred.
Then spent 3 months out last season. Knee injuries or concerns really do fuck up your entire leg, if the rest of the leg is working harder so that your knee doesn't give way it's a recipe for disaster.
Is Ox really "plagued"? What was his record at Arsenal like?
It's almost as good as being posted on our website.
A N N O U N C E R E U S
The article states there is speculation as to why, but \[insert quote from OP\].
One game made Karius's career to be fair.
“I could have managed Real or Barcelona” MANAGES BOTH AT THE SAME TIME TO WORLD CUP GLORY
I bet you have Spotify premium too. You make me sick.
Saved PagChomp
She's usually doing her own thing but she was watching today, probably because his DS streams are a fucking goldmine.
Make sure Ramos hasn't elbowed the poor lad
What if it's Despacito 2?
Was... Was one of them "fuck Ramos"?!
Wrong young black Everton player. Was Holgate. Omg now you're racist too!
To be fair he wasn't far off paralyzing Aiden English the last time he did it, but it was kind of both of their faults.
So the Dutch still don't qualify?
Maybe the *next* England manager will get Gerrard and Lampard playing well together...
Dom had 21 league appearances last year, considering his position and our options there that's some game time.
When the Tunisian keeper punched trippier(?) and got a foul, then the ref starts fucking laughing and smiling with him when he got up. What the actual fuck.
That Croatian midfield is possibly one of the best in the tournament to be fair.
He's sent his cousin off to buy him the Magic Mike DVD. Just you wait until 2 weeks time.
Did Miles give Eriksen one of his goals?
How do I see flairs in new reddit :(
HYPERDANSGAME
God fucking dammit
I have the height almost nailed down at least.
If he's having a good day he can be really fucking good. Bossed Salah at OT, admittedly with help from other players to make sure he wasn't 1v1 too often, but still did a great job.
It's instantly the thing I notice whenever I watch him play for Spurs. You cannot get the fucking ball off that man.
Vieira just did whatever the fuck he wanted to do and you weren't stopping him either.
He's said he wants to be at the next world cup, just not with Iran. He wants to be the first person to take 5 different teams to the World Cup Finals.
apology for poor english when were you when germany was kill i was sat at home drinking Gaffel Kölsch when jurgen call german is kill nein
apology for poor english when were you when germany was kill i was sat at home drinking Gaffel Kölsch when jurgen call german is kill nein
Surprised that they actually tried to pay the taxes in the first place tbf.
I didn’t even know Corbin won it
Now for Brazil to go out and everyone can fuck off and watch football instead of wanking off over individuals.
Check you out with your 4k. Bet you have Spotify premium too.
He had a proper wank game to be honest.
I wonder how great his sadness would be if they go out.
Good job at only wanking off, he'd suffocate if it was in his mouth.
