I think you think you're over your issues, your trying to be your own counselor which is never a good idea. One of the great things about seeing a therapist is they can help you see things that you can't see yourself, they are a critical part in the recovery process. 1. Work on yourself. 2. See a therapist. 3. Become happy with yourself. 4. THEN seek out a partner.
I don't have a lot of advice for you...but this line is bullshit " "well I'm working but I'll come out after, but Dan has a date" and he got pretty annoyed with me. I was teasing him and trying to be lighthearted about the situation." You weren't being light-hearted...you made a dig at him and were being passive aggressive.
Seems like he only cares about you when you're going to be the spotlight to others. Oh, a family reunion? Here, this is my daughter to show off that I love. Oh, whats that? A wedding? Of course my wonderful daughter is there. Then when you actually need him, he bails on you. Up to you if you want, he probably just wants to show you off so he can pretend he was actually a father to you in some capacity.
Hotelier - Home, Like No Place There Is Great album, I'm a cranky 33 year old man who really dislikes a lot of new music. Loved this album though.
If someone shows that they are selfish and lack empathy, that is only going to be a bigger issue later down the road, when life becomes more stressful and requires more sacrifices. Jump ship.
I hope you didn't make your dog listen to the Red Wedding, poor thing.
Our cat wasn't a fan of our dog at all. We put up a baby gate that the cats can fit under but the dog can't, they then slowly started getting along more. Cats can often take a longgg time to adjust.
Completely agree, however, the vast majority of large cities and suburbs surrounding those cities have leash laws.
Huh? It doesn't, we're talking about a public park, not an off-leash dog park or an off-leash area.
I'm still a bit confused, he is referring to taking his dog off-leash at a public park, not an off-leash park or off-leash area...?
Sorry, now I feel bad :(, I'm sure your pup is great and I'd love to see a pic of them
You're controlling your temper by suppressing it, not by actually solving the problem. Also, blaming your mom for how you act is a cop out (even if it is true). Get in therapy, find out why you are the way you are, get an idea of where this anger comes from, learn about yourself and through that you can start being kinder to others. Also, an antidepressant might help, sadness isn't the only sign of depression, lashing out/irritability is as well.
Thanks for nitpicking one point in the argument, read the rest of it and get back to me.
That the Blair Witch Project or other found footage films could actually be real, just wouldn't happen anymore.
I just don't worry about the day, everything can wait till tomorrow, I just let everything go. If you're the worrying type, you're going to have issues sleeping, always.
The likelihood of your parents changing is very low. Hell, they probably still like your original name since they gave it to you. I'd just try to let it go.
Thought about getting a dog? If you're lonely and around a lot, a dog can help a lot with those feelings. Plus, dog parks are a great place to meet other people as you already have a shared interest and the same people typically come over and over again, hang in there.
I doubt you left out the cheating because of some moral high ground, you just didn't want to fess up to it and have your kids find out about it and your relationship implode in violent fashion. It probably would have given him a lot more closure on the relationship to know you essentially betrayed him and then decided you wanted a divorce.... Anyway, that's all besides the point, why bother telling him about your current relationship.
The relationship was passionate, it was full of great highs and great lows, that can often be addicting for people as the highs are higher than most relationships get to.
I used to take my dog for several walks a day and he was still wild. We started taking him to an active doggy daycare two days a week and that has completely changed his disposition and saved our sanity. It costs us close to 50 dollars a week but the behaviour change has been priceless.
My girlfriend and I both work full time, 8-5pm every day. Here is some of my advice 1. Find a breed that fits the energy level you can handle. If you get a high energy dog, be prepared to take them to the dog park for a few hours everyday. 2. Consider crate training early on, just because you can't handle the idea of being boxed up in a crate all day, doesn't mean a dog feels the same way. Its a fantastic way to potty train a dog and many dogs like their kennels as it provides them security and solitude. 3. Consider doggy daycare a few days a week. We have our dog go to doggy daycare on Tuesdays and Thursdays and he comes home completely exhausted and happy. This costs around 50 dollars a week, we alternate dropping him off and picking him up. 4. 30 minutes over lunch is fine, you're right, puppies can't hold their bladder. You will need to go home to let him out. 5. It sounds like you have a yard, I'd invest in an invisible fence at least, its very very very very nice to just let the dog out when it needs to go out or to just hang out in the yard and let the dog play. Good luck! Edit: One more thing, start off more strict and get more lax as time goes on. Sure, you might want a puppy in your bed but do you want a full grown dog sleeping with you every night? I'm of the opinion that you start teaching behaviours that you want early, then start giving them more slack as they get older and you find what you want your dog to actually do. For instance, our dog didn't go in our bed for the first 3 months, now that is he is fully crate trained, we let him sleep in with us every now and again on the weekend. Its much harder to train behaviour down the road, just my two cents.
Sounds like you're doing all you can in that realm, sorry he is still so wild :(. In my opinion, its ok for a dog to be pretty wild at the dog park, as long as he/she doesn't play aggressively, even if he/she likes to wrestle, that's totally cool!
Yeah, I call it life.
I'd say about 50% attendance from a Facebook invite is pretty standard.
Eh, there will always be a bad time for this stuff. If anything, she will have the promotion to hopefully help her through this process? You've been together for 1.5 years, there is no easy way about this.
Hey, 34m here, got out of a 3 year relationship and hit the online dating sites fairly heavy for a time. You did nothing wrong, he was just never that into you; hard as that is to hear. I'm not sure why he spoke to you in that way, especially if he wasn't just trying to get you to sleep with him. Some people act really fucking crazy in rebound relationships. They end up projecting their fears about their old relationship onto the new person or jump headlong into something hot and heavy as it feels so good to feel something other than misery. Long story short, it isn't your fault and there was nothing you could have done.
Great story, also, you sound like a really fun guy to party with.
Everyone in this post is ignoring that they share the same friends group...which is going to make things extremely awkward. You moved on, casually, to another friend in your friend group. That is kinda tactless, regardless of how your relationship ended. If you need to date casually to get over things, expect it to blow up in your face if you go about it in this manner....
Sure, I totally get that. I don't know, I mean, if he is going to remain in that friend group, it might make more sense to get some 'strange' from online dating, rather than someone else in that friend group. I don't know...regardless, he's going to be thinking that you had a thing for this 'friend' the whole time and it's just going to make him feel terrible. I assume that, even though the relationship ended, you still have some level of respect for him. If you need some strange or whatever, hit up Tinder like the rest of us soulless devils.
Watch what you call my father, sir.
He respects you, doesn't push your boundaries and you love him. Realistically, you are 19 and will not end up with him....but, this sounds like a lot better situation to lose your virginity in than most cases. Just make sure you feel ok and it's something you want to do.
I drink a fair amount, usually only on weekends though and rarely by myself. Every now and again I'll drink while I game. Drinking every night like that is not normal or healthy. You will literally become addicted to alcohol at some point...not to mention you give your body zero breaks from alcohol. I noticed I'm a bit more bored of games these days. I only really play them when I am drinking as it makes them more fun. Do you think you're maybe bored and need some new hobbies? Find different ways o embrace life?
Well, I hate to say it, but I just stopped gaming mostly. For instance, I kinda wanted to drink and game the other night but I went for a walk around the lake with my dog instead...which I ended up enjoying a lot more, which kind of surprised me. You're getting older, it's no surprise that games just don't do what they used to for you. In reality, they're manly just a distraction from life (this is from someone who used to game a ton). Just get outside more, read more, try to find things that give you natural joy. Also, when start drinking less during the week you're going to feel much better in general, I promise.
People will notice how you act and respect it. If she is passive aggressive or insults you, just be respectful but straight forward. Stuff like "I'm sorry you're upset with me, I still respect you and hope we can get along." or "Please don't put me down like that in front of the group. Can't we all have fun like we used to?" When people see you act respectful and kind to her aggression, she'll either stop or your friends will get sick of her.
It's hard to describe the layout of this machine. It does have slots for holding an Olympic style bar as well as the 'Smith' bar. Edit: Like this [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg)
I don't know, the machine is designed to function in this way, edited the OP [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/0HdB1yh.jpg) Yeah, it was dumb to lock the bar up above instead of finding a way to set it below. I am used to this type of post in /Fitness though, judgement, putting people down, etc etc, thanks.
Yeah, absolutely...I guess that is why I created this post. I just figured that people use these type of machines to help 'spot' them. They are failing, twist the bar and lock it into place. I guess I just assumed it would be safe to lock it into place with no weight. Just want to help other people not make the same mistake. I'm certainly no genius, but people make mistakes/assumptions and it can bite you in the ass sometime. Just hope people can understand that instead of tearing me to pieces.
When someone tells you what they are, believe them. Anyway, I can tell you the amount of guys that have a fwb that turns into a relationship...approximately 0. People have fwb relationships for a lot of reasons. Mainly because they aren't ready for a relationship or they are willing to have sex with someone but would never want to date them. Stop doing this to yourself and move on.
This is the age we live in. Someone is asking for advice on dealing with a girlfriend who is constantly on Instagram instead of living life. Post comments are filled with people looking for tips on how to get more Instagram followed. Pls kill me.
Consider that she gets everything she wants at this point. She married him long enough so she is entitled to a hefty sum in the divorce. Next, she gets your forgiveness and acceptance. Money and complete forgiveness, what more could she want? That being said, it may be worthwhile to hear her out, just to see what excuses she has.
Absolutely...also, the OP notes that he diagnosed himself based on some online quizzes. I don't think that is how this works...
I don't even know if 'dated briefly' is the right term to use here. You went on one date with her. One of the more interesting pieces of advice I've heard over the past several years relates to scenarios like these. It's not a friendship if one of the 'friends' wants to be with the other 'friend' romantically. The nature of the relationship is completely different. Compare it to any of the other platonic relationships in your life and you'll quickly see the difference. If you want to pine over a girl who uses you for friendship and dates other men, that's up to you. I'd use your only source of power here, which is to break off contact. On a side note, the friendship only means so much to you because you're looking through it from a romantic filter, not a friendship filter.
Yeah, I actually had a bit of problem the opposite way. I'm a 34 year old guy and did a fair amount of online dating. I ended up with someone I really like but still liked several women as friends. Then I realized it wasn't really fair to them because some of them still liked me and I could tell they did...and we just had to end up cutting the friendship. Your 'friend' is being selfish as well. She wants your friendship but doesn't want a relationship and doesn't seem concerned about how that affects these other guys mentally. Online dating isn't a good mechanism to make friends.
You seem beyond irate at this point and way too hung up on technicalities. You guys need therapy. Edit: Also, telling your husband to do something then giving him a hard time about it later is not good. That's being passive aggressive which is worse than just being clear with your feelings up front.
I'm a 34 year old man My brother died of Lymphoma 4 years ago My sister is an alcoholic who was a rage monster as a teenager and is now blaming my parents for all her problems. Do what I do, find a partner with a good family and leech on to them and never let go.
I think this is one of the very few times I actually enjoyed a comment so much that I laughed. Bravo!
My girlfriend hit on me, I'm 34 and this is the first time I've been in love. We've been dating for 7 months, keep up the good work.
As long as you're being honest with yourself. Youre at an age where self image and eating disorders are rampant. Losing 20lbs in 2 months, especially to such a low weight is...quite a bit.
I kind of look at it this way. The wedding is about the bride and groom. Whatever you can do to make their lives easier, you do it. I'd personally sit this one out...if he is in the wedding and alcohol is his demon, lord knows he'll be drinking at the reception and could potentially cause a scene. You've absolutely done the right thing by making this decision and you shouldn't have to suffer for it...but I'd still avoid going at this point.
With how expensive education is these days, people absolutely must...must feel that there money was well spent. There is no other way than college. If they don't have that to hold onto, they would throw themselves off the Golden Gate bridge.
You have a wife and 4 children. You've already gotten dangerously close to an emotional affair...then you start texting the same person, AGAIN?! Get a fucking grip dude. Stop. Talking. To. Natalie.
A relationship should rarely be looked at as a 'waste'. If anything, you've learned what you need out of a partner and learned a lot about yourself. Hang in there.
I disagree, I consider myself very emotionally detached and therapy helped a great deal. I don't think you two need couples therapy yet...but I would recommend that he talk to someone to wade through his childhood and let him know that it is ok to feel things and to express his emotions. He's so used to dealing with everything himself, he doesn't know how to be empathetic or to rely on others when he is hurting.
You don't mention therapy anywhere in your post? This is exactly the type of thing that therapy is there for. It makes a huge difference, promise.
Hah, I actually think you're right tbh.
I think it's really important for you to understand that your relationship with your therapist is unique. Not every therapist is going to be right for you. The first few I met with...I couldn't stand. I didn't even understand what they could possibly do for me. Then I met my current therapist. We just clicked immediately and she really helped nail some things that I didn't even realize (mainly, I'm not as weird as I think I am as well as some childhood stuff). Your happiness is probably the most important thing in your life. It's worth meeting with some various therapists to help you achieve that. Also, I'm 34, I didnt start therapy until 32. You have plenty of time and are still a very young man. Good luck.
Yeah, it's still hard as hell, especially with the Alien Hunters DLC. Once you get to a point in the game where you get Psy units or a really good squad, it gets a lot easier. It's just getting up to that point that kills you.
Well, your old friend from high school approached you in a romantic manner...you rebuffed him and now he wants to meet for coffee to discuss the past? If he just approached you wanting to catch up, that's one thing. But it seems like he has a romantic interest.
You're delusional if you think this ends well. Imagine if your boyfriend was in your shoes, acting the same way with a woman he used to sleep with? You'd be furious (and rightly so).
This seems to be a common thread in the Indian culture unfortunately. You're absolutely entitled to feel how you feel...and it seems to be more about how you think she views you more than how many partners she has had. You want to be someone that she thinks is fun, part of her experience of living life and being happy...not just a safety net. If you like her a lot, you should give her a chance to speak her mind though.
Do you think he's just scared about working after living his adult life as a 'professional student' to some degree? I know a lot of people have a hard time with that transition.
My girlfriend wears fake lashes sometimes, it makes her feel good. Know what I did for her once? Stopped at Walgreens on the way to her house and got her more, as she was out and wanted to wear them on a night we went out together. Because she likes them and I like her, that is my focus. Anyway, I hate to say it, but this happens a lot when guys around 30 or so go for college aged girls. They know that they are more trusting and don't have the relationship background to understand what is ok and what is not ok. He knows he can pressure you and try to manipulate you to doing what he wants. I'm glad you at least see there is something wrong here. I don't think it's about hating the eyelashes as much as you doing what he wants. He wants you to not wear the eyelashes...next, he wants you to get your haircut how he likes, next it will be you not working while he pays for everything so he can keep you reliant on him...then you wake up in 10 years wondering what the hell happened.
Absolutely not...I guess you can offer your other daughter 12k for corrective surgery of her choice as well? That would be the closest comparison. Are you sure this is about your husband wanting to give your other daughter 12k or more about him not wanting to spend the money on your daughters eye surgery in the first place?
You're kind of making the situation about you. You said he is under a great deal of personal and financial stress and wanted the weekend to himself. Even if it's just picking up a water bottle, that is kind-of impinging on that agreement....and he probably assumes that it was just a reason for you to get to see him and not give him space (then were further angered, by him not seeing you, which is what he asked for in the first place). Let this be about him. He wanted the space, you agreed to it and now you're mad about it. You should be able to be there to support him but people are entitled to personal time as well, especially if they respectfully request it. As you said, you have your own issues with an abusive father. I did find it strange that you leapt to your boyfriend being an abuser rather than realizing you might be misunderstanding the situation to some degree based off of the abuse you experienced as a child. Feel free to leave the relationship but I am guessing this issue is just as much about you and how you are as it is about him.
How many lives do you get? 5, 10, 15? Wait...1? Life is too short to be married to someone you're not even sure you want to be with. You only get one, make it count.
This is something I wouldn't be very comfortable with either. For some people, it can be tough when their SO is friends with people they used to have a relationship with or sleep with. There really isn't anything you can do about it. It's possible that he may become more comfortable as time goes on...but he may not. Maybe if you could have a slight compromise? Promise to never hang out with them one on one and only hang out with them in a group setting? Just trying to think of options that could work for him while still allowing you to keep your friendships. I don't think his feelings are irrational. I think it's perfectly rational to feel uncomfortable being around ex lovers of current partners. You should also note that you're the one looking for all the sacrifice. That's not the 'adult' solution, that is you simply getting what you want and he, not. Would you be ok if half a dozen of his close friends were women he used to date or sleep with? Really think hard about that. One more note, just because it didn't work out, doesn't mean some of these guys don't hold a flame for you still, especially if you were the one to end things with them. Just because you feel that there is zero interest, doesn't mean it's the same from their perspective. Good luck.
Hrmmm...yeah, that is a really tough one. I'm in a situation where I'm dating someone who is a bit of a local fashion/arts celebrity. She has guys hitting on her constantly and it took me a long time to get over that and fully trust her. Then again, neither of us hang out with our exes or really engage with them in any way. This is something a lot of people struggle with and there really isn't a good solution. Time can help or just trying to be aware of your boyfriends feelings can help I guess. Some of the hardest problems to solve are where both parties aren't wrong but still feel a certain way. I'd still recommend trying to put some limitations on your friendships with these exes though. Whether it be only hanging out with them in group settings or whatever, I think it would make your boyfriend feel better. Maybe be a little more PDA with your boyfriend when around these exes? Just to make sure he knows he is your priority? Hrmm...
You seem really frustrated but I'm also concerned with how you view women in regard to relationships and their value in them. To give you the benefit of the doubt, I feel like you're using your current relationship experience to make a blanket statement about most women in general (lazy, don't make any money, don't contribute enough)...you start thinking like that too often and you're going to turn into a person you and everyone else will dislike (with good reason). You're seething with resentment right now. You need to talk to your girlfriend and make some decisions. My guess, it's probably not only money causing your issues.
I'm 34 and make about 90k. My girlfriend is kind, hosts and plans events to help people be kind to each other and makes more money than me. Thank god there are people like her because a world run by guys like me (and you) would probably be shite. Regardless, there is more to appreciate about a partner other than the amount of money they make.
Is it fake troll post day? At least write an interesting narrative.
This is one of those things that is fairly easily helped by a good therapist. Meet wit someone, save your relationship and your sanity.
Luckily, we're people and we have the ability to change. Maybe get into therapy to find out why you use sarcasm as a defense mechanism? Don't give up on yourself.
Your partner will never have all of the same 'likes' that you have. That is why it is really unfair to put your entire life into a single person. Your relationship should be the most important thing in your life, but not your only means of satisfaction. That is what friends are for (in your instance, foreign films and talking about books). As far as weight goes...that is often part of a relationship. Everyone tends to put on some lbs after a while. Fourty to fifty seems a bit excessive though. I'm a 34m and I don't want children. This topic comes up within the first month of dating someone. It's a pretty big deal breaker and you should have talked about this a long time ago. Since that ship has sailed, feel free to open the discussion by asking him what he thinks about kids and then bringing in your opinion during that conversation. What's wrong with you? Who knows. There is something wrong with each and every one of us in various ways. I wouldn't focus on you being inherently broken. If anything, you should realize that you at least have the insight to understand that you're kind of fucked up in some way or another. One problem I do notice though, you do seem to live a lot in your head. You are telling us things, very important things, that you haven't brought up to your partner at all (and you've been dating 1.5 YEARS!!). You need to be more up front with what you're looking for in a relationship and what some of your deal breakers are. Just a few tips 1. Your relationship should not be the only thing that fulfills you in your life. You can't look at one person to provide your sole sense of purpose and happiness (whether that is through activities, shared interests, whatever). 2. Talk about these 'deal breaker' type issues early on in a relationship. You shouldn't be wondering if he wants kids when you don't after a year and a half. That is not good. 3. Stop worry about how messed up you are. It's unhealthy and skews your perspective on life. You've already been through therapy and seem to have made a lot of progress. Were you honest with your therapist about all your feelings? Maybe it is time to go back again. 4. You're a strong and independent woman (obviously). Don't be afraid to be by yourself and wait for exactly what you want to come to you. Don't feel like you need a relationship to define your existence. When you're happy by yourself, then you're ready for a relationship. Besides all of that, maybe you should try to date a different type of guy if all your exes seem to be in similar fields or just similar types of guys in general. I'm dating a girl who is different from anyone else I've ever dated and I found it's exactly what I've been missing. She is quirky and doesn't take life too seriously...I've always dated somewhat serious women who wanted family and I found out that simply isn't what I wanted. Anyway, longest reply ever, godspeed (or spaghetti monster speed, since you're not religious).
I'm 34 years old and just got over my own shit about 1 year ago, don't panic, good luck : )
Not a very good analogy. When I look at my Facebook feed, your wall posts are put in front of me. Would be more akin to you writing something at home and sliding it under the door of each of your friends or acquaintances....it might just be a generational thing though. I'm 34 and my friends and I use it mostly for posting vacation pics, announcements, invites, things going on in our lives. Maybe the younger generation uses it more for a political platform? Not sure.
I'm guessing it has something to do with how that bikini ass pic looks.
It would be one thing if he had a bunch of partners and was pissed because she did as well. He has had 3 partners and wanted someone with a similar background. That's the difference.
Therapy pretty much exists because of how people were raised as children. So many of our problems stem from childhood and our upbringing. What I learned through therapy is that my parents weren't perfect and that I was holding a lot of resentment towards them. In the end, I can't change them or change what happened. The only thing I can change is myself and my ability to forgive them and decide what role they play in my life as it stands today. You're obviously very young still and have a lot to think about. Just try not to drown yourself in the blame game.
This is an ugly one...it almost brings up more questions than answers. Why will your mom quit working when you get into the workforce? Are you to take care of her at that point and live with her the rest of your life? Is she paying for you school and your entire livelihood and working seven days a week? She sounds like she has a whole host of her own emotional/mental problems and you're definitely being emotionally manipulated. If I were you, I'd rather just take out loans for the last few years of school and move out. Financial freedom is much more satisfying than owing someone who treats you badly.
Oh...I assumed she had been working 7 days a week to support you and put you through school or something. This is just a bad situation that you need to get out of. If you're the one with the loans, I don't see why you don't take a part time job or get some student housing and learn to live on your own. I understand that a lot of this is cultural though...which many of us do not understand the intricacies of.
I've dated someone with a very close family. This will be an issue going forward and your lack of presence will certainly be noticed. Being close comes naturally to them...they'll most certainly take offense to you not being there and genuinely not understand why you aren't attending every time. Then again, every situation is different. I'd broach this subject early. Biting the bullet now is just setting precedence for the future IMO.
Yeah...this just sounds fundamentally broken : ( You can't be the only one trying.
"I shared extremely private secrets of two people and it blew up in my face, I'm irate!!!"
That is a tough, delicate situation. It sounds like your roommate is going to blow up on you if you bring this up (as you describe her). I had a....somewhat similar issue with a roommate years back. I ended up moving out. Unfortunately, you might have to be ready for that as well. Anyway, you have to talk to her, there really is no choice in the matter. It sounds like confrontation is not your forte, but you really have no choice. Wait until he is gone, maybe hang out with your roommate and wait until she seems in a 'good' mood and broach the subject. Good luck...
Absolutely true...just trying to point it out (ex-MMORPG addict myself).
Yeah, I hear what you are saying. I'm not sure if I would bulk reading into that though. Hell, or even TV for that matter (depending on the type of gaming). Most of the gaming addicts aren't addicted to single player experiences, it ends up being the shooters, the MMOs, the MOBA type of games. What is unique about these is 1. People rely on you and you feel a bond and a need to play and keep them happy. 2. The content rarely changes, you're doing the same thing over and over again. 3. It's addictive and provides you with 'rewards' to keep playing and engaging. I'd argue that books at least increase your vocabulary and expand your views on the world. Depending on the type of TV you're watching, you may be learning from documentaries etc. Gaming is just purely for enjoyment and really has no benefit at all, other than the enjoyment you get from playing (which should not be negated). I still game...hell, I took a weekend off to play XCOM 2 and I loved it. After I was done though, I couldn't help a nagging feeling that I really accomplished nothing and it was wasted time (other than what I enjoyed from leisure). I suppose, like everything else in life...balance.
That's always possible. I just looked at the information available and posed a theory. If you look at my initial reply, I just told him to watch out for gaming addiction, not that he was an addict. The remaining portions of the discussion simply talked about different media types, gaming addiction and how they varied from one another. I just noticed someone involved in something addictive (gaming), compared that to my various addictions I've had it my own life and drew a potential conclusion. If you're offended by that, I'm sorry, just trying to have an open discussion.
Yeah, absolutely do this. It sounds like you live in a busy neighborhood so they won't even know it's you thankfully. Enough complaints, hopefully they get kicked out or something...
Your instincts are correct. Also, you mention he finds reasons to touch you all the time. Trust me, if you were a bro, he wouldn't be finding out ways to have his hands all over you.
I don't know if that is the reason you remember things better...most likely you're just better at remembering than a lot of people. It's tough when people pick things up naturally and don't have to study. I don't know how you will be able to make him feel better when he is studying and you're not, because you don't have to, especially if you're in the same classes/program. The only thing I can say is that you shouldn't be in the same classes if this is a big issue for you two.
Do you think it's a jealousy thing or does he feel dumb because you retain information better than he does?
She should at least understand your perspective. I never really approve of doing something to prove a point...but start doing it to her and see what the reaction is. My guess, she will be extremely annoyed.
How the hell did you even end up married to this girl in the first place? It sounds like you kinda liked her, figured you would get married and...maybe move to your hometown and buy a house? Do you have any control over your life and your own actions?
I think that is just more for him and it's not very fair of him to talk to you like that. All this 'its you its me' stuff is always about...you and your relation to 'me'. If he met someone he was interested in again, he would pursue them. It's just all speech to make him feel better about himself (including the reaching out to you to 'comfort'). The best thing he could do for you is go NC...which is what you should do as well. I know it sucks, love hurts : (.
I think people are being overly harsh on your wife a bit. I've had multiple women tell me that they don't want a boyfriend that is in better shape than they are. There is so much more pressure for women to look good and I'm sure she sees that you're literally 'ripped' and is feeling extremely insecure about it. Look at it from her perspective -She met you when you were overweight and she was in shape. -She had a kid with you when you were overweight, she isn't in as great of shape anymore (but still better than you). -She's settled into 'body comfort' with you and is focused on raising a family. Next, the status quo entirely shifted. You are in the best shape of your life and everything is flipped on it's head. This isn't what she thought she was getting into. Is it fair of her to ask you to go back to that lifestyle? No way. But at least try to understand her perspective. What is the solution to this problem? I have no idea. It's not that you just got in good shape, fitness has become a huge part of your lifestyle now and she doesn't want to join in that lifestyle. Just not sure what you can do. Also, your last note is very telling. You're in good shape and you know you would like your wife better if she was in good shape as well. All this insecurity she is projecting IS ACTUALLY CORRECT. She is analyzing the situation accurately and freaking out about it.
Phew! Sorry about that. Meeting someone new is almost always a terrible reason to end an existing relationship. If you're not happy in a relationship, you should be getting out of it for those reasons, not because you met someone new and 'better'. If you want out, you want out...you can't be blamed for that. Don't let it be for some random woman you are infatuated with, though.
Look at it another way...you did this yourself! I can imagine there were times in school where you worked harder when you realized you paid for this yourself and should make the most out of it. No one can ever take that satisfaction away from you. You went to school, paid for it yourself and were out of debt by your mid 20s, that is a big accomplishment...your sister will never have that. Prestigious degrees don't matter in the way they used to, except for certain fields. I think you made the right choice going to a state school and should be proud of yourself. Be happy you have a good family and keep that chin up, good luck!
"Take your time, you have all day" lol, what a dick. That doesn't sound like a very sweet husband. Sounds like money isn't a huge issue for you and you're very aware that he isn't going to change. Get a housekeeper once a week, try to talk to him firmly or get to couples counseling...or as someone suggested, stay with family for a bit and let him realize how much work it is to keep up a house.
Hate to play the devils advocate here...but she is pregnant and will be out of the office for a long period of time and less available with a new baby. Even though this is completely fucked, I can imagine them using this as an opportunity to alleviate them from the situation.
Yeah, I don't know, I might try to stretch it out until you can take your leave at least. I thought I would be roasted alive for suggesting that they might take advantage of the situation because you're pregnant...but it seems you already had some of the same concerns. Anyway, always thoughts to consider 1. Are you using insurance through this job for your pregnancy? 2. Are you ready to hunt for a job 26 weeks pregnant? The doctor sounds very nice but that is probably one of the reasons that he can't deal with the receptionist, seems like its just part of his kind personality. Anyway, good luck : (
I mean, you're FWB but that doesn't mean you have the right to rub other dates in her face...and literally, give her an itemized list of why another girl is girlfriend material and she is not. Jesus, did Patrick Bateman write this?
We don't /know/ he isn't a mass murderer. Besides, it was most likely all in Bateman's head. He was just an elitist sociopath.
I think that is completely 100% ok, not sure why you're getting downvoted for this. That is pretty standard FWB fare...just someone to have sex with while you're looking for someone else or just having fun.
Sounds like he is just one of those types that likes to find someone to blame. You'll never find a way to make him actually happy with your actions. That's not the point...you're not meant to make him happy, you're meant to be a punching bag. The weight/fitness stuff is a bit strange as well. Seems like he is trying to mold you into something? Seems like a very controlling relationship. If it isn't that, maybe he just thought your creative endeavors would come to more fruition at this point. Even if you quit, I'd work on making use of some of the connections you've gained over the years from event planning and marketing (or whatever it is you do exactly) and start to support yourself a bit better. Never rely on someone like this to provide for you, especially begrudgingly.
What in the flying hell is this dude doing at the gym for 5 hours? There is literally nothing you could do for 5 hours at any gym. A bathhouse, maybe, but not a gym.
You're acting wayyyy too needy and starting down the road of self-sabotage. Breathe! Fake it till you make it. Even if you're anxious, don't act on it.
The people are generally pretty good. Something about suffering through a terrible winter, together...brings out the best in people, somehow. I think a lot of enjoyment in life comes from having and not having. Since we have a bad winter, it makes spring/summer/fall all the more enjoyable. Other than that, there is less crime in general, because it's too goddam cold to commit it.
I think there are a few issues here 1. Some people like the padding because the bar sits on their neck, it should sit on their shoulders. 2. Others, just have little muscle mass. You have less shoulders for the bar to lay against and you simply can't help have the bar push against the back of your neck. The only solution I found this is to switch to low-bar squat. The other solution was...bigger shoulders, just took a lot longer to get those : D
I think there is a lot that goes into aging and lifting. 1. Did you take care of your body when you were younger? Did you play high impact sports? You're probably already living with nagging injuries. 2. What is your body type? Do you have a very thin frame with thin wrists and ankles? You might find that its a bit harder to put on the mass you want. Lifting heavy/v. heavy is going to be a struggle with your tendons picking up the slack. 3. Warmups become more important than every, especially in the shoulder region. I'm 35 years old and always warm up on the treadmill for 5-10 minutes and do some fairly intensive shoulder warm ups. 4. Never start heavy, always build up to heavy with warmup sets. 5. If you're trying a new workout or new routine, be careful and ease your way into it. 35-40 isn't old but you're definitely at a higher risk for injury.
His actions are making his priorities fairly clear. He is willing to be around when it's fun and easy and conveniently makes himself completely unavailable when any sacrifice is needed of him. I'm happy you notice the pattern...now it's just up to you to decide what to do with that information.
"Or if she could have married her mother." What does that is mean, exactly?
You can try, but you can't live this life trying to be responsible for the happiness of others. There is only so far you can take someone, unfortunately. At 57, severely overweight, husband passed away and deep depression, your mom has an unbelievable uphill battle to face that is going to be a struggle even in the best of possible terms. She needs to see someone but...as you say, I don't know how to make that happen or how to really make her care about anything, at this point.
I love this post!!! I struggled with this for years my friend, years and years. I always listened to people with perfect proportions try to tell me how to deadlift and always had lower back pain. My current stance is a not quite a deadlift but not quite a sumo deadlift. I'd say my legs are a bit wide but not super wide. I do an mixed over/underhand grip and it's completely saved my back. Feel free to PM me if you'd like a video or if you'd like to discuss at all.
*Checks Username* Seems fitting.
This is really hard to say without hearing your boyfriends perspective or a bit more about your relationship and your interactions. A lot of this is about your insecurities and not about how he treats you, how he treats talk about being married, moving in together, getting engaged. People could probably give you better advice if you elaborated a bit more. If he doesn't ever want to talk about it and is quite vague, that isn't a great sign, generally.
Yeah, honestly, it's easier to be stressed than to work hard, as that is just another form of procrastination/laziness. It's all about the world acting on you and not you acting on the world, I guess. As someone who is kind of lazy at times, I see what you're saying. For me, I guess I just flipped the switch one day. I just decided I was going to work really hard and that is what I did and still do. I get lazy sometimes but I just keep on working away. It isn't so bad, once you get in the flow of something. Obviously I still go back and forth as I'm working now and replying to your Reddit post. This is just one of those things where practice and work are the only things that will change your behaviour. Its annoying and it sucks, but once you tell yourself there is no other option it starts becoming less of a choice and more of a natural habit.
I've done Adderal a bit here and there, recreationally. I can see how things could develop to this level as it really gives you a sense of focus and the ability to work on tasks without distraction. Whether a good reason or not, you're obviously addicted at this point...maybe not physically, but definitely mentally. You could potentially ask your doctor for some safer alternatives to the type of medication you're currently on and see if that makes a difference (something with a long history of showing safety with pregnancy). Other than that...I just don't know what you can do.
No problem, glad it helps. If anything, this also gives you a bit of mental space to try to think about the medication, how it affects you, your perspective on life and what may be best for you going forward. You may decide to hop back on it, but it always helps to just re-evaluate where you are and what you want, good luck!
Good luck, I'm sure he's great : )
Turn it around on her and do the same thing. Watch how quickly her tone changes and how it isn't 'fair' when you do it to her. This is just bullying bullshit and needs to stop.
I've actually had great luck with arm circles to warm up my shoulders. It really made a big difference in mobility and injury, for me at least. I do 30 seconds front, 30 seconds back of small arm circles https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exYkRLhxgsA and then 30 seconds front and 30 seconds back of large arm circles https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKrDvv5npOQ There are also a few really good exercises related to strengthening weak areas in your shoulders. My favorite is probably high rep upward palm dumbells. Using the method in the video as well as towards the front. Really helped with shoulder stabilization (which should be a big focus for any lifter, especially as you get older). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7weT51EF9M
Yeah, I've been working on some ideas for information regarding lifting at 30-35+. All the information out there, other than an article here or there off of a major site, seems to relate to younger lifters.
It all depends, really. We all age a bit differently, our bodies are shaped differently (proportions, bone density etc.) which all makes a huge difference on being able to lift as you age. I'd argue that most will need to make adjustments while a small amount of people can continue on as they always have.
For sure, I think I've always been mostly about aesthetics than anything, I definitely see your perspective.
"This leads to a conversation where I tell her that I'm mad because she's blaming me for missing something due to a thing I have no control over. I need support, not more pain. She tells me that I'm deflecting. I feel like all I'm doing is try to explain." Regardless of who is gaslighting who or what is going on in your relationship, you have to be aware of how things that you have no control over still affect others, honestly. We need a lot more examples of things that happen in your relationship before we can really give you any advice. How many panic attacks do you have? Are you medicated for them? Are you in therapy for them? What causes them? Have you always had them? Did she used to be supportive but now is getting frustrated as it's not getting better? What was she like to you before you were married? It's just impossible to say without getting more information.
It's funny, as we're both just going off our perspectives. To me, of course major adjustments are needed as that is what I needed. To you, minor adjustments are needed because that is all you needed. I think that is the problem with the weight lifting community in general. Every piece of advice is anecdotal and typically based on personal experience.
I mean, really, you're only going on this Ireland trip to see/sleep with the guy or dance around the issue, let's at least be honest about that, at a minimum. Anyway, sounds like you just outgrew your husband and changed a bit as a person. I think some couples get a bit uneasy when the one partner starts getting in better shape. Their interests change, their self image changes and that can make things uneasy, especially if the other partner is OK with the status quo. "Hey, I'm unattracted to you now because you live life like a mushroom and you hold us back from meeting other couples and you bore me on trips and you're built like a frog standing up." Were you always unattractive to him or did this kind of just change as you got in better shape yourself? There is a mix of things going on here. Some of it seems like it's ego driven, some of it is just being fed up with having to babysit him and some of it is fantasizing about a life you had 5 years ago, before you were married. You have a few things you should consider, at least. Marriage counseling, serious conversation with your husband and/or divorce at the end of things. I'd just warn you that you aren't 24 anymore. You'd find yourself divorced and a single parent. That isn't quite the same as being free and 24 having flings with Irish guys. Things are complicated and you're also a bit older. Your husband does sound like a bit of a bore and I wouldn't tack this up to you just changing your diet and workout habits. It sounds like he is still living a life that might be fun for some, but others would probably find a bit boring, after a time.
Hah, for sure, well I think heavy lifting may still be for you then! So much of what lifts you're good at has to do with your body composition. It's really interesting to read about and it can tell you a lot about why you're good at certain lifts and not others. It can also give you ideas on how to change some of that. For reps...I stay in about the 8-12 range. It can vary a bit as I really try to push myself as hard as I can on each rep. I found that adding intensity and really going for every last rep has helped replace the gains I would get from lifting heavy. I'd say...from 1RM? about 40%'ish.
I don't have a lot of advice for you other than to point something out. Your last relationship was probably a lot of drama. Highs and lows, dramatic fights, passionate making up again and then more fighting/abusing. You miss those highs. To you, those highs are what love feels like. That probably explains why this honeymoon period was so dreamlike for you. It's essentially just four months of absolute high highs and now you're at a more normal level. Even if you get divorced, you need to understand that no relationship will give you the constant high that you're equating with love.
What a bummer...I'm sure she is going to be really sad about it. She is obviously pretty lonely already (no birthday plans) and is probably excited to have someone to talk to who also has friends....but, it is what it is. She doesn't have boundaries and has no social grace, what can you do about it? It's going to hurt her regardless. The easy way out is to just ghost but you might be able to help her a bit if you're straight forward (or at least feel ok about yourself). Sorry, good luck.
You were right...either she really is severely depressed and is a danger and needs help/assistance or she was doing it for some attention or who knows what other reason. By showing that you take it serious, she can get help and it also protects you from her trying to use these type of threats as a weapon against you. You were 100% right.
People get caretakers fatigue, it just happens. If this has been going on for years with no signs of ending and often causes him to miss appointments or other things, his wife is bound to get frustrated. As someone who suffered from panic attacks, I don't think it's fair to equate it to a stroke. With a mix of therapy, medication and mental awareness, you have a good chance of getting to a liveable state. If he is having a few panic attacks a year, that's one thing. Having several a week is asking a lot of a partner to live with. I don't think his wife is looking for him to apologize for the panic attacks. I think she is just getting burned out and is having difficulty dealing with the random times they cause him to miss various events, appointments etc.
I think you're absolutely right. Anxiety is a killer. It starts with you getting attacks in social situations and then it slowly works its way until you don't even leave the house anymore. This exact same thing happened to a friend of mine and his wife. He coddled her anxiety and she went from living with him in the city to them moving to the same town as her parents to her not being able to leave the city at all to her quitting her job for one that is a mile away from her house to her not leaving the house anymore and he does everything for them (shopping etc). It sounds like you're being as patient as you possibly can be.
"We kept in touch by texting mostly. Sending funny quips, quotes, and pictures, occasionally Facebook message, occasionally not. See the thing is, during those private chats, we would talk about infidelity of our past partners" You can't be doing this when you're in a relationship. This is essentially emotionally cheating and is completely not OK. If I was your partner, I would be pissed. "I found out he'd had an illicit affair with another girl at work for SIX months last year after he told me. But they had sex and eventually he was bored and afraid of someone finding out, so he ended it." Replace "another girl" with "me" and you'll have an idea of where this ends for you. He is using you as a side piece and will tire of you eventually, just like his past flings. Try to learn it and be sure to avoid emotionally cheating in the future.
My girlfriend is very magnetic, pretty, charming and works in marketing. She has guys checking her out and asking her out fairly frequently. Most of the time she doesn't tell me about it...because, honestly, I don't want to hear about it and I trust her. I think your boyfriend is getting an ego boost from these situations and wants to maybe make you a little jealous. I think you can honestly get over this with a quick conversation. Just tell him about how often you get hit on, asked out etc but never say anything because you're with him and you don't want him to feel uncomfortable or feel like you get joy from these other people. Tell him you'd like him to do the same...if that doesn't work, just start doing what he is doing. He'll get annoyed by it and get the point soon enough. Alternatively, he may just have a big ego and is full of himself, it's hard to say. If he talks about himself a lot, looks down on others and works in a job that is very "Type A", he might just be someone who thinks he is better than everyone else...which won't change.
I think it will work...I kinda did the same thing to my girlfriend sometimes (especially since I was nerdy when I was younger and now I'm mid 30s, fairly attractive and in good shape)...so I was not used to getting compliments. Once I realized it was annoying, I cut it out. As to your last comment...hmmm, it's always hard to say. I always feel like it's a good indicator of someone's character when you watch how they interact with others. Often, even if someone is good to you now, they'll start treating you how they treat people in general, eventually. Good luck!
Even if he did care, it's been two months, he would probably say that no matter what as he is super into you. This situation would be extremely annoying to me. I don't know if it was something I would get over easily...if ever. Especially since you waited until the visit to tell him. Not to mention that, you'll be hearing crazy college stories about you...from your ex, that you used to sleep with. Any idea what he is going to be thinking about? You sleeping with your ex and wondering what wild stories go along with that.
Jesus, slow your roll lady, this isn't the Notebook. Anyway, that is a list of a million things that you want and that you want him to want. He doesn't and it seems you know that. If his friends don't even know you're dating, I'm not sure what you can expect from the rest of the relationship. It's perfectly normal to want your partner to be intimate with you emotionally and express how they care about you. From your post, it sounds like he keeps the relationship on the down low, doesn't show his love for you, you don't share any interests and doesn't seem to care all that much? The relationship sounds like it isn't working but you do seem like you have an idealized notion of what a relationship should be between two people.
My girlfriend is an "influencer" in fashion and interacts with models and various other attractive and interesting people all the time. In the first year of our relationship, it was a bit hard not to get jealous or worry about...then she has just proven herself worthy of trust time and time again. I hope you're in the same boat as I am. If she has shown she is trustworthy, don't worry about stuff like this.
Hmmm, well, that all depends. As you get older and partner with another human being for the rest of your life, you have to reevaluate a lot of things you do that might make the other person insecure or uncomfortable. Depending on what those things are, you may have to adjust a bit or alter. I'm 35 years old and have done quite a bit of dating. Once I've had a physical relationship with someone, I really never stay good friends with them. It just gets too messy when I'm dating someone and then the insecurities and jealousy comes around. A general life rule is to just put yourself in the other person's shoes. You meet your new boyfriend, he has a best friend that is female. That's fine. You guys go out to visit her, he mentions that she is actually an ex who has remained a friend. How do you feel about this? You get there and they talk about crazy college stories together, do you feel weird about this? It's just a sticky situation, I guess. To you, it's 100% platonic and you don't even think of anything other than that. To your friend, you can never really be sure it's 100% platonic. You can't be sure he doesn't fantasize about you or think about what you used to be at a certain time in your life. I think this is a difficult situation with any friendship that involves the sex that you're attracted to (gay, striaght, whatever). In the end, it just comes down to what you're both comfortable with. Maybe your boyfriend won't care and he'll end up loving the guy. Maybe it really isn't a big deal to him, we're all different with our own perspectives and associated baggage. I will say that your friend being married does help a lot. That would make me feel quite a bit of relief, if I was in your boyfriends shoes. It might not be a big deal at all. Sorry for the rambling response of non sequiturs.
Read her comments in the thread, it might give some more perspective on the situation.
If you're at the end of your rope, I'd recommend at least checking your testosterone levels and consider trt. Mine was very low and I was chronically tired and depressed, trt made a big difference.
I don't know, this may not even be a meeting people issue and more of a small town issue. You can have the various tools at your disposal but you're going to be limited to what's available in the area you live in. Also, your interests seem a bit "geeky"...I spent a fair amount of time growing up in a small town, this does not bode well for meeting people.
I am a bit confused, could you elaborate a bit? You guys both got drunk, ended up back at his place and then he started trying to fool around with you and you put a stop to it? Can you give a bit more details? This sounds unfortunate but not like it is completely out of line or anything.
A new marriage is enough work, the last thing you need to do is establish your relationship and your marriage with her parents in your business all the time. I'd try explaining it to her from a new marriage point of view vs. a budgeting point of view. You'd like to have the opportunity to have the first year of your life together in a shared place, with just the two of you.
"Who better to find a husband for me than those who know me best and love me unconditionally? Arranged marriages have much lower divorce rates for a reason." I'm surprised that you've grown up in the culture and don't understand what that reason is...I'm almost a bit shocked here. The reason they are less divorces are from family pressure and acceptance of the situation, not because of compatibility. Sure, you may have a few arranged marriages that blossom into love, but the vast majority are about building a family than about love or anything like that. You've literally signed up for an arranged marriage when 99% of the point is to find a good partner that can provide and start a family...and you don't want kids. C'mon....
Are you sure he ever cared that much? It sounds like you had to press the relationship in the beginning "My husband and I discussed it endlessly from the beginning- if I was in, I was in, because he didn't want someone coming in and out if his daughters life. " Are you sure he wasn't just looking for a partner to help him raise his daughter? I don't know, this is all a big mess. It seems like he has always gotten his way and when pressed even 1% he throws a fit. I don't think things can get better because it sounds like they've never been that good in the first place, sadly.
I'd just calm down a bit, he never does this and it's just something that happened once. Also, what scared your daughter was the yelling, not as much as him being drunk. Another thing, you're already assuming the plans for tomorrow are ruined, you don't even know that for sure yet...you're getting furious about things that may not even happen. Your projecting your issues with your parents from your childhood onto your husband. With all that being said, yes, he should still go to the event, even if he is in terrible shape (as he promised he would go). I can see you're really mad right now, but just give yourself a little time to cool down and see what happens tomorrow. Still plan on doing everything you were going to do and try to be calm about it.
It's not just about the actual games, its about the experience. It's fun to have an official Nintendo console with SNES games. It isn't as fun to have a list of 2000 pirated games on a Rasperberry Pi that you cycle through. It's as much about the emotional experience as it is actually playing the games itself.
"Whisper Singing" lol, you poor bastard. Can you work from home one day a week? Get your own headphones? Tell her that you prefer to answer questions via chat vs. talking in person? The light at the end of the tunnel can make things worse or better, depending. You know you get to leave the situation, that may make her more bearable as it has a definite endpoint. It may also make it worse because you know you're getting out and all your pent up annoyance is bursting at the seams.
Just a heads up, Reddit isn't very kind to religion, generally. Anyway, I don't know what to say about this. You married a Christian man and are surprised that he is pushing a traditional Christian agenda. It sounds like, before you were married, he suppressed this a bit more because he knew you wouldn't put up with it. Once you got married, he started letting his real self show a bit more. Also, as to his appearance...while he may or may not be cheating on you, he's definitely re-evaluating himself and how he looks. You married a Christian conservative man and are upset that he is acting like a Christian conservative man, I'm just not sure what to say about it.
Wattt, I'm 35 and still go to weddings a fair amount...for people both older and younger than me. Many people don't even get married until they're close to 30 or in their 30s these days.
EXACTLY!!! That is exactly how I felt in New Orleans. In Minnesota, during the summer it's about mid 80s. I'm sweating but no one else is. Once you go places that are actually really hot, you just see that people give in and embrace the heat. Unbutton those top buttons, get some moisture wicking clothes and just go with it.
Sure, I worked for a small business for about 8 years or so. I helped grow the place and really loved the owners. We went from about 15 people to around 40-50 or so over those years. The owner really provided a high level service and a great work environment. The pay and benefits were so so but I loved working there. After 8 years, they sold the company and I moved on after I realized how much I hated the new owners. I make twice as much now, nearly. Businesses are always concerned about employees stealing from them. In my opinion, businesses take from employees constantly (time, extra effort, emotional investment) and provide none of those benefits back to the employees. Everything in the for-profit sector is for-profit. The company will do what it needs to do to make money and they'll almost always try to pay you as little as possible and keep as much for themselves. It's just business. We should all do the same for ourselves. The only weird thing is how emotional some owners get over this....like you owe them loyalty because they gave you a job that someone will pay you a lot more to do elsewhere. It's a weird world.
I'm dating a creative/artist who has a ton of artist friends. We met online dating...I'm not well off or anything, but I do pretty well and try to keep in shape. I guarantee some of her friends look at me like I'm a non-creative who came in and took a girl that one of them should be dating because they "understand" her and I'm just an outsider. To me...I am creative, I have an artistic soul but I just choose to work and make money to help accentuate my life and my experiences. Just because I don't spend all day being an artist doesn't mean I don't have creative pursuits or view the world in a different way. One of my favorite things to talk about is space, physics and the nature of the universe. Anyway, I think this guy is just kind of salty about it. We can all get that way when a partner chooses someone else, regardless of reason.
"I am also afraid that Michael might use the title co-founder later back against me, to claim more shares or influence in the company if we indeed become large." That is exactly what would happen. Anyway, this isn't an r/relationships problem, this is something to talk to a lawyer about. Personally, as someone who has some business interaction, he may have a leg to stand on if he took you to court later. While you are paying him to help setup the company, that's not to say that he isn't performing tasks that he wasn't paid for (insight on business decisions, working odd hours to assist, providing input into the business plan). If you don't have a detailed contract stating his work and what he is supposed to do for your company, he could say that you paid him for "x" when he ended up doing "x, y and z" which heavily contributed to the starting of the company and its success.
You mean you don't deserve this type of heartbreak and you don't want to deal with it. Enjoy your sham marriage.
That isn't a threesome, you ended up having sex with another girl in front of your wife...fuck dude, this is really bad.
It seems like your personality hasn't changed a lot from when you used to be overweight and bullied all the time. I think your quiet nature is simply a biproduct of that. One nice thing about this is that you're probably a lot kinder to people. Men cling to you because you're forgiving, kind, nerdy and attractive, something you really don't find a lot. The other side of that is that you're probably still quiet and introverted because you were taught to be that way. You may even have some weird feelings about it all these years later that a therapist could help you break through and open up your shell a bit. Good luck!
Haha, that is very true, you're right about that. Personally, I keep in shape, use face moisturizers, sunscreen everyday and have decent style and hair and have a decent/good job (Sys Admin type). If you don't care about appearance and are anti social, that won't bode well at any age.
I think if you're a certain body type, you can probably push heavy for a lot of your life. For a lot of others though, it really does lead to injury or other potential downfalls. I'm doing PPL as well at medium weight and high intensity, liking it a lot. Glad its working for you!
She could call the cops and have them take it back and charge you, if she really wanted to. I don't know what to say, I kind of agree what you did, but you had to know this was going to blow up.
I think gifts are ok, within reason. I think having the kids work is what will instill value. Whether that is a part time job, sending them to camp or have them do some manual labor, that builds character and appreciation. Kids that get everything appreciate nothing. You need to have a solid balance of working for what you get but also showing them that you care about them. I know a wealthy couple and they don't buy the kids a ton of stuff (they don't go wanting or anything) but they use their supplemental income to travel a lot. Show the kids different parts of the world and how people live and let them engage in the culture.
He's being an asshole. He knows /exactly/ what pushes your buttons and really doesn't like when you turn the tables on him. He may actually be subconsciously 'getting back' at you for your anxiety. If he feels that your anxiety is affecting him negatively or he 'deals' with it a lot, he may be using this as a way to act out. Either that or he might not be very empathetic towards your anxiety. Since he had a great family life, your anxiety isn't as real as you make it out to be and it's something you should be able to get over, to him. He does this to you because it amuses him and makes him feel in control/powerful. He controls the information and likes to watch you squirm. He would obviously have a hissyfit if you did this to him. I don't know, just start doing the same thing back to him and let him see what he thinks about it. My guess is he will hate it and either stop doing it himself or throw an even bigger fit. I don't really know what else to say, counseling would help, certainly but it seems like he doesn't feel like he is doing anything wrong and would probably be indignant about it.
I don't see any solution where you end up still being friends with Jerry. You don't seem interested in pushing the envelope that far so you're really stuck with the status quo. I mean, he went and asked Tom if he was invited when you said you'd rather he not come, he. is. coming. forever. Jerry is pushy and you seem like a sensitive and kind human. If Tom seems ok with him as well and no one actively dislikes him and you're not willing to make a big point out of it, this is going to go on and on. I'd focus more on just making peace with it if you feel there is no way you'd break off the friendship with Jerry. You got out Jerried here.
"She fell for a guy who was a typical player and got embarrassed by him." You're just salty and think you're a good, safe, honest choice for her to make and she should be happy to date you. It's clear that she just isn't into it, for whatever reason. Someone who gives a reason and offers no alternatives, repeatedly...has already given you the alternative (i.e. not going to happen).
Hmm I see, does he tend to show a lot of emotion in general or is he a fairly calm and grounded person who doesn't get that emotional about anything?
Yeah, I have conflicting feelings on stuff like this, it's a hard part of life. Some people are just more attractive and enticing than others, it can be hard when you work hard but you're quiet, shy, maybe not traditionally handsome and you own a home...I don't really know what the good answer to this. As a guy who is in his mid 30s who ended up getting better looking as I got older, I remember what it was like when I wasn't very attractive. I feel like I just generally have a lot more options now, not due to anything I've done that well (other than keeping in good shape and taking care of my face/hair/skin etc.) The other side of this equation is that you probably want someone who is conventionally attractive as well...which just points out the sheer irony of the situation. I can only say one thing really, you have to try to not be bitter...even if it's justified. It just eats you up inside and people tend to not like that trait in a partner. Just do what you can, workout, get a good haircut, try to find some clubs to join (hell, even I went and found a dungeons and dragons group online, doesn't matter the activity, just needs to be social). Get some well-fitting clothes and start working on yourself and the changes will come (as well as more potential partners). Good luck.
Is there anything that you don't like that your boyfriend loves? Imagine that activity and him finding a woman that loved it as well and they had many other similarities. Imagine them hanging out all the time. Does this make you feel weird? Insecure? Just keep that in mind. The friendship is fine but you just need to dial it back.
idk, she quit her job to take care of him for two years and battle cancer. I know a lot of people say that the money was left to whoever it was left to, but I feel like she deserves it and needs it the most, frankly. My brother died of cancer at 29, it was a terrible time. Sorry for your loss.
It's possible...I mean, you do know your family the best here. It could be that your dad was in denial and never changed the form because he never wanted to come to terms with his imminent death (I know my brother was in complete denial). What are your honest thoughts on the matter? I think this is something that requires a lot of soul searching and using your gut to come to the right decision. Money is a tough thing. Regardless, it's enticing to want to keep it and better your own life. Then again, I'm sure you wonder about feeling guilt about his wife and the people living under that roof. I'm sure they probably won't be able to afford living there without assistance? The other thing is...how much contact do you want with your family, generally? Do you really care about them and want a good relationship? If you do, keeping the money is going to probably ruin that. If you don't and never had a great relationship, I'd just pay for the funeral, maybe give the brother you like some help and keep the rest to invest or pay down your own debt or use towards something fruitful.
Sure, if you want the easiest answer, it's to just split it evenly across all the siblings, that's the only way you survive this with the relationships in tact. That way its equitable and people can't fault you much (other than the step mother, who may be annoyed that she isn't getting all of it). Also, your step mothers word isn't that great of a thing to count on. What happens in five years when she is mad at you and tells everyone you got 50k from your dad and kept it to yourself? You can say goodbye to your family after that. If you're worried about keeping your relationships, in whatever capacity they exist today, you have to split it up.
There was JUST a post a week ago in /r/personalfinance from a guy who inherited his stock portfolio from his dad, valued at 325k of Intel stock. He was worried about having all his eggs in one basket. Hopefully he got moving on that...
I think that is why most people make the jump. Same goes for Denver in a lot of ways. Having good weather is pretty hard to pass up. Quality of life has a price tag associated to it, just the way it is.
I posted that same info in the Intel post and got downvoted, no idea why. Anyway, could be coincidence but probably not. If they had emails going back and forth with Amazon and Google, it was a known issue, probably at the highest levels. It does seem weird that he would take that large of a risk though. Hard to say if it was innocent or a planned dump at this time.
I think it's the simple fact that they have 99% market share. Where do you go from there?
People have much weirder interests than door knobs...
Yeah, people that have constraints around a boy or girl or what type of child they should have or what their child should do or what their child should wear or be like are having a child for their ego and nothing else. Those are the worst parents. They don't want a child, they want an extension of themselves, hopefully an even better version, in the flesh. Disgusting.
I was going to say it's pretty cold here...but then I saw you're from Chicago, so it's a fairly lateral move in that regard. I work downtown, live in NE Minneapolis, a good area, getting a bit expensive though. Has a mix of arts and business and interesting people. Don't move to North Mpls though, that is where you'll find the majority of crime around the cities takes place. It's generally safe but things do happen. I'd say Duluth is generally more outdoorsy than Minneapolis. The people that I know that live up there get involved in sail crews, lot of hiking and snoeshoeing and various other activities. Of course those exist down here, but I just don't see as many people getting into it. I'd compare the type of people to...maybe Denver, Austin, Seattle...pretty chill, accepting, overall nice. Good investment in the arts and music, pretty good place other than the winter...well, and the summer is too hot and muggy...but you already said Chicago, so six of one half dozen of the other.
I've visited and lived in one of those places (been to Seattle about 10 times). I've always felt the vibe was similar, maybe it was just me. As Denver begins to move into a larger city with more and more and more transplants, I tend to find it to be changing a bit more. That's just my two cents though. "If you're a minority or even if you're not you may find Denver, Seattle to be much more welcoming than Minneapolis." I'm not a minority so that is hard for me to have a good perspective on. We have a fairly low minority population and I could see why that would be a detraction. If I was a minority, I don't know if I'd want to live here...but I'm not sure if it's about how I would be treated. Then again, I'm looking to move back towards Denver at some point regardless. Too cold here.
Not really, nothing would ever get built that people don't want then. Like everything else, there is probably a good balance somewhere. "I was here first" is not a good enough reason for the Native Americans and it's not a good enough reason for someone with a house. That being said, if someone built something I hated in S. Mpls by my house, I would be annoyed as hell. That is the reason why juries are selected...as people too involved have no objectivity. Things have to be built somewhere, just the way it is.
I’m sure this could never backfire and cause the dog to attack another kid running up to give her a hug or when they are play wrestling. Source: Had a German Shepherd as a kid and it attacked our neighbor when we were wrestling for fun.
I get it, to some degree. That being said, it should be adjusted to 10am-1:30pm. If you are going to have this type of procession, at least work with the public on it and don't tap into it during rush hour. You know some people are already going to disagree with such a large service for a public servant (where many other servants to our country get far less), at least be reasonable about it. All this is going to cause is more anger. The cops are angry because motorists are pissed off when they're trying to get to work. They feel like they dont honor a public servant. Motorists are pissed because they couldn't just set the time an hour later to work with traffic and not be dicks about it.
This is going to be tough to hear, but a lot of people that lawyers and doctors date through heavy schooling are not the people that they end up marrying. In those stages of life, they want someone who is flexible, kind, patient and willing to put up with their crazyness and then maybe spend some quality time together once in a while. Once set in their career and on their path, they often adjust their priorities and find someone else more suited to whatever they want. I don't know why this is the way it is, but it happens often. I'd recommend you go through with your plan to give him an ultimatum and let the cards fall where they may. I don't think we should talk you down this ledge, I think we need to give you a push over it.
If he is being creepy, I'd put it at a very low percent. He hangs out with other people from work outside of work, you seem friendly at work and he either wants to hang out with you or has a crush on you. He is probably seeing mixed things as you ignore his texts but then seem very bubbly and outgoing with him in person. These are mixed messages. I think you just have to be a bit more blunt with him, unfortunately.
Idk, my answer was always pretty simple..."I'll know when I find it". Relationships are complicated. You can think you know what you want, but you honestly probably have no idea what person is going to be the best for you. That's half of dating.
I actually completely disagree. It's incredibly difficult to change behaviour, especially compulsion, as it's so deeply inlain. A lot of the best solutions that we come up with are ones that accept human nature and don't try to fight it. Even looking at self-driving cars. They know our compulsion is to simply take the wheel in a dangerous situation. Therefore, no wheel in the car. It's much easier when we accept our failures and build around them, rather than trying to force conditioning that probably won't ever work.
You don't understand, by expanding our lifespan unnaturally, that is accepting our natural state and behaviours and building tools to circumvent.
Sure, that is more for aesthetics and if this did hit the market, it would have side effects and doctors would use it for people who were very overweight. Then the body building community would buy it online and take it anyway, pretty typical cycle I think.
Well, first things first, humans need food, we come out of the womb eating food. We do not come out of the womb smoking cigarettes (maybe in Eastern Europe, but that is another story). You see, you made my own point and you don't even realize it. If we had a pill that allowed smokers to smoke without any of the health risks, wouldn't we want people to have it? No more diseases from smoking and medical costs. Wait, don't we want to figure out why people smoke and why they started? Sure, but when the symptom is worse than the cause, you SHOULD treat the symptom first. If you're able to get obese people to healthy weight even if they are still binge eating, you remove the public health crisis in one fell swoop and then can focus on the eating problem. What you'll probably find is that when people lose all the weight with a pill, they don't have to do the hardest part...actually losing the weight! They would just have to maintain what was already lost and starting at that point is a much larger motivator than starting at 600lbs. When the symptom costs the country hundreds of billions of dollars, yes, you treat the symptom.
I'd argue that is an acceptable trade off. You remove the public health cost at a minimum and then people still have the same mental issues but at a healthy weight. Why is that not a better alternative than not having the medication? Truly bizarre.
Hmmm, that is a complex statement. By not holding someone accountable, you're accepting their actions, this is true. However, by holding someone accountable, you're forcing the view on them that they can change if they want to. This attitude presents a lot of challenges when behaviour stems from abuse or addiction. The person themselves probably believes they can stop if they want to...they want to but they just can't. That is the cycle. The million dollar question is, where is the middle ground? Who knows. Holding people accountable is important but also giving empathy and trying to help people is probably more important than that. A lot of action comes from empathy and understanding. I think a big problem with America isn't accountability, isn't no accountability, it's empathy.
and that is why you give them this pill, so their lack of ambition doesn't cost us several hundred billion a year.
I think it’s actually good that they do this. It shows, in real life, someone killing an animal to eat it. If we’re going to go to the grocery store and eat magically prepackaged meats, we should see things dying.
Perhaps exporting folks like yourself is a good start. Oh wait? You mean you were there first so you should be able to stay? Oh, of course you should.
That’s how it should be, honestly. You pay for climate. Best climates have the highest price tag. We live in a capitalistic society. If you want something nice, expect to pay for it, housing included. If you can’t afford nice, then you move somewhere else and suffer, like I am, in Minnesota. That being said, I do make good money and am considering moving to a nicer climate like Denver and I expect to have to pay higher prices to live there. To outsiders, this argument is incredibly obvious.
I think it's totally fine. Build mills or take the economy hit and build a power plant or two. I feel like that is a fun balance thing. If my stone production is a bit down, it's a lot to set it at a heavy cost for 160 power...or I need to find more areas for mills. That's half the fun of this entire game. Calculating and difficult decisions. There is a reason they give you that pause button, because you need to consider carefully.
Hmmm, I'm not sure to be honest. I know if you destroy your upgrade buildings, you lose the ability to upgrade...I know if you can't pay your soldiers, they'll leave (or have their upkeep, like oil platforms). I'm not sure about food and such. I think you probably can destroy them, just lose the ability to build anything further. I wouldn't get into that habit though as that is something they would almost certainly change down the road.
I kind of like tower defense games...I played one or two back in the day, but they often feel so one dimensional and only have a single layer of strategy (force the enemy to take the longest path and the most damage). This game tossed that all on it's head by having zombies react to sound and attack whatever is in front of their face first, focusing their attacks on living creatures. That way you can try to cattle them and force them into a choke point, but they aren't going to simply run straight down a murder hall while you annihilate them. They've actually done the opposite. Create large walls to spread the mass and have the firepower lining that whole wall. Chokepoints are obviously still key, but they are doing things differently.
You see, I kind of disagree with this statement. At the heart of it, you are right. Upgraded buildings provide more resources. That being said, land is free, if you're willing to take it. Your ROI and investment in 100 tents vs 30 stone houses is night and day. Not to mention when you throw in upkeep. Then you have less space for mills and all of a sudden you are taking -15/-15 resources from a power plant. That doesn't work well because your base is too small and you're not mining enough. You can win with a smaller base, it's just going to be a lot harder. The money you're using to upgrade buildings is better used upgrading defense and preparing for the onslaught. Scout your units, find good chokepoints that give you a lot of space, hold those chokepoints while you expand your town. Upgrade to stone walls asap and you're in a really good spot. Have a smaller base and expand slowly and you're very likely to have a very long game that will end on day 93. If space is not a concern, the cost for basic buildings is much much much cheaper than building upgrades. You should be looking at building upgrades as a negative in this game. You only upgrade when you don't have the space. It's not a benefit, it's a negative choice when there is no other space to build cheap buildings.
Absolutely, this was the hardest thing to understand about the game. The simple concept of space being #1 over everything, cheap buildings being the #1 best choice and pausing and being tactful are such shifts in thought for RTS.
I know, I feel good but am getting a bit old in the Reddit/Gamer age.
I'm on the opposite end, I don't really care for steampunk much. I kind of like the slight flair to the game while keeping it somewhat based in a quasi-reality.
I actually do like this idea quite a bit. I can picture 2 snipers in a hot air balloon but the balance is jumpers and spitters can take you down if they get close, would be fun.
I hear what you’re saying but I rarely have gold problems or food problems. I often find myself with stone problems in a lot of maps. I’m not sure if that is just my luck or not.
As someone who was a generalist and who is a bit more specified, I don't think this is as hard of a task as people might think. Even for you, something like "Ensure proper functioning of company databases that have a direct impact on x applications and functions. Additional responsibilities include managing our Business Intelligence universe (including updates, upgrades, custom reports and user training). Recent business accomplishments include x and y projects/functions that was used to provide x and y value to the business." Don't think of it like a laundry list. HR doesn't care about some BI bug you found and fixed. They want to get a business understanding of your job function and what value it provides to the company at large.
Shoot, I thought you were being facetious. That is a fairly impossible task!!
I think it can be generally agreed that snipers have wayyyy too high HP right now. Honestly, if the range is kept in tact, snipers should be single hit deaths to outweigh their power.
It's alright budduy, don't be so down on yourself. Looking at your map, you actually do seem like you know what you're doing to some degree. Your buildings are grouped nicely. That being said, here are some tips for you. 1. Don't think of this as a traditional RTS where you build a bas, purchase upgrades and then upgrade. Look at upgrades to buildings as a downside that is only done when you don't have room to expand. 2. Focus on early game expansion over anything else. Wave's up to day 40 or so are ridiculously easy to handle with even a handful of units and no ballista. PUSH your base borders. The thought you should always be having when you're building is "where am I expanding now and where am I expanding next". Always be expanding always always always (until late game). 3. To build on 2, use that extra land to build cheap tier one buildings. Tents are good, tents are fine and dandy, don't upgrade your housing until later. Your #1 mistake here is expansion. You can't win with a base of this size, you need more production. Your base needs to be much bigger.
I agree with most of this except for shock towers. I never use them and have good success.
I lost on my first two maps during the final wave. I had no idea how it was even possible to beat this game, seemed impossible. Then I realized I just wasn't expanding enough. Once I focused on that, I beat the first map in the next try, the second map on one try and now I'm on my first try of map 3 and it's going well. Space=Economy Economy=Defense Defense=Safe. Other than that, I'd say be wary of getting Power Stations up early. They use a ton of maintenance resources to maintain. Stick with mills until late game.
I think it's just the audience...and honestly, I think it's 100x better than it used to be. The IT grump/controlling type lived for a very long time. That was the industry standard. Nowadays, many more IT professionals are friendly, easy to work with and collaborative. Technology has expanded in such a way, you don't have the choice to not be customer facing in a lot of situations. Reddit is majority young males. Young males are building their careers and sometimes that comes with posturing or putting other people down (because you're insecure yourself). If you're young yourself, don't sweat it, keep on keeping on. I'm 36 years old and I feel better about IT than I ever have before.
This is bad, but not undoable. It's going to be UGLY though. You have wood, stone, food...but goddam you can't even get a second lumber mill up. Maybe you need to snake up and around the west Doom Town...fun challenge though!
That just made me rethink the size of those flames on those Lucifers lol.
If you really do love her and want a life with her, maybe you could try to find ways to move to Iceland for a while, to try it out. She doesn't sound like she is happy here.
Their boyfriends picking out their biggest insecurities and laughing about them?
I agree, but thats like arguing about how you drive a car when your house is on fire. His life is upside down right now and I'm not sure if lessons learned about his reaction is that useful (definitely not top of the advice).
How often do you think women stick with those boyfriends...and if they do, who would recommend them to? You're essentially making my argument for me.
Email to best friend Friend "OMG your girlfriends forehead is so big, how do you deal with it?" Boyfriend "LMAO, right? I know, I just pretend I don't notice and hope for the best : P" Men on this subreddit, as well as in society, are meant to not really feel like women can victimize them since women get dumped on so much...then something comes up like this and people don't empathize with them. Edit: Even with this statement, I have to recognize that women are judged much more on their looks than men. Holistically, if you think about it, it is probably worse for a woman to be scrutinized for her looks, as it's just reinforcing male dominiated nonsense. Obviously this still hurt him, but at the core, I do think it is a bigger deal the opposite way.
You have to care a lot, basically (stitch individual shots together).
I think pretending that genders don't exist and certain stereotypes don't exist is a recipe for ignorance. Change the system, work toward equality but also understand inequality and empathize with it. Pretending there is no problem is a problem in and of itself.
I guess I do agree in spirit, but I also think people are human and when we are at our worst, it's hard to expect the best out of people. He obviously needs to change his behaviour and communicate, I agree. I just felt like the conversation was going too much that way vs. what she did and how to handle it.
I was thinking about how ignorant these people are to not know that mushrooms are not plants. Then it turns around and I find out I'm ignorant because I had no idea about those fossil fuel and vegetation facts, fascinating. That means, if society every truly broke down, we'd never have fossil fuels or oil again to help launch a technological revolution...and the only reason we have our existence now is because of this random piece of evolution, fascinating.
Logically, I agree with what you're saying, just hard to say where I would be emotionally, in such a situation. That being said, his initial reaction, while childish, is understandable. After she came home though, it is kinda bullshit to sit at the table silently after he left her, without a word, she had to take a car home and then he just sits there in silence. That is pretty ridiculous.
Interesting, I don't really see this passing. Having 11% of the population as native and using psychedelics for cultural use is a long step from Colorado's situation.
I always took some level of comfort, in knowing if we did ruin ourselves someday, there would be hope for another generation of humans or other species, eventually. It's truly sad to know that easy access to fossil fuels was a single time event that would not be repeated, sad.
Yep, all the advanced buildings are strictly for when you have no space but desperately need more resources.
I'm 36 myself and did quite a bit of online dating. The pool of men is not that great out there but it can still take some time. If you're male, in your 30s, have a decent job and try to take somewhat good care of yourself, you're in a pretty good position.
Agreed, I'm actually pretty happy for how well it functions as early release. I'm always waiting for it to crash on the final wave, with 10k+ units on screen and it works without a hitch (maybe a quick processing spike here or there). Fucking impressive.
I agree, it is a bit annoying. I don't have it a ton but often enough to notice. I think what drives me the most crazy is doing an attack - move with units and have them turn around instead of move forward (off to some unknown location). This game reminds me a lot of Darkest Dungeon. Hard, well supported by devs...a bit unfair at times but typically greed is going to kill you much more than the game. Good planning leads to good results typically.
You have a few options here 1. Just complain lightly to management. They'll send a note to the cleaning crew and they'll deal with it (she could get fired or disciplined though). 2. Be blunt with her, she will be really annoyed and probably talk some trash with her coworkers about the stuckup lady working her fancy office job who is too good to talk to people. Neither choice is fun.
Were you hoping for an apology or something? People like this don't apologize because they think they've done nothing wrong. It either didn't happen to them or it wasn't that big of a deal if it did happen. If you would say some of those things to her, she would probably have a mental breakdown. You have to accept it for what it is. Your parents aren't going to change but you can always change. You're the one who has the insight. This type of thing is exactly what therapy is for. My parents weren't terrible but they had plenty of faults and I learned that I can't change them or what happened, but I can change my relationship with them and focus on myself and living my life (and I'm a 36 year old man). Stop hoping for repent. Distance yourself from your mom and live your life.
Agreed, just think it was super zoomed in or a different skin, not a new zombie.
Honestly, you just can't be doing this. I have a pretty good work life balance, I do work hard but I also get paid fairly well. If the day does come where I am let go, it is what it is, off to the next thing. Also, my personal experience is that people who sacrifice their family for work tend to care more about work than family anyway. At work, they are important, needed, feel valued, deal with adults, reasonable issues. At home you're just a parent and your kids have a lot more problems and lot more needs that aren't easily met.
I’ve never even played dark souls, am a general grump, and this even tickled my funny bone, well done.
I completely disagree with this and I’m a pretty heavy liberal. Most first world countries have significantly more strict immigration and naturalization laws. To say anyone who came here illegally and set down roots should be naturalized is a load of garbage.
It's just so funny to be down voted for this type of stuff. To other countries, it's obvious that you don't just open your doors to immigration. It is a thoughtful process. I suppose one thing that does make America a bit different is having a southern neighbor that has a very socio-economic structure than most countries in Europe. Regardless, some people live in this...world where our country can be as financially stable no matter who we let in, what we do or how we do it. When the reality is that you need to have some controls in your country to ensure stability and continued prosperity. This is where the anger starts. No discussion, just dozens of downvotes with no intelligent debate. Welcome to Reddit...filled with mostly ultra liberal college aged students who are foolish enough to think the narrative found here is the narrative of the country at large. Facts don't matter, just feelings, good job people. Not to mention, some people think of the poem on the statue of liberty as some American rule...not realizing that it was a gift from France, not the defacto stance on American immigration policy. We have a maniac in the White House. This is a ridiculous time to push this ultra leftist agenda. Not to mention Reagan is the person who screwed the middle class over more than any other president in history. Trickle down economics was one of the first major hits to the middle class. Anyway, Reddit as a whole is just about feel good politics, people who read headlines but no content and enjoy everything in meme-like bites. Intelligent discussion isn't the name of the game here. It's just one liners and nonsense. Enjoy being half the reason Trump is in the White House now. Edit: To be fair, I noticed this is in the NeoLiberalism sub, where nonsense like this is the calling card. Of course I'm getting downvoted. It's good to know that this line of thought has no realistic way of making it mainstream...but it does a good job of forcing even people like me, on the left, more to the right. Nice work.
I think, to some degree, you are actually right. The far right fight against immigration of any non-white skinned individual is racist, anti American and anti humanitarian. That being said, I’d be interested to see some of this research that supports broad, unregulated immigration and how it benefits us as a whole. I feel like you’re arguing neo liberalism values against far right leaning advocates. In those arguments, your views and recommendations hold up. Outside of those arenas, the arguments for non-restrictive naturalization and citizenship kind of fall flat on their face. Anyone can make a valid point against extremist views. That’s all you and your community can do, it seems. Feel good about it, I guess.
Great answer, pretty much sums up what the rest of us are thinking about this entire subreddit.
Then you're looking at lacking a job in the near future. This is how I wish the world worked, but it doesn't.
If you're looking to get into a school to get a job, these types of educations are rarely worth it. It's better to focus on certifications that are highly sought in the industry.
For sure, I don’t think I get too close to doom houses next to my base until I get ballista tech. Even if it costs more, the assistance they can provide defending against those doom house masses is pretty invaluable. Plus they help take them down faster and then you just scoop up all that sweet loot.
Do you think that there is an actual problem with the patch or that performance took such a hit that customers are revolting and they had to pull the patch?
So many services compare coffee costs to their service...you'd need to drink 12 lattes a day to keep up with their logic. That being said, New York Times is of the caliber that deserves a paywall. Their work is top notch, their team is top notch and it should have costs associated with it. A local city paper is probably not going to meet that criteria. Journalism has changed a lot, there are a lot of people willing to write for free these days as a hobby. The same thing happened to video game journalism, sadly. Never do for work what people will do for free. All that being said...I think they should try this. Why not? Give it a go and see how it works. I think more things should be behind a paywall and provide less ads and a more premium product.
"Him &amp; my boyfriend did have some issues about 3-4 years ago, but it's long been settled and they get along fine now. " Evidently not....honestly, this is probably all there is to do with it. He doesn't like your bf, possibly you and created the trip and excluded you. Just because people aren't fighting anymore doesn't mean they're friends and get along.
Yeah...and to be honest, I really am a good guy 99% of the time. I volunteer at a dog shelter, am kind to my friends, good to my girlfriends and always listen to people and try to get their perspective on issues and want to help them resolve things. Hell, I probably have 10,000 replies to /r/relationships trying to help people with issues. With all that being said, I'm still not above being a bit shady when it came to online dating and having sex. I would tell women I am dating casually and I wouldn't lie to them about seeing other women, but I wouldn't volunteer information either. I think there is what we want relationships to be and then I think there is what relationships actually are. What we want is the Hallmark channel or romantic comedy script. When the reality is that you end up going on dates with about 60 people you don't even like and then find someone you connect with. All I can say is you seem smart and you seem to be doing the right things. Just rinse and repeat and keep at it. Even with your friends, sometimes people end up with a good partner and sometimes they end up marrying someone that they aren't really well suited for (and having babies with that person). I've had more than a few friends who ended up divorced and married because it was the next step vs. something they truly truly wanted to do. I'm kind of a quirky guy to be honest. I work in IT and like to play video games, but I also like to go to the Opera or try making sushi. I put pants on our dog and walk him around. I found someone who is just as weird as me and we just click. We still fight, of course, but things are good. One nice thing about meeting someone in your 30s is that both of you kind of know what you don't want and what you do want. That is worth something. Good luck!
This really isn't that complicated. You had a thing for her (you still do, btw), she isn't interested. She reached out, maybe because she missed the attention. She uses you when it's convenient for her but for little else. She then hangs out with other people who she prefers and lies to you. There isn't some large diabolical scheme here. She is just an immature and shitty person.
I don't think you realize what is actually happening here. Sure, you disagree about how to raise pets and how to interact with a shared responsibility. Guess what? This isn't just about pets, this is about your RELATIONSHIP and how you two communicate with each other. If you replace pet with child, just imagine how well that is going to go. This is the only major obstacle in your relationship and you can't find ways to compromise, agree and treat each other well. This is why people get pets as test children, because it's important to see how you interact as a couple with stress and a living creature. Get rid of the dog, but prepare for the next major stress on your relationship to cause the exact same problems. Whether that is an illness, a death in the family or kids.
Yeah, that's alright man, don't worry about it. I'm 36 years old now and remember when this type of stuff was common in early college and late high school. It sucks, but it will pass and there be other women. You're correct, just as you aren't entitled to have her, she isn't entitled to your emotional support and adoration. Cut contact and move on. At least you can walk away with your dignity then.
I mostly agree...that being said, the desert map is so hard that I find it kind of boring. Sure, it's a challenge but I'm not sure if it's a challenge that is fun. Maybe I could slap things together and beat it somehow someway, but I'm just not having fun doing it. All in all, been playing heavy for about a week or two, love the game, but I am ready for a bit of a break while more content is added. Will definitely revisit from time to time and highly await a fun storyline mode (and hopefully double sized co-op map of some sort). Pausing is such a key part of the game, that may be a difficult hurdle to overcome and make fun without some fancy game syncing going on in the background. Great game, made me play more and harder than any game in a long ass time (I'm a 36 year old guy, I just don't get into games or most things like I used to). Was fun to have that feeling again.
I got one for a free mayor bonus. Yes, they are a waste of money, but shit, they are fun to stomp around and kill with.
watttt, I never have anything close to that level of snipers. This guy is being a bit too hard on you IMO. To get by at challenging on the first map, I'd say you need at least 15 Thanatos if not 20, 30+ at a minimum is a bit much for a minimum. Snipers are nice, I often find myself with 25-30 or so. That is mainly because I use them to clear the map and then take them back for the final wave. I wouldn't worry so much about them. The amount of executors you have seems completely fine for that amount of walls and choke points. I guess I'd give you this general advice. 1. Always be expanding. You should view land as your #1 resource over food, housing, energy, stone, iron or anything else. Land is the single most important resource in the game, by far. Get more land. If you aren't expanding right now, why not? That is a question you should constantly be asking yourself until mid-late game. 2. Build tier 1 buildings as much as you can, don't upgrade until you have to. 3. Don't worry about wire, stakes or any of that. 4. Don't upgrade your executors until late game, as they take up a lot of resources to maintain.
Agreed, I just don’t think it’s a “thing”. It’s not that it needs to be dumbed down, the joke just doesn’t work really.
Skjord Jones: Shaddup! I had that part in The Hand That Rocks The Cradle 3: The-Recradling. I'm a working actor! Joseff Jraglsen: You need to get a day job and give up this acting business, you'll never be famous. Skjord Jones: We'll see whose famous Joseff. I have big plans...big. plans.
Lol, that’s like telling a woman to cover up if she doesn’t want he be harassed. Let’s not victim blame.
Working a new job, really liking it. They have an ok gym, no free weights but a nice yoga area, pull up bar and some other things to get me by. The locker room is pretty small, a dozen lockers close spaces, urinal and a stall. I've found that employees like to use the stall in the locker room as their personal quiet bathroom space. They literally scan their badge, come in, drop a huge one to stink up the entire locker room and then walk out. You literally have to get an HR form signed to get key access to the gym. People seem to be signing up for the gym to literally stink bomb the entire locker room rather than use one of the regular bathrooms. Why people, why!!!!!
Yikes, you are angry. Colorado has probably the second best weather in the country. Take SoCal's problems, apply it to yourself to a lesser degree and here we sit. Generally, what are you trying to point out? Homeless people = burning countryside? Kill the homeless to prevent forest fires? Equip all homeless with fire extinguishers?
When I see someone holding up a sign stating "Save the forests, kill all homeless" on /r/idiots, I'll know who it i is, at least. That is one thing I can thank you for.
Right? Who the hell is going to take on a three syllable word instead of just saying “drone”.
half of whom earn 6 figures? I think your numbers are way off. You don't have a single developer in the bay area making less than six figures, starting salary.
Yeah, I don't know if you can even call it gentrification in instances like this. People like to live places with nice weather. Denver has great weather. People with money will pay to live in that environment. People without money can't afford it. This is exactly what it's like in SoCal. It just is what it is, I don't see how stopping an Amazon HQ is going to change that.
That's true, while very expensive, Seattle isn't the bay area (salaries are generally quite good though, not bay area good). I think Denver is way behind the game in salaries, for the moment. As more tech moves there, that will change (then again, everything will start to be even more expensive, so it won't matter much).
Yet, being the key term. Change is happening rapidly.
My first fist fight involved one of these. I was in 4th grade and brought the transforming McNugget box. A kid asked to see it and I gave it to him. He looked at me and threw it as hard as he could. Immediately my vengeance came upon him with furious fists of rage, unrelenting in their spasms of justice. I learned to be a man that day. Thanks McNugget.
Oh, ye poor soul. Do you think that it will be existing residence getting access to great paying jobs at HQ2? The far more likely scenario is people who are sick of paying Seattle and San Fran prices move to HQ2 in Denver for high paying jobs and good environment. Then Denver becomes San Fran 2.0 and the local community still doesn't have better jobs and get priced out of their homes even more. We're not a geo-centric economy these days. Just because a building is somewhere, doesn't mean much of anything. The best you can hope for is good investment locally and good taxes for your city.
I've thought this entire time that Denver is the perfect candidate. It's like the 4 seasons California...dry, good weather, four seasons (but not too cold), great views, liberal. Denver is already on the way to becoming the silicon valley of the middle of the country. If people can't see that, they're not really looking (or don't want to look, which I can't blame them).
I feel like Denver knows that its incentives are weather and views. When you have that, you don't have to throw the baby out with the bathwater. The quality of life drives the best talent to living there.
And the people that move to Denver. It is a bad move for those who already live there though. Denver 2.0, a middle of the country San Fran.
idk, at least the vikings make a good showing most years. I'm a casual fan but tend to watch most of the games, I get a lot of enjoyment out of it. Yes, these playoff and divisional losses can be tough...especially when there are a few happenstance things that change the entire game out of our favor...but we got that one in a million last game and blew it ourselves this game. I'll still watch, year after year. Then again, I'm a pretty casual fan and it doesn't matter all that much...but this is way better than having the browns or half of the other NFL teams as your home team.
I felt like that was such a small part of it. Economically, it’s better to have two other teams here. I cared 99.9% about just being in the game and .1% of it being here.
Your base is so small! I've been failing this map at 300% over and over again. I'm not sure if my single soldier draws too much attention at about day 7-10 but even with a good 10-15 archers, a mini wave tends to hit and I can't stop them as it causes a chain reaction...even with those archers, double walls, it's over.
Hmmm, ok, I was suspecting the soldier. I think map 4 also packs runners/black suits much much closer to the easier waves than in any other map. Any aggro of any kind will lead to your demise, in short order. I'll drop the soldier after the first few days and see how that goes. I know archers put off almost 0% aggro individually, thanks for the tips!
Map 4, id day map 2 is probably the ‘easiest’.
Oh! Hmmm, thought I saw cactus! My bad.
It's something different, I work off of Nicollet and have to work from home all week and a few days after. I'll definitely take a peek at some of the activities though. I mean, they have a zipline setup right next to the Hennipen Ave bridge, that will be fun to watch. Then again, I live right in NE so it's easy to walk or uber to most of the events, I think it will be kind of fun.
I'm having better luck this go-around. I'm at about day 40 with a very good sized base. Early on, even up to day 10, it can be a bit of work clearing a good perimeter. I do kite with rangers (or even use one ranger as a decoy, if absolutely necessary) and would still run into constant issues with mini waves. Once I get past that first 'real' wave at about day 12, things become much more manageable as I ballistas deployed in key areas...but it can still be hit or miss.
Yeah, exactly. Often times I'll 'fan' out my rangers on the higher difficulties, just to keep them sound separated but able to assist others in nearish proximity.
I've had this happen at a previous job, several years ago. If I remembered correctly, it would only happen with reoccurring meetings, are you noticing this behaviour as well? If I remember right...it was only reoccurring meetings...or ONLY meetings created by his assistant on his calendar. I believe the work around involved launching two instances of Outlook. Rather than modifying his calendar in her Outlook as a delegate, she ended up getting full mailbox access and launching his Outlook profile and that 'resolved' the issue. Yes, it's kind of a shit work around, but it was the only way to get it to work with 100% consistency. Also, the Outlook app will work 100% of the time, but he probably doesn't want to use it. It is an option though.
&gt; Recurring Appointments must have an end date - It can be 8 years from now, but can not go on forever. Yes, exactly what I found to be true.
I know some people are going to hate this....but I volunteer at a dog shelter and work with a lot of pit bulls and various mixes of pit bull. These dogs love people. I go in the kennel and their tails are going crazy, loving the petting and just having someone pay attention to them. You get any other dog close to them or in their space and they 90% or the time go berserk. I wouldn’t care about living with pit bulls honestly. I would worry about the safety of my own two dogs though. Not to mention having to worry about a dog made or 60lbs+ of solid muscle wanting to tear my dogs limb from limb. I don’t think an hoa has a right to restrict your animals. As far as renting goes though, I’m glad to have these restrictions. Yes, pit bulls are just dogs but they are dogs that can kill most dogs, easily. They do not share that distinction with 95% of other breeds.
Hell, fitness is even hard to prove one way or the other with a study. Hormones, bone density and body equilibrium are probably the three most important things in lifting and gaining strength. You can’t be most effective when you literally cannot control any of these variables, except for one (with drugs). How can we ever have a single useful study when everyone is so different?
I’d lump in German shepherds in that 5% I mentioned. I’ve worked in a shelter for years. Our experiences are anecdotal but I haven’t seen many dog friendly Pitts in my time.
I don’t know if I’d go this far but I would agree certain breeds are more prone to certain behaviors. Honestly, any dog that is 60-90lbs of pure muscle and a clamp jaw is just not something I want around me or my dogs. People obviously have a right to own whatever dogs they want. I’d argue that people should also have a right to not have forced interactions with an animal who could easily maim or kill you or your dogs.
I’d say the capability is more my concern. I can barely trust people to not be an asshole on a daily basis. The last thing I want to worry about is somebody in my apartment building that I don’t know who is walking around a dog capable of easily killing or seriously injuring.
It's so bizarre that people are willing to accept certain behaviours like swimming, herding etc as dog breed characteristics...yet overly protective is not seen as a trait that can exist. It just blows my mind. My terrier mutt throws his toys up in the air and shakes them around. My other dog doesn't. It is a trait of his breed. While it's not to say he is the only breed that does that, the terrier in him is predisposed to that type of behaviour.
Because it doesn't fit the narrative of what people want to be true. People want all dogs to be equal and to be only targeted because of ignorance. The fact of the matter is, breed does matter.
While this discussion is about pits, I'd put all those dogs in the same category as protective/aggressive. We had to put our German Shepherd down for biting a neighbor when I was a kid. They're great dogs, if you're the owner. Others, beware. I think that is the crux of it. If you own a dog, it's going to be great to you. You need to consider other people outside yourself and the risk to them. People just don't want to do that.
Muscular breeds that have very strong jaws, yes. Actually, I probably overstated, that is probably less than 5%.
Aren't they? Most places I live place a restriction on weight, not breed, necessarily.
Having a dog aggressively barking at your dog or you, at the size level to do great harm, is akin to an unintentional threat. Do you disagree with that or no? The public space is absolutely the public space. While some people are afraid of dogs in general, most realize that most dogs are of no concern. If the world was only filled with pits and similar breeds, I have to wonder what place dogs would play in our lives at all, outside of farms etc. I have no scientific study and I can't pay for one. I'm sure you're in a similar boat. All you can do is look at statistics provided and what you see with your own two eyes (as someone who works at a shelter, I interact with new dogs all.the.time). Honestly, I'm of the opinion that I'd like to be comfortable where I live and I prefer having these size/breed restrictions. When I walk my dog around the block, there is a pit owner walking her dog sometimes as well. Her dog goes berserk, yanks on the chain and could easily kill one of my dogs if he got loose. My dogs stare at it, quizzically. I just don't see how that person having that dog that presents aggression should be their right while it isn't my right to not be threatened...ya know?
Sure, I hear what you're saying. Like a lot of these discussions, it tends to open up to the broader subject at large. As to the article, I'd say I agree with removing breed restrictions but continue to enforce size restrictions, I'd have no issue with that. If someone can have a 90-110 pound mastiff, someone should be able to have their 65lb pit bull.
You're applying human logic to instinctual beings. Dogs have some level of intelligence, but they are an extension of their human counterparts, in many ways. We punish animals indiscriminately for food and entertainment. If the animal is small enough, it's considered a nuisance and squished. Having a dog that is 'innocent' but bred for aggression isn't as much of an ethical question as it is a practical one.
Yay, open discussion without insults, we did it lol
They are bred to interact with aggressive animals, that was the point of the breed. They already ban the act of dog fighting. That's not going to be enough. A lot of these dogs come from abused homes already and that is enough for them to be a risk. You can try to regulate what people do with their pets behind closed doors, but that is a battle you're going to lose. In those instances, you have to ban the animal because you can't successfully ban the training.
I actually 100% couldn’t disagree more with that sentiment. For people, I agree, for pets, I completely disagree. You’re not going to have an alligator on a leash running around or millions of other dangerous animals. Whether you like it or not, the rights of people come over animals and the general safety of those people and property is paramount. If that means you can’t have a 65lb mass of muscle on a leash, that’s just how it is and should be, frankly.
A lot of us are ex fatties ourselves, even though you’d never guess.
I don’t have a problem with them as dogs, just the risk they pose to other dogs. I’d say larger dogs in general should be generally more concerning. Those that have a high level of muscle mass and a clamp jaw, especially. Even at the pound we have an 8 week required course as part of our adoption terms for pits. Whether you realize it or not, they are a walking weapon capable of a lot of damage. I know someone who works with highly disabled students. At small sizes or younger ages, outbursts really aren’t as much of a concern as she can control it or break it up. As kids get older and much stronger, the danger level goes up drastically. Size and strength should matter. Pretending they don’t exist is acting just as ignorant as you think I’m acting.
IT can be difficult sometimes. Their mindset is probably 'Things didn't break when we had the MSP, they are just as good as our on-site presence'. To the owner, it may be an extra 20k a year out of his pocket, that is a lot of money to a small business. A lot of these smaller places just get by on luck. They don't have very secure environments and are just lucky to not get it (or unlucky sometimes and get destroyed). Sorry bud, keep on keeping on. Use your resume to leverage another job....also, why do you care about this second job of yours? Focus on getting full time IT work.
Yeesus, that does hurt. We all know that moment...that singular moment when it hits you "shit, I can't handle this mob". With rangers, you can escape, with snipers, you can either decide to leave half to the wolves and retreat the rest or try to make a final stand. 500% is hard. I'm doing 300% on the 4th map and it's driving me goddam crazy sometimes. There is just no space, bad areas to connect walls, no choke points and a ton of higher level zombies.
I’m cynical, I’m going to assume the car was moved into the puddle and then this video was taken. This is what internet videos have done to me, I don’t believe anything is shot organically anymore.
lol, didn't even notice, I totally am right. God I fucking hate people.
TIL these are called 'toast' notifications.
What can people do that pays well but is less hours and less stress? I don't know what that job is. That being said, I am pretty good at enforcing good work/life balance these days (mid 30s). I think a lot of younger professionals have to put in a lot of hours to get forward, regardless of industry. It's up to the individual to start setting limits and realizing when their in a toxic work environment or not.
Bill, why lie to us, why! The tire tracks were already there, you can tell that you parked it and then pulled it out...why Bill, whyyyy!!!
They're a fair amount of work, this is true. For a 1000 user workforce with all the tools (Bamboo, Fisheye, JIRA, BitBucket, HipChat), we pretty much required a full time admin (which was me, largely). That includes working with a large engineering group though and managing content, build servers and other various tools. On-prem is the only way to get a lot of the integration pieces, as well.
idk, you want your sister to think like you and be a reasonable human being. She has never been reasonable and has always taken advantage of you and taken you for granted. She has shown this...life is not often like the movies. A big speech and a heartfelt apology often don't lead to reconciliation when the other person is a bully and think they do no wrong. I'm a 36 year old man, I haven't talked to my sister in a few years and probably won't really for the rest of my life. She is just a bad person with a lot of blame and mental issues. I don't miss her as she was always like this and was never the sibling I would hope she would be.
She probably wanted to have a regular fun weekend and relax, now she has a weekend of entertaining your family last minute. That. Is. Annoying.
IBS-D Started at 16...36 now, significantly more manageable these days. Vitamin D helps, keep Immodium on-hand, take an anti anxiety (as flare ups cause anxiety and anxiety causes flare ups). It's not perfect, but I live a normal life now I'd say.
For some reason, I love picturing the idea of you explaining all of this on first Tinder dates
Yeah, I never really understand posts like this. Expensive states and cities are expensive to live in. This isn’t something new to the past 10 or 20 years.
Can’t you see? They want to live in a highly desirable area but not pay desirable area prices. Millennial get mad about being labeled as entitled.....but that is exactly what is happening here. California is expensive. We don’t want to hear about it in every housing thread. Perfect weather and outdoors has a price.
lmao, please, please, please, elaborate on the vicious golden retrievers you've interacted with.
I’m not sure what else to say about this other than you’re delusional or a liar. Let me know how your pit bull choke hold works out. They literally have no neck. Not to mention less hair is worse as you have nothing to grip onto with your hands. You know, hands? The things you’re using to type out these ridiculous thoughts? Those things.
You have to realize you're enraged about her death and the futility of it all. You want to have someone to blame, even if you don't realize it. You want to use this anger and put it towards something. The friends are this something. They were trying to spare you, which seemed to actually help at your time of distress. I don't know if it's right or not, but they sound like pretty good friends, honestly. Don't use your anger at the death as a tool to lose control on people that care about you.
Eh, regardless, he is a human being and not in the youngest years of your life. It's better to just tie your mascot to a costume that can live forever.
Reading between the lines of your post and some of your replies, you resent your wife for not working and you resent having to be the primary breadwinner for the family and the accompanying stress. To your partner, she is feeling that she spent all this time working part time and raising the kids, she 'deserves' to stop working all together and maybe take a bit of the break during the day when the kids are in school. It sounds like you've both been putting in extra time and feel entitled to some luxury that this money can provide. Unfortunately, you have three kids. Three kids is stressful as hell. You're both right, you're both stressed and you both want some escape and relief from it. You both can't have that, so now you're mad at each other. She doesn't want you working part time because you both know there isn't as much work that needs to be done. Anyway, you should be looking at ways to invest this money so you can retire early or do something smart with it, rather than try to use it to go part time now. That is a very foolish choice that is going to provide part time relief. Work full time, plan more vacations with some of the money, your wife still needs to work and maybe you need to do some counseling to appreciate the position of each other better.
That makes sense, I'm not sure what you do for a career or what she does for a career, but you could always consider some other options like finding a full time job that pays less than your current but is far less stressful. It's hard to say. Honestly, if you let her stop working now, she will never go back to work again. I think it's personally a lot more realistic for you both to work part time and take care of the kids, that is the most equitable choice at this point. You both made compromises for her to stay home. This was her request and her choice. She got what you wanted, you should be able to get something of what you want. That being said, she was probably hoping to get to a point where she didn't have to work a job. This is probably something she is thinking about and has been thinking about for a long time. In the end, it depends what you want out of this situation, I guess. A happy marriage is probably pretty important on the list. Being equal is also pretty high on that list. Honestly, your wife might also not want you around the house all that extra time. This is an extremely complex issue that is going to have a severe impact on your emotional and relationship health in the future. I'd honestly sit down with a financial advisor and a counselor to help navigate this. This isn't a new car or a new house, this is the next 30 working years before retirement and probably can't be hashed out over some conversations.
lol, usually you do consulting work at 1.5-2x your salary rate not .5x. That is pretty industry standard.
I hear what you're saying, but I do think it's a mix of what people want and believe/deserve. People have been sold on the idea of single family homes with a yard their whole life. That is the American way, largely. In most of Europe, it's not like this. Population density forces a change of lifestyle. It's common to grow up in a flat or row houses or whatever other type of consolidated housing in the EU. I think a big problem is that people feel they deserve a single family home, close to the cities, which just isn't realistic in some of the most popular metro areas, unless you have a lot of money. You can be unapologetic, but you have to realize that the economy and capitalistic society is also unapologetic and will not give it to you for cheap.
Sure thing, I've owned both (just sold my house a bit ago to move back downtown). If I had kids, I'd have almost certainly stayed. All being said, the states do have a lot of space compared to a lot of 1st world countries. I guess, in the end, it all comes down to weather and environment. If you have good weather, things are going to be expensive, regardless of home type. I think that is one thing that is hard for people to swallow sometimes. Not to mention we're a pretty young country, some areas are still building up and reaching more realistic numbers for what they have to offer.
That is a tough business. As someone who has a degree in English and Journalism and swapped out to the technology field, it's hard to do for money what a lot of people will do for basically free. I have a lot of photographer friends and that is a constant battle. Trying to get paid for work...the people who make it just have work that is much better than the rest and get paid the rates for it. It's a tough business.
People hate this? I actually love most project managers. They assign key deliverables, determine scope, keep things on track and best of all they keep track or accountability. It can be a bit much at times but I love my PM folks.
The way you’re thinking, probably not. That being said, extending your base and then setting up actual final defenses at a choke point can be helpful. Zombies get distracted ransacking your town and villagers that it makes it a bit easier to handle waves from that direction. P.S I’d recommend not telling villagers that live in that area about the plan lol
Big Billy Bass Fish. The thought of millions of these in landfills is enough to give me an aneurism.
Totally forgot all about that! I'm doing my first full playthrough of Fallout 4 and appreciate remembering this little tidbit, appreciate it.
Dogs off a leash can cause other dogs who are on a leash to be more aggressive. Not to mention that people don't know your dog is friendly. They see a dog without a leash and that scares some people. Also, some people are just scared of dogs in general. Leashes are not just to control your dogs movements. It's to give others a sense of security and control of an animal in the presence of children and other humans.
Serious question, I’m an American and in my mid 30s. When I think British, the thought of overly polite never crosses my mind. Is this a global conception of British society? I think more of brutish football, beer and London crime and perhaps high society...but general politeness never crosses my mind.
This is decidedly impolite!
Honestly, I would have just started splitting your doses and gone from there. I know it seems like a personal affront but this strong of a reaction concerns medical providers and makes them wary.
Agreed, you're not going to get the next best thing at 23rd overall. We'd almost certainly lose on this deal.
There is correlation and there is causation. Minnesota has 3-4x the amount of fortune 500 companies that Wisconsin does. Also, Milwaukee is a few hours from the center of the entire midwest (Chicago), which means that companies most likely choose Chicago over Milwaukee. Then you have to consider the amount of agriculture present in Wisconsin. This is apples to oranges. Just because we're border states doesn't mean that we're the same state with the same economic possibilities. To equate Wisconsin's fiscal state to their Republican governor and our financial success to our Democratic is pretty ridiculous.
Not at all, I’m saying it may be related but people are using this as a platform for stating why Democrats are good for economy while Republicans are not. I’m saying that it is probably related to a lot of other factors and the political leadership is likely a minor factor and not a major one.
Those statements aren't really mutually exclusive. You can opt for more economic opportunities in other industries and try to maintain existing industry at the same time. Many states are suffering the effects of losing their manufacturing base. It should also be noted that Minnesota has 3M, which was hugely involved in that sector. It wasn't Minnesota policies that forced them to diversify their portfolio. It was the business itself that made those choices and was able to succeed, despite any political changes in the state. That's like blaming Detroit for not diversifying from the auto industry. How do you diversify when no one wants their business HQ there in the first place?
I think it’s mainly because western Wisconsin works in Minnesota so we end up with a lot of people from WI commuting to MN everyday. You don’t get that vice versa. That would just be my guess.
They don't, really. All of our fortune 500 companies were founded here and then grew. We're too cold for people to move their HQ to. Lots of places choose expensive areas with nice weather as that draws the best talent. Nothing to do with our people, it's just cold as hell.
bad bot
I've been in really really good shape from 25 until 34. Then, the strangest thing happened to me. I still loved lifting and working hard, but I just stopped caring about watching what I eat as much. I eat healthy at work, most evenings...but I eat pizza during the weekend, drink many delicious beers and generally eat what I want. By doing that, I went from 6 pack abs to about 20lbs over where I would normally be...and I find myself just not caring that much. Has this happened to anyone else? I want to have the six pack abs but I'm happy enough having muscle, looking pretty good and not torturing myself about food all the time.
The amount of work to lose that 15lbs and keep it off is Goliath in nature. Between a corporate job and a busy life I just can’t be cranky and thinking about food all day for 3 months.
I think that is the crux of it. If I gave up these 200-250 calorie IPA and stuck with kettle one soda with a lime, that would go a long way.
I don't know, I'd just let him have his food and just cut it by 20%. It will take months and months, but he will lose the weight slowly. That is what we did for our overweight dog.
Most of the work required a second dog, that is the only difficult part! She had some really good exercises around feeding both dogs treats, teaching them that they will get their turn, separating boundaries between dogs and showing that you can pet one dog without the other one freaking out...so hard to explain without being in person : (
I'm 36, I just don't play sports as I'm bad at them. I don't really think about it. That being said, it is fun to be good at things, it's fun to win. I do think I would like being good at sports and athletic pursuits. I feel like I'm a bit awkward around other men sometimes because I don't care about sports and I suck at them. That alone takes me away from about 75% of male relationships in my age, it seems.
Impossible to know, probably a move he uses fairly often. If you really don't want a hookup and want to focus on LTR, I would honestly hold off, even if it is tempting.
Reading your post, it seems that you're more worried about having the responsibility on your shoulders and not feeling 100% comfortable being the lead on technologies that your 3rd party vendors support. You're a bit scared as you think you can't handle it and might look bad. These feelings are pretty natural. All you can do is get ahead of it and start studying. Some people like being the person in charge, the one where everyone goes. To others, it's a dreaded nightmare (I'm more in the latter category).
It’s dumb but I’m a big fan of not victim blaming.
People shouldn't be stealing cars. If you're blaming the owner of the car for leaving it unattended to get some fast food, that is victim blaming. Should the guy go to jail for leaving the car running and the dogs in there? Should someone who leaves their house unlocked and someone burglarizes it be blamed? I just don't find it to be a fruitful use of time to blame someone for a mistake that someone else takes advantage of.
Abso-fucking-lutely I'm in my mid 30s, make low 6 figures, have a great partner, loft, dogs, a good life. That being said, liquor is holding me back. I don't drink all nights, I don't drink most nights, but I tend to binge drink heavily on the weekends which seems to have a mental impact on my week. I have little interest in learning anything, my emotions are stinted, I'm not the person I know I can be if I quit drinking altogether. I'm disengaged from the world. I'm not happy or sad, I'm not passionate about anything. I do like going on a binge, sometimes its fun (sometimes its not). Liquor is stinting my enjoyment of life and my ability to embrace my inner self and take the world into my arms. All that being said, why am I not quitting? Honestly, because half the time it is quite fun. It's fun to go play bingo all day and drink, it's fun to drink and go out dancing and act like a kid. It's fun to change my mental state from one thing to another. Will I quit? I'm not sure. I read this subreddit quite often. I quit for a few weeks and noticed I felt a lot better. In the end, I think I'm someone who internalizes a lot. I think, constantly. Liquor gives me an outlet to get out of my own head. I think that is the long and short of it. The bottle is there when life is too much and the bottle is there when you're kind of bored with everything else.
Not happening, generally. Those labs are very unlikely to be covered, either. That being said, you can use an HSA to at least get the tax break as they do fall under that criteria.
If this is the YMCA, that is the only place I could see something like this being...not super frowned on, but still unacceptable. Any other gym, this is a liability for insurance reasons alone. I wouldn't even bother with the manager, I'd just shoot a note to corporate.
Is it me or does anyone else prefer his female guests over his male guests? He almost seems like a guy who relates to women better and/or women just tend to open up to him and share some personal insights. Hell, I even loved the Sarah Jessica Parker one and I'm a 36 year old man. I always look forward to any female guest and the banter that ensues.
I've definitely said it before, but I can see the incels point. When no one seems to want you, that is hard to deal with...and then the lashing out begins.
I don’t want to be that guy, but east side Saint Paul is not quiet north Minneapolis, but it’s a rough area.
Probably women who love beards. For the simple fact I’ve never been able to grow a proper one.
Glad youre ok, that is scary stuff. Other than getting your bike fixed, you’ve now earned the right to argue about bike laws and add “Well I was hit by a goddam truck when following the law” to every post. Enjoy this new power.
There are a lot of pills out there that actually do help, if taken as directed. I use drinkwel when I know it’s going to be a heavy night. I also eat a banana before bed for potassium.
They had an unlimited budget and paid a company a bonus of ONE MILLION DOLLARS for each day they finished early. If money was no object, these projects could be done in a third of the time.
Yep, we got federal disaster funds to have work go on 24/7 and a guarantee of one million dollars per day for each day less than the projected time. When money is no object, shit gets done lol.
I could see this happening to me. Stomach is rumbling. Dear god, I have to use the Burger King bathroom. Go in there, see the poop splashed toilet. This is going to be ugly. Set my phone and my gun down, drop trow and get to business. Wondering how I got my life in a direction at 36 where I’m in this Burger King toilet stall. Get up, forget gun, get in car and think about the shower I’m going to take to get this stench off of me. Realize my gun is gone. Shit.
Because it’s not a little expensive, it’s a lot expensive. You can’t even pay 2x to get work done twice as fast. You’d be looking at 3-4x or more. It would cost an extra billion a year id imagine.
Ehhhhh, I’m not a big sports person but I do think professional sports does add economic viability to an area as well as making it more attractive to businesses and people to move to an area. Sports aren’t just sports. They’re economic and sociological vehicles for population and income growth.
It was a police officer? They carry guns. I’m just saying that I can see forgetting a gun being as easy as forgetting your phone in the bathroom stall.
Why?
You know, if you like Thai and Indian, Gorka Palace is a surprisingly nice second date. It’s usually fairly busy, cozy, shareable and quaint. Other than that, Marvel bar is a fun and more trendy date, 112 is a cozy date spot, a bunch more but I’m at a drive thru window and just end this...
That isn’t worth a billion tax payer dollars imo. Personally, I just moved closer to work and an area with a lot of jobs. People want bigger houses these days, this is the price of that.
Stick every three days. So once every 3-4 months you get pellets put in your butt that slowly dissolve. You have to limit activity for a week or so and then you’re usually good to go and don’t have to do anything until next cycle. The bad comes when you get a pellet that works it’s way out, I had an infection once that was bad and having your levels start low and go high then lower again over 4 months is much worse than having levels swing over 3 days. I hate needles but I’m excited to make the transition.
I've played it so so so much. I don't think I'd honestly like to revisit it again. I know the world inside and out and am really only excited for new content.
This has been driving me kind of nuts lately. I understand there is some gas lines and various work being performed on Hennepin, things need to be fixed. What I don't understand is the need to have this random 10 foot section of Central down to one lane. There appears to be no work going on there, just removed justttt enough of a lane to make it unusable and completely backup traffic. Why.
I am totally ok with that, we need to maintain infrastructure, that's fair and necessary. I think my annoyance came when they just randomly seemed to toss Central down to one lane as well...for seemingly no reason and for only a 10 foot section.
Haha, for sure. If there is no end, you can get lost to the void. I think it's worse for people with addictive personalities. When I look back at my 2 years playing 10 hours of MMORPG (or more) a day, not much I gained out of that. Now I game a bit less and just play games that have really great single player and story driven experiences. When I look back at playing those games, I really don't have regrets. I enjoyed the experience and they didn't take away my life.
I hear ya. I think people get worried about 'if we get this, then we don't get that'...whereas we we'll still get single player Fallout, just won't be here for some years. I can see the appeal of base building, it is addictive. Plus, who doesn't enjoy setting up an insane amount of turrets and watching them rip through waves of gunners.
That's true, good point! I wonder as the engine gets more and more messy and complicated and adding voice acting, those quick turnarounds are dead.
Which is ok with me, I don’t mind a break. I’d love to play a new elder scrolls game anyway. They scratch similar itches for me.
This is the kind of thing that gets people like Trump elected. I'm pro choice, pro let people say what they want to say, pro public services, pro global healthcare...but when I see such a liberal slant on illegal immigration...where it's not even noted, it really annoys me. I was listening to NPR the other day and they had a story about someone living here illegaly...getting deported back to Mexico and how Mexico didn't have a good enough program for ensuring their citizens re-integrate into Mexican society with enough money...insinuating he should have just been able to stay. ultra liberalism is already leading to the death of the Democratic party and we're all paying the price for it by having all these Republican's elected. Sorry for the rant.
I don’t think anyone has ever been worried about pit bulls protecting their owners. It’s everyone else that people are worried about.
Well, modern society certainly frowns on land seizure. That being said, if you could stop me, my family and the government of the place I live, you may be able to do that. Unfortunately, you have no power or authority. No one in history was cool with losing their land and having it taken from them by force. It was always an act of forcefulness. As to Israel, they did things the modern way. They setup in an area and started buying everything. That is the modern version of territorial acquisition. At a point, Palestine was mad about this and tried to take it back by force. They lost and they lost additional land because of it.
Your levels were about where mine were at your age. I’m 36 now. I was so fucking tired all the time that I marveled at how people did physical labor of any kind. It was truly a mystery to me. Got on TRT and haven’t looked back. I’m at about 2 years now. While it has been difficult with managing E2 levels from time to time, I found it made a 100% difference. That being said, I’d highly recommend looking into TRT as well as hcg to keep various other hormones in check. I found for the first year my dhea was very very low and it was causing its own set of issues. Research heavily.
How do your engagement end? If on good terms, this could get really ugly if he finds out you decided to date someone you met on a night out while you were engaged.
It bodes bad for Germany when we’re still associating Scandavians with raping and pillaging after 1200 years.
Variety is the spice of life. I change up my gym routine every 3-6 months, or so. It's like eating everything the same day, it gets boring and predictable. Our minds crave mental variety.
I've never seen evidence of anyone doing it naturally, outside of maybe 100ng difference from lifting heavy and the right diet.
I'll give you some advice. Don't use exclamation marks...pretty much ever. It makes things read like a comic book.
I make decent money, but I realized that this is...man, probably 700 dollars a year that I could cut down to 200? That is worth it to me, I think.
Any resources you use for making your own? What is the one you're using?
"Potion Station" I like that
Thank you!
I actually feel pretty good, generally. That being said, if I can get 5-8% greater reps in using a PWO, it's worth it.
Interesting, what would make you say that? I would assume one more rep to failure, that I may not have done, is one more rep closer to gains. Is that incorrect?
I do, but I like a more organic experience of talking to fellow Redditors about their personal experience. I think a lot of that happens on Reddit.
I use nitraflex. One can for 30 lasts me about a month.
Interesting, a good point and key to understanding.
Schedule, pay for labs. Go to a local labcorp affiliate for about 250 dollars. Labs go to them. Get a physical, provide them the information. Once both are complete, schedule a dr consult, this usually 3-4 weeks out.
Too much AI, I'd split that test dose in half (once every 5 days, or less), split that AI int .2mg or less every five days.
Wut? I was under the idea that progesterone stops working when you start TRT without HCG. I thought the idea behind HCG was to keep these other hormones producing as your body shuts down all natural production when test production stops.
Right, I just wanted to make sure it was clear that test without hcg will have an effect on hormone production, to some degree and should be taken into consideration.
Possible, it's hard to know really. If this a something that happens to you often, then I'd recommend just going to therapy and finding out what that is all about. If it hasn't been an issue and you feel that you have been helping her, then perhaps it's just one of those situations where someone judges others on their actions and themselves on their emotions, this is pretty common. To have expectations and not communicate them is to expect magic to happen. I also don't really like how she noted that she was only cooking for you because you were helping with her 8 year old. Keeping tabs on who is doing what, when and for who is not good.
I'm 36, I literally say the following to myself everyday, multiple times a day "Don't be an asshole" "Don't jump to the negative conclusion" "People are as negative as you make them out to be" Strangely enough, I think Reddit has made me less empathetic as opinions are often so polarizing. I think it's an overall negative to visit Reddit too much. Therapy also helped a lot. I learned that a lot of my anger and cynical nature is due to not being cared for much as a kid. I grew into a habit of 'I was never cared for, so fuck everyone else', type of attitude. I also started volunteering at a dog shelter a few years ago, working in adoption support (once every two weeks). When you see a sad sad dog get adopted, it pulls your heart strings, even if you are a cranky bastard like me. *sniff*
Didn't even consider this irony. We are the vault dwellers, they are vault-tec...my god.
Who even names people Jr's and III's? I feel like that is something that has fallen way way way out of fashion. Even the idea of it is somewhat egotistical.
For sure, I have a mutt at home and would really be curious to see what he may contain, even if it isn't 100% accurate.
Ehhhh, I think it started like that for me. Then it grew more negative as time went on. I know I don't know what I'm talking about, but I found myself getting really annoyed when other people didn't know what they're talking about and then arguing with them about it. Just not healthy.
Eh, for a device you use everyday of your life, for a few years...$210 for a better phone isn't that much to most folks.
All depends, really. I met my partner when she was one month separated and never wanted to be in a serious relationship again. We will have been together three years in November and live together, very happily. The world doesn’t go by your clock or convenience. If you like someone a lot and they like you a lot, don’t throw it away on some notion about what you thought you wanted. Just my 2c.
I can see the argument. I owned a house in south Minneapolis. It was nice, quiet, had a nice privacy fence. To have a building put next to it where people are above me and looking down into my yard is not something I would enjoy. I think the term privacy fence is because people enjoy privacy. Fences make good neighbors, as the saying goes. All that being said, I think I approve of the plans. Non oppressive buildings with minimal tenants that allow a neighborhood to keep most of its character. I think that is a good compromise.
I think people just call this addictive personality type. I’m sure a lot of us have it. You just hope to transfer bad addictions for “better” ones like working out, learning etc.
I’m a fairly left leaning Democrat. I don’t think this has a ton to do with Trump (other than removing the blanket asylum policy). We have the most lenient immigration policies out of any first world county. We’re one of only a few countries who guarantees naturalization by being born here. Countries need to control immigration. If you don’t want to be ripped from your children, don’t move to the country illegally. I don’t know how to state that in simpler or fairer terms.
This argument is very confusing to me and I hear it often. To you, it is a single crime of crossing the border illegally, a misdemeanor. The reality is that it is a misdemeanor with the intent of committing additional misdemeanors and potential felonies by living here illegally, potentially falsifying identity etc. It is morally repugnant but if you don’t do it, you show there is no punishment for moving here and staying illegally. Honestly, I’d move more towards what Ireland and France did in the 90s. Being born in the country doesn’t guarantee citizenship.
Are you saying that people who sought asylum under Obama’s policy are now being deported or are you saying that the folks seeking asylum after overturning of Obama’s presidential order? If the latter, then I see no problem with it. Honestly, I don’t think a presidential order should have been enough to change asylum policy in the first place.
Perhaps you are right about that. Then again, there is a lot of judgement passes onto precious generations. Things are more complicated when living the present instead of viewing things in hindsight. What would your solution be to this, out of curiosity?
I absolutely do, but I care about my country and it’s success and stability more. I support asylum from tyrannical governments and war torn countries.
These are some good questions that I would love to discuss further. I’m posting from my phone in the car, will bring up some counterpoints and data to support that when I’m able.
That would only support more attempts to illegally immigrate, because the only consequence of the action would be to have your family moved together, back over the border, until they tried again.
Having it make us what we are is much different from continuing to allow our success. Just because immigration built this country does not mean indefinite immigration would continue to make us better. I’d argue the exact opposite.
So...coming to a country, illegally, of your own volition and then having punishment, is somehow worse than enslavement or near abolition era law. Alrighty.
You’re just wrong and emotionally invested. No matter the facts, you’d never change. I can’t have a debate with someone’s feelings. I accept that as another part of reality, wish you could too.
Great way to reply without actually saying anything.
I thought about it a bit and actually think you’re right. While I do want immigration more tightly controlled and do stand behind most of my arguments, it is a cruel thing to separate children and parents. I want immigration control but I do not want families split up, even during the deportation process.
This is true, I don’t. All I can do is make my other point, have others make theirs and we go from there.
I appreciate the thought out post. Would it be fair to say that they’re only requesting asylum based on the asylum changed made during the previous administration (asylum seekers from Mexico were allowed as long as they could prove they had someone to stay with), whereas the current administration overturned that and most asylum seekers from Mexico are held for a time and returned to Mexico?
It is, when you have money. Tell that to someone who has nothing and may be starving. People speak of ethics to a point from a position of comfort.
So...more unskilled labor to the abundance of unskilled labor is good....because it gives more jobs? I don’t think I follow that.
Pellets lol, going to change to injection in a month.
If you do any reading on the subject, this isnt about asylum seeking, its about crossing the border illegally and getting caught. Let’s at least agree with what is being talked about. I’m against splitting up families but let’s not pretend it’s about asylum seeking vs crossing illegally and getting caught. https://www.vox.com/2018/6/11/17443198/children-immigrant-families-separated-parents “There are also some cases in which immigrant families are being separated after coming to ports of entry and presenting themselves for asylum — thus following US law. It’s not clear how often this is happening, though it’s definitely not as widespread as separation of families who’ve crossed illegally. Trump administration officials claim that they only separate families at ports of entry if they are worried about the safety of the child, or if they don’t think there’s enough evidence that the adult is really the child’s legal custodian.”
I think that is a net plus. We should not support the process of importing manual labor to ensure business can make money at the expense of the tax payer. If you can’t be profitable without illegal labor and giving no benefits to workers, it sounds like that business is best to not exist at all.
It isn’t a constitutional right, but if that is the law we made, we should follow it.
The wealthiest few percent own most of the wealth. Illegal immigrants take from those who already have so much taken from them. I just don’t agree with that as a practice.
It’s so weird to me the amount of comparisons between slavery and illegal immigration. Enslaving someone and not allowing someone to move to your country couldn’t be further apart. Come up with an apt comparison or just stop using it.
The one thing you’re not seeing is that the first problem would have to be solved before the second could even be considered. With greater wealth distribution, we could look at opening up immigration...and do a lot of other things. To consider opening up immigration without the former already in place, is pretty irresponsible and economically burdensome to the general populace. As to the asylum point, that doesn’t seem to be happening, generally. The vast majority of cases seem to be related to folks illegally attempting to cross the border and reside in the country illegally. Regardless, I do agree families should be kept together, if possible, while waiting for return to their country. I think we’re mixing general immigration opinions with the subject of the post.
It’s funny to see you mention deflections and mischaracterization. To me, that’s exactly what I’m seeing from your end by pointing to slavery as an equal comparison between illegal immigration. As to the separation of families, I do change my tone in that (responded to another poster yesterday, whose arguments actually make intellectual sense and present compelling arguments). Regardless of immigration policy, I do agree separation of families is an unnecessary cruelty that should be avoided. The previous policy of homing together before deportation is the more agreeable an ethical action. As to balking, I only balk at your inability to present a reasonable argument that doesn’t attempt to conflate. You’re like the liberal version of an alt righter conspiring the holocaust to oppression of the white man, it’s mesmerizing in the most bizarre way.
It’s obvious you’re married to this issue based on personal feelings (whether you’re tied to a family or illegal immigrants or closely related). Let me explain to you, son, if you’re able to understand. We have a small negative birth rate in this country. We allow roughly a million legal immigrants per year, roughly equating to a net neutral statistic, which is fantastic. Educate me as to what first world country has a significantly population growth arc? You can’t, because there isn’t one. Perhaps there are positive reasons for that? Perhaps it is good to have a fairly flat population growth in a country? Look at the countries in the worst shape, they all have birth rates that significantly lap their existing population. As to who will take care of our elderly? Is the notion that we should allow more unskilled migrants to fill these roles for low wages, further taking away jobs from our own low skilled population? How does that make any logical sense for our country? We need immigrants, we let in about a million a year. We don’t need more than that and we absolutely don’t need more unskilled population with large families. I’d argue that is exactly what we don’t need. I’m sorry the reality doesn’t fit with your world view. I’m also sorry that economic intelligence equates to xenophobia in your mind. It’s a complicated subject, I’d expect someone who lacks insight to grab onto slavery or xenophobia to hold their poorly founded arguments.
It’s incredibly obtuse to assume taxes on goods somehow offset providing schooling and medical care for the family. I believe the cost per student is around 10k per year? Not quite covering it. Then again, go by emotions instead of actual numbers and continue to allow those feelings to make your decisions instead of the facts.
Hmmm, the booty paradox, quite complicated and far beyond my simple expertise...
While I don't honor the man, I think it's poor taste to release a documentary shortly after someone died, about all their evils...when they have zero ability to refute the claims or provide perspective. It's like they were vultures just waiting for him to pass so they could release this.
Startups are like cults. Most times you don't even have a proper HR department. Cliques form, bosses are weird (and very busy) and people seem to be let go for arbitrary reasons.
I'm more prone to confront someone or say something in a situation where I think they're really really really wrong. For instance, I was walking my dog with headphones in. This is my neighborhood, near the city but quiet. A car to my left was pulling up to a stopsign while I crossed in front of him. He honked his horn. I looked around and he seemed to be honking at me. He said that he was and I needed to pay attention where I was walking. I told him I have the right away, I saw him and he should watch what he is honking his horn at, when he is obviously wrong in the situation. I may have dropped it there without TRT, but I told him to get out of his car because I was furious. I think that extra 'edge' is definitely due to the TRT. I would have been very very mad in that situation normally, TRT might push me over the edge to confront someone more directly. Otherwise, not a ton of difference that I would put as negative. Im more assertive, more willing to take what I want and certainly more willing to be confident in a situation. That has all been good.
I think most Americans wish it was like that here. Pretty sad to think how wrong we are. Then again, a lot of innovation comes from our incessant greed. It’s like curing the ails of the world while poisoning our own dinner.
I don't see a single comment about anything you like...other than taking 2 years off of work to do...something? Perhaps your mind is stuck too much in that mind space still instead of understanding that most of us have to work for a living. Do you have anything you do like, that could translate into some sort of job in any field?
Agreed!
I volunteer at a local shelter and it makes me happy to think of some of these dogs I work with off and living their best life.
One is getting paid for a job, others are taking a free action, that is not required, without pay.
I broke up with several girls for similar reasons. When we started dating, they seemed to have friends and things they did. When we got together, that slowly stopped and /I/ turned into their only hobby. Then it was just Netflix, The Bachelor and wanting to hang out with me all the time. Honestly, I just kept on looking until I found a partner who had general interests of their own and things they liked outside of our relationship.
You don't really have to do both...maybe if you plan on kids, you have to make the choice, but otherwise, you have time to have a professional job while still pursuing your passions. I make good money, my partner does as well. We go to Europe, Japan, various other life experiences and she still paints and has artistic passion. Is she ever going to be a professional painter? Probably not. We know a dozen professional painters and I'm not sure how happy any of them are. Money is always a struggle, artistic integrity is tough and the amount of terrible people you have to deal with is...staggering. You think you want what you want...then you get it and find out that maybe it isn't as great as you thought it would be. Anyway, up to you, but I'm 36 and don't really have any regrets. I wanted to be a writer and a journalist. I look back at those dreams with a sigh of relief. I gave them up for a good job and I'm extremely happy I made that choice.
You're not involved in local news by any chance? You sound like my upstairs neighbor I worry about, often. I'd get the hell out of this relationship. Sociopaths tend to fool therapists as they know how to manipulate people and how to look 'good' when the situation calls for it. There is absolutely no light at the end of this tunnel (other than escalation of abuse if you ever get married to this man). I don't think the divorce trauma is the reason he is the way he is. I think he has always been like this and the divorce is a cause of that and his behaviour.
If you were the golden child, why do your parents worry about your relationship? Usually in these situations the parents favor the golden child and have disdain for the other child's inability to live up to the GC's abilities. If someone brings no positivity to your life, family or not, they need to go.
I think that he's just sad that he has a child and he was hoping for a mix of you or a 'mini me' version of himself. What he ended up with, is a miniature version of you. Also, it also speaks to some egotistical traits in him, where he really wanted a child to mimic his features. That doesn't bode well for his emotional maturity and perhaps...reasons for having a child. That being said, he is projecting and lashing out to hurt you in the same way he feels hurt. I'd say it's time to seriously put your foot down. Either he grows up and drops it, or you're going to suggest marriage counseling. I think a lot of things are best discussed kindly, but some things just need to be shut down, as they are completely unacceptable.
My dog smells like an old garbage can. He is a terrier mutt and it just seeps through his hair. That being said, I love it and smell him all the time.
I forgot about that mod...Jesus, I just have played it...18 years ago or something? So crazy how the landscape has changed. I remember when DOTA came out and remembering playing the original WC3 DOTA and being amazed how a 20 year old concept suddenly became the number one game out of nowhere.
I just rewatched this as well and was going to post about it! I rarely hear anyone talking about the show, now or then...and I find it to be a masterpiece. So much nuance and world building, fantastic.
As a Minnesotan...I hate to say it, but we have some really boring landscape, anywhere south of Duluth.
I think that you basically hit it spot on. Hills add texture, character, variety. Most of the state is just...flat. I do a fair amount of backpacking and have been around to a bunch of trails in MN and WI and always have fun. I think my favorite is to get canoes and canoe camp down the saint Croix in canoe only campsites. That being said, if you go outside the Midwest, the landscapes go from flat to breathtaking, just my opinion of course.
I’m from Minnesota, to think places like Denver has worse weather than the Midwest is laughable. Temperature swings? Who cares? If you think fluctuation in daily temperature somehow equates to worst weather, you’re delusional. All that means is random 60 degree days in February or random colder days. Colorado, objectively, has better weather than most of the country. If you lived in Wisconsin for a year, you’d be begging for CO weather. Dry, 4 seasons, generally warm, but not too warm and tons of sunshine. There are reasons SoCal folks are flocking there, it’s the next best weather in the country.
I don’t really have a problem with your point, but do take some offense to referring to guaranteed military benefits for fighting for the US tied to Medicaid or OAS.
Glad this is the first comment. It is the social media, to a large extent.
This really tickled my funny bone.
Pigs are, but I don't support it. This is just my personal opinion and actions.
I think that is a pretty fair question. I suppose I would draw the line at intellect (whether that is the ability to understand your existence in 3 dimensional space, or other criteria) as well as the ability to provide animals with some quality of life (the ability to allow cows to live together, graze, fed and killed in a humane way). I don't think most people could stick up for the animal industrialized process of treating animals as things rather than beings.
Good ol Jesse Ventura
I completely disagree. She sounds quite wise and patient and is the one there dealing with all this. She sounds kind of amazing.
I don't think 95% of the posters are in the wrong. Usually a lot of the rants are about people not picking up their weights, being impolite by using equipment for certain purposes (bicep curls in bench rack etc). I think this is a venting chamber for frustration more than it is a plan to action (hence the 'Rant' in 'Rant Wednesday'). In the end, the guy doing curls in the squat rack is entitled to do his curls there. He pays a membership, it's just impolite when he could do them elsewhere. You can bully someone out of the spot so you can do your thing, but I don't know if that is the right answer either.
I don’t think that makes a lot of sense (or happens). I’m open to other comparisons though.
I think there is a miscommunication, I'm not saying the person who wants to use the rack contacts the manager. The guy doing the curls contacts the manager because he was asked to move so someone else could do their workout. I'm saying, in a shared gym space, everyone has the right to use the equipment, regardless of how they're using it (within some level of reason). I don't think a lot of gyms really care about efficiency of workouts for members. They want people to sign up and not go and still pay their dues. We're a net loss to the gym, as we go often and make use of facilities. They're not worried about keeping us around.
Yoshi passing you in Super Mario Kart. I can never get his torturing "Rin Roo" sound out of my brain. Son of a bitch.
Of course she can, just matters how long you want “rest of your life” to mean.
Depends where you live, I guess. I spent 20 years driving two wheel drive vehicles in Minnesota. Upgrading to a subaru with AWD completely changed my life, in the winter.
Perhaps, I think people like underdogs, regardless of who the favorite to win is. We like when things happen we don't expect. A lot of life's enjoyment can come from the unexpected.
Been on pellets for over 2 years. Just switched to injections, will be starting in a few days. Pellets are ok. They are expensive, kind of a pain to deal with after placement and I don’t much care for the longer stretches of high and low. Injections give you a nice 4 day or weekly high and low, often with higher highs and higher lows but also giving your body a bit of a break in between. Not to mention injections are a third of the price.
"All to often motorist get upset when bikes are in their lane. But it’s fine for motorists to use the bike lane when it’s inconvenient for them." That isn't a one for one...bikes and cars can use the bike lane, bike lanes are supposed to be only for bikes. Anyway, rush hour downtown or in very congested areas are always going to be a free for all between car lanes, bike lanes, people picking up people from work, uber, lyft, taxis, people parking illegally, some getting towed, some getting tickets, some getting away with it, laws that allow busses to stop in the middle of intersections, protesters on the light rail, on and on and on. Throw summer construction into the mix and people are even worse because they're confused and/or frustrated. You can make the plea, but I think it will fall on deaf ears. I think things are mostly good during non-rush hour periods. The issue is that there are the most cars and bikes on the road, during rush hour. We can't even get people to follow standard car traffic rules during rush hour. It's goddam Thunderdome out there.
That helps my confidence to hear. I know it will all come easily once I get the first few ones down. Glad to hear it's nothing to worry about and not really much risk of doing anything wrong, unless I slip on a banana peel or something.
That's really interesting, I actually really liked my lab and the staff. I would typically replace at 3-4 months. I would replace, rest for 7-10 days from working out. At six weeks, I would get peak blood labs (usually around 1200-1250) At 12 weeks, I would start to slow down and get some labs. If they were below 700, they would re-insert. I didn't mind the process as much, just don't like having no control. Not to mention it's impossible to track proper AI usage over such a long period. You inject only once every two weeks?
Level-wise... With pin, lets say you trough at 700, peak at 1300 and back down to 700, all over a 4 day period. With pellets, I may be 600-800 for 1 month, 800-1250 in another month, 1250-900 in another month and down to 600 over the last month. The peaks and valleys last longer and I just don't like the mental effect of being 'high' for a long time or being 'low' for a long time, just doesn't feel good. Not to mention training goes completely in the trash the last month and a half.
No, this is when I was on pellets (not sure if that is what you're asking). For starting injections, I'll be doing it myself, went through Defy for consult, order etc.
Is this the male version of posting a picture of being dolled up, full makeup, hair done and asking how ugly you are?
This is something I hadn't even considered, good tip (literally and figuratively...because..pinning...tip...get it..urgghhh)
Because they are usually fairly ugly, hence becoming an incel, hence the circle of woman hating for not wanting to be with them. On and on it goes.
Some people say a bit less blood flow in Subq is better as it lasts a bit longer and doesnt have any potential long term scarring?
America is a young country. In Europe, home ownership is far rarer as the land was scooped up a long time ago. What’s happening now is all the good land is owned and built, so prices go way up. There is a reason so many European homes are flats/apartments, because only upper middle class can afford actual houses. I’m not sure why this shocks of upsets people. We were just born a bit late and land will be even more expensive in another hundred years.
And move to a 3x cost of living area. Guessing you're in technology (software development, most likely).
You’ve literally done everything a sane and rational person would. There is not a single piece of advice I can think to give out. You married a woman with no hobbies and no social circle and her entire existence and reason for being alive is those kids. To her, she is the reason the kids are alive and thriving. Without her, they can’t thrive. She had zero mental capacity to understand they don’t need her as much anymore and her mind literally cannot handle it. I have no clue how to help you. You can’t help someone who refuses to help themselves. Good luck, this is a tough one.
The funny thing is that most modern yoga teachers didn't take study in the practice of the religion, they just took study of yoga instructing and then co-opted the terms. That's not the same thing at all and should be discouraged.
It's interesting to see how 'spiritualism' has supplanted a lot of modern religion. As human beings, we really strive for purpose and something to believe in, that is greater than ourselves or this world. In the end though, all this leads to is people falling for sham snake oil salesman (ie. Goop Inc) and spreading it around as gospel. At least many churches do work for the poor and volunteer. These folks just put crystals on their hands and sit in a hot bath.
I wouldn't go as far to say it's 'wrong', but I would say it may be viewed as disrespectful/inappropriate to take someones religious practice and turn it into lip service for your stretching class, if that makes sense. To many, they'd say just strip out the religious/spiritual aspects and focus on what you're trying to do, in practical terms, while retaining a calming atmopshere (focus on breathe, use terms that match what act you're trying to perform, remove the mysticism).
I can see your point, if they're going to do 'yoga', they should use all pieces of 'yoga' and not separate out the spiritualism, as they're essentially stealing the essence/movement of yoga without the teachings of it. I'm not sure how I feel about that. In one way, I completely understand/agree...in another, it's just stretching and increasing mobility of the body, and that isn't unique to only yoga.
Pretty much...hey, we like what you did here with your religion thing, we want to do that, but the religion thing is kinda garbage and doesn't exist, so...let us just...grab this fella here...
&gt; rather just preparing the body for Yoga. That's presumptuous. You're assuming that most people would want to persue yoga, as a spiritual act. The act of the stretching is what Yoga is, to many people (including myself). It's not me preparing for Yoga, it's me completing the act of stretching and moving on. It's like saying washing your hands is preparing for surgery, when, for most, it's just about having clean hands.
37m with 34f partner, child free and committed to being child free forever. I never liked kids very much. I see a lot of people posting here about having nieces and nephews that they love and spoil...but I find kids generally annoying and not fun to be around. That being said, I do tend to shower my nephew with gifts. I suppose I'll start with the negatives - Life can seem less purposeful. People that have children often derive all their life's purpose from raising and providing for them. This gives you a reason to do things day to day, that you may not want to do. Human beings are very purpose driven creatures. God also fills this void for a lot of people. I don't want kids and I don't believe there is a god, so purpose can be a struggle. - No one will be there to look after you when you're older. That being said, a lot of kids aren't that great of caretakers anyway and you'll just as often find yourself in a bad situation with them, as without. - No carrying on your family line. To me, I don't care. To many, they do want to carry on their family. This is something I never really understood. As someone without much of an ego, it always struck me that we're unusually attached to our individual family units and really don't care much about society as a whole. - It becomes harder to make new friends as you get older. Old friends have kids and they are focusing on their family (as they should), but it can be very hard to make new friendships with child free people of similar tastes. - People that have children tend to go out far less and are far more available to work more. As someone who often has weekend plans or evening plans, I've noticed there is quite the culture of people with kids to be constantly home and constantly available to work. It can be frustrating. You'd think that having kids gives you less time...which it does, but your available time is often you being at home. Onto the positives - We travel a lot. In the past two years, I've been to Iceland, Japan, Mexico, New Orleans and Paris. I've seem many things that most people with children probably never get to see. These experiences have been great, looking forward to more. - Freedom to do whatever you want to do. This weekend, we watched Lord of the Rings, hung out with some friends, have a weekly tradition of watching football at a sports bar and we went for a romantic winter walk. - Dogs can really fill a part of the void of children. We have two dogs and they give us both a lot of joy. - More time for actually helping the world. Rather than focusing on your offspring, I can volunteer with organizations that I care about and actually make the world better as a whole, instead of just focusing on raising another human being who is going to just consume. I'm making much more of a difference in the world than most parents end up making. - Retire early (hopefully) I don't regret it at all. That being said, I do have a friend that I like a lot that has two kids, a great husband, great kids, great jobs and they seem truly blissful and happy. When I see them, I want to want to have children, but the urge just isn't in me. All that being said, you aren't guaranteed a healthy kid. You aren't guaranteed a smart kid. You aren't guaranteed a kid that will not get addicted to drugs and alcohol. You aren't guaranteed a kid that will call or visit when you're older. You're not guaranteed anything. If you're not ready to have a kid under difficult circumstances (difficulty etc), you're probably not ready to ever have kids.
I don't really blame them, too much. We all yearn for purpose and understanding in a world without purpose or understanding. It's quite a predicament for our sense of being.
Biggest problem is you're in different cities, that is not good. That being said, I've always found it's good to play it as casual as they want to play it. Seeming busy/indifferent can be quite the aphrodisiac. 25 year old women are often very busy in their social lives and building a career, just wait and see what happens.
Personal enlightenment is an admirable goal, but the structure of modern human existence just has it turning into a selfish and self indulgent experience.
I know, I agree, but they seek self knowledge and care little for the rest of the world. While purposeful, I’m not sure if that is a fruitful pursuit for a global society.
I’d honestly say the same about all Marvel movies. They’re pretty decent and a fun time, but that is where it ends.
Therapy and celexa actually helped my anxiety quite a bit. Through time, my general anxiety started becoming less and less...which helped me get less and less flare ups. The celexa does just enough to take the edge off of when I am feeling the 'beginning' of an anxiety trip. I know medication isn't for everyone, but everyone should work on breathing and other anxiety controlling practices. IBS is made much MUCH worse by anxiety. I'll also note that I have lomotil that I carry with me. Just *having* it with me, knowing I can take several to help with a flare up, is enough to help reduce my anxiety some. Having a sense of control, even if it's somewhat false, helps anxiety.
This is a large part about what being an adult is. Being really flippin annoyed/angry and then analyzing why you feel that way and trying to understand perspectives. It is often very difficult, but it's one of the most important traits an adult man or woman can have.
I think a lot of us that don't want kids tend to be from rougher upbringings. Most of my friends that are thriving in parenthood are those that had pretty good childhoods. Best of luck!
I always found my best luck was opening with something about being in the situation together. I.E. Sarah, Sarah Sarah, how did we end up here, eh? Online dating, looking at the dregs of society, hoping for a scrap of something good, knowing that it probably doesn't exist. Then kind of banter back and forth and end with something like Well, we both know how this turns out, but perhaps two terrible people could have a good conversation? Want to go for a coffee and a walk? We can count it as our exercise for the day. Then blah blah blah, go on date, maybe it works out, maybe it doesnt. Keep conversation on the apps limited.
Everyone from MN learns about this in MN history in grade/middle school. Not a secret (albeit, not known by people outside of MN, almost certainly).
I don't think so, separation of content and increasing rates of Hulu/Netflix etc, will replace them.
It costs a lot of money and takes a lot of talent to deploy it in a way to save you money. The problem a lot of companies have, is that it costs a lot of money to get the right people. So they just assume they get people they can teach, then they deploy it in a fashion that is just as time consuming as the manual process was, to manage. That is the biggest struggle with DevOps. You have to be able to be big enough to be able to afford the right team of people to deploy it. If you can't pay the money and continue to pay it, you're going to have a bad time.
While true, I think a lot of us are OK with that, as we ramp up the renewable plan and stop killing the planet with coal. Doing the right thing isn't usually the cheapest way to do it.
Sounds pretty interesting, but sounds like a lot of pressure, as well. It's nice what you have to say about the technology. As a mid 30s Sr Sys Admin, it was refreshing to go through AWS courses and certs and really get an excitement for a change in the technology landscape. Things are really changing and becoming much more interesting.
It can be hard...I had a friend learning Spanish and they would meet up with a casual instructor once a week. She made some pretty good friends from the program as it's a lot more casual (like, lets have coffee and talk in Spanish etc).
&gt; And yeah, the change to complete IaaS is awesome, you just have to sometimes fight the battle to get people to understand that being 'in the cloud' is more than just moving your stuff into more expensive, less-reliable hosting with a hipster porkpie hat on. This is about half the battle. People lose their mind when they find their cloud bills cost more when they just move their stuff out there and do nothing else with it lol. I'm in a sector that isn't going anywhere, could probably work here until I retire, if I had to bet on it. That being said, always gotta be learning. I am grateful for coming into IT at the age I did. For me, I'm more of an AWS admin, to some degree. The nice thing is there are some fairly easy-to-use tools for workflow, system deployment and resource management that makes it easier for old timers to adjust. If I had to sit and learn the entire Python handbook, I'd be in trouble.
