Or, Mom has almost no capacity to stand up for herself, nor, by extension, her daughter.
[Panic attacks are very treatable](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment%20for%20panic%20attacks). So is [depersonalization disorder](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment+for+depersonalization%2Fderealization+disorder).
No legal advice, but I think you might want to start by posting to /r/relationships. Maybe you, your mother, and your grandmother need to have a sit down and discuss what limits you want to draw and can stick to, and present a united, consistent front. Once you do that, you may find the police responsive. Right now they probably see no point in getting in the middle of a back and forth between various members of the family. Bear in mind that the three of you may not be able to reach an agreement, or your mother and grandmother might prove unable to stick to a plan. So, instead of trying to "save" them and dealing out physical justice to your brother, you might be well advised to save yourself and your stuff. In other words, decide what your own limits are, and stick to them.
You can meet with your mother and grandmother tomorrow, but like I said, by the sound of things they are not especially likely to want to or be able to set and enforce limits. Although they may not be as physically strong as your brother, they could always call the police if they felt unsafe. That they don't speaks volumes. That is a choice they are making. They may be your family, but they are competent adults, and you can't protect your family unless **they** want you to. All you can do is protect your own valuables and money. Move anything that you don't want to see disappear into your storage space tomorrow. Hire people to help if necessary. Until you have your own living space, your room should consist of your bed and a small suitcase and/or backpack with a couple of days' change of clothes and your toiletries. You have to take care of yourself. If your mother and grandmother cannot agree on a plan of action or stick to it, you cannot save them. It is not your job to save them. It is not possible for you to save them. You may have to walk awak from this situation. I'm sorry.
Unless he was an impulsive person who got a little too excited about owning an expensive and fast car.
Are you waiting for your parents to say, "Oh, you're right, thecagedbird_screams, and we're wrong. Go enjoy your freedom." Because they won't. It's up to you to be tough enough to endure being cut off by them and set limits. Maybe you'll have to block their calls for a while. Are you saying that you can't support yourself unless you live at home?
This person may be mentally ill. This is really not acceptable or normal behavior. Everybody makes mistakes, because we're human. You surely might have done something wrong with this girl. Well, it's her responsibility to tell you *there and then*. "Ow, you stepped on my toes," or "Hey, don't interrupt." "Oh, sorry!" Done. That's how friends are supposed to act. I've done some really stupid-ass things to my friends. They tell me what's wrong, I apologize, we move on. That's how it's supposed to happen. If somebody saves up some hurt or misdeed, says nothing, and then has a huge blow up over sins you had no clue about because they didn't bother to tell you, then that person is a colossal asshole. That person hurt you terribly and is a vindictive and cruel person. But for them to be one way, and suddenly switch and be another way, and not have anything specific that you even did wrong--the quotes you provide above are suspiciously vague and nebulous--then she may be mentally ill. There are some personality disorders that are characterized by the person idealizing others and then suddenly and violently changing their opinion to complete devaluation based on some tiny perceived slight that a healthy person wouldn't even notice. Do some reading on personality disorders. It's not you, it's her. I would say that the part where you two were close and trusting was real. This part, where she is evil and cold to you, is the mental illness. Unfortunately, you would probably so better to move on, but please don't blame yourself.
Having seen and gotten involved in my share of dying businesses, you're not necessarily doing him any favors by propping something that is still on the way out at the sacrifice of your health and sanity. If he's doing something wrong or is undercapitalized, it would be better if he acknowledged what was wrong and either fixed that or walked away before going horribly into debt.
You can't leave until September for safety reasons? Care to elaborate?
How long before they are old enough to go to school? i don't care how disabled they are, they legally have the right to an appropriate education.
Depends on the state. The child has some say inthe court, but until the court modifies it, the police will enforce the standing custody order if the mom calls them. That being said, the best thing OP can do is call the police whenever he feels unsafe--meaning verbal and physical abuse. For instance, OP, when she locks you in the garage, do you have access to food, water, bathroom facilities? If not, you can call the police.
I'm thinking, the more elaborate the wedding, the more dependent they'll be on others to finance it, and having more time to plan and complexity gives Kate more time and excuses to meddle. If everything is simple and the couple themselves are paying for things, the mother-in-law has less say. Although, having written this, she will probably try to stick her fingers in everything anyway, so yeah, the real issue is standing up to her.
Same here. I immediately named them Ashley and Brandon.
It's a species from the African sahel, so it needs space, lots of sunlight (or UVB bulb during the winter), and a grass and vegetable based diet. Also, look up the phrase pyramiding tortoise sulcata. Although this is commonly seen in captive tortoises, especially sulcatas, this is something you need to prevent.
Good Lord, what an absolute loonfest. Regard this as a learning moment. In the future, if you have your own business, remember the importance of drawing lines with clients. Document everything, use contracts, and fire your clients when necessary.
Your life was jeopardized with your last pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia is no joke, as you well know. It's one of the big reasons why women died back in the bad old days. Perhaps you're afraid of becoming pregnant. Regarding your career frustrations, I want to urge you to develop a career. If you have these frustrations, it's for a reason. Also, you never know what might happen in the future. Something might happen to your husband and then you would be in financial peril. Whether or not you have children in the future, you need to be ready to provide for yourself. This is from my personal experience. I gave up two great jobs for my husband, and it turned out to be an unwise decision. Now I'm middle aged and trying to rebuild a new career. People aren't so eager to hire middle aged women. Please don't let this happen to you. No matter how this turns out, and I do hope you take everyone else's advice to seek professional help, please take steps now to be able to hold down a job, and if you do end up having kids, their young, dependent years are short. Stay employed!
Almost any king of grass is okay, including your law, if you haven't used pesticides or chemicals. [This page](http://www.sulcata-station.org/diet.html) has a list of different grasses you can feed him.
Another thing to consider: it costs several hundred dollars to file for bankruptcy.
The father should sue for custody and ask for a psych evaluation.
"Mom, we've talked about this. I don't see any reason to talk about this further." Leave, go to room and close door, go to another room and close door, go for a walk, sit in your car. It is wonderful and loving for them to support you in your illness. It is reasonable for them to have house rules while you are under their roof. It is pointless and abusive to continuously harangue you for something that in 2.5 hours has to have been completely clarified. No matter what your situation and what your religion, you have a right to basic human dignity, which includes not being verbally harangued endlessly.
Do you have any friends or family from before you were married? Reach out to these people, even if you feel like you could die from shame, even if you haven't contacted some of them in years. I'm betting that there are more than a few of them who would be thrilled to hear from you and support you in various ways--a place to stay, a recommendation for a lawyer, an old car, a job tip. These people are out there. Look for them. To your ex's face, be "fresh as a lettuce." Act sweet and non-threatening. Never let him guess what you're about to do next. Step 0. Document all interactions with your ex. Step 1. Make a back up his computer. Get a new computer that's all yours. Don't let him know of its existence. Change all your passwords. Step 2. Reach out to friends. Get the best lawyer you can, even if you have to borrow money (what's going on with your family?). Whatever the lawyer says, do. Step 3. With the help of the lawyer, women's shelters, and friends, make an escape plan and get out. Take the kids, but bear in mind that there is probably no reason for you to get full custody. Take your lawyer's advice and stay legal. (Adultery makes no difference in a divorce case). Step 4. Once you're out of the house, file for divorce. Bear in mind that once you move out, as long as you're upholding the terms of the separation agreement, he does not need to know where you live. All correspondence can go through your lawyer, and the kids can be picked up and dropped off at school. EDIT: this goes with Step 0: Take care of your body. You won't be able to make all the new and renewed connections you have to make, love your children,find a job, find a new place to live, and survive the various legal proceedings that are going to take up your time for the next couple of years, unless you find a healthy way to deal with your stress. Eat your vegetables, stay away from caffeine, alcohol and refined carbs, spend at least 1/2 hour every day doing something that makes you sweat, get enough sleep, practice some form of meditation daily, and get yourself and your children into therapy.
That's awesome. I didn't like that some of the commenters on the last post seemed to have the attitude that just because they were kids you should suck it up. Nobody should have to endure being harrassed daily.
The "Yes I'm 18" button is so that the website is not held liable for showing porn to children. If you lie and say you're 18, that's on you.
In small towns, his butthole is tiny, dark, and fetid. You can barely fit a donkey carcass in there. In Chicago, his butthole is as cavernous as the sky, and produces ill winds that swirl about the highways with a howl that would curdle the blood of Al Capone's pet banshee. This is accompanied by the almost equally colossal assholes of lesser and demi demons. This, actually, is why Chicago is called the Windy City.
Public drunkeness, disturbing the peace. It wasn't that arbitrary. Sorry, but your friend sounds like a bit of an entitled jerk. If you're drunk, get rowdy indoors or in some venue, or behave yourself in public.
Send a death certificate along with the letter, then.
Engage with him as little as possible. Be vague, pleasant, noncommittal. I'm with pretty much everybody else in this thread in thinking you should get out this week. Make a plan, keep it secret, and GTFO. Don't answer his calls or emails. Save voicemails and emails from him. And DO NOT COMMUNICATE WITH HIM directly after that.
Just like keeping her from having an income keeps her dependent as well.
Confusing, right? I wonder if the mother knows. If the mother is clueless and thinks she is being supportive, OP should have a sit down with Mom and make an arrangement to stay with her immediately. If Mom shames OP or tries to make her stay with this guy after hearing that he tried to choke her daughter--OMG that would be too awful.
Sex us fun. You are young. It is hard to control strong impulses when you are young. Fortunately, you were intelligent enough to know what to do to take responsibility about it. Over the next couple of weeks, if your girlfriend feels like she is about to get her period and then doesn't, she may be pregnant. You know who can really help you? Planned Parenthood. They are amazing about giving away free, high quality condoms, because they know that people who don't have much money still like to have sex. Here's how you will channel your worry into something productive. Do some research and find the nearest Planned Parenthood. Make an appointment for yourself and your girlfriend in which you tell them the whole story you told us here. They should be friendly and non-judgmental so that the next time sex impulses hit, you will have a plan and equipment in place. They will also help you plan what to do in case your girlfriend turns out to be pregnant. Good luck, and here's hoping your girlfriend's "little red friend" appears soon. P.S. You should keep going to that pharmacy, because it sounds like they've got your back.
Can you give us more information about the girl/woman?
Only half of students have developed the capacity to reason abstractly by the time the graduate from high school. The tough part is that you need to be challenged to reason abstractly in order to develop that capacity faster.
That's hilarious. There are girls who spend literally the entire day putting on makeup. Then they infect girls around them by passing their stuff around. Then they get mad at you for handing them a paper because can't I see they're doing something?
...who think the thread is actually about how much their teacher sucks.
It gets to the point where there are so many apathetic little shots that once you make a seating chart that disttubutes them perfectly, they shout at each other, making the problem classwide.
The phrase "please don't, that's inappropriate," uttered in a low, almost kindly voice (implying that it doesn't bother me personally) goes a long way for me. Then say "thank you" when they stop. I don't see how any parent could fault you for trying to keep things "appropriate." That word is your friend.
There are teachers who make the students write down the objective, agenda, and homework every day. That way if a kid refuses to do so, it's on them.
And the worst part is, one of those kids might be a lying bully, but you have no way of knowing which one. Usually it's more that they are egocentric and think that everything they do is justified and everything the other kid does is wrong.
That's a very solid rant. When I was young, we were challenged as elementary students. I slowly came to realize how very unusual that was. I think if I had been educated "here's-how-to-do-it-now-do-it" formula day in and day out, I might have turned into the worst student out there.
He could smear the lower part of the window with Vaseline so that the window violators wind up with sticky fingers.
It's really noble of you to be working on a way to keep Dad in the picture. But if Dad isn't that motivated to see the boy, I want to present some problems that you may confront. I have a lot of experience with moving a boy around because my ex was in academia. You and your boy would enjoy what I did: lots of dislocation without the support of military benefits and social structure. Yes, we got to see the country and had many unforgettable experiences, but you can get the same by vacationing. It really hurt both my son and I to keep saying good-bye to friends, to have to abandon community and places we had grown attached to, to have to keep finding new doctors and dentists and schools all over again. Fortunately, my son turned out to have very strong social skills, so he always managed to make new friends. Many kids are not so lucky and would struggle a lot more and end up being socially isolated. Small children, and boys in particular, need space to run around and act like the little monkeys that they are. They deserve a living situation which is appropriate to this need where they won't end up breaking things and getting yelled at a lot. They need parks and playgrounds and they need friends in those spaces, because playing even with a cool, fun mom isn't ever going to be the same. They need to have things like bikes and skateboards and basketballs, and these things are going to get dusty and dirty, because children need physical, unstructured play. Kids also need a certain amount of toys and art supplies. Whereas I agree wholeheartedly that many modern children have too many toys, it is normal for kids to develop interests, which may be intense. Some of these interests will fade quickly but some of these will develop into lifelong interests. Toys and play develop a child's mind and imagination, and playing with their friends develops a child's social skills. I learned about math and reading diagrams playing with blocks and Legos. Both my son and I spent much of our childhoods building elaborate imaginary cities with people, buildings, cars, trains, and airports, and both alone and with our friends, concocted ongoing and complex dramas of crime, natural disasters, attacking monsters, international intrigue, and noble sorrows and grand tragedies. You need a box of toys to really get that going. Kids need books. Sure, you can cycle out the books they've outgrown as you acquire new ones, and you can rely largely on your local bookstore, public library, or the Internet, but young children find tremendous comfort in re-reading certain beloved books over a number of years, and older children deserve to enjoy having a favorite book or two that is all their own--an encyclopedia of reptiles and amphibians, a Spanish-English picture dictionary, a book of sports cars or WWII airplanes--whatever your kid loves and finds continuity in. Kids need a place to do their homework. That place needs things like a stapler, glue, markers or crayons, pens and pencils, a pencil sharpener, and scissors. They need enough space to put the posterboard flat and still have some room for the supplies when they're working on that project on Volcanoes or Martin Luther King, Jr. You need room for a laptop and a printer and a backup drive with daily backups for that inevitable day when he spills his drink all over the laptop. To live in a tiny house, you need to be tidy and organized. you can t let the dishes just go; you can't let the laundry pile up. You have to curate your possessions ruthlessly. You have to organize your papers perfectly so that you can locate your 2012 taxes, passport, or that receipt at a moment's notice. Most adults have to work at developing this skill. It is the rare child who has the remotest interest in this skill, let alone the capacity for it. In short, this is how I see it. In the past, kids lived sod huts in the woods or tepees or tenements, but this is not the past. Those kids of history were living in an environment in which everybody else was in similar conditions, so they were adapted to that. Some of those kids were made stronger in some sense, but many did not thrive. Your son lives in a day and age and culture in which his companions will be watching TV, playing with toys, participating in sports, riding their bikes, and playing video games. Much as you and I might decry the detritus of the modern age, or we find the vulgarity of television and the repetitive violence of some video games off putting, the reality is that sheltering our kids from these things does not save them from their effects; it only isolates them from their peers. Kids use chatter about popular culture, sports, and toys as a way of relating to each other. Maybe one of us should do an AskReddit about what it was like for kids who were sheltered from these things. My unscientific impression, gleaned from reading and anecdotes, is that such children tended to resent the isolation that comes from feeling weird and out of it. Kids need friends. Moving around is awful and can be a risk factor for depression or isolation for some kids who aren't very socially adept. Kids need stuff. No, they don't need a McMansion full of stuff, but you are living in a modern society, so your kid will need at least a box full of toys, a computer and printer, some sports equipment, and a variety of school supplies. Even if you possess the minimum of these things that you can get away with, all this will take up space. To help your kid socialize, you want him to be able to invite a friend or two over for sleepovers. In a trailer based tiny house, I don't see that happening. Kids make messes until they are developmentally capable of being tidy and organized, which might not happen until their early twenties (think of college). The smaller the living space, the more you will either have to clean up after him or nag him to clean up. I have two close people in my life who grew up moving a lot and having to ruthlessly cull their possessions. My bestie was the child of migrant workers, and was only allowed to keep whatever items could fit in her pillowcase. My sister-in-law was a military child with a very strict mother who threw out most of their things every time they moved. Both women were profoundly affected by their childhoods. They have complex relationships with their mothers, and they regard their childhoods as a hardship to overcome. Neither look upon their childhoods very fondly. Both strived hard to earn as much as they could, and both now live in large houses. As a toddler, your son is currently focused on what makes him happy or sad at the moment. This will quickly change. By the time he is in kindergarten, he will start making friends and wanting to socialize. He will be increasingly rambunctious, he will want toys, and he will, over time, grow increasingly resentful of a mother who chooses what he will regard as a lifestyle of self-denial and transience. I think you should abandon this plan of trailing a disinterested father. You need a two bedroom living situation, or at least a one-bedroom where you sleep on the sofa if you're super desperate, and the boy gets the room. There is a happy medium between McMansion materialism and transient, unstable poverty. Stay near your family. Let your boy have some space and a box of toys, games, and books. Let him have the best of a normal, modern childhood (it's not all bad). Let him have friends for keeps. Try to make your house the one his friends want to come to. Let him have a pet, if he wants. Take some pressure off yourself. Save up for your tiny trailer home for when he turns 18. Who knows, maybe he'll want to join you.
Just adding to the pile-on. Woman, ADHD-PI, diagnosed in my 40s. ADHD was the first thing that came to mind when I read your post. If this is the case, be prepared for a lot of disbelief and people running on about how everybody has adhd because of modern life and how kids are misdiagnosed becase they aren't allowed to be kids anymore and shitty parenting blah blah blah. It's not fun. However, you have to understand that no matter how hard you try, you can't stop being who you are. It may also be that he, too, has a form of ADHD. He manages his environment ruthlessly in order to not feel overwhelmed by clutter in his visual field. He overfocuses on the XBox. Who knows. For your own sake, it would be good to start this journey to learn if this is what's going on, and if so, how to manage it. There's medication, which trust me, is not the mortal sin people make it out to be if it helps. There are certain practices that can help tremendously, too. For instance, I have a hook by the door and my purse goes on the hook the minute I walk in the door, no exceptions. My keys are on a carabiner that clip onto the purse, or onto my belt loop, no exceptions. However, this is /r/relationships, so we have to deal with your husband's coldness. I'm sorry, honey, but I'm a little worried about that one. The two of you have been together for most of your adult lives. Maybe it's just over for him. If it wsa just your disorganization that was the problem, you might have a guy reacting with frustration, but loving at other times, or appreciative when you do make an effort. I don't know if your husband is self absorbed, if he thinks a woman should be a maid, or what. I'm saying, start the journey to see if you have ADHD for your own sake. But you are who you are. Maybe it's time to have a sit down with your husband and ask him point blank if he is still in love with you and if he still wants to be married. You're looking for a Yes. If he says Yes, then off to couples counseling you go. It can't be all on one person. If he acts like everything's your fault, that's not acceptable.
The situations are completely different. In that thread, what was concerning was erratic behavior and verbal abuse from both parties. Even assuming the wife didn't want the husband in the kitchen, the obscenities yelled in front of the children is unacceptable for married partners and parents. Housework was the least of those people's issues.
I want to second what /u/davisdoglady said about therapy for all. This little boy has been through a lot what with a druggie, unstable mother, seeing drug use, a revolving door of skanky guys, and now his mother being jailed. Spend some time reading about child development and temperament. There is little understanding in our society about what constitutes normal child behavior. Furthermore, all kids are different, and furthermore, this poor kid has surely experienced very little stability or consistency. He may have odd behaviors like food hoarding. He may have a hard time believing or trusting adults because of having been lied to so much. He may be a bit wild or immature for his age. Learn as much as you can about what you're getting into, what to expect, and what to do about it.
That's not true in all cases. In California, they put the couple's financials into a computer program called the Dissomaster that the court is obliged to follow (unless the parties voluntarily agree to some other deal). The program runs the same no matter what the gender of the people involved, even if they're same sex, whatever.
Are you actually bringing up that tired old lazy Mexican stereotype? Because if you had actually lived in California, you would now how absolutely untrue that is.
Hmmm...idk about New Mexico, but in Cali life is expensive and you better be on point, at least when it comes to business and work, or you'll find yourself under a bridge abutment.
Ask the first friend if you could attend part of her next session with her. Tell the second friend that she needs to seek professional help. It would be like her saying to you all the time, "That cancer sure hurts like hell," expecting you to make it better, while not seeing a doctor. Then you get a scalpel and some bandages and poke around in there because you feel bad and she is reaching out to you. I wonder if you aren't trying to compensate for your friend who died by trying to rescue these two. It is exhausting and terrible, I know from experience. Everybody deserves some mercy and a helping hand now and then, so they can *help themselves up*. If that's not enough, if your friends are doing this every day, something is wrong. Either they are not taking responsibility for their own lives, or they are not open to the changes they need to heal and get stronger, or they are attention seekers, or something. Whatever it is, you need to shut this down. You are not doing them or yourself any favors. At this rate they are going to drag you down with them. You have the right to protect your own mental health. Talk to their therapists, school counselors, family, SOs, whatever they have. Stop letting them dump all over you and force them to deal with their problems appropriately.
This person does not love you. They like the convenience of having a friend with benefits. I hope you are not dependent on them economically. If so, please take immediate steps to remedy this. If not, please just leave. Don't ask permission, just leave. They are wasting your time. As long as you are tied up with this person, how will you ever meet anyone else?
Oh myy, you do flatter! I look forward to your response with interest.
I don't know if it's terrorism as much as an announcement that people need to pay attention to.
Explain?
It's easy. Take 10 to the 60 and go about 6 miles. Exit Findley, Garfield/Wilcox, or San Gabriel Blvd. and go south.
Nah you need to use his advice. Guys are visually oriented. If they see someone young, be it a heterosexual looking at women or a gay man looking at other young men, they will see a cute young thing and they will go for "it," it being You. You think you're a person? Lol the creeps of the world see an orifice in which to deposit their sperm. Welcome to legal adulthood. Be prepared to spend the next decade or so fending off creepers. I'm not saying all men are jerks, but the creepers and users burn through a disproportionate number of people. Now is the time to develop a tough exterior and learn to waste no time brushing off the horndogs who want to exploit you. You are smart and funny and articulate. You deserve somebody who appreciates all of you.
My ex husband would go silent. It wasn't too bad at first, but as the years went on it got worse...much worse. It ended with him having an affair and leaving my son and I abruptly. The silent treatment is cruel, childish, manipulative, and controlling. It has no place in any relationship, ever. You got a problem with me? If you don't have the balls to tell me, then fuck right off. If you don't have the communication skills to tell me what your issue is, then get therapy and stick with it until you do. No one over the age of 3 should ever expect another person to guess what they're thinking. Long term relationships are built on a basis of trust and open communication. Invite your fiancée to attend couples counseling with you. If she refuses, cut her loose and don't look back.
Dear OP: you do not need a taser; he will just use it on you. You need counseling and an exit plan.
Jesus, this situation is getting worse and worse.
Since everybody else on this thread has articulated the reasons why you should have nothing to do with this much better than I could, I want to address your family situation. If your mother and brother try to coerce you into going along with this, which means threatening your safety or well-being (including threats to throw you out of your house, or making you very uncomfortable in your own house), do not hesitate to call the police. Is there anyone else you can stay with? Any aunts, uncles, or grandparents who would be willing to look out for you independent of the influence of your mom or brother? If your father doesn't live with your mother, is staying with him an option?
Absolutely true!
The situation with your brother sounds heartbreaking and frustrating. You can't do anything about your parents or how they are with your brother. You can never force people to see the world your way or do things the way you think they should. Now that you are on the threshold of living on your own, this is the most valuable lesson you can learn. Your brother may have other developmental or psychological problems that feed into his cravings and eating disorder. The male hormones which are surging at this age aren't helping be any more pleasant, and on top of that, the diabetes will tend to make him more cranky or moody. He is using the sports hobby as a blunt tool to control everything. As he gets older--not until his twenties at best-- he may gain the impulse control to eat better and treat people better, but you never know. Meanwhile, you can expect this behavior to continue into the foreseeable future. So you can't control your brother, and you can't make your parents fix this. They are clearly overwhelmed and aren't going to change what they are doing either. It's up to them to make whatever choices they make, and you have zero control over that. All you can control is yourself. You don't have to put up with your brother's aggression. I don't recommend that you ignore it. One thing you can try is you can speak to him in a calm moment. Tell him that you are proud of all he's accomplished with picking a sport and sticking to it. Tell him you wish you two could have a better relationship, and tell him that you feel hurt and angry when he comments on your eating choices and your body. Tell him that you promise not to talk about his eating choices or his health with your parents, and that you recognize that it's his business. Ask him if that seems like a fair deal, and stick with it. Finally, tell him that you love him, you just want him to have a healthy and happy life, and that you hope you can have a better relationship before you leave home. Going forward, resist the temptation to criticize his eating or exercise either to him or your parents. Hopefully, this may mitigate his impulse to retaliate by criticizing you. If he does criticize you, remind him of your deal, and ask him not to worry himself about your choices you make with food and your body, just as you are not criticizing him to your parents anymore. Then if he persists, leave the room, even if the whole family is at dinner. If he follows you or keeps at it, leave the house and take a walk. Maybe you're already doing this, but you may want to spend more time out of the house doing outside activities, such as working, volunteering, finding a social hobby or club, and spending time with your friends. **TL;DR:** You have no influence over your brother's eating choices, health, or your parents' reaction to him. You can control yourself and your own reactions. Refuse to put up with nagging or bullying from your brother. Find things to do outside of your home.
As far as your body, this is a time when a little willful ignorance goes a long way. After your daughter is born, if plan on breastfeeding and if that works out ok for you, you will be burning off as many calories just hanging out and caring for the baby as you would having a two hour hardcore gym session, so don't worry too much as long as you are eating healthily.
That's fantastic news! I love this thread because my parents suffered from hearing loss for a couple of decades and it really impaired my relationship with them. It got so it was painful to call them because our conversations were so difficult and awkward. Now that they've passed, I feel sad about that. I would urge you to definitely go to the audiologist with him, and ask a ton of questions. Think in terms of what could possibly feel wrong or uncomfortable about your dad. After the appointment, take your dad out to a nice lunch and pour on the daughterly love bomb to reward him for taking this step. Make sure to review with him everything the audiologist said about what might be difficult, how to get used to the aids, and when to go back to the audiologist for check ups or fine tuning. Then do everything in your power to help him follow up and stick to the instructions. Make sure his expectations are set realistically. Everytime he is wearing his hearing aids, give him a good word or a hug--you're going for positive reinforcement. Try to get your mom on board to help you with the positive reinforcement. My mom was the naggy type and I know how ingrained that habit can get! But if you can convince her to not just dial back the nagging, but do something positive, even a thank you, hopefully that can help. Good luck!
"Provide for her?" Is this the 19th century? If she wants more wealth and the finer things, she can work on her career and earn them herself. I feel contemptuous of this woman and I haven't even met her.
If this girl really had some life experience, she would value your fiscally responsible attitude. I'm sorry to say that I don't see a promising future for this relationship. I'm also sorry to say that if she breaks up with you over this, she could well find herself with a man who blows his money trying to impress her and then winds up in chronic debt. Don't change your mentality towards money for this woman, no matter how hot she is. No matter how much money you have, it's mind blowing how fast it can go. Stick with your responsible ways and find a girl who wants to be a partner instead of a trophy.
Seriously....what part of the South is this woman from? My mom, four sisters, and several thousand cousins are from the South and if you call out a given name at a family reunion, at least four people answer. This woman sounds like a toxic person best avoided. Your parents don't want to face up to the fact, because Southerners are all about family. Unfortunately your sister is not. She has said some things that can't be unsaid even if she wanted to, which obviously she doesn't. She was no doubt looking for an excuse to cut ties with you, which now she has. In other news, this isn't about politics either. If she were a good feminist, she would be supporting your wife instead of trying to tear her down.
Yeah your sister's attitude is unacceptable. She sounds like a straight up nasty person.
They don't have to be that expensive, especially if you're in financial crisis.
&gt; I just like to make everyone happy Let me gently suggest that "I just like to make everyone okay" may be a more helpful attitude for an adult with a family. There will be plenty of times when making everyone happy is neither achievable nor desirable.
Walter White is positively satanic. He is self centered to the extent of a sociopath and thinks nothing of destroying people to serve himself and himself alone. He has great insight into manipulating others, but lacks insight into his own self centeredness. He actually thinks he's doing his family a favor. I went into this little diatribe because it speaks volumes that your father views Walter White as a sympathetic character. I'm so sorry that you have to go through this. You do not deserve this. Your father is responsible for your conception and existance, whether or not he wants to admit it. Your mother may have believed that she was doing the best she could by keeping the family together. It may be cathartic to talk it over with her, but it's a gamble. Maybe it will bring the two of you closer, but she may say something that hurts you worse. Google Childhood Emotional Neglect and see if there is anything that helps you understand your life there. Everyone deserves their parents' love, full stop. You are, emotionally speaking, fatherless. It may be hard to explain to some people, but that's what it is.
Is Thor getting UVB light daily, either from the sun or from a UVB lamp? Go to grocery greens are radicchio, endive, and arugula. Minimize kale and spinach. You can also sprout tortoise friendly greens from seeds obtainable from [Tortoise Supply](http://www.tortoisesupply.com/SeedMixes). They also have [many good alternatives](http://www.tortoisesupply.com/TortoiseFood) for tortoise-appropriate chow. Not all dried tortoise foods are created equal, but Mazuri is especially highly regarded. Romaine and iceberg lettuce leaves are not very nutritious. Fruits, carrots, and tomatoes are relatively high in sugar and hence not good for your tortoise. Feeding "sweets" on a regular basis can compromise your tortoise's health and ruin his taste for proper food. Another thing you should do is sprinkle his food with some [calcium powder](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00061UWJM?vs=1). Also, make sure he has sufficient clean water at all times. You should do some research on different plants that your tortoise could eat. Most do harm but there are some surprising plants that are quite healthy, such as succulents, de-spined nopal cactus, Jamaica flowers, and rose petals (as long as the rose wasn't sprayed with chemicals). [The Tortoise Table](http://thetortoisetable.org.uk) has a [plant database](http://m.thetortoisetable.org.uk/m/plant_database_14.asp) where you can see the fitness of a huge number of plants for inclusion in your tortoise's diet.
I was thinking Thor might be a marginated, but I might be wrong. OP, this is excellent advice, right here.
You both grew up, and you owning your own business and managing 30 employees has also made you more confident. Confidence is sexy. Maybe that's part of it? It sounds like you're in love, so nothing you can do about that--just try to keep your eyes open for greedy behavior. If you feel pushed in any way--especially if she's pushing you do buy her things or spend money you weren't ready to spend-- please think twice.
[Here's a horror story](http://www.tortoiseforum.org/threads/another-dog-story.45850/) in case you need more convincing. Tortoises are the consummate prey animal, sad but true. I personally know quite a few people who have lost their tortoises to dogs, cats, rats, coyotes, etc. We have to be careful out there.
I'm glad you had a justice porn moment; you deserve it. But be carefue around MIL and SIL. They do not sound like a good combination. SIL sounds like she has the emotional development of a three-year-old, and MIL (as well as others, perhaps) have a habit of appeasing her for incomprehensible reasons. Stay tuned for more exciting adventures coming from this dynamic duo.
If you have been in committed relationships since you were 13, it might not be such a bad idea to take a break. As long as you are afraid to be alone, you will not be able to make level headed judgments about potential partners. Clearly you have no problems attracting a mate if you want to. Give yourself a break, get your confidence up.
&gt; he works with children as an outdoor instructor Dear God...that is not an appropriate line of work for an abusive person
You can't change him. You can't fix him. You can't wish this away. He has become a menace to himself, and to you and the baby. It doesn't matter how unreasonable or unfair this all is--he is the only one on the world who can battle his addiction. The words you say make no difference. The words he says make no difference. Unfortunately, the man you fell in love with is imprisoned deep inside of an alcoholic. This may never end until he dies horribly of cirrhosis of the liver or a car accident. I hope he doesn't take you or your child with him. There are medications that can help someone who is *already committed to quitting.* But honestly, I think you need to leave this man and let him decide whether or not he wants to sort this problem out. Otherwise, you are doing yourself or your child no favors.
&gt; she seems to accept responsibility/blame for everything without question, and I wouldn't be at all surprised if she interpreted any kind of negative emotion on Jack's part as directed at her I think you nailed the central issue. Poor OP regards herself as a "mistake." Maybe that's why she feels like her own needs are irrelevant to the point where she thinks nothing of taking damage to herself to keep Scylla and Charybdis from striking each other. Whereas the people saying that Jack will be mad at OP have a point, they are probably just making her feel even more paralyzed with guilt. The fact is that Brian sweet talked her into that stupid deal with the furniture when she an orphan of only 20, maybe even 19. At the time Brian was 32 or 33. Can you imagine the power differential? How many if us would have been able to tell that shit head no when we were 19 or 20? I sure wouldn't have. /u/bellsathrowaway, you are a victim here. The blame for being in this situation is about 95% Brian's. Now that you have us to take the role your parents might be taking were they around to see what was going on, you kniw better. Please takeep this to Jack--even if he gets mad.
Was he cheated on by the girlfriend, or did she leave him because he was abusive and controlling and he chose to interpret that as cheating? By the age of 30, a person should be intelligent enough to understand that if one person cheats, that doesn't mean that every single other person of the same gender behaves identically. And no, trust doesn't have to be earned, you're not a wayward teenager for fuck's sake. Trust should be assumed unless proven otherwise. Count me in with the people who think that your family lives you and wants to spare you the horrors of an escalating abusive relationship. I don't think you have it in you to pay any attention to our advice, so please, hold on to these 3 things for me: 1.) When you're ready to leave, your family **will** be there to support you, no matter what lies he may say; 2.) You don't ever deserve to be hurt physically, verbally, emotionally, or in any other way, no matter what he says; 3.) When you need to get out, contact RAINN.
You should probably not have the baby. The baby will make it much harder to leave him on a variety of levels. That's probably why he discouraged you from using birth control, and why he didn't use a condom. If you go through with the pregnancy, when you're ready to try leaving, he will tell lies and use the baby against you. He will guilt trip you saying that you want the baby to grow up without a father. Don't listen to these lies. If you read any thread about abuse on here, children of abusive relationships always weigh in and they **always** say that it would be better not to grow up witnessing one parent abusing the other. It screws up the children in so many ways. Do not stay in an abusive relationship for the sake of the child. The thinking should be that you should leave for the sake of the child. But really, this baby is going to be a tie to an abusive, manipulative criminal, and will make it much harder to complete your education, hold down a job, and enjoy your young adulthood.
That 5% colors everything, though. It never leaves your mind, does it? You're always waiting for the shoe to drop, am I right? Supposing you had just opened a delicious bottle of priceless wine. Just as you are about to pour yourself a glass, somebody drops a tiny piece of shit into the bottle. Even if the shit were 1% of the volume of the bottle, you wouldn't want to drink even a drop of that wine, would you? It wouldn't be worth it.
&gt; says terrbile things to the kids like, 'I wish you were never born' Wow... I'm so sorry, but this changes everything. Take these recordings to a lawyer. You need to get yourself and the kids out, now. No more counseling or talk of therapy (except for you and the kids). She had her chance. You need to save the kids.
Well, if your wife gives a shit about staying married to you, she should agree to go to counselling with you and leave these racist pieces of shit behind. It sounds like she is thrilled to have a circle of friends finally. She might be a racist herself. If she is nor a racist, and is just oblivious with a terrible self esteem and hence a warped sense of what a circle of friends should or should not do, there is hope. Otherwise, if she refuses to see how disrepectful both her friends' and her behavior was, I'm sorry to say that you're done. Edit: on phone, spell is hard
Sorry, I could barely follow this post with all the back and forth, but here's my take: Miranda sounds like some of her introversion is fueled by anxiety. Her not being able to drive, or nor being able to drive on highways, is the clue. I'm sure shes a lively person, but the anxiety is making her world smaller and smaller, and it's going to make yours smaller and smaller, until you are going to have to choose between Miranda and living your life. You are both still very young and you should not be in a relationship that restricts you from having fun (I'm not saying this to blame or hate on Miranda, but my experience with people with anxiety. If you really love her and she is as wonderful as you say, she needs to start coping with her anxiety. This means counseling and meds. It is a serious condition that cripples lives. Next, any social plans complicated enough where I would have to draw charts and diagrams to understand it has a high probability of not working out. In the future, don't make plans that elaborate. Some things can't happen, the end. Also, any plans that require people to make long ass drives late at night after possibly drinking are unsafe. I have on occasion made promises like your sister with all good intentions, but I can get super sleepy behind the wheel even if I haven't been drinking. Finally: As soon as you get your health insurance squared away, get your tonsils out, because fuck strep.
Is the boy in any sort of counseling? If not, he needs it, stat. His level of anger, his penchant for hurting people, and being friendless makes it sound like he has problems that ordinary parents might have a very hard time disciplining their way out of using ordinary methods. Also, the courts take parental alienation very seriously. Can your boyfriend take that issue back to court? Does he have any proof of what ex-wife had been saying?
OP, please listen to /u/sleepyintoronto. There is a lot of terrible advice in here about punishments and being the alpha from people who have no clue what they're talking about. This kid's behavior is unacceptable, and he is clearly hurting a lot. He needs intensive and sensitive intervention from mature, well educated adults stat, because he is about to become too big to control, or his behavior will escalate to the point that your only recourse will be calling the poilce.
He is sweet to you because he wants to maintain his living situation. As soon as I read that he had been evicted, all the buzzers went off, and everything you indicated thereafter just reinforced that this guy is a mooch in every sense. You have no future with a guy who makes twice what you do and still manages to get evicted, not to mention the problematic kids. I know you're attached to him, but he is a user and he will pull you down with him. Give him 30 days' notice and plug up your ears when he whines and cries that he has nowhere to go.
You got pregnant within 3 months--we're either of you even using birth control? Do you have a job? What does it pay? Does it pay enough to support you? Does it pay enough to support you and the baby? Do you have enough in savings to support you for the 6 weeks that you're at home after giving birth (assuming no medical complications)? You do know that family leave in the U.S. is not paid, right? Have you called up various day cares in your area and asked how much they cost? Do you have your own place yet? Do you have reliable transportation? Do you have health insurance? Have you thought these things through and run the numbers, or were you just thinking, "abortion bad, baby good?" Do you really want to be a good parent? Do not bring a child into a lonely, financially chaotic life.
But you know, there is an imperfect method of birth control available to men...the good ol' condom. If she's pregnant after only 3 months, it seems that neither OP nor boyfriend were using ANY form of birth control. They are both stupid children.
It's hard to learn about a savings account disappearing like that, but it's even worse that your wife is stonewalling and making a drama about a tangential issue (you telling your parents) instead of the real issue. I recommend that you not get a new car until you work out what's going on with any credit accounts you might not know about or any crazy balances on known credit cards. If your wife refuses to communicate with you directly and honestly, I'm afraid that your only recourse is marriage counseling and then to cut ties if she refuses. You cannot spend the rest of your life with someone who is financially untrustworthy.
&gt; I'm sure my ex could list of numerous things about me that he wasn't keen on that I never would have even taken into consideration or been aware of. Yeah, but that's on him to actually tell you using grown up words.
Yeah, this guy is a first class mansplainer. As is your husband, sorry. Neither have a clue. Please, for the baby's sake if not your own, tell him no and that's final. Hopefully he's not the type to drag you to the car by force.
Kids are often shitty people because they are not fully formed yet. Step one is to take a deep breath and realize that the entire purpose of being alive is to grow, develop, and learn new things. You grew up enough to come to this realization. Now it's time to take the next step and stop wallowing in you having been an ignorant child. News flash, kids are ignorant. Stop making a huge deal out of this conversation you are going to have. Pick up the phone, call your brother, bring this memory up, and say you're sorry. Blurt it out fast and simply so that your mind doesn't have time to stop you. What's stopping you is that you fear that your brother might be as angry with you as you are with yourself. If he is, it would hurt, but you would be in the same boat you are now: hi on Christmas and birthdays, but at least you can know that you did the honorable thing. Or, he might say, yeah that hurt, but he might only be a little mad about it in the present. You will feel hurt, again, but in this case you have opened the door to a better relationship. Or, for all you know, he might have largely rationalized it as little kids being shitty. For all you know, he would love to have a better relationship with you, but has been waiting for you to open the door. I don't see a bad outcome to you making that call. The absolute worst case is that things stay pretty much as they are, but you have the satisfaction of having attempted an atonement. The more likely scenario is that you start the process of getting closer to your brother. If you are so stuck about making this phone call that you can't do it within a day or two, maybe you should see a counselor to work through whatever is holding you back.
I discovered it myself by accident--I had been covering up a plantar's wart on my foot with duct tape because I had run out if bandaids and kept forgetting to get them. One day the thing just peeled off, yay! Then my son got one, I took him in to the pediatrician, and she told me about the research. Google "planter's wart duct tape." I am still concerned about your father telling you to essentially tough out a painful medical problem. Even if you fix this wart situation, the next issue may not be so simple, and many medical problems can get very serious very quickly if left untreated. It is never fair to call someone a hypochondriac and mock them if they have an issue. A parent who does this is not doing their job. They deserve to have another adult ask them to step up their game, and you deserve appropriate medical care.
Imagine somebody writing in to say that their spouse makes them wear the clothes that they pick out, screams at them all the time, makes them obey a curfew, and that they have to keep silent and never say anything back in order to keep some semblance of peace. There would be a barrage of replies telling you to leave this person and cut all contact. If you have been on here any length of time, you know this is true. If you are paying the entire apartment, you need to stop so that you can save for a security deposit on your own place, or maybe you can take out a small loan. If she has access to your bank account, open a new, secret one and have your pay deposited into it. DO NOT tell your mother what you are doing until you get the place. Then get a couple of friends or hired hands to get your stuff out in one afternoon. Your mother cannot legally stop you from leavong, or from accessing your stuff. If she tries to do so, you can call the police. Next, just because your mother blows up your phone does not oblige you to answer it. You should get a new phone with a new number that your mother does nor know. Only use the old phone to call your mother. If she gets combative or abusive, hang up and turn the phone off. At 57, she should be supporting herself. If she wanted you to stick around, she should treat you decently. **There is no excuse for abuse.** I can imagine that it will be terribly hard for you to follow this advice. Even after you manage to get out, you should get counseling to help you undo the damage that she has done and learn to assert your rights in relationships. You do not want to end up with a man who treats you similarly.
It's not up to any "they" whether or nor she stays with you, so don't let them think you're an option. If she has a personality disorder, you do not have a great future as a couple. She will continue to cheat and manipulate you. Better for you to leave now, while she is still under professional care for a while and before firm plans have been made, than a decade from now, after suffering a horrible relationship out of pure obligation.
If she has a personality disorder, she probably isn't getting better. That's the way she is.
1.) Throw away all women's magazines, particularly the ones about some rich starlet looking like a skinny stick with perfect hair several minutes after giving birth, because fuck those people. They are lying. 2.) If you are that concerned about being healthy, lay off refined sugar and other shit food. 3.) If you are breastfeeding, you are burning off the same amount of energy as someone climbing a mountain every single day. 4.) If you really want to exercise, carry around a 10-15 pound weight all day and night. Oh, wait, you're already doing that. If you insist on doing another exercise, do some kegels. 5.) If you insist on doing more exercise, fucking **DON'T.** Do you want to get mastitis? Because overexerting yourself is how you get mastitis. Do a Google search on it. It is not a fucking joke. 6.) Seriously, NO exercise regimen until you hit about 4 months at least. Then start with something chill like walking. It took you nine months to create a human being and then expel him or her from your vagina. 7.) If anyone is pressuring you to lose weight, get skinny, get moving, or stop being lazy, expunge that person from your life, because they suck. Surround yourself with people who support you in being a parent. The main reasons why parents gain weight stem fromhealth problems, overeating sugary, over refined junk food, and mostly, from abandoning exercise during their child's infancy and childhood. That's right, the real weight gain usually happens because babies, toddlers, and small children are very demanding and people stress eat and don't exercise. So this is not the period of time to worry about being fat. This is the time to allow you body to rest and recuperate. Get back into shape staring when the baby starts solid foods, and keep up with a healthy diet and exercise routine during the kid's demanding years.
A lesson I learned in the past few years with my ex-husband's constant moves while we were martied, the divorce, and my parents' deaths last year--there is little happiness in things, including property, and there is a time when you need to let go of your things to be okay. You can't put it to your father this way, of course. But the property is not the same as his wife. His wife lives on in his memories. No object or property can take the place of his wife. Staying on the property and clinging to old things that hace served their purpose will not bring her back. Leaving property and objects behind will not destroy what is most imortant, his love and memories. This is a long, elaborate way of saying that he needs to leave this oversized property that is too much work to care for him by himself. He needs to sell it, and most of the objects, and move somewhere nice and small enough for just him to take care of. He has no idea how much lighter and cleaner his soul will feel. As for lazy-ass brother, he can figure his own shit out. So that's your job--to try to convince your father to leave the old place behind.
I'm sorry, but your girlfriend sounds like a horrible person. I have had experience with self centered people like this. The whole premise of the relationship is Her. You are not allowed to have needs. In fact, her treatment of you shows that in her mind, you barely exist except as a Thing that Gives. She is the ultimate taker. You can go on and wait for her to magically see the light and change into a normal, nice person, but if you do, I guarantee that you will be sucked dry. You are a nice, giving person who enjoys caring for others. I may be wrong, but I'll warrant that much of your love for her is because caring for such a needy person makes you feel adult and important. I don't mean to put you down--quite the opposite, I think this shows that you are interested in shouldering adult levels of responsibility. However, this girl is a toxic person who has you dancing like a chained bear every time she hits the tambourine. This relationship is hurtful and you need to get out and find a woman who wants to love and take care of you as much as you do her.
I know the feeling of having that impulse to get a pet, but the number 1 concern should be the animal itself--if it were to be confiscated, it would probably be pit down.
Are you not allowed to assert yourself with her, tell her something you want or don't want? Because that would be a dealbreaker. Does she get ragey or something?
To the immediate problem: check out Captain Awkward's posting, “I want to break up, but partner is in the middle of painful life stuff and it doesn’t feel like the right time. What do I do?” Moving forward: this relationship got off on a terrible footing because ever since you asked for an open relationship, the boundaries about seeing other people were blurry and violated on both sides. I my experience, most of the time that people have an established relationship and ask to open it, the end result is one or both people being hurt. It doesn't work for most people. If you think you may truly be poly, I suggest that you spend some quality time talking to other poly to see how poly folks find each other and make their relationships work.
&gt; he refuses to get treatment for his issues of any kind. I'm afraid if I agree to get back with him, it will happen again due to that. You're absolutely right. &gt; And I feel like he was really out of line. Yes. &gt; But he's distraught that I broke up with him and he claims I abandoned him. Because you should have totally remained in a relationship in which someone ignores you and insults you for reaching out. /s And the thing about moving to your city: When my brother and I were little kids, like, 5 and 8, if he wanted to get back at me for something, he would say, "I was going to give you a present, but now I'm not." So that's about the level of that manipulation, that of a grade school child. You leaving him is the best thing that could happen to both of you. It might wake him up enough to seek therapy. Bw, don't take him back if he calls and says that he saw the therapist one single time and now he's seen the light and has totally changed. Neither Rome nor sanity get built in a day. The most likely outcome is that he will find another online girl to hone his manipulation skills on, if he isn't working on the next already--because the usual reason why people suddenly go cold is that they've met someone new.
Yeaaaaaaah--this "social worker" is some rando your uncle put up to bully your mom. IANAL but I have recently dealt with some deaths in the family--to my knowledge, your mom has no legal obligation to pay for anything. Edit: since you already know that, it looks like you are already doing the awesome thing and taking over for your mom, and she is wisely letting you. She is probably breaking down because of not being able to say good bye to her mother. So, I guess your options might include you and your mom flying out there anyway and getting a police escort to the house under the guise of a welfare check so she can say her final goodbye safely, and you encouraging her to seek grief counseling.
Stay away. Go no contact. Take care of yourself. You should probably see your doctor and file a police report. Even if they don't do anything, a paper trail needs to be started. Promises to go to therapy mean nothing. Promises to do better mean nothing. Nothing she says will have any meaning, because even if she really does care, which is questionable, no one gets over an ingrained habit like that in less than months to years. Leave her, block her, don't look back. Supposing you bought a car that was a fixer upper. Supposing you found out one day that the car's electrical system had a complex problem that would cause the car to randomly stop dead on the highway (true story). You don't keep trying with a car that could hurt or kill you, you get rid of that shit in a hot minute. Don't keep trying with this abusive woman. You owe her nothing. Her assault, her responsibility.
Just so you know--a father can't simply sign his rights away. According to the law, he is obliged to pay child support. It isn't up to you. The only way for him to sign his rights away would be if anot her partner legally adopted the baby. IANAL though, and this applies in general to the U.S.
Honey, I'm sorry, but a guy who gets into fights, is under house arrest for a year, and does drugs is not going to be a good partner for you. There were many ways he could have reacted to protect his mother without resorting to physical violence sufficient to put him under house arrest for a year. Your gesture was unimaginably sweet, but honestly you should let this one go.
Discount liposuction, inquire outside!
I'm so sorry. This is completely awful. You know everything you need to know: he cheated and gaslighted (gaslit?) you, spent family money on his lover, and was intending to do so for the next 18 years while living a lie and abandoning his child, or leaving you on stealth. What an utter worm. Lawyer up, hit the gym, get tested for STDs, reach out to family and friends. Don't be surprised if they get married in a hot minute after you kick the wander to the curb. Have a box of tissues and pint of quality alcohol and ice cream ready. Do not wallow any longer than it takes to finish these off.
Basically, what you have given him here is permission to completely ignore this issue for another year. Why invest anot her year in a relationship which is clearly as frozen as an insect in amber? Baby, he's not that into you. And for the love of God, **do not loan him a bunch of money for a car.** It will make it that much harder for you to break up with him, which I think you should, because you have thrown away your 20s on a guy who couldn't give a rat's ass about you.
I don't know, it's a hell of a dilemma, but the reality is that many people, including myself, are allergic to cats, and if you're exposed to an allergen constantly, it gets worse. In my case, being around a cat gives me severe asthma. Once I went to a house party in which the hosts had done a deep cleaning just in case people like me showed up. It somehow made everything worse, and within an hour, all I could think about was trying to breathe. I was stuck there because the whole point of the party was a concert in which my husband at the time was playing a composition of his with a string quartet. I had to sit through it and be polite while the only thing I could think of was taking my next breath. It was absolute hell. You cannot put your roommate through this. Find a temporary foster home for the cat, pay for a professional deep cleaning of the place, and save up for your own space.
There is a very ingrained pattern established of your parents appeasing him out of fear, and they have no tools to change anything until or unless he either seriously hurts or kills someone or does major property damage and the decision is taken from them. Right now, the first and only step is for them, as in your parents, to go to therapy to learn to assert boundaries, and to have a series of steps they can take when he starts to escalate. They can't change anything on their own.
Maybe he didn't realize he was that allergic. People's reactions can change over time. You might be right. It's an awful situation.
&gt; I refuse to give in to her abuse anymore, but I want to have my mom involved as messed up as that sounds. It's not messed up, it's thinking that the mother she could be will emerge from the smoldering pile of crazy. I don't think that will happen. She may well have just texted you only because your Dad told her off, who knows. But that woman who verbally abused you back there? That's your mother. Supposing you're reading a thread about someone whose spouse spoke to them that way. You'd be thinking, wow, that person needs to get the hell out and move forward. Your mom cannot be involved with the wedding, plain and simple. You need to take 100% of the power away from her. The only power she gets is to decide whether or not to attend. Here's how to make your life simple. Do you want to marry this guy? Plan something simple that can be executed, say, in a month, or maybe next June. You, he, and a couple of friends figure out how it works. You and husband-to-be finance it 100%. Tell your mother that your wedding is off the table. Book a room in a restaurant for the reception. Finish the semester. Send out invitations to a done and planned deal. If your mother verbally abuses you at any point in this process, feel free to uninvite her, or give one chance and then uninvite if you feel charitable. If your mother does attend, appoint somebody to handle her that in case she begins to behave badly. That person can escort her out of call the cops if necessary. Hopefully you can talk this part over with your dad ahead of time. Get married, be happy. EDIT: Use your own money, even if the reception is hamburgers on paper plates in a friend's back yard.
If he is masturbating in bed next to you and doesn't want to make love, that looks pretty bad for your relationship. If you don't want to both try for some kind of Hail Mary counseling, end it and no regrets. It was nice while while it lasted, but you owe him nothing. About your career, you are probably being abused as a resident. No sleep plus verbal abuse plus overwork means chronic stress. You know better that I what that does to a person. It's an outmoded custom that is supposed to make you a better doctor, but really has many components of a hazing ritual. So suspend your judgments about your career until you get through the hazing. Trust me, after all this work, do you want to go to a minimum wage life of economic instability? That would be like your residency, but for the rest of your life. So, tell yourself that this isn't forever. Get through the residency, become a doctor, pay off the loans, and then, from a place of security, plan your next move. Oh, and step 1? Call off the wedding.
&gt; I get distracted easily in conversations unless I am laser focused on whoever is talking which gets super exhausting. Get yourself tested for adult ADHD. That can do a number on your self-esteem because you always feel like you should be more than you are, and you can't understand what the problem is.
Yeah, meds are not evil, though I don't blame your mom, because thr amount of guilt tripping that parents of kids that have ADHD experience is enormous. You need to do whatever you need to do to function as an adult, experience close relations with people, and succeed on your job. ADHD can have subtle but profound effects on literally every aspect of your life. Please find a psychologist and psychiatrist to help you manage your llife, and join us over at /r/adhd.
Your GF sounds self-hating, and she has explicitly alienated your family. You're going back to India anyway. I honestly don't see a future in this relationship.
You don't think calling the cops will do any good, but you don't know. You gave developed a very codependent relationship with this man. You cannot stop a grown adult from doing something. You cannot control anyone else. You cannot save anyone else. For the sake of your son, you need to step back from this and focus on your son. While you are so sucked in to your husband's drama, you are not paying attention to your baby, whom you can control and whom you can raise into a strong, healthy, loving man. Please listen to what all the commenters are saying and call the police. They are strong people who are trained to deal in crises. They can work out what to do. Your job is to get him out of your house and start your new life on your own.
I came here to add, for the love of God, please go in to the bank and get his name off your account. If you are afraid of doing that, open a new account in just your name and transfer all but a few dollars out. If your father can take your money, he can destroy your life from another continent. Please do this now. Get up from the computer and go to the bank. Once this is done, he will have no real power to abuse you, personally.
Testicular cancer occurs in younger men, it can be very deadly if not caught early, and its treatment can involve cutting off one or more balls. Hopefully it's not that, but you need to tell him NOW, undramatically. "Hey, Booty Call, the other day I noticed a small lump in your testicles. Hopefully it's nothing, but you really need to get that checked out." Guys: be a squirrel, check your nuts.
I'm so sorry. I think you are having to face what kind of a person your mother really is. There is nothing in your post that indicates that she is capable of love or empathy. Please never forget that you deserve all the love and caring that the random strange woman showed you. Look for other people in your life who are good, loving people. Do you have a father or any other relatives whom you can turn to?
There's not much they can do, but they can be your family, because you don't have one on your mother.
The poor guy has probably zero experience with asking people out, and because of coming up in a closeted situation, zero way of knowing whether the person who he asks out will freak out, out him, beat him up, or what. Give him a little space, them make sure he knows that you are cool with him as a friend, and that if he wants to stay discreet about being gay, that his secret is safe with you. Maybe even ask him if you encounter anyone who is gay, would he like you to steer them his way.
Well, he has to win every argument, he believes that he is in control as a value he holds, he lies and manipulates, he sabotages your work, he starts pointless arguments over nothing and threatens to end the relationship over trivialities...this sounds like a living hell, and you aren't even married yet? And what about the thing where he'll show you what he really thinks of you on your wedding day? Given the context I don't think it's a sexy surprise he's talking about, I think that's the day he gives you your first black eye! Call the venue, cancel, call some friends and family, get them to help with a place to stay. Take them or police to get your essentials out. Do not spend another night under the same roof as this man.
This is the age at which many people develop serious mental illnesses. I think you should coordinate some people in your mutual friend group and enlist their help in a plan of action. It would be nice if several different people could have a unified message trying to talk him into seeing a mental health practitioner. You can give him the "it's not you, it's me" type of speech. You can tell him that you know that must hurt, and suggest that he see a counselor for depression, because that is a common thing that people do when they suffer a breakup. If you or anyone else hears him give a suicide threat, you can call the police. Afterwards, the mutual friends can check in on him and reinforce the message that it would be a great idea to see a therapist about any sad feelings stemming from a breakup. If any of them have done so themselves, so much the better.
Just get unenagged on FB. The people who care will reach out.
Repeat after me: people's lives on social media are not their real lives. If he has a sex addictikn, it's not going to go magically go poof and disappear. You feel worthless because this person rejected you. Well just because some person with problems walked away from a relationship with problems in order to start over and pretend they don't have problems doesn't mean that you are unlovable. It means that you were in a shitty relationship with a person with issues. It seems that this shitty relationship might have done some damage to your sense of self worth, though. Perhaps counseling is in order.
There's a saying around here: do not JADE (Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain. "Sorry, as I said, I can't do it." Repeat that once, then don't respond further. If she gets mean or keeps pushing, block her.
&gt; The reason is because I am a man, and she is a lady. As a man, in order to be attractive to a lady, I have to check the right boxes. How very sad and limiting that you feel that way. My boyfriend supported his family from an early age, was in the army and saw action, was a policeman, was a professional wrestler after that, has faced death on several occasions, stands up for himself, does fantastic in the bedroom....I could go on, but is very manly in these sorts ways. He even has a mustache. He is also very expressive of emotion. I guess he's not hung up on proving himself manly. I find that the most attractive thing of all.
Sure, people get attracted to whatever. Actually in my bf's case I was attracted to that random whatever that attracts people to each other, but also his kind heart. I guess I was trying to provide a counterexample to your statement that a man showing emotion would cause a woman to lose her attraction to him. I think that showing emotions to each other is how a couple bonds. OP is not as close to her bf as she would like to be owing to him blocking off a whole aspect if himself to her. He then goes on to reveal that side to another woman. She wonders why she is missing out, and I would have to agree. Having emotions makes you a human. The ideas that it's manly to hide your emotions, but that women are weak and vulnerable, are terrible ideas that deserve to remain buried in the Mad Men era.
It's about how you handle what you have as much as what comes in. Your wife has a hard time saying no to these relatives with their hands out. Hence she ends up with little to show for it. This may be hard to negotiate, but she needs to get a handle on these moochers. I was in a marriage for years in which we gave money to my husband's family and I was okay with it. Felt like I was doing good. Trouble is, the people who are used to handouts don't care whether or not they clean you out. Because you always give when asked, they assume you have infinite money. I don't know the in and outs of your wife's family, but I'm sure they always have a dramatic story,.and of she ever tried to cut them off, they would just escalate the drama and make it all sound like her fault. So, in addition to you both seeing a financial planner, you need to speak with that person about what boundaries would be appropriate to set with these people, and if necessary, she or you both should go to a counselor for help with enforcing these boundaries. After all, if your wife is giving away her money, she is giving away both of your money. However, the pressure and guilt on her must be enormous.
If you're on board with giving them money, then maybe that should be shared. It might be a good idea to discuss with her how to put some limit on it. Can the mom or brother get on disability or SSI? Can they at least get on a waiting list for subsidized housing? Could you maybe buy them a small condo as long as you didn't think they would trash it? Does the brother really need to be supported at the same level as the mother? As long as nobody questions these things, the relatives (especially the brother) have zero incentive to change anything. But why should you take on a second job to essentially create enough breathing room in your family finances to support them?
I agree that there is way more chaos in your relationships than someone should normally experience. First I would agree that you do not seem to have any firm boundaries as to what constitutes a dealbreaker and minimum standards. I think you need to develop some. Good examples include: no drug use; no problem drinking (binge drinking, driving while legally intoxicated, having problems with your job because if drinking or hangovers, getting into fights or other stupid trouble because of drinking); no verbal or physical abuse, ever, not even once; if there is a mental illness, it is well managed, he is self aware, and is under the care of a competent professional; no criminal history; holds down a job commensurate with his abilities and is financially self sufficient; treats you well and goes out of his way to do kind and living things on a regular basis; is faithful with no physical or emotional cheating, nor any attempt to do so; keeps his word to the utmost of his ability in big and small things. That's a start. You history is riddled with men with untreated mental didorders, men who cheat, men who abuse drugs, and abuse. None of these things should be tolerated even the first time they manifest. I think it's great that you are questioning why this is happening. I think you should question why you put up with mustreatment. Do you have poor self esteem and think you don't deserve any better? Are you consistently seeking out fixer uppers? Was your parents' relationship so dysfunctional that you see these things as norms? Now, once you learn that certain behaviors are unacceptable, that's not the same as recognizing and seeking out healthy people. Really your goal is to seek out someone who is physically and mentally healthy, who is financially self sufficient and industrious at one or more endeavors, and most important of all, kind and loving. You need to: 1.) Leave this cruel and mentally ill man. 2.) Go into therapy. 3.) Stay out of the next relationship until the therapist gives the go ahead
When you leave, he will say he's sorry and will go to therapy and do better. Bullshit. His promises mean nothing until he's actually been in therapy for like, a year or more. He will say that it's your fault for letting your child suffer a broken home with no father. Bullshit. It's his fault for being abusive. Studies have shown that a child growing up witnessing this abuse will grow up thinking that it's normal for Daddy to do that to Mommy. She will suffer all the terrible effects of chronic stress (look them up--it actually shrinks the brain). She will resent the hell out of her father for doing this to you, and you for doing nothing to stop it, and internalize the hatred and rage she grows up with and suffer from lifelong mental illnesses such as depression and anxiety. He will tell you that what he does is your fault for (drinking, not ironing a shirt, not being smiley happy at all times, etc.). Bullshit. Being abusive is a choice he consciously makes. Most people never abuse anyone in their entire lives, not even once. If you are really afraid that he can still talk you out of it, back a bag with a few essentials, including your important documents, take yhe baby, and leave while he's out of the house. Get a new phone number so he can't blow up your phone with persuasions and threats. Do you have family and friends you can stay with?
From the sound of it, he is deteriorating. His physical health is probably affecting his mental acuity. If he is developing blockages in his arteries, that reduces his blood flow to his brain. It is also causing him to be depressed, thus reducing his motivation. You sound like a rare and amazingly compassionate group of people. Unfortunately, I can't imagine what would break this cycle other than him getting a major medical workup, bariatric surgery, and him making a personar commitment to getting himself and keeping himself in shape, which is out of your hands, and even then I don't know if this would undo the damage, or just keep it from getting worse.
His actions make it clear that for whatever reason, he's just not that into you. Stop debasing yourself by pursuing him, stalking his profile, going into incognito mide, driving by his place, whatever. If he wanted to be with you, he would have indicated so by now, and you wouldn't be feeling rejected. Shoot him a text and say that you had been hoping to see him after he got back. If he wants to continue the relationship, he should contact you by Friday. If not, it's been nice, so long and thanks for all the fish. That was an example. You could also just end it saying you've decided to move on, which doesn't give him any room to string you along. There's nothing wrong with ending it by text if all reasonable attempts to see him in person have failed.
Then if I were you, I would push him, agressively if necessary, to start with a full medical workup.
Stop pleading. Stop pursuing him. This post is full of you working really hard to make this boy and this relationship be something they aren't. You decided that he was marriage material way too soon and you are clinging to that. He is still immature and has no idea what he wants out of life. You cannot work on a relationship like you work on a college course. If you work hard enough in a college course, you will learn a lot and get an A. However, you cannot and should not work on a relationship unless the other person is willing to put in work as well. If somebody is going back and forth on you like you ex boyfriend is, it's over. By begging and pleading you only debase yourself. Even if he turned around today and said he wanted you after all, this would be worthless, because he has already shown that he is not ready to commit to the relationship. The only way for you to heal is to realize that this relationship is not going to happen. Thisnhurts, and is hard to realize, because the back and forth actually makes a fairly mediocre boy seem incredibly compelling. It's a well known principle of behaviorism that is also responsible for motivating compulsive gamblers. Search for "intermittent reward scheme." Your feelings for him will fade with time, but the only path to doing so is you have to break up with him decisively--a simple text, "You are right, this relationship is over. Thank you for the good times and have a great life." Then, no contact. Block his number and block him on all social media. The first week will be hard. The second week will be better. By the end if the month, it will be better yet. The feelings will fade, I promise. Tell yourself that the intensity of your emotion is based on an illusion, s psychological trick, because it is.
Awesome! Please keep us updated!
You should run by your school's legal services if there is one. Barring that, read up on landlord tenant law in your area. I have a feeling a judge would smile kindly upon you. You can probably hash this out in small claims court. Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer, but have dealt with dick landlords.
From the sound of what you've written here and in the comments, your mother is codependent and selfishly wants your brother to be helpless and dependent on her. He is stuck because not only does a young boy have less impulse control to resist these addictive junk foods, but also because at an intuitive level he feels he has to take care of his mother in a sense by going along with her system and not being independent. Perhaps he senses that if he were to be independent, she would be hurt and lonely. It is very selfish of her to hurt him like that for her own ends. If not stopped, he will end up an antisocial, depressed adult with no job or purpose in life who spends 100% of his day on the computer and who loathes himself too much to do anything about it. I wish I had some brilliant advice for you. I don't know if it would do any good for you to call her out on her selfish behavior, or for one of you to try to get him removed from the home, with the whole family getting intensive counseling as a condition for her to get custody back. Is your father in the picture at all?
Maybe the best way to find a good lawyer is to ask someone who has been through a divorce, or another lawyer. Most lawyers have free consultations. You can have two or three consults and see who you click with. If money is a problem, ask if your state allows you to ask yourbhusba n d to pay the legal fees. As far as your family, I don't know how reliable they are, but I guess you could experiment with telling different ones that you realized that they are right, you are ready to take their advice and leave, and can they help you out with a bus ticket and a place to stay. Make some kind of a deal, such as, you promise to contribute xx % of your paycheck towards rent and utilities as soon as you can find a job. Would your parents or a sibling be able to at least let you couch surf for a month or two?
You could always try pointing out that said dog-missing child is probably a figment of the scammer's imagination.
Oh God and then there was the n-mom who talked her daughter's building manager into letting her into daughter's apartment, whereupon she poisoned (edit: a puppy) with rat poison.
You can take the cat to the shelter and if he tries to do something like take you to court about it, present all records from the vet showing how much you spent and for what sorts of issues. This should make the neglect plain.
I'm just going to focus on this: &gt; I had trouble keeping up with him and thought I was going to vomit several times... Two things were at play there. First, he is either cruel, or completely oblivious to your state of being. Neither are acceptable qualities in an SO. Second, did you not tell him that you were exhausted and needed to stop? If it didn't occur to you to ask him to stop, or demand that you both stop, because that's what most people would have done, then you have been so beaten down by your prior abusive relationship that you cannot tell another person about a physical need, feeling, or desire. In other words, he is not an adequate partner, and you are not ready to be in another relationship until you get therapy to learn how to assert yourself with another person.
Welcome to the world of parenting a teen! None of your expectations were unreasonable, but it sounds like your brother has gotten comfortable with the dynamic where you're the older brother and he doesn't have to take responsibility. I'm telling you this to file away in case you have kids of your own someday. You have to give teens responsibility bit by bit and see how they handle it. If they handle it badly, you then know to back up, give them less leeway, and let them earn your trust back. Of course you were asking nothing unreasonable of your brother. He is in a pretty self centered place right now. Since you're not his parent, you will have to go easier on him than you probably want. At some point, have a talk and tell him that you needed him to back you up yesterday, and he let you down. Be as matter-of-fact as you can, because he will probably get defensive and start making a bunch of justifications. If so, that's when you end the conversation. Just tell him that you're ready to help him out if necessary, and you hope you can ask for some help from him, and leave him to let that sink in.
Being married as young as he was, he must be very leery of making the mistake of moving that fast again. He is young and being in shape with the possibility of a pro career, he must have gotten quite a but of female attention. His words say that he doesn't want to get married. Even if he got around to changing his mind, he is still very young and must feel like he has a lot of adventures ahead of him. You are very young too. You have plenty of time. If you are wild about this guy, you should be willing to give it a LOT of time--think a decade or more, maybe. Maybe by the time he's worked out whether the pros are still a possibility and if not, has developed and settled into another career, then, maybe. He's told you what he's about and what he wants. You need to either forget about marriage for the next few years, if ever, and enjoy the ride, or break it off for somebody who hasn't been affected by a bad experience.
You can get noise cancelling ear buds for $100 or less. Tack a heavy drape or carpet remnant to your door and let it down at bedtime. If any of the floors are not carpeted, get rugs or carpet remnants for them as well to help absorb sound. Get some posters that are mounted on foam boards and put a bunch of them up in the common areas.
You and the children should not be under the same roof as he until he has been clean of that and all other substances for several months, and that he gets some kind of counseling and stays in it, and that he drug tests clean for you whenever you ask at random, no protest or funny business. It will take awhile for him to establish a pattern of sobriety, like, months (contact an addiction counselor for a more specific figure). But my point is that he can't say, "Ok, I'm starting my drug free life now!" and expect for you to instantly cool with him. He needs a proven track record *first*. There is a risk to yourself, of criminal prosecution, and to the kids, of either finding the drugs, of coming into harm's way from their high father, or of being taken away into foster care because of drugs being in the house. That is why he needs to separate from you and the kids inmediately, no question, no discussion, and he needs to have supervised visits until he has had this thing under control for some time. Right now, it is not up to you to support him. You owe him nothing. The onus is on him to clean up. While you're at it, make sure he can't get at any of the business's money, because money is not going to help him recover. If you ever get the urge to give him anything, it can be a sandwich or a ride somewhere. Do no let him get his hands on any money. Find yourself some Al-Anon meetings, and of the kids are old enough, get them going to counseling or Ala-Teen.
If I were you, I would take up your friend's mother up on her offer. Move out in secret and take only what is necessary. Offer to do whatever it takes to help your friend's mother out around the house until you can start bringin money in. Report your passport. Tell the whole story of what happened. Ask for a replacement to be sent to your new residence. Change the flight dates. It will cost, but not as much as cancelling and losing the whole ticket. As far as the guilt: your family's actions are abusive and their rejection of your boyfriend is based on racism. They are not looking out for you; they are trying to control you. After you move out, you should get a new phone #. Turn your old phone off and check it once or twice a day. You can also have a friend screen your calls and texts for you and let you know about what's essential, leaving out the abuse, guilt trips, and pressure.
Well, you know that this is a bad situation. You list an escalating number of problems. If you have never been able to convince him to change any aspect so far, there is no reason to think that he will change going forward. You need to get out. This relationship will destroy your health through exhaustion, chronic stress, and smoke. (BTW, you know that being around secondhand smoke is the same as smoking, right?) The more interesting questions, going forward, are: Are you able to live on your own, without being in a relationship, or does the idea frighten you? If you can learn to be happy in your own, or maybe living in a house with some girlfriends, you wouldn't have to put up with an awful SO. If that idea seems lonely and unbearable, you should seek therapy. You should also seek therapy if setting limits and holding to them seems impossible to you. I think that most women would not have stayed with this man at all, much less married him. You are young. Your life should be so much more fun than this.
&gt; I was afraid to check the comments because I feared that people would tell me that I was wrong... Wow, that's rough! Your family really has you brainwashed. :/ Try to get therapy set up, because you wouldn't want to wind up in a relationship that mirrors the controlling and abuse that you are escaping. You want to relearn what is "normal."
Exactly!
I wanted to back up what /u/Astronaut_Panda is saying. I run a small business with my SO. Even though the association was casual at first, we have worked out over time what we are good at and we divide our labors accordingly because the goal is the good of the business. Since you are starting in an organized manner, this is a great time to make deliberate decisions from the start. She knows the product. You know marketing. Who knows accounting, taxes, business incorporation and laws, hiring, that other kind of stuff? Work it out so that each of you has your own area. If there is anything that neither one of you are good at, say, taxes, for fluff's sake hire an expert, don't just wing to show what tough guys you are. Trust me, neither one of you wants to be in charge of everything! That would be too exhausting. You *need* to be able to hand off tasks to the other, or you will burn out. You can put it diplomatically, such as, "Beautiful, gorgeous wife, I trust you 100% with knowing our product and being able to work with clients. That's why I need you to let me handle the marketing. We are a team. No one person can do it all. We're in this for the long haul." Ask your wife to imagine herself as the CEO of a well-run Fortune 500 company. The CEO does not know or do 100% of everything. They do not know as much about network security as the IT intern, nor as much about graphic design as the kid on the 3rd floor who is designing a flyer, nor as much about how to adjust the heat as the HVAC person. It would be absurd of the CEO to know these details, and if he or she were trying to meddle in these tasks, it would be a huge failure of leadership. The CEO does CEO things, and only interferes in network security, the pamphlets, or the building heat if there has been a colossal failure, and then only long enough to ensure that people who know what they're doing are put in place. If she cannot let others do what they do best, her ego will sink the ship. So you have to settle this before you move one step further. A martyr/control freak is no fun to work with, and it's not a fun way to live, either.
The logistics of what happens or can happen between she and Jack are not relevant. What the parents think or want is not relevant. One thing and one thing only is relevant. She is on love with another person. Even if she loves you as well, her devotion is split. The relationship is done. Unless you are poly, the only acceptable partner is one who is committed to being with you. No matter how complicated she may try to make it, she is not committed to you, or she would have dealt with her feelings on her own. Break up and move on.
If he refuses treatment, that's on him. If he has been offered help, refuses to attend to his own mental health, and chooses to take the dark road of suicide instead, that is his choice--even if he blames you, that does not absolve him of responsibility. He is a grown-ass adult.
Well, still, I think most women would feel very disrespected by the nature of his porn habits. But the important thing is how you feel. If you feel neglected, it doesn't matter whether someone else finds that reasonable or not. You don't have to put up with a relationship in which you feel disrespected. You can make it on your own.
Maybe you want a way to bond with other people. Maybe you want to seem valuable to the listener by sharing something. Maybe you doubt yourself and want someone to validate what you're thinking and feeling. Whatever rings true; but it probably boils down to wanting that shot of social reinforcement. Therapy may be the answer here. Also you could try mindfulness meditation. Anything that helps you recognize when you have that lonely feeling that impel you to engage in this behavior might help you forestall it.
It is possible that she is taking her anger at your father out on you, especially since the maltreatment started when you hit puberty. It is absolutely unfair of her to lump all men together like that. Declaring that you are not her son anymore is straight up emotional abuse, and I'll bet that's not even the worst of it. Once you are independent of her, you do not have to subject yourself to her abuse any longer. If she raised and fed you, that was her responsibility for choosing to be a mother. There is ni excuse for abuse. Until you can get away to live at a college, you should go to school authorities and explain that you are a victim of your mother's verbal abuse, and ask them to set up counseling for you.
So, women who want to avoid pregnancy are conscious of their birth control status at all times. Edit: sorry if it sounds snarky. I am a woman and I mean this sincerely. I was always paranoid as hell about it.
Guilt tripping someone into sex is still manipulative. I can see why you had erection issues. Your penis was being honest about a situation that you didn't like.
I always was. Not sure why the downvotes.
I'm wondering if you really want to get into an involved discussion with her. Her idea of boundaries sounds terrible. Why does she have the right to criticize your grieving, your boyfriend, and your education? Why are you obliged to cook for her? Where does she get off thinking she can force feed you FFS?? I think that if you have thus big "talk" with her, it will be hee pushing you around some more and telling you how messed up you are. Honestly she sounds emotionally abusive. You should talk to your landlord first thing Monday morning to see if you can get out of the lease. Spend as little time around her as possible. She is detrimental to your physical and mental health.
Ah, thank you. I'm a woman, and I was being serious.
I figured not, it was such an exaggeratedly dramatic thing to say.
Then make a police report about the whole situation. In the future, people who abuse various kinds of hard drugs are not good roommates.
This is extremely disrespectful, both to you and to the person he's hitting on. Waitresses, fast food clerks, etc. have to be nice because they're on the job. They don't enjoy being a captive audience to every wannabe player who hits on them. Girl, you need to at least stand up for yourself, though after two years I'm not sure how well it will be received.
Who is this guy, Mr. Taliban? &gt; as his girlfriend I have to respect his wishes "Respect his wishes" is another way of saying "obey," isn't it? What an interesting way to put it. If you don't obey, because that's essentially what he's asking, right, then you are disrespecting him? What the hell, does he want you to be a surrendered wife, is that where this is going? Your boyfriend is controlling and is trying to isolate you from your family. We all know what the end of this story looks like because it shows up on the front page of this subreddit everyday. Do you want to be writing to us a few years down the line because he's threatening to kill you because you accidentally looked at a man for too long, but you don't have any money because he made you quit working and you don't have anyone to turn to because he made you cut them all off? Which conversation will be more painful, the one where you tell your brother he can't visit any more, or the one where you tell this man that you refuse to respect his jealous and controlling wishes?
What we're saying is that this is how abusive relationships develop. They start with one partner pushing the other's boundaries, and the future victim denies it to themselves because everything else is great do this must be because of "stress," or puts up with it because of being in love. This encourages the abuser to experiment with pushing other boundaries until the victim is deeply enmeshed in a terrible situation.
It might be. Rape victims often blame themselves and do stuff that looks irrational from the outside, like shower all the evidence off or not tell anybody. Who knows. It's complicated. OP should proceed with caution.
I wonder if there aren't one or more intercultural miscommunications going on when you meet people IRL. You should make some friends--strictly friends--and have them observe you and give advice. Stay soberer than they the next time you go out so that you can remember what you did and said down to the details. From what little I know of Japan, it is a culture in which people may be reticent to give you any direct criticisms. You need a wingman to guide you through this.
Honestly it may be already over between the two of you. There are many dealbreakers on both sides here. I think you need to work your own anger and impulsivity. You fought over social media. Bad form. You said a lot of harsh things by your own admission. Like what? Could some of these things constitute verbal abuse? Did yoy resort to name calling? You try to physically prevent her from leaving. There is no excuse for that. You do not get to physically restrain people except to keep them from attacking you. It is illegal, actually, and you don't even prevent any cheating that way; you just make it seem justified. If she is cheating, sure, that's unacceptable. What do you do with an SO who is doing something hurtful? You set boundaries. If they cannot respect those boundaries, you let them go. You break it off. I say that as someone whose husband left after 20 years together. What is the point of fighting about it? Either they want to be with you, so they clean up their act, or they don't, and you break up. The whole notion of fighting for a relationship or trying to force another person to be one way or another is pointless and leads to frustration and controlling behavior. I don't know if there is anything to be saved here. I would say you should either break it off and work on your anger and impulsiveness, or you could work on your issues and invite her to go to counseling with her. It may be over. You may have to live with that. Regardless, even though she was wrong to cheat, you need to learn how to control your anger before you get into another relationship. Edit: spelling
Sometimes very charismatic people are also very arrogant. Your semi-boyfriend is skating by on his looks. He has no reason to care what one girl thinks because there will always be another. He thinks you should be grateful for access to his wonderfulness, and you agree. (This probably isn't the only area of his life where he can rest on his charisma, either, but I digress.) It depends whether you are okay with being one of a number of fawning worshippers, and being lied to and exposed to diseases. Most women get to be with a man who actually cares about them exclusively. Looks aren't everything.
What were the fights and issues about? Was there a pattern of not fighting well, of miscommunication, or did you keep having fights about the same things that never got resolved? Now that you're not with him, your lI've is disconnected from day to day problems and the reality of whatever your problems were about. If you got back together, however, the problems would justbresurface, wouldn't they? What you have with him right now sounds like a hurtful mess. You're broken up, he's seeing someone else, but still having sex with you? IF you have any reason to think that whatever was causing your problems has been resolved, and IF he was willLing to drip the other girl and go back to you, maybe you would have a shot. But that's two very big IFs The more likely outcome is that he's enjoying committment-free, fight-free sex with you while testing the waters. The best advice I can give you is: 1.) Be honest with yourself about why you had doubts and broke up. Take some time to reflect on both of your contributions to your problems. Get therapy if necessary to learn better communication skills. 2.) Be prepared in case he doesn't want to get back with you. 3.) If he does want to restart the relationship, you both need to commit to doing what it takes to rebuild it. If he doesn't, you should go no contact. Stop having sex with him, because that will prevent you from getting over him and just make you hurt more.
It's never a fuck up to acknowledge your feelings and trust your intuitions.
You dip the braces in some water and then gargle with the water. Naturally straight teeth, no chemicals!
I'm sorry, but it sounds like you need to find new living arrangements on the double. Even if he decides that what he did was crazy and wrong (because it was) and even if you decide that you want to see if lots if individual and couples therapy might fix this (I'm feeling agnostic about this, only because of trying to be open minded), you should step back and not have to live with somebody who would do these things. In other news, lots of regrets and promises to do better and try harder =/= actually being better. A promise is not the same as a current reality.
You know you could take your parents to court for wage theft, right? Because that is a very serious charge. Not to mention working you for 16 hours a day. I am not a lawyer, but if you ran this stuff by one (do so, as an experiment--most lawyers offer free consultations), I bet they would be potentially open to felony changes and jail time. Labor law is a thing, and for good reason. And the miscarriage thing--you suffered a loss that most women regard as devastating and your parents regard that as something You put Them through--Jesus that's backwards. You should look up the concepts of: adult child of narcissists, golden child, and scapegoat. The level of abuse and neglect you experienced was profound and multifaceted. I'm seeing medical neglect, financial abuse, emotional abuse, verbal abuse, and physical abuse--working someone for 16 hours? Yeah, physical abuse. You need therapy, stat. If your husband is a keeper, if you ever want kids, you are very, very far away from understanding how families and relationships are supposed to work. Just a warning--therapy will *hurt*. Once you realize the extent to which your family mistreated and is still mistreating you, some very strong emotions will come out. To say it will be hard is a gross understatement. Without doing this, however, you will lbe like as ghost floating through a shadow of the life you are supposed to live. To answer your original question, your husband sounds like the reasonable one here.
&gt; I know I was wrong... No, honey, **you** aren't wrong...please, we're not trying to hurt you or say you're wrong! If that's what you're getting out of these responses, I'm sorry, but it kinda proves our point about how much your mentality is *still* that of an abused child, trembling and flinching at the anticipated blow.
Try to go with him to the appointment. If yoy can't or if he wont let you, sometime before the appointment, call his doctor and explain to him everything you have told us here. Make sure the doctor knows how serious this is.
What he's experiencing is known as complex grief. It is not normal grief; it is a state he is stuck in. He will not change unless he gets help. In fact, he will probably get worse. If you have to leave, it would not be abandoning him so much as protecting yourself and your baby. It may be the wake up call he needs to reach out and get help. You don't have to divorce him. You can simply separate. File for full custody and explain to the court that you would like him to get psychological help for him to be able to be with the baby. I'm going to focus on one thing the others hadn't mentioned: &gt; He has been sleeping through alarms and just not showing up to work. While work has been understanding, I know this understanding will not continue and that puts our livelihood at risk. A good friend of mine who is a therapist told me that when people are having a breakdown, the job is usually the last thing to fall apart. By the time a person is putting their livelihood at risk, they have already torn up everything else. It sounds like you used to have a great marriage. IF he is still on the military, I wonder if he is afraid that getting psychological help will derail his career. Maybe the good folks at /r/military might have some advice on that line.
You need to stop abusing yourself by calling yourself bitchy and selfish. You have a right to your observations and points of view. In fact, you are the sane adult in the household. He needs your intelligence and judgment more than he needs you to be sweet and submissive and suppress your knowledge about what's going on, which is that he is being sucked down by mental illness and taking you and the baby down with him. He is comfortable in his depression. It may not feel good, it must feel like pure hell, but he is too comfortable in it to make any necessary changes. He **needs** you to challenge this.
Do some reading about Herpes. My friend got it from a long-term SO. Put crudely, when you have a breakout, it's like getting a cold sort on your genitals. Ow! Peeing will hurt. The key is to have medicine on hand so that as soon as you have the very first inkling of an outbreak, you apply the medicine, which shortens the length and severity of the outbreak. Also, during an outbreak, you can avoid foods with arginine (coffee, chocolate, tomatoes) and eat foods with lysine (bananas, chicken, milk). You can also find lysine in the vitamin section. No outbreak? No worries. Do more research--it's not like I'm a doctor or anything. But that's what herpes amounts to. Cold sore. Ow. Medicine and vitamins. All better. The end. No lasting damage--unlike other STDs, which can get nasty. Your ex was a cheating jackass. Good thing you got out of that one! Now you're free to meet good people. Have some fun. If you meet a potential sex partner, make sure to tell them, and use a condom.
Go with her to some Al-Anon meetings. These are for friends and family of alcoholics and addicts. One of the basic things they teach is that you can't control or take responsibility for someone else's drinking, but you can determine your own reaction. See if you can manage to go to 6 meetings, even if it feels weird or uncomfortable at first. I guarantee both you and she will get at least something out of it. Also, as a nurse, you should be able to get the name of one or two good therapists who specialize in addiction issues. See if she would accompany you to a few sessions. This idiot's goal is to triangulate you and your girlfriend because he doesn't want to lose this person who tolerates his bullshit. If you think he's trying to troll your relationship, he probably is. I hope you can find some resources that can help you and your girlfriend because you sound like good people.
She has chosen to move away. She is seeing someone new. You (to your credit) are aware of, and trying to fix, some problems that you had created in the relationship. Apologies are always good. Probably the best thing and only thing you can do is write her a short, simple email saying that you realize now that you sometimes were short with her due to your anxiety, which you have taken steps to control, and you're sorry for that. If ever she wants to talk, she knows how to reach you, love spencernb. Then, forget you wrote it. She has moved on: geographically, emotionally, educationally. She is different now. You, meanwhile, are in a relationship with your regrets and your memory of how she used to be--but not the real woman. Tell yourself that. She is in the past. This is done. Your goal is to start over fresh with someone new. Open your mind to the women around you. Do new things. Travel. Maybe go back to school yourself. You have to move forward. You do not have her in your life any more. Here's to starting over.
That's excellent to hear, especially because stress can bring on an outbreak!
If Turk's mother is sane, he should talk it over with her, forwarding emails as proof. Sure, you're all grownups, but you can't go to a wedding if you're not invited. Then when you don't show up, Lilly might spin some crazy story to your MIL about how you called her fat and ugly or something, and it could cause rifts in the family for years. This way your MIL can try to talk sense into her, or at least know that it's her fault if you two don't show up.
Even without any other detail, if she slaps you on the face for any reason, that's plenty of dealbreaker right there. Given that she should be more attentive towards you and your needs at this time and is making demands that you pay attention to her as if nothing had changed for you, again, that's a good reason to break up also. I was coming into thus thread ready to advise you that mourning is an altered state, so you shouldn't make any rash decisions. Reading your post, it sounds more like the scales fell from your eyes and now you see the truth of your relationship. Separate from her and reach out to your friends.
It could be that he has lost his attraction, or that living with his parents has hit his confidence which is affecting his libido. Can you handle two and a half more months of this? Are you worried that it's over? For your own mental health, you may need to find a room in a shared place and move out.
Speaking of C cup size...clothing manufacturers don't get that the torsos of shirts and blazers shouldn't be straight tubes. Button down shirts? Fail. If it can be done up at tit level, at gut level, it's so floppy that I look pregnant. Then the damn thing spends all day sneakily undoing itself anyway. I have sadly resigned myself to a lifetime of t-shirts.
Wow, I love me some H &amp; M but I had given up on button downs. I'll have to give theirs a chance. Edit: for women in more blue collar jobs, school uniform stores have decent khakis with stretch built in at very reasonable prices. In my city, there are a lot of charter schools which have khaki and polo uniforms and the uniform stores have khakis that non stick figure girls and women can wear, and they look a whole sight better on a woman than male tailored khakis. *shudder*
&gt; But raising a 1 year old can be hellish. True. &gt; They CAN be brats. Sorry, can't agree with you there. The child was fussing and throwing his food. No, this is not polite table manners. This is a tiny, nonverbal child expressing, in the only way in which he was developmentally capable, that he was finished eating. People who are raising children need to keep a child's developmental level and capabilities in mind at all times. A baby, toddler, preschooler, school aged child, middle schooler, and teenager are at different levels and expectations need to be set accordingly. Case in point involving a friend of mine. Her baby had been fussing and restless all day due to being sick. The 3-year-old, C, was fed up both with all the fussing and with his mother being relatively unavailable to due always having to care for the baby. He pitched a fit and threw a toy truck at her. She took the truck, put it on a shelf, and he freaked out and burst into tears. She sat down, spike soothingly, and comforted him until he was chill. Yes, he was being a brat, so he got a logical consequence. But instead of being called names, which would have accomplished nothing, he was comforted. He will grow up knowing not to throw things when angry, and that when people are stressed out, you stop and love them. So, yeah, the term brat doesn't even apply to a 1-year-old. Also, punitive, authoritarian upbringings are no better than letting a kid do whatever. In fact, research shows that authoritarian parenting is actually more harmful than permissive parenting (not that that's good either). This subreddit can provide plentiful examples showing why.
I agree that a person could easily, in a moment of frustration, call a baby or dog a brat. In fact, I myself have done so. My point was that it's important, and very helpful, for parents to do their best to maintain a realistic outlook on the causes of a child's behavior and not just the amount to which it happens to annoy them. That's very necessary in order to maintain the discipline to not call a kid names later on, when they have acquired enough verbal and social skills to really get under your skin. I had to learn this when I went back to teaching in inner city schools. Just because a child's behavior is aggravating doesn't mean that the aggravation is the full story. I have experienced some epic brattiness from my students and my own kid that had a whole other layer of meaning behind it. Not all brattiness is simple brattiness. The tough part is that simple and complex brattiness have to be dealt with in very different ways. But I digress. 1-year-olds? Stressful, yes, but they are not even really capable of true brattiness.
That sounds like a solid plan right there.
After two years of under- and unemployment, it may no longer be possible for her to get a job in her field, or at least not without a significant investment in upgrading herself. The reality is that her career prospects are at a serious impasse. I'm not saying that she shouldn't take a McJob--but that if she doesn't want to be stuck at a terrible wage level, she unfortunately may need to rethink her career choices from the ground up.
Yeah, the gym thing seemed strange to me, too. It sounds as if he may have a disordered relationship with his body that manifests itself in an obsession with his body fat, sort of like anorexia, but with working out instead of dieting. Google gym obsession disorder.
You need to think long and hard about whether you want to dedicate your life to being someone's caretaker. You are not a therapist. With a serious condition like bipolar disorder, love is not enough to make everything better. You cannot be with him 24/7. You cannot control him or make him take his meds properly. He will do things that hurt you, intentionally or unintentionally. Being in a relationship may stress him put and make the condition worse. You trying to save him from himself may end up enabling and making him more dependent on you. You are only human, and not a mental health professional, and as such may unintentionally do something to hurt him that would not have effected a more neurotypical person. You may never be able to be married. You may wake up one day and question why you spent the prime years of your life in a caretaking role. You may never be able to have children with him, or if youndo, you may find yourself in the position of taking care of them and him. I don't want to paint all bipolar people as dependent train wrecks, and I'm not telling you to break up. However, you face significant challenges in this relationship that you would not with a mentally more robust person. It would be best if you opened your eyes to the long term realities of what being the SO of a bipolar partner means. This includes allowing him to take primary responsibility for his own mental health, setting limits on his treatment of you, and having action plans in place in case his mental state deteriorates.
/r/bipolarsos
My understanding is that losing consciousness prevents the short term memory of the event from writing to long-term memory. Losing consciousness in and of itself is a sign that some sort of head trauma occurred, whether or not the person was diagnosed with concussion (which OP's girlfriend was). I am not a medical professional, just someone who reads things. There is no special authority to my words, so feel free to correct. :D
ADHD makes ordinary things hard, and depression is often a comorbidity. Go easy on yourself and try to avoid situations that may exacerbate your ADHD or depression. Make no bones about it, you are depressed. This is an emergency. Ok, I'm going to make this simple. Here is your chores list. 1.) Call the National Suicide Prevention Hotline. Now. Do it. Got to happen. Your emotional state is very, very bad. You are at the end of your rope. Call. Now. 800-273-8255. 2.) On Monday, call at least 2 lawyers who have free consultations. Set up appointments and learn about your options. If you decide you really need a lawyer, also make an appointment with Legal Aid. Once you know what your options are, make a plan. **You cannot stay with someone that you are so angry at you want to hit them.** Hitting people is a crime. You are depressed and you have ADHD, which reduces your impulse control. You need to get out of this situation by any means necessary before someone gets hurt. No excuses. I am trying not to be one of those "break up!" people for whom /r/relationships is so notorious, but the dire situation of your emotional state changes things. Make a plan and GTFO of the house. BTW, if you decide you don't want to or can't divorce yet, physically separating is not the same as divorcing. 3.) Call the uncle. See if you can actually live there and if so, under what conditions. See what your job prospects are.
His addiction is his responsibility. You owe him nothing. Attempted rape is a felony. It makes no difference whether the perpetrator was drunk, high, straight, whatever. He is responsible for his drinking. You are responsible for your own recovery, from the rape, and from the denial and codependency that are part and parcel from being in a relationship with an alcoholic.
&gt; This is absolutely about me, Yes. &gt; but it is also about the safety of my boyfriend, and God forbid, anyone else he may hurt because of his addiction. No. That is his responsibility, 100%, not yours. At all. &gt; I don't understand how I am making this solely about me. We're trying to convince you to withdraw from this relationship and focus on yourself and your recovery. If you're worried about us accusing you of being self-centered (not sure if I'm interpreting correctly), that's the opposite of what we're saying. We *want* you to be self centered right now. &gt; But I do agree with you about being powerless. Excellent!!!!! OK now find yourself an Al-Anon meeting. That's for YOU, the codependent ex-girlfriend of an alcoholic. You will feel weird, awkward, and yucky. You will be scared to attend the meeting. Every fiber in your being will want to run away back to the comfortable, familiar drama. Be brave. Attend the meeting anyway. Attend at least 6 meetings before you decide whether or not it is for you. Go ahead, right now, be brave. Search on the Internet for am Al-Anon meeting near you.
Remember, his willingness to go to AA is his responsibility, not yours. The argument that they are too religious is an excuse. Your Higher Power can be anything you want. It can be a chair, a flower, an admired person, the loving spirit your pet kitten shows you, anything. Nobody cares. Nobody asks. **His recovery is not your responsibility.** Yours is.
It's really up to what you *feel* like doing. Not what I want, not what is best for him, but what you feel like. Personally, ~~I think you should.~~ Upon re-reading your post, I'm wondering if it wasn't actually a rape, a straight up rape. I do not know what the police and courts will or will not do, nor what the process will be like. I highly recommend that you visit a women's shelter or Planned Parenthood in your area and lay the whole thing out for them so you can make a thoughtful choice based on knowledge of how the justice system works in your area. If you want to talk to his family, if you think there is support and healing for **you** there, maybe. However, if you are seeking for them to intervene, I'm not sure what that will accomplish. Remember, the goal is what you need to do for yourself and your recovery, because...all together now... **His recovery is not your problem and not your issue.**
She's 10 years younger than you and moved in after only 5 months. She probably found that she had moved too fast and felt restless. Meanwhile, you're pressuring her to have a kid. So she used the trip idea--dating back to November--as an excuse to get out. I'm not saying it's right--in fact, she sounds pretty immature. But in any event, yeah, if she can't tell you the truth, it's over and she's afraid to tell you because she lives with you. Moving forward: Date people closer to your age. Take time to get to know them. Wait like, a year before moving in. If you want kids, wait until the relationship is rock solid stable to have kids. Discuss it early, get married if you're into that, then kids. I'm not trying to be some fuddy duddy, but 8 months in with a much younger woman, who must be a little on the naive side if she has never traveled alone, is much too soon to have kids. Here's what you do short term. It's over. Let her go. Be nice about it, because getting ragey isn't going to win her back. If a person wants to go, encourage openness and let them go. Now, next steps. I'm about to do a lot of reading between the lines here. I may be wrong, but if the shoe fits... This will be the 2nd woman who has used a trip as a way to get away from you. What's up with that? Either you have terrible luck, maybe, but my spider sense is telling me that these women develop this strong urge to escape. Do you think that might be possible? Why? Next observation is that you have pretty rigorous standards about contact. You're not doing it right. My SO is about 2,000 miles away at the moment visiting people. We talk about once or twice a day. We're both doing things. I'm not trying to pin down his every movement like you are. There's no need to. Just like you noticed, you can tell on the phone right away if things are weird. When I talk to my SO, everything seems great! This wasn't the case with my ex 5 years ago. He suddenly dropped off the radar during a trip. I thought it was weird, but waited until he got back. Yup, weird AF. I talked it put and pinned him down at that time, set my limits and he moved out. What I'm saying is that you trust your senses. If someone is with you, you don't need to cling. If someone wants to leave, there's no point in clinging. Your behavior strikes me as clingy. If you are being clingy and controlling--and again, I may be super wrong; this is for you to ask yourself--you may be scaring women and driving them away. So, to answer your question, does it seem like things are weird between you and your girlfriend? If so, then they probably are, I'm sorry. Encourage open communication. If she wants to go, it's probably for the best, even if it hurts. Examine yourself and ask yourself honestly if there are patterns in your relationships. If so, get help to figure out how to break those patterns. In the future, date women at your stage of life. IF you really want kids, make a deliberate, stable plan about it with your SO. Take your time to work put if you are with someone stable. Don't move so fast. Let the kinks and weirdness es shake themselves put before you move in, before you get married, before you conceive, because each one of these steps ties you closer together, and you don't want to be tied to an untested person with large unknowns.
He clearly is angry that you are on to his abusive ways. If you have enough details, perhaps you should file a police report. They may not do much about it given that it's hearsay on your part, but it sounds like a threat to your wellbeing and best to start a paper trail.
Ultimatum time. It's a free country. He can stay or he can go. If he really wants a curvy girl with D cups, he should go. If he really loves you and wants to stay, he can stop with the comments. Pick one.
Before you do any nanny cam thing, make sure that recording without getting the other's permission, a.k.a. one party recording, is legal in your state. Do you have a job? Do you have any money of your own? Can you find a cheap room to rent at least? If you possibly can, move out, **now.** What your brother-in-law did is attempted rape. His behavior is not going to stop. You need to understand that. It is only going to escalate. He sense that you are afraid and ashamed, and if you don't have the money to move out, he thinks he has complete power over you. You need to get out, now. Do you have any friends who can take you in? If not, call some women's shelters. If you don't have an income, they will help set you up with social benefits and a job. If you are going to school, take out a student loan and use the money to get a small room of your own. Once you are out, tell your sister. Sadly, she may choose denial and try to blame it on you. But as /u/Stacieinhorrorland said, you owe it to her to let her know what a piece of shit her husband is.
Honey. No excuse for abuse. Want to know how many times the men in my life have gotten violent? Zero. Because **violence is not a normal or acceptable response.** Does somebody need to get hurt before you take this seriously? What if that person were you? Would you rationalize it away and give him another chance because, well, he did say he was sorry? What ud you could forestall the next violent act by throwing this violent person out of your life, now? If he's truly sorry about what he did, he should seek psychiatric help. You do not owe it to him to give him another chance, or support him, or any other thing he might guilt you about. He needs to take care of his problems on his own, and you need to be safe. No excuse for abuse.
4 years is a really long time for people so young. I'm not trying to put you down; it's more that at this age you are changing rapidly. Cheating is an immature response to wanting to break up. I'm wondering if part of you didn't let this happen so that you would have an excuse to break up. Thus is your penance: Call him and tell him what you did simply and plainly. Let him react for a while. After no more than 10 minutes, or if he gets verbally abusive, hang up. If he says anything scary like he wants to kill himself, hang up and call the police in his area. In the future, articulate your feelings honestly as soon as they crop up. If you feel bored and restless in a relationship, it's ok to end it simply because you feel like it. Move on. Don't flagellate yourself forever. Just work on your communucation skills and don't be afraid to be straightforward and honest with friends and partners.
It sounds like your girlfriend has self esteem issues and is at risk of an eating disorder. This is a very tough problem for you to battle alone. As a boyfriend, the best you can do is say what you said here, that you look at her and see pure hotness. Also, when she puts herself down, let her know how upsetting it is to hear that. You may not be able to reassure her into having a better self image. If the self depreciating remarks continue unabated, you may need to sit her down and tell her that her self hatred is very concerning and that she may need to see a therapist to help her develop healthier self talk, because she is either depressed or putting herself at rush for depression or an eating disorder.
She sounds like a really lonely, vulnerable girl who had a crush and who is attracted to somebody who helps her to feel better about herself. I feel 100% sympathy for your sister. As for your fiancé...he is being a bit self centered. I think he may be too immature to see that he needs to take a parental role in this, so to speak, and back off and set limits so that her heart isn't broken. You need to have a sit down with him and explain that his behavior with her is making you uncomfortable. Do not let him gaslight you by saying "she's like a sister" or "I'm just being a good friend." If either of these were true, he would stay outside of her personal space, never ever hang around her without another person present, and make an effort to include you in their interactions, which is just basic manners. If he accuses you of jealousy, that means that he is immature and self centered and enjoying the attention. Even if she is technically of the age of consent, a 21-year-old who has probably held down jobs, has had sex, and has probably attended at least some college is way too overwhelming for a vulnerable, lonely, and probably depressed highschooler. In other news, she should probably be encouraged to participate in social activities with good kids her age. Are there any art classes she could take, for example? She may need therapy, or at least an evaluation for depression. I'm not getting the impression that she is a very happy person in general. In high school, even the uncool kids usually have their circle. It is very worrisome that she does not.
We can't really tell from out here in Internetland, because as much as anything OP may have legitimately picked up on a vibe that's going on. Even if all of the feeling is coming from little sis, she sounds very vulnerable if she has literally no other friends. At very least, bf should pull back a little. Even if he is not doing anything unreasonable on its face, he may need to make a special effort not to lead a vulnerable girl on.
&gt; it was difficult for me to communicate what was on my mind with him because the things I was thinking of were not things he wanted to hear. You are not the problem here. You cannot communicate anything to anyone who refuses to listen. &gt; His previous relationships were with girls who did not communicate with him and decided to break up with him after a few months. If that keeps happening to him, the common denominator is *him.* Again, he is the problem. There is nothing you can fix. If he forbids you to say anything negative to him ever, you have to decide how much longer you want to spend with His Royal Perfectness.
Step 1 is talk to her. Tell her exactly how you felt. Ask her what she meant by "made with love," and try your best to get a factual answer. If she refuses to give you a straight answer or you suspect that she is lying, you can purchase a home drug test kit from the drugstore and work it out for yourself. The overarching problem is that if she did put something in the brownies without telling you, she violated you on a very basic level. You and you alone get to decide what goes into your body. To drug somebody without their knowledge--even if it's a vitamin--is completely unacceptable and may even be illegal. So, this is something over which maybe the shit should hit the fan. Let's say the brownies did have pot. The tough part is, it is extremely difficult to find research about the effects of combining pot and stimulant medications. There seems to be a little bit about combining pot and antipsychotics or antidepressants, but that's a whole different thing. The best I could find was anecdotes written from one biased viewpoint or other. I can say that, as someone with ADHD who has tried pot, my personal experience is that pot has no place in my life because it seems to exacerbate the way I already am--scatterbrained, disorganized, unmotivated, prone to mindless snacking, easily absorbed by something interesting. That's just me. I'm not trying to hate on pot or pot users--I'm saying that in effect it's like I'm already mildly stoned as my natural state of being. Many other people with ADHD who are trying to be more productive feel similarly. So, if you want a general rule based on my experience, you, even more than most people, should actually avoid pot. So on that level, the "favor" she thought she did you was anything but. So, on a very primitive level, I guess you could say that pot and Concerta achieve opposite effects. The next problem is that THC takes a very long time to completey leave your system. Like, a month or so. I think you should absolutely talk this over with your doctor because medically, I know diddley squat. Don't even tell him who did it if you don't want to. He is supposed to keep confidentiality. As for your friend, if she in fact did something to the brownies, you do not need to be her emotional anchor or her anything. She would not be your friend, she would be a huge fucking asshole whom you don't need in your life. I don't care how many foster homes she has been in. She needs to learn that there are consequences to her actions, such as losing friends because of drugging them without their knowledge or consent. If you decide not to blow this up to any authority figures, you can freeze her out. Be cordial at work or school, but your friendship is done. She is not trustworthy, end of story. If there is any awkwardness, it is not your fault.
Well put.
Remember: she didn't care for you then, and she doesn't care for you now. She sees nothing but her own needs. She does not care if you can pay your bills or whether your marriage is ok--in fact, if you ended up divorced, she would probably think it meant that you had even more love and attention for her. Never forget that.
Involved in a similar situation in CA courts,You have the legal right to go straight to the court on Monday and ask for an ex parte hearing, which means an emergency hearing. You could get a hearing that day. In this, you ask the judge for full physical custody based on the husband having no appropriate physical accommodations for the son to stay at his apartment. If the judge grants it, there would be a hearing later as to whether to make the custody change permanent. Hopefully this would be a wake up call, your husband fixes things, and you all go back to the original custody arrangement. Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer. Please contact your lawyer if you have one, or consult with a lawyer if you don't. A friend of mine grew up in a legit tenement in New York City during the Depression. There were something like 9 kids living on one income. The kids slept in one room and the parents in the other, because that is an appropriate boundary. If Dad is otherwise ok, he can see his son for the day on the weekend or pick him up from school and then bring him back to yours at night. Please see a lawyer first thing Monday. I know it's a lot of money--ex partes mean 2 court hearings--but this is your kid's wellbeing. Find a lawyer who accepts credit, max out your credit cards, hit your family up for money, because there is no better investment than your kid being ok.
They're in California, so I can assure you it's fair. There is a computer program called the Dissomaster and both parents' incomes are fed in without regard to gender, orientation, a judge's whims, or anything.
Well, he's in a bedroom with two children and Granny. I am beyond turned off just thinking about it. I don't get why they can't go to the living room to do the deed and come back to sleep.
Simple remedy: dad and fiancée could have gone into the living room to do their business. There's still a chance that one of the kids would wake up, cone out and see them, but at least they would be taking due precautions. I mean, would you want to have sex in front of two small children?
The money is already spent. If you go through with marrying your abuser, you will spend even more, and then you will have to spend a lot to get divorced. If you are still hurting right now or have any visible marks or bruises, see a doctor. In any event, file a police report, try to get a restraining order, and take him to small claims court to try to recoup some of the damages (such as the doctor visit and the tablet). If you can't get a restraining order, move back in with your grandparents. $2,345 sounds like a lot, but you can pay this back. $200 a month for a year or $100 month for two years, worst case, assuming you can't recoup some of it. You have known him since you were 17 and 18. People change. His is the age at which people start manifesting mental illnesses. Even if he acts sweet, begs and pleads, promises to go to therapy, **you cannot go on with this person. ** It will be hard, but much less hard than living with an abuser. Google two things for me: sunk cost fallacy, and hearts and flowers abuse.
Objection, relevance. He hurt her over a trivial stupidity and she needs to get him out of her life ASAP.
Oh good. I hope my words help. Yeah, poor kid sounds like she's been through much more than has been written here.
The arrangement was supposed to be temporary. From the kid's account, this has been going on for a while. As is typical of children, he was embarrassed to say anything, was afraid of his father knowing that he was telling about, and waited to say anything until it was really bothering him. So the kid needs this to stop now. The sleeping arrangement was supposed to be temporary, but it has been going on for three months. She divorced him because of an issues of sexual boundary pushing. So, yeah, I guess you're right that she should start with a conversation with the husband, but this has to not happen again, not even once. She needs to protect her child. It's not just the idea of the thing: the child is uncomfortable.
Leave, get student loans, and go back to school. These people want to control you and hold you back. It is so upsetting to me that they made you interrupt your education for unpaid labor that does nothing to advance your life. Your grandmother and mother need to solve their own problems. If you spend several years to a decade staying at home and taking care of her, you will come out the other end impoverished and unemployable except for a minimum wage entry level job. You are an adult. You need to get out. They will be enraged with you doing this, because they want your unpaid labor, they want to control you, and your future wellbeing is irrelevant to them.
You might prefer to slip her information about women's shelters. Offering her your home greatly increases the chance that you fall into a relationship, and if she's depending on you and has all those kids depending on you, you wind up not being able to bring yourself to ever tell them to leave. Better to let her get free of her abuser and standing on her own feet before starting something, if at all, so that you can take things at whatever pace feels right for you. When people are in distress, be very careful of over promising on a momentary impulse. You can help her move her essentials out, for instance, or give her a ride or two if necessary.
16 is pretty young. She obviously wants to play the field, and has to learn that actions have consequences and that people get hurt. Leave her. You're going to college soon, I hope? There are plenty of fish in that sea.
It sounds like he is in denial some serious health problem. It could definitely be asthma, because asthma can manifest itself in coughing; it isn't always wheezing. The super dry winter air of Colorado doesn't help either. It could also be pneumonia, which left untreated, can take much longer to treat and even kill you. You can tell him your concerns without being blunt. Just phrase it in a professional manner. "Roommate, I have been thinking about this, and I really think you need to see a doctor about your cough." The tough part is--and I may be excoriated for saying this--that it's his smoking that's fucking him up, not just the way in which he's smoking. Unfortunately, I have never ever met a pot smoker who was willing to acknowledge that pot smoke is basically smoke. If he doesn't want to modify his intake habits, he should be doing edibles as /u/KittenWhiskey said, but alas, you're in for a lot of resistance and probably hostility for even suggesting such a thing. The only other way of convincing him might be having an intervention with a couple of your friends to try to get him to a doctor. Beyond that, unfortunately, it might take a serious health crisis to cut through the denial, so keep an eye on him.
Wow, you are way young to be stuck in a marriage with so much cheating. And it's not even like she met someone and lost it--not like that would be ok--but she actually set out to intentionally cheat! With 3 different guys! She must have issues, but that's for her to fix. You need to start to imagine a life without her because you don't have her. Your marriage is a sham. You deserve to be really married to a woman who also wants to be married to you.
It's very hard to tell from this post what is going wring in your interactions. Given that she used to physically abusing you and then "toned it down," I suspect that she may be verbally abusing you by haranguing you. Do you ever get the impression that you are wrong by definition? A good first step might be to get yourself a counselor and discuss in detail your interactions with her. I don't want to blame the victim here but there is literally no way of knowing based on the generalities in this post if this is a communication problem or if she simply has a mental illness or personality disorder that she is projecting onto you. One thing I can say is that it is not normal and right to be arguing all the time, and it shouldn't be a big, weird, confusing mystery what the argument is about. If the arguments boil down to how much you suck, it's probably time to get out of the relationship.
You need to get out, now. This giy is a gambling adfict and gambling addicts are incorrigibly insane. Get out, now, before he bleeds you of every dime you have. Do you have friends or family that you can borrow plane fare from? Because I want to emphasize with extreme prejudice that there is no salvaging this man or this situation.
So, they invaded your privacy and looked up your medication, but couldn't be bothered looking up your religion? Bigotry certainly makes people stupid. When you go to the university as others suggested, be prepared for the university to do nothing since it's off campus. You may have to be persistent and find the right person. When you go to the landlord, hopefully they can help you find another place if they're a larger scale landlord. If not, hopefully they can let you out of the lease. If your state is a one-party state (meaning, you don't need the other person's permission to record them), record the conversation, because if they join in your roommates' sentiments, it is a violation of federal law. Meanwhile, while you are getting your living situation sorted, put a lock on your door and keep all of your possessions and food in your room. Your roommates are not allowed in your room for any reason whatsoever. If your state is a one-party state, have your voice recorder going when you enter and leave your place so that if they make any threats, you have proof. I'm so sorry you are going through this. You have to get out as soon as possible because it is very toxic to your mental health. In talking with future roommates, ask them how they would feel about a housemate being a member of a minority religion. Have that discussion and weed out the bigoted assholes right off the bat. If any landlords treat you overtly poorly, remember that pesky federal regulation.
Worse yet, they invaded her privacy and looked up Resperdal, but they weren't capable of reading a Wikipedia article about Sikhism. TheI stupidity is willful.
The other thing, even if they weren't idiot racists, is that any situation where two people know each other better than the 3rd will result in the 3rd being ostracized.
Sometime minorities come to White majority nations and, feeling the pressure of racism to be "normal," assimilate the idea of prejudice as well. Let your boyfriend deal with his family. If he finds it necessary to cut them off, don't feel guilty or make him feel guilty. In his place I'd be going either no- or low contact. As for you, I don't see why you need to interact with these people for another nanosecond. Their treatment of you is abusive. You are not going to win them over by being friendly and kind and awesome, because they have decided that you are awful by definition. Just because you're used to being bullied over your race doesn't mean you have to voluntarily keep putting up with that bullshit. If I were you, I would go no contact with them, and never look back unless one of them wants to come groveling to you with an abject apology, taking 100% ownership of their actions with no excuses, and then shows with their actions on an ongoing basis that they mean what they said. Edit: P.S. if anyone leaves a comment advocating violence or using racist slurs, report them to the mods.
Yeah, I felt like I was in Crazy Town in the last thread. To me there were many clear indications that there was a lot more lurking under the surface.
&gt; I have had some codependency issues my whole life, and this has been an issue in our relationship because I don't give him enough time to himself. Even if this were true, his drinking is not your fault. It is his choice. My advice is you should find some "me time" to attend a few Al-Anon meetings, which are for friends and family of alcoholics. Try to go to at least 6. I'm pretty sure you will learn some important things.
I'm thinking that the "Me Time" is an excuse to drink in this case.
I'm very curious as to why a girl with whom you've barely communicated suddenly wants to spend a month with her heathen bisexual liberal sister. Maybe she's just oblivious and entitled, or maybe there's more to the story. Does she also miss the closeness you two once had? Is she starting to question the values she has grown up with? Is there something going on at home? Phone her up and be diplomatically honest. Your place is small, you and your boyfriend work every day so you won't be able to play tour guide very much, and ask if she has done any research about the country, its language, and its customs. Tell her that you would love to reconnect with her. Explain matter-of-factly how it is in your country and that people's politics and lifestyles are very different than back home. Listen. See how she reacts. Once you have a better sense of what her motives are, let her know how long she can stay. Emphasize that people's politicall and religious views are profoundly different from how they are back home, and make her promise on a stack of Bibles and Trump campaign posters not to engage with people on these topics.
His reaction to your request tells you everything you need to know. Unfortunately, after being in your place for a month, he may have established residency. You may need to give him 30 days notice in writing. This may be upsetting, and on fact you may be in violation of your lease already, but start the clock now. Make the letter short and simple. He needs to leave by 2/26/2016. Send it by email as well. Here are the talking points: You were not ready for him to move in as a romantic partner. Very few relationships are ready for that after one month. You want your own space back. Why? Because you do. If he starts the whole thing about what a wonderful roommate and partner he has been and how much room you have, you use the fabulous word "nevertheless," as in, "Nevertheless, I want my space back." If he tries to guilt you by saying that he has nowhere else to go, the answer is that he has 30 days to work that out, and beyond that is not your problem. You are under no obligation to support another grown adult. If he calls you an asshole, tell him that yes, you are, and nevertheless, you refuse to be verbally abused in your own home. Move his things out of your bedroom and get a lock for your door. If this is somehow not feasible, move your most valuable items to storage. Get renter's insurance and document by photograph the state of your apartment. If you really don't trust him, set up some cameras to show what he's up to while you're out with an app that streams real time data and call the police if he gets up to anything or disables the cameras. Change the WiFi password. He can do his job hunting in Starbucks or the library. No need to let him get comfortable there. The minute he says or does anything remotely threatening, call the police and get a restraining order. That obliges him to move out immediately. Edit: /u/Ungrateful_Daughter's advice is better...maybe you can get him out now instead of waiting 30 unbearable days. Edit 2: If any of his mutual friends give you heat based on his biased version of events, they can take him in or shut TF up.
Prejudice makes people stupid. Bigots start with the conclusions, and warp or ignore facts to fit them.
Death is a stupid, impersonal force. A couple of huge events have just happened in which you were at or near the center, but had little to no control. You could not control him cheating and dumping you. You could not control his death. The enormity of these two events exceeds your mind's ability to make sense of it all. Surely, says your brain, you should have done something! The Serenity Prayer applies here. (If you are not religious, take out the diety and make it a meditation or affirmation).
&gt; I feel like I've been stagnant for the past 3 years. That's what being with controlling and abusive people will do to you. Then he will put you down for being boring as a next step. You'be wasted too much time on him as it is.
Well at least OP can and is treating her bipolar. There's no pill that treats Asshole.
Sorta used to what, having problems?
Thank you for the update. I'm so sorry you had to go through this. You need to report the counselor and report her to the school's disciplinary office! Why should you have to go to school with your abuser? I'm glad to hear you have a stand up Dad who was ready to help.
I'm thinking that if OP gets a restraining order, she could actually be thrown out of campus housing.
50% of elders over the age of 80 in developed nations develop symptoms of dementia. A lonely old man in a sketchy city is very much at risk of being targeted by scammers, robbers, and all kinds of bad elements. The ones claiming to offer him love might be worse than the ones offering sex. I hope there is somebody in his life checking in on his affairs and making sure that he is paying his bills, doing his taxes, and still has the right amount of money in his account. Seniors have all the risks young people do and then some.
It's your job. He can deal or he can go. Most guys would be thrilled to go out with a model. Maybe you should be testing the waters with guys more your own age instead of this controlling, insecure, middle-aged man. Edit: you're banking most of the money, right? /r/personalfinance
Is he making you feel selfish and vain because you're a model? News flash, your appearance is your day job. The more I read about this guy the more I dislike him. You are attached to him, but he is not a good person. You are a beautiful model, for God's sake. You should have no problems finding men and in there somewhere will be some real gems. This man is jealous and insecure and is putting you down so that you feel doubts about yourself and think you are lucky to have him. Aargh, my blood is starting to boil. The next time he mentions anything negative about you--that modelling is bad or that you are selfish and vain--turn on your heels and walk out on his pathetic, insecure ass.
OMG!! Relationships are a dime a dozen but good jobs are not. I say this after a lifetime--and at the age of nineteen nobody turned their head for me except creeps and pervs--you can always get into another relationship. And who are these people who would judge you for dumping a pathetic and insecure man who puts you down? Naive people who are desperate? Now as for true love--yes, that is a rare and valuable thing. But some older guy who is trying to control you and who puts you and your job down? Honey, that is not a great relationship. He may be 30, but he is an insecure child. You may love him, but this is not some great, rare relationship. If it were a good relationship, he would love and support you as much as you love and support him.
At some point the owner is going to find out, at which point the company will have lost money, people will have been laid off, and the manager will then find a way to frame one of you. So yeah, you want to get in front of this.
If you're not on the lease, you actually have all the power. She shuts her cat in her room and should the cat get out and pee on something, she takes immediate responsibility for cleaning it. One more chance. If she doesn't immediately clean your bathmat/sheets/clothes, you are gone and the rent is all her problem.
This is not a Biblical thing, it is a teaching.
Check your lease. If she is spending literally every night there, it is possible that she is in violation of the terms of the lease. Many leases have a clause saying that guests cannot stay for over a certain amount of time. This could get you evicted.
A lot of times, one partner will ask for an open relationship either because they are attracted to somebody else, or because they realize that they are polyamorous. For me personally, I am very monogamous. I have no problem controlling my urges and I expect the same from my partner. If my partner suggested an open relationship, that may be a dealbreaker for me. That would mean that they had already harbored intentions of having sex outside of the relationship, and that to continue would mean either that I would have to suffer jealousy, or they would have to be repressing their desires, which would foster either sneaking around or resentment. I've seen people agree to open relationships just so that they don't lose their partner. That doesn't work, because they've already lost their partner in the sense that they want, so then they get to endure months or years of (to them) humiliation before losing the person altogether. As a 54F, maybe I am a fogey. I'm not trying to judge. If you are excited or turned on by the prospect, go for it. However, if it had never occurred to you to have multiple sex partners and one main partner, you should wish your girlfriend good night and good luck.
Her parents will have stopped visiting her grave because it's just too painful.
He's sexually involved with his ex, he keeps promising to stop, he is gaslighting you about it, and he doesn't satisfy you sexually. Your father sexually abused you--which is as bad as it gets--and your poor mother was unavailable due to her brain damage (and I'm willing to bet that your father used that as an excuse). These reasons are why you have a terror of abandonment and great difficulty setting boundaries, especially with sex. You need to get into therapy now, and as soon as you are strong enough, dump this cheating asshole.
Well, now you know why she didn't have friends in high school. If it weren't for the door issue, it would have been something else. The credit card thing doesn't even make sense. A college kid is probably not going to have a 100 limit, and if it was stolen, all she would just have to phone the credit card company and have them issue a new one. She is quite possibly emotionally imbalanced. Who knows if she is bipolar, has paranoia, but the worry is that her behavior may start to escalate. I would advise you to start a journal documenting her actions, this post being a good start. First, talk to her and tell her that staring at you as she did last night was unacceptable and she is not to do that ever again. Regardless of whether or not you did something she didn't like, which you have since tried to remedy, and regardless of whether or not she likes you as a friend, you are roommates and you have the right to feel safe in your room. Her staring at you was an aggressive act and you felt scared and she is not to do that again. Note her reaction. If she does or says anything that makes you feel unsafe or can be constituted as a threat, take it to the Dean of housing immediately. Next, if her response was more garden variety bitchy, go to the RA and lay it all out. Right now it will sound like a simple roommate squabble, but at least you're starting an official record of what's going on. Maybe you could take a friend to back you up about how she has been acting, since lots of other friends have noted the same thing. The RA may or may not know how to cope. If he or she suggests a mediation, that would be good--either you air things out, or she acts weird and hostile in an environment where people in an official capacity can witness it. A mediation would be a great place to bring up the staring incident. I'm guessing this may continue to escalate. Keep documenting what is happening and updating the RA. Now, for your safety: you may want to store anything valuable somewhere else. Keep your computer with you at all times, even taking it to bed, because you don't want her to flip out and smash it. Keep all work backed up onto cloud storage. Keep a toothbrush, underwear, and other small toiletries in your backpack in case you need to get out of your room in a hurry. If at any time you feel unsafe, trust your instincts, do not stay there. Stay with friends and notify the RA. Edit: wurds Edit II: The RA is getting paid to be your RA. Her difficult program of study is not your problem. If she doesn't do her job, escalate to whoever is above her and bring the problem to them. The RA system exists to help you, and ultimately your tuition money is financing it. You do not deserve to deal with this alone.
That is an excellent idea.
Next time, don't spend all day fighting about anything. She just not that into you. I don't care what her words say; her actions say otherwise. Save it for someone honest who actually values you.
Yes, please do!
Combine all those texts into one Word document that you can hand or email to your advisor. In mediation, there would be a mediator there. They are supposed to facilitate an agreement, not take sides, but you don't have to agree to anything unless you want to. Who knows, it might even help--you could promise to lock the door whenever you're not in the room or at night, and you could ask that she cut the silent treatment and speak to you with basic manners--hello, goodbye, good morning, how was your day, good night, that sort of small talk that people use to recognize each other's humanity--and communicate any issues that she has using words in a civil tone instead of yelling or intimidating gestures. If she tried to step out of line, you could remind her of her agreement. Then, the mediator would be a witness to any craziness on her part. If she really lost it in front of the mediator, you would have a pretty great case to get a new roommate assignment. I am not a psychologist, but from my experience, people like your roommate who hold on tightly to any slights and maintain that state of rage for a long time are not mentally well. There are a variety of conditions that can cause this, but that's not your concern. Please let us know how it goes! This may be frustrating to resolve because you may have to jump through some hoops to prove that this is something more than a bitchy spat between two immature girls (for the record, I don't see it that way).
This is surprisingly perceptive--up into the 19th century, women were considered as property of either their fathers, if unmarried, or their husbands. Not that that's a good thing...
Where's the code of which you speak written? You know what is actually a code? The legal code that says what constitutes this and that crime and what the penalties are. OP did not commit a crime, because in this country, consensual sex among two adults is legal. The assailant did commit a crime. Women are not property to be defended. This is not Saudi Arabia, nor, presumably, is OP living under the Taliban or ISIS controlled areas. Adult women are allowed to make their own autonomous decisions, and their relatives have no right to police their behavior.
Nahhh....doesn't sound like Roommate is great with self awareness...
When you told him No to his request to sit with you, you were doing it right. You need to stop thinking about his feelings. Let's say he's genuinely on the spectrum, is lonely, and has problems reading into people's behavior. In that case, the only way to help him is for him to learn what he can and can't do. It is not socially acceptable to follow a woman around and decide that she must interact with him. Therefore, if you truly want to do him a favor in this most benign scenario, you can't just ignore his behavior. People on the spectrum do not get hints. You have to tell him directly, just as you did that one time. "Stop following me," "Don't sit there," "Go away, I'm talking/studying," or just, "Go away." I know this goes against everything you have been taught about manners, but I hope you can understand why it is much kinder to both of you to set limits that YOU are comfortable with. *He will not learn how to act otherwise.* If indeed he is on the spectrum and that explains his behavior, you need to respect him enough to let him seek help in learning about social interactions from the Internet--people on the spectrum are perfectly capable of using Reddit and in fact tune into /r/relationships--or from a counselor. Therefore, by not setting strict, hard, clearly stated limits on him **every time,** you are enabling his antisocial behavior and putting off the day when he learns how to solve social problems. If he is not on the spectrum--then fuck him. Set limits and stop the pointless suffering he is inflicting on you!
If she is not on the lease: Gather all vital documents and papers and keep them somewhere else. Take photographs of the apartment. Get renter's insurance. Hand her a written notice to vacate within 30 days. Live somewhere else for the month. Crash on someone's couch if need be. Join a 24 hour gym to get your sanitation needs met. Check in on the apartment every day to ensure that she has not destroyed anything. If she is always home, bring another person with you, even a cop. Just tell them that it's a bad breakup. If she has destroyed or stolen anything, report the property damage to the police. If she threatens suicide, call 911. At the end of the month, you can have the police force her to leave. If she hasn't made other arrangements by then, that's on her. If she is on the lease, talk to the landlord and see what you can work out. But you can't keep living with her. That has to stop, now.
I agree that this is an unacceptable and unsafe situation, and you need to get out of it way sooner than 30 days. You might want to take this to /r/legaladvice to figure out how to get out of the contract. Step 1 is you should read the contract over carefully, but if that is hard to understand, you may still be able to get out of this because the living situation is not as advertised. Step 2 is you should contact Airbnb and tell them that feel unsafe in your living accommodation and explain why in detail. Emphasize that yoy were misled about the lack of privacy, twll them things like the shower incident and tell them that you need to get out of the contract effective immediately. If they try to weasel out of any liability, threaten to take this story to the press. Step 3 is you should contact the person who rented the place to you, explain that you feel unsafe and why, and that since you were misled about the lack of privacy and feel unsafe, unless they let you put of the contract effective immediately, you will be leaving a bad review. I don't know how the billing works--did you have to prepay? How are the payments done? I suggest that you take this to /r/legaladvice. As far as relationships advice, this situation is unsafe and you need to get out now by any means necessary. For the next day or so, you need to get very aggressive with this man. The next time he approaches you when he is nit coming or going, get loud, get in his face, get angry, and curse. Imagine a small animal who is cornered--it hisses or growls, makes itself look bigger, show its teeth and claws. You don't need to be more powerful than him to make it clear that if he pulls anything or invades you privacy, he will take some damage.
Sorry for double posting, but I went to the Help section of airbnb.Com and checked the long-term rental cancellation policy. Two clauses of relevance to your situation: &gt; Airbnb will mediate when necessary, and has the final say in all disputes... and &gt; Cancellation policies may be superseded by the Guest Refund Policy, safety cancellations, or extenuating circumstances. So, I think this all starts with an email and phone call to AirBnB. Describe your situation as you did here and don't minimize or sugarcoat anything. If a traveller cannot prevent a boundary-pushing guest from barging in as she showers, this is a clear safety issue. This guy is clearly escalating.
Your wife may be socially awkward--she wants to say something interestin and dramatic and feel part of the gang, but is too shy to talk to other people, so she impulsively brings up your business. The darker interpretation is that she is putting you down in public in order to feel superior, in control, something like that. /u/Doilyn's advice about broaching the subject is a good one. Here's hoping that your wife is mortified and apologetic, and promises not to ever do this again. Even if she does understand the gravity of what you are saying, how she chooses to act on this going forward will reveal to you whether her actions were born or innocent ovbliviousness, or something darker. If she starts to bring it up ever again, stop her bluntly: "Wife, please stop." If she keeps going, ask her again. If she keeps going after that, or if, when you have that initial talk she tries to justify what she did, or minimizes your distress, you have to decide what to do about someone who uses their intimate knowledge of you against you. In my opinion, you cannot live with a person like that. Here's hoping that your wife apologizes sincerely and means it. In any event, may I suggest therapy to help you process this terrible event? It sounds like you still carry a great deal of trauma and guilt inside. Kevin chose to take those dangerous drugs. You were much younger, at an age when kids have a huge urge to explore the world but do not have a strong frame of reference to evaluate situations. Nonetheless, you had the strength and compassion to call for help right away, and stayed with your friend in his dying moments. Many lesser kids would have just run away and left him. You were young and inexperienced, but you acted with loyalty and integrity. You do not deserve to be tortured by this tragedy forever. You did what you could. You deserve help in letting him go.
Get yourself tested for ADHD. That is also an explanation as to why long term goals and multistep tasks are unreasonably difficult. If so, take the meds and don't let anyone judge you for that. Otherwise, accept that maybe school just isn't the right situation for you. Look for a more structured job situation, even if it is humble, and look for ways you can build practical, marketable skills.
After having your talk, if you are still convinced that is the case, maybe she should also have therapy to help with her social confidence.
Might want to check out /r/personalfinance. Paying off debt is good, but depending on your situation, they may have some ways of reducing or restructuring that load somehow. Forgive me if you've been there and done that.
You are right that 1-year-old children bang themselves up all the time. In fact, if you hovered over him at every moment to prevent him from getting a scratch, you would be damaging him in an invisible way by hindering his development. Bumps and scratches are part of him learning how to navigate his clumsy little body through the world. In other words, your husband is using your child as an excuse to abuse you. It is very encouraging that you see the abuse for what it is. I hope you also realize that he is very unlikely to agree to see a counselor, or if he does, to actually take the therapy seriously and stick with it. Abusers generally don't mind being abusers and their apologies are just another way to control you. Unfortunately, I recommend that you make a plan to get out. Personally, I would be leaving him, but in case you don't have the courage to do so just yet, please work out who you could stay with. Go ahead and make some phone calls. Do not be ashamed of your situation. In case of a divorce, he would be liable for child suoport, alimony, and possibly even legal fees while you looked for work. You could make it if you needed to. Your son will be alright in day care--much better off than he would be as witness to Daddy abusing Mommy in his most formative years. Make a plan for now. You don't have to act on it just yet. Just make it, and keep a bag with essentials for you and baby packed at all times. Edit to add: look up the book "Why Does He Do That?" You can find it for free online.
Judges and court appointed therapists suss out family situations for a living and they are very, very astute. Believe me, they have seen it all and then some. In divorce cases, it is sadly common for one or both sides to throw around wild and baseless accusations of abuse, neglect, and aduleery in order to gain an advantage over the other side. I have no idea what goes on in your home really. But if you intend to lie or exaggerate to game the system and produce a certain outcome, they will work that out right away, and then completely disregard whatever you have to say and come to their own conclusions, and you will lose your voice. I am neither a judge nor a lawyer nor a therapist, but from your OP and your replies, I am getting the string impression that you may have been manipulated by some adult, either intentionally or unintentionally. You have definitely put yourself in the middle in an emotional sense. My advice is to pull back. Divorces are hard. Your heart is broken. There is fighting in the homJudges and court appointed therapists suss out family situations for a living and they are very, very astute. Believe me, they have seen it all and then some. In divorce cases, it is sadly common for one or both sides to throw around wild and baseless accusations of abuse, neglect, and aduleery in order to gain an advantage over the other side. I have no idea what goes on in your home really. But if you intend to lie or exaggerate to game the system and produce a certain outcome, they will work that out right away, and then completely disregard whatever you have to say and come to their own conclusions, and you will lose your voice. I am neither a judge nor a lawyer nor a therapist, but from your OP and your replies, I am getting the string impression that you may have been manipulated by some adult, either intentionally or unintentionally. You have definitely put yourself in the middle in an emotional sense. There is fighting in the house, and a lot of anger, sorrow, and fear floating in the air. You need to hunker down and take care of yourself. It is not your job to involve yourself in your parents' finances, emotions, legal situations, or anything else. Go to school, get counseling. Tease out what are **your** true thoughts and feelings, not somebody else's. When you are called upon to express your thoughts and feelings, give them the plain, honest truth.
Ok, listen. You are either being manipulated, or there are huge aspects of this thing you are not seeing, or you have been influenced by red pillers. Trust me...you have picked up and your parents' anger and taken it on as your own. You are not seeing what's really going on. You are looking at a spectrum with red lenses. You are blind to a lot. Please, please, please get therapy from your school.
See, that sounds like an honest story of you talking about your life. That is the kind of thing you should be saying. Stay out of talk about adults' finances and talk about your own life. That is what the judge is interested in.
I was thinking, whether and how to rearrange the debt payments so that they don't take up 100% of their cash at the expense of everything else, because this whole problem may be blowback from this. Yes paying off debt is good and important and responsible, but if they have marital problems, better to pay the debt a little slower.
If she is on the lease with the ex, it only means that one of the two of them has to pay the rent. If she ghosts, he's stuck with it. Problem #1 solved. If the husband stops paying rent altogether, the former landlord can start the eviction process, which takes time. If her credit and rental history get trashed, so will his. However this would take several months and is the worst case scenario. If she wants to play it safe, now is the time that she should be looking for a new place, before any eviction process can get started (which may not even happen). Next, she needs her own place. She can look on Craigslist and rent a room in a house. If the prospective new landlord asks if she has ever been evicted, she can truthfully say no. The prospective landlord has no way of knowing that her name is on some other lease. So, her thinking is skewed, and the time to act is now. Technically she has probably established residency in your apartment, but you don't need to wave that in her face. Just get emphatic. You gave her a hand up, and now she is going to return the favor by not getting you evicted. She is to find a place by COB Monday. End of story.
Take it seriously. There is absolutely no reason or excuse to say that, not because of work pressure (the abusers' all-purpose excuse), because of a momentary lapse, because he was really joking, nor any reason whatsoever. Threatening physical violence is, legally, assault. Call the police and report it in order to start a paper trail. Then text him saying that you have broken up with him and that he is not to contact you again. If you have things at his place, the police can escort you to pick them up. If he has a key to your place, ask your landlord to change the locks. If you receive any other threats over any means, again, let the police know immediately. If he comes up crying to you saying that he is so sorry and he didn't mean it and he's getting therapy and stress and depression and anxiety etc., leave/hang up/block him. If he is serious, he can finish his journey of self discovery and then start fresh with someone else.
If your aunt chooses to create a huge drama over you not living at her house, that is in her, though you might want to give key sensible family members your side of the story first. Much as it would be a pity to lose contact with your cousin, you cannot sacrifice your mental health by living with this crazy, controlling narcissist. That is a nonstarter. Limit your phone calls to as long as the conversation is pleasant. The minute she starts to pressure you, the reply is, "I'm sorry, that won't be possible." Then get off the phone in a hot minute. You can't make her be sane. You can only protect yourself. Oh, by the way, when you were living rent free at her house? 6 hours of child care a day at $9.00 per hour x 5 days a week = $270 per week = $1,080 per month value. Just saying.
Your girlfriend is mentally unbalanced, or controlling and abusive, who cares. You description the other day of how she puts her 14-year-old son to bed, snuggling him and giving him a back and foot massage, made my skin crawl. You need to get out of this relationship **NOW** and get yourself into therapy to undo the damage her crazymaking has done. Stop being a victim. Stop coming to the Internet to tell long stories about all the crazymaking things she does if you will then ignore our advice. There is no fixing this relationship. Get therapy and get out. That's the update we want to see.
The unspecified aches and pains could be deoression, exhaustion, or chronic stress. The next time he acts jealous of you, you should bring that up. He can start with diet, exercise, and sleep patterns. If these don't do the trick, he needs to see if he has depression.
I assume he's a typical abuse victim who sees himself as a passive victim. It's maddening, but abuse victims really get stuck. Every time I see him, he's getting the therapy and gone advice out of me. Who kniws, maybe one day he'll wake up. People in far worse situations have done so.
It sounds like you really don't want to be in her wedding. If you did so to avoid a colossal family shitstorm, I would recommend: Don't cut your hair. It's your hair. Don't discuss your homosexuality with your sister, ever again. There is no need for you to listen to her rants. The next time she starts in about it, tell her, "I'be heard your views, and this is not open for discussion." Then hang up/walk away. Don't bother to discuss your future theoretical wedding with her. You know where she stands and you don't need to keep hearing it. If this is a dealbreaker for you as far as participating in her wedding, fair play. Being a groomsman may subject you to haranguing and abuse. If they start in on you, ask them to stop or you will not participate in the wedding. You need to set limits on your sister.
If you suspect that someone is not that into you, then you are probably right. If you suspect that your new friends are not good people, you are probably right. If you are centering your life around doing hard drugs, you will alienate anybody functional and emotionally healthy. Get help for your addictions and emotional problems, focus on school and building friendships with good people, and later, building a solid career. Those are your priorities.
When I was a kid, I got a therapy where I received shots weekly to desensitized me to certain allergens, and it worked pretty well at reducing my asthma. He should try to see a good allergist and see what his options are. I'm a little agnostic as to whether you should rush into marriage for your Mom. You two know best, but maybe it would take some pressure off to have an engagement party with her in attendence. This would take the pressure off and let you focus on being with her and taking time to sort your lives. Just a thought.
When I was a kid, I got a therapy where I received shots weekly to desensitized me to certain allergens, and it worked pretty well at reducing my asthma. He should try to see a good allergist and see what his options are. I'm a little agnostic as to whether you should rush into marriage for your Mom. You two know best, but maybe it would take some pressure off to have an engagement party with her in attendence. This would take the pressure off and let you focus on being with her and taking time to sort your lives. Just a thought.
When I was a kid, I got a therapy where I received shots weekly to desensitized me to certain allergens, and it worked pretty well at reducing my asthma. He should try to see a good allergist and see what his options are. I'm a little agnostic as to whether you should rush into marriage for your Mom. You two know best, but maybe it would take some pressure off to have an engagement party with her in attendence. This would take the pressure off and let you focus on being with her and takibg time to sort your lives. Just a thought.
When I was a kid, I got a therapy where I received shots weekly to desensitized me to certain allergens, and it worked pretty well at reducing my asthma. He should try to see a good allergist and see what his options are. I'm a little agnostic as to whether you should rush into marriage for your Mom. You two know best, but maybe it would take some pressure off to have an engagement party with her in attendence. This would take the pressure off and let you focus on being with her and taking time to sort your lives. Just a thought.
Good lands, that would be horrible if she were still giving money to her abuser.
Read up on how to handle stalkers, because that's what you have on your hands. Rule #1 is Do Not Reply. Replying rewards her behavior. The other advice--block all modes of communication, advise friends and family to block her, talk to the police, etc. is good. You should also talk to your employer and tell them that a mentally unstable person may attempt to contact them.
OP, you are amazing!!! You saw an opportunity and took it. Please don't minimize what you have accomplished. Abuse victims typically miss multiple opportunities to leave their abusers, and for those who finally get away, they look back as are are now with great regret that they didn't leave sooner. Please don't blame yourself for anything that happened. Stay focused on getting on that plane, getting your body away from this hell, and in the months ahead, cleaning your mind of the lies and twisted thinking that he implanted in you. Please understand that human beings are hackable. Abusers know how to manipulate every natural and good human instinct to love, bond and care for others into their exclusive and depraved service. In other words, you would have to be a very unusual person indeed not to have been under this man's spell. When you get home, find the best therapist you can who specializes in helping abuse victims recover. Don't delay--the faster you heal, the easier it is. This is fantastic news and I know that everybody who reads this is doing a happy dance! You were in a horrifying situation, and you saved yourself with your intelligent instincts. Also, your mom deserves a party for stepping up and being awesome! Dearest OP, everything is going up from here. It won't always be easy, but you have a wonderful life ahead of you, even if you can't see it yet. Edit: I didn't mention anything he said, but every single phrase out of that man's mouth could have constituted its own post. This man is truly a demonic being. Bring these posts to your therapist so that he or she can see what you were up against.
Learning a language is a great idea, because that way you will have an excuse to travel someplace awesome once the dust has settled! Skating is great exercise. You might want to sport some knee pads, though, because dayum, ice is harder than I remembered!
Call AirBnB and tell them you feel unsafe. They have policies for exactly this situation.
For what it's worth, if you do use the rhythm method as detailed here, for God's sake stick with condoms Every Time. The rhythm method takes a lot of discipline and is about 80% - 87% effective. That means that over the course of a year, you have a 1 in 5 or 6 chance of becoming pregnant. Have you discussed with her what she would do if she were to get pregnant? Is she willing to get an abortion?
Get your own mini fridge and put a lock on it. FTFY
Whatever issues Brenna has, no one can do anything about them but her. It would be nice if your parents and Brian would call her put on her rudeness and hold her accountable, but it doesn't look like they will. IF she is pleasant online, you should probably try to limit your contact with her IRL. If you are at a family party and she acts rude and evil, avoid her and out her out of your mind. Her actions are her responsibility alone; they do not reflect on you. Keep being an awesome big sister to Vi. Soon she will be out of the house as well, and then the two of you can meet up without Brenna. On holidays, if Brenna mistreats you, you might have to start setting limits on the staying at your parents' house. You do not need to put up with physical, verbal, or emotional abuse from her or anyone. If your parents cannot stop enabling her and she never leaves home, you may have to limit yourself to seeing them outside of their house.
Maybe he could go to one of your counseling appointments so the doctor can help allay his concerns and emphasize the importance of treating your symptoms. Undertreatment is as bad as over treatment. And, it's absurd for him to oppose SSRIs. They're not addictive and thry dont give you a high. If he keeps resisting the idea of you complying with your doctor-driven treatment, you will need to be private about it because it is really none of his business. If he gets more aggressive about preventing your treatment, you will have to consider distancing yourself from him. Some SOs, sad to say, try to sabotage their partners treatment because they want them weak and dependent. Hopefully he's not like that, but you need to set some firm boundaries. He can handle his mental health, and you can handle yours.
You don't get on that we'll if she keeps bringin up the past. When you say "mistakes due to lack of commitment," do you mean cheating? Did you cheat and she can't move past it? Then move on, free her up, learn and do better with the next woman. Also, I'm confused...if she's your ex, have you broken up? If you have broken up, are you trying to get back together? How interested is she? Are you looking for advice on whether to get back together, how to do so, or how to accept the current reality?
Have them around; don't wait until you are both in the heat of an impulsive moment. You can get them for free at Planned Parenthood.
Back off for about a week. Try to distance yourself emotionally. Work on your own stuff. Make peace with being by yourself. Reach out to your friends. That's how you do a reset. If she reaches out, great. Take it slowly and let her set the pace. If she hasn't done anything to reach out to you in one week, call her up and ask to see her in person. Study her inflection and body language. How does she feel about seeing you, about being with you? Is she happy? Guarded? Evasive? Have a frank, no-pressure discussion about what she wants. Make sure to encourage a frank response. If the ex was disrespectful about your relationship with her, it is up to her to set limits with him. If she doesn't want to be with you, let her go and move on.
At any point in this whole horror show, your mother could have called the police on your sister, thrown her out of the house, insisted on her getting mental health treatment. I have seen this in real life several times. One child turns out crazy fucked up, criminal, violent, on drugs. Our society is insanely judgmental about parents. If a child turns into a fucked up human being, guarantee it's 100% the parents' fault, so the saying goes. Scientists have debunked the idea that parenting causes schitzophrenia, and bipolar, and the jury is out on personality disorders, but we don't live in a day and age in which there is any forgiveness for parents. So what happens? The parents let the crazy one share their roof over their head and deny, deny, deny. Otherwise, they would have to admit that they have a troubled child, which would be their fault, so the thinking goes. Your mother would rather be a martyr and tell people that you inexplicably cut her off. Then she would be a victim. At least you would be functional, and cutting her off would be on you. Meanwhile the truly violent, mentally ill person remains safely sequestered at home, because if your mother admits she has a severely ill child, much less one whom she permitted to abuse the other, that would prove that she was a terrible mother. Which she was, because she totally failed to protect you. As a mother I can guarantee that there is no way in fucking hell that she didn't see those things happening. I remember all the stupid shit I have done in living color. She is engineering a narrative where you are cruel and heartless, and she is a tragic victim. It was obvious from your first post that she was and is very much an enabler. Any misery she has suffered has certainly been hers to confront or not, and she chose not. Now, you get to choose. Do you want to cut contact with your sister? With your parents? If I were you, I would go to therapy alone to work your boundaries out. There is no need to confuse the issue further by letting your mother gaslight the therapist as well.
1.) Counseling, now. 2.) Ask him how he would feel if he heard that a friend of his wanted to wait to have a child so he could finish his education, but the woman was pushing the issue to the point of putting pins in his condoms. 3.) Ask yourself if he has shown any controlling tendencies before, if even in small ways.
Honestly, this post makes me feel kind of sorry for your sister. Your parents spin her as this horrible bitchy disrespectful person. I think you should question that narrative. It sounds like they manipulated your sister into accepting this arrangement. As far as disrespect, it sounds like it is they who disrespect your sister. Here she was, hoping that by being a good daughter and obeying their wishes they would acknowledge her sacrifice, and instead they bad mouth her to you. I feel sorry for you two being caught in the middle, but really I think you should look into some other alternative living situation. Ultimately, your parents gave birth to you, and it is up to them to take care of you. They have foisted this responsibility off as if you were inconvenient pets. I wonder if it's entirely true that you would give up your citizenship if you went to Korea. If you were born in the U.S., you are citizens, full stop. If you have permanent residency, then yes, you would have to spend more than 6 months out of every year in the U.S. Find out what the story is. In any event, are there any other aunts, uncles, or family friends who could take you in? Is there anyone trustworthy in your community, such as in your church, if your parents are affiliated? If your sister and Frank's marriage falls apart, you will have to clear out of her house in a hurry. It would be best to work on getting out of there now.
It is starting to sound as if your sister is jealous of your relationship with Frank. I'm sorry if people are being judgmental. We are making guesses based on other problems that show up here a lot. One of these, as has been mentioned, is the adult child of conservative Asian parents being relentlessly and cruelly judged by them. That is why so many people are sympathizing with your sister. However, the relationship between your parents and your sister is not something under your control at all. From what you describe here, it sounds like you are absolutely correct in your fear that you will not be able to stick out the summer and the following school year under that roof. If you are feeling gutsy, sit down with your sister and have a frank discussion with her. Tell her that you are very grateful that she was able to have you in her house for this time, but that she is obviously very unhappy and as such the situation has become very uncomfortable for you two and her. Ask her if she has any suggestions as to what she thinks you should do. If she doesn't have any ideas, ask her if she would prefer that you and your sister solve the issue with your parents. What you are doing here is giving her fair warning, because I suppose that when that phone call to your parents gets placed, there will be a big fight between your sister and your parents. You are being gracious--even though she may not deserve it--in giving her the chance to make a productive decision. Just because we sympathize with your sister doesn't mean she is really a good person. If at any time she throws you out on the street, destroys your property, or threatens or performs an act of physical violence, call CPS or the police.
Well, just to make it simple, if he is your ex, do you even have the choice to get back together? If you got back together, would you be able to stay faithful to him and be sexually satisfied by him, or without part of you always being on the lookout for someone else? Only be with him if you can answer yes to both questions.
When you leave the house, call the police, every single time. Many domestic violence shelters give out old cell phones. Any old cell phone that can be powered on xan still make emergency calls. If, after you have contacted some domestic violence shelters, your mother still refuses to leave, you need to protect yourself. Call your family out on California and see if someone can come to get you and your little brother out of this situation. Sadly, many domestic violence victims make excuse after excuse to stay with their abusers. They get brainwashed into thinking they deserve it.
I'm sorry you had to go through that. It looks like the girls are put of the house a lot as it is. I don't see this situation lastin much longer. At some point they are going to have to call the parents or CPS.
T's not an intellectual question. It's because it's shocking and unexpected, and people need guidance and support in a bad moment.
Have you ever lived with someone with a severe mental illness? From the sound of it, at this point she is a danger to her kids mental and physical well being. A delusional paranoid schitzophrenic should not be around tiny children.
If you sign it, insist that you had no sexual activity. Nobody else has mentioned it, so cover up all cameras in your laptop, phone, or tablet with black electrical tape. There can be programs that run the camera without your knowledge. There was a story in the news a few years back about a school that did that with laptops they had issued the students.
If it hasn't come up, maybe look into buproprion. It's not an SSRI and so avoids many of their side effects.
C'mon, a restaurant on that price range is nuts, even by the standards of L.A. where I live. Around these parts, that price range is often for a place that famous people go to have some privacy. They can afford the extra, but the price is largely to ward off run of the mill people. If it's not that kind of a restaurant, then it's one for super dedicated foodies. Maybe the friend group is into it because of being in the restaurant industry. In my entire life I have never been to a place with $90 appetizers, and I have been to some decent restaurants.
Do not JADE (Justify, Argue, Defend, Explain). "I can't go." "Why not?" "Because I can't." "&lt;a bunch of pressure&gt;" "Please don't pressure me. It's making me feel &lt;anxious/sad/annoyed/insert feeling here&gt;. I told you I can't go. I don't wish to discuss this any further. How was work today?" (Optional:) "I would love to hear all about it, though."
Having gone through your post history, this has been edited to add Item 0.) 0.) I see that this has been going on for awhile. Trust me, I completely get that you are not willing to let go of that cordial relationship with your in-laws. That's one of the big things that sucks about divorce is losing that part of the family. As someone who has also experienced an international divorce (for lack of a better term), dude, let them go. Maybe they will remain as neutral parties in this (mine did, more or less), but the money's on probably not. Even if they think your ex is in the wrong, their focus will be on helping her in some form or other, even if to admonish her. Their focus will probably not be on you any more. You may be pleasantly surprised, but that should not be your expectation. She is their family. That's how it works. They aren't necessarily your enemies but they are not your friends or family anymore. Let me phrase this more strongly: reaching out to them may be construed as parental alienation. The court may see this as an attempt to get the family on your side and against her in order to influence the custody battle. You might also might end up saying some little thing that gets back to your ex and bites your ass in court. I am not a lawyer, so there'a a good probability that I'm wrong on that last point, but in any event, stop communicating with them unless your lawyer says it's ok. Just stop. Ok, I get that you are lonely. You need friends and family by your side. Reach out to your own family and friends. Make new friends. Get yourself and the girls in counseling. 1.) I hope you have a lawyer. Get a lawyer. Yes, they're expensive. So is rent, but you pay that without question, right? If you are that worried about your kids, get a lawyer, full stop. I get the impression you have been avoiding this step. Lawyers mean everybody turns into an asshole, amirite? No, no, no, no. The legal system exists for a reason: to impose order on chaos. What you have right now, my friend, is chaos. You are crying about your misfortunes while failing to take any productive action. You are trying to communicate with your in-laws based on fears and misconceptions about what happens in divorces. Stop it. Get a lawyer. Listen to your lawyer. 2.) One thing at a time. File for divorce. I get the impression you have yet to do that. You have trouble letting go, do you? Washington State has a minimum 90 day waiting period from when you file to when you get the Decree of Dissolution. Go ahead and file already; you have 3 months to change your mind. See what happens in the hearing. A lot will depend on the judge, so if you get a good lawyer, they will look into the foibles of that individual judge. One thing that may help would be for you to request (and pay for) that the children be evaluated by a psychologist appointed by the judge. Also request that there be a restraining order forbidding either party from taking the girls outside of a specified area without express written permission from both parents. Such clauses may be standard in your state or county. If not, ask for one. As far as flight risk, if the girls don't have passports, they can't get one without both parents allowing being present at the time of application. If they do have passports, if you physically have possession of these passports, you are in the clear because your ex won't be allowed to ask for replacement passports unless you are present or give your written permission. If your ex has their passports, this is the only scenario in which you need to worry. In that case, get with your lawyer, file for divorce, and have your lawyer ask that the judge have your ex hand over their passports. I have no idea how to ask for that in Washington State, so remember Step 1? The one where I told you to get a lawyer? If you don't have a lawyer, get one!! No excuses!!! 3.) Once you get the court order, if there are any provisions of it that may displease your ex, have multiple copies of it available anywhere where the kids might be--your fridge, your car''s glove box, jacket pocket, their schools / day care, your parents' house, etc. 4.) Pay to get a certified translation of the court order. Do not go amateur hour on this. With a certified translation, the in-laws cannot claim misunderstanding as an excuse to violate it. You might even want to go send these orders to your in-laws via registered mail, return receipt. (Consult the lawyer about this). (Source on #4: I am preparing to become a certified court interpreter in my state.) If your in-laws are physically in Japan, don't bother. Your goal is that they don't leave the U.S. Once they have left the U.S., the situation has gone fubar. Does that sound scary? Ok, go back to Steps 1 &amp; 2. Edit: substantial edits to make the message stronger and more relevant.
&gt; My gf has made it clear that she wants to be married by 25 and that her window for having kids will be closed by 29. It sounds like your girlfriend knows what she wants and is being clear and open about it. Also, you know what you want. Now it's turning out that these things aren't entirely compatible. I doubt it would crush her, in that case. I suppose she would be sad, but she has already indicated that she would prefer know as soon as possible. You should take her at her word.
You might lose your job for doing this, or you might lose your job for turning him down. Either way, your position relative to his is powerless. You need to start looking for new work, stat. I would recommend that you become an nursing aide, because this would be in an area mire in line with your goals anyway. Just by keeping your eyes open, you can be better prepared to step up to nursing. Look into getting your LPN, getting some work experience under your belt, and then getting your RN. When this situation implodes, make your next step a good one. Meanwhile, if your mom's income is low, you should be applying for scholarships. Working as a housekeeper is never going to move you forward anyway. Once you're out of there, if this guy wants to keep seeing you and is respectful, ok, cool. Right now, you're the one headed for a cliff.
Are you saying he should cheat on his girlfriend? Because in my world, he either stays with her, or he breaks up with her and runs around with all these women. Both options are a gamble. If he stays loyal, he misses all that tail. If he has a bunch of sex, he exposes himself to unknown randos, and also runs the risk of trading one sincere, faithful person for a bunch of shallow novelty.
Man, I feel sorry for your girlfriend. She stuck with you loyally supporting all these years, and now you want to repay her by dumping her so you can fuck a bunch of superficial people who are basically out for your money. Ok, so let's say you dump her and have a bunch of sex with random women. Suppose that after a while, the thrill diminishes, and you're ready to settle down. Who to pick? Well here's a howdy do. Out of all those women who obsess over their figures so they can get themselves the good life with a white coat--which one of them is a giving person who appreciates you for who you are and is willing to work with you as a partner in your relationship, instead of just suckling up to you because they expect a fancy house, diamond tennis bracelet, country club membership, and Mercedes? Which one is somebody you can come home to and have an intelligent conversation with after a rough day at the hospital? What if she were the one you have been doing that very thing with for the last 4 1/2 years, the one you're about to toss aside for a bunch of people whose deepest thoughts are limited to diets, makeup, and me me me?
Unfortunately, kids at that age are prone to having a lack of empathy. Everything seems like a humorous cartoon. You have gone through a lot of tough times that many people don't even see until middle age. These overprotective little boys have no idea. The other problem is that kids that age are very prone to doing whatever the group is doing. They end up doing monstrously stupid things that they wouldn't have done on their own. Talk to your friend. Let him know how much his teasing hurt. Ask him to stick up for you next time. His reaction will tell you whether or not you can still count him as friend.
Wow, this post made me rage so hard. Forcing children to eat when they don't want to is borderline abusive. Never wanting the kids to suffer any bad feeling for an instant, forcing the 2-year-old to do a "project..." I wouldn't have lasted a half day with these control freak lunatics. They are going to be writing in here in about 13 years. Sorry, no advice here, just sympathy. You need to get out of this loony bin with a quickness.
Not only is it abusive, it pits the siblings against each other.
&gt; it helped him with having bad thoughts. &gt; "I'm just trying to work through some bad thoughts and emotions" His bad thoughts are his responsibility, not yours. Indulging in his request does not help him work through a damn thing, quite the opposite. He can work on his issues with a therapist, not by manipulating you. If he refuses to get himself treatment, you need to let him work through his issues by experiencing the natural consequences of his controlling behavior.
A recent study showed that parental anxiety is a leading cause of picky eating. Tiny children are not too stupid to know if they want to eat, and forcing them is a great way to make them not want to eat anything.
I would say your real problem throughout the whole thing is being passive and letting others push you around. Also, your girlfriend/ex/girlfriend seems to be manipulative. Maybe the two go hand in hand. She wants to break up with you for wanting to leave the marriage discussion. You don't bother to tell her that it's because your dad is in the hospital--or did she fail to hear you? Either way, very manipulative of her. You let your friends talk you into partying and getting laid. You let your girlfriend/ex/girlfriend talk you into getting back together, and now she's trying to get you to cut your friends out. Don't cut your friends out. Don't get back together with someone just because you've been with them since you were a young teenager when you know that the two of you have different goals regarding marriage and children. Let her go and be on your own for a while. Don't let her manipulate you into a relationship you have both outgrown. Don't ever again put up with being manipulated into a relationship.
I guess I have a different point of view on this. I hear a lot of desperation and emotional imbalance from you. I get the impression that your state right now is unstable. I think you may be focusing on the wrong thing. The most important thing right now, the only thing of importance, is fighting your drug addiction. What kinds if drugs are you doing? How regularly? You need to give us that information. Of course you are emotional about your birth mother, and you have a right to be. You love your grandparents, as well you should. If you weren't having problems with drugs that were about to get you thrown out of your house, I'd say, sure, go to the funeral. Funerals are weird. They are a big deal, and they aren't at the same time. Ultimately, funerals are to help the living cope with a loss. We get together, mourn together, face the reality and finality of death. It's a psychological thing. Now I want you to be truly honest with yourself, first and foremost. Will this funeral help you get clean, or will it be a distraction? Because if honestly, it won't help, then you should skip it. Say some prayers for your birth mom if that's a thing, and deal with your current life emergency. What do you need to have happen in order to get clean? A therapist who specializes in addiction? Rehab? Get yourself registered at a methadone clinic? Do you need to consult with someone just to answer this question? Then do that, first. If you get thrown out of your house and you can't support yourself, the obstacles to going straight will only be greater. So stop focusing on irrelevancies. Clean yourself up. Nothing else matters.
Don't talk to him directly. Send him a text telling you that you are broken up, that you have never given any consent for him to ever have recorded you and if he has any recordings of you, he is to destroy all of them immediately, and never to contact you again. Then block his number, or better yet, change your number. Delete him off all social media. Check the voicemail of your old number from time to time to see if there are any threats, and if so, report them to campus and regular police. This person is very dangerous. He sees you as an object, not a person. Protect yourself accordingly. Check you
Take him out to dinner tonight, and at dinner, plan something big for the weekend.
It is completely appropriate to do what is necessary to keep an out-of-control person away. Somebody who is trashing objects has a high risk of becoming violent against people. You can do your best to persuade your mother to get herself to safety, but there is a low probability that you will succeed. You should look after yourself and your sister and beg your mother to join you. Do not think that you have the power to control someone who is capable of physical violence. If you stick around, nobody will have any incentive to change for the better. Things will just get worse and worse.
Honey, the family is broken.
There's no fluke. People don't just randomly get violent and then suddenly go back to normal. If it is truly a medical issue, then he needs to agree to go the the doctor for.a full workup. You should ask your mother closely if there has ever been anything remotely like this before. She may try to deny and blame herself, but remember, everyone is in control of their own actions. If an Internet troll wrote to you and said that you were ugly and they hated you, sure, you might be mad and upset. But would sob for hours? Would you go on a drinking binge and smash up your car? Would you slit your wrists? Or would you turn off the computer, tell your friend, go for a brisk walk, or pet a puppy? Do you see what I'm saying? Your father needs to take responsibility for his actions. If he was that mad at your mother, what would have been a mentally healthier reaction? How about leaving the house, taking a brisk walk, calling a friend, calling a lawyer, or making an appointment with a marriage counselor? Unless your father acknowledges how inappropriate and excessive his reaction was, and then takes steps to deal with his frustration, I'm afraid this is a not a fluke.
&gt; A year ago I emailed him because he was treating my brother terribly. Nobody else has addressed this, so I will. How old is your brother? Being stuck with a paranoid schizophrenic can't be a walk in the park. Is he your full brother or half brother? Any way he can come live with you? If he is underage and being abused, can you call CPS?
Probably--cooling down never hurt. Stay in text contact with your sister and mother.
Lest we forget, 3 small children, the oldest 5. That is straight up dangerous.
It is a safety issue. Your children are all tiny. I've had old beater cars that I've tried to make last, and there comes a point when you are playing with your safety and even spending more money than you would with a car payment. One time, my car's battery cable somehow came unhooked while I was in the middle of rush hour traffic. No warning, the car just stopped dead in a lane on the highway. I couldn't even turn on my blinkers. Cars were rushing around me like I was a rock in a river. I could have been killed. In one old car of my friend's, the engine caught fire. The inside filled with choking smoke from burning plastic and hoses. Of course we all got out because we were able bodied young adults. Can you imagine trying to do same, fumbling with the buckles on car seats of a kindergartner, toddler, and baby? Then there are all the times, less colorful to tell, where I was simply stranded on the side of the road. As you know, sleepy/drunk/texting people hit cars on the side of the road regularly. Your husband is out of his fucking mind if he is making six figures, you are paying, and he still thinks his family deserves to take on a risk like that. He either has a mental pathology involving money, he is controlling, or he literally doesn't give a shit about your life and the lives of his children. If I were in your place, I would insist on marriage counseling. Is he aware that, were you to get divorced, you would be entitled to half of all assets acquired during marriage? That divorce lawyers and child support is expensive? That it would, in fact, be an extremely wise decision financially to invest in the wellbeing and happiness of his family?
That seems to me to indicate that he fully intends to keep cheating, and he wants you to be on board with it. Some people are like that. It's hard to believe when such a person is a lover or a friend, but some people do not operate in the same moral universe as you and I. They give zero fucks about other people's rights. You might want to visit a website called Chump Lady.
Why would you feel responsible for Allison's actions? Think about that for a minute. Assuming your account is true, in what way did you cause Allison to block you, say a bunch of rumors, and turn Kyle against Kevin? If your answer is that you honestly have no idea, then look at it this way. If you went and kicked rock, did the rock cause itself to be kicked? Should it feel responsible for the kicking that occurred? Maybe Allison is mentally ill. Maybe she is jealous. Maybe it entertains her to cause drama. Maybe she likes powet plays involving people she perceives as weak, and she sees you as weak because you are younger. Maybe Kyle is with her because is it exciting to be with dramatic people. Who knows. The point is, painful as this all is, the other adults involved have to figure it out. Your job is to steer clear of people who mistreat you.
&gt; I love all animals and creatures, even spiders, and idk I don't think it's too weird to want to preserve their lives.... I'm always rescuing spiders and putting them back outside You're my kind of people. To help you get over the illusion of a boyfriend that you had, why not join a meetup for pet lovers in your area? You can go on Meetup. I've found that exotic pet communities are especially welcoming. Even if your living situation doesn't allow for pets, I'm guessing you could sneak a hermit crab in without anyone noticing. Bearded dragons have a ton of personality, to the extent that they're like the dogs of the reptile world. I own a pair of tortoises and six tarantulas. If you live in Southern California, the group S.C.A.B.I.E.S. has some great people. If you have Instagram, look up hashtags related to various pets, even snails! The more exotic the pet, the easier it is to make friends in the community.
I just want to say that you are doing something wonderful, both for her and for yourself. She will probably be quiet and docile at first as she gets her bearings. It may take awhile for problems to emerge. If you have any female friends whom you can trust, they can make friends with her as honorary aunties. It would be nice for her to have some guidance from older women as she enters puberty and struggles with boys, menstruation, getting breasts, makeup, and other awkward topics. Make sure to enroll her in language classes in English and Cantonese. Also, if there are any sports or arts activities that she enjoys, get her involved in those. Get some household help, but also make time to hang out with her every single day, even if only for a little while. Make regularly scheduled activities with her at least once a week. While you're with her, try not to do any other thing. Stay off your phone. You can get some more help over at /r/parenting. Good luck! It will be hard sometimes and fun sometimes. Always remember that raising a child is an investment in your own happy future. If you play it right, a few years down the line, you will have a wonderful person in your life who knows you well and who has your back.
If there were no financial history between the two of you, and considering nothing more than the.current state of your relationship, is this a relationship you would want to be in? Do you want to have a future with this person, as things currently stand? If the answer is no, then you need to start unentangling your lives as quickly as possible. You need to see a banking &amp; finance lawyer. A lawyer who handles probate and estates would also do in a pinch. Your objectives: 1.) Work put if there is any earthly way of recouping some of that $80,000. 2.) Is his name on the house you are building? Get it off. 3.) Is your name on the truck? Upon breaking up with him, how much of that money could you recoup? Good luck. I am so sorry this is happening to you. Nobody deserves this. &lt;&lt;Internet hug&gt;&gt;
I had a mindfucker of a con artist that supposedly was starting a business with me pull this shit several times. Please go in, talk to the bank, make an arrangement, and whatever you do, even if you have to pay some of his shit back, do so. Whatever you do **do not ignore this debt**. If the bank decides that it can't collect on an overdraft within its time frame, it puts you in a system called Chexsystems, and for a decade or so, you will not be able to have a bank account. It is much worse than having a bad credit score, and you cannot do a thing to contest it. (Fortunately I avoided this fate, but I had to cover a shit load of bounced check fees). Remember: his words are 100% meaningless. You and he are in financial conflict. Talk to the bank, and see if there is some way you have a case to take him to court. I hope that /u/Shartalart is correct, but don't count on it. The people at the bank will be cordial, but they have federal, state, and their own regulations to follow. Ultimately, they have one priority: getting their money.
Oh, my, no. She is your daughter. She may be pretty incompetent as a human being, but babies are quite perceptive. Half of her is from you. You need to start your relationship with her *now*.
Dude, please, for the live of God, see her pediatrician or even a child psychologist. Please. You really need to question some of your assumptions.
What do you do when your son plays at the playground? Do you hover over him at every second so that he never falls and gets a bump, or do you let him do his thing as long as he isn't bullying, being bullied, or doing anything anything insane? For the record, the second approach is the best if you actually want your child to grow into a functional human being. The goal is not to protect him from any possible pain in life whatsoever. The goal is that he has a range of experiences, including some pain, so that he learns how to cope with difficulties and develops resilience. In the playground, you don't freak out if he gets a minor bump or bruise. You give him some hugs and kisses, tell him he will be ok, and send him on his way. Likewise, with his sister, it is fine for him to have a little bit of sadness and jealousy. You and your wife are there to give him hugs and kisses at those moments when it is too much. The rest of the time, he can learn to cope with feeling a little down by inventing a game, making something with his blocks, or even making friends with the cute little creature who lives in his home now.
Oh! In that case, great idea!
Sounds perfect! So by extension, just as you give him some supervised space on the playground, give him some space to interact with your daughter and let them start working out their own relationship.
It sounds like Tim is at least verbally abusive and is probably abusing your girlfriend's mother. If she were writing in, I would advise her to insist on seeing her mother apart from Tim. You may want to suggest this. There is no reason for either of you to be subjected to this person. She also needs to have a talk with her father. As a 22-year-old, spending time with any particular person is not obligatory. She needs to explain to her father that she will not be manipulated by anyone into spending time with shitty people, and that the next time his ex wife calls him crying because nobody likes her evil boyfriend, he should hang up.
People are throwing speculations around here, but it's clear to all of us that there's *something* going on. That something could have started in childhood, triggered the abusive parenting, which caused other issues. So you have two or more mental health problems at the same time. You need to get aggressive and seek an accurate diagnosis. You cannot give up before you start and say, "oh, it's too expensive." If you had cancer, would you just give up and let yourself rot, or would you muster every resource you could that lump removed and get it biopsied? So, step 1 is a full mental health workup. Start with the counseling office at your school. Tell them everything. Do not let them put you off. Tell them you are in crisis. Ask for a referral if they can't help you within the week. Call every social service agency you can find. If all else fails, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-8255.
1.) Get the locks to your place changed. If he wants to see you before this is done, make excuses to put him off. 2.) Box up his stuff. 3.) Send a text or email to break up. Tell him when and where he can get the box. I suggest that you either leave it outside for a 3 hour window where you won't be home, drop it off at his place when you know he won't be home, or leave with with some neutral person. 4.) Get a box and have the police escort you while you go to his place to pick up your stuff. He thinks he is not violent and that you are exaggerating, oversensitive, or lying. He is wrong; if anything, you are minimizing the situation to yourself because you don't want to see yourself as a victim of domestic violence. (For the record, you're not a victim, because you're getting out). He thinks you are dishonorable for not breaking up in person (you aren't; you don't owe him shit). He will accuse you of having an affair, will lie about that to his family, all of his friends, especially your mutual friends, and his future girlfriends (the calling card of the abusive asshole; nothing is never his fault! It must be that you're a ho and a slut!). He will try to contact you in any way possible. His messages will alternate between being sweet and repentant and lying about starting therapy, to super evil and abusive. The evil abusive messages are the ones you should believe as his true self. Take any ones with threats to the police right away. Edit to add: being dumped is a bummer. It happens. He needs to deal. The manner in which you dump him is ultimately irrelevant. You know what sucks even worse than being dumped? Being in a relationship with an abuser. That one's on him. Stop worrying about his feelings. It's up to him whether or not to face his problems.
Well Cindy is young enough that she still sees her mother as this towering figure of authority. However, she can certainly set limits without cutting her mother off. For one thing, she can keep in contact with her mother with phone calls and social media. She can even send the occasional card or letter. When she visits, she can refrain from staying at her mother's--since that ended up happening anyway, best to plan for it. She can see her mother one-on-one for meals, movies, shopping, and other activities that they would both enjoy. I had a pretty good mother but she was had her moments and could be VERY insistent. However, it was still quite possible for me to set limits about difficult behavior, and our relationship became closer, more honest, and more authentic as a result. So, yes, Cindy can most definitely set limits, and those limits can include very low or no contact with Tim. She can put it very diplomatically. "Tim and I don't get along so well," "I came to see you," things like that. Now you can try your best to convince her of these things, but that doesn't mean she will believe you. In that case, your job is to love her and let her make her own journey. However, you yourself certainly have a right to set your own limits. You can insist on not staying at the house when Tim is there. You can leave any occasion when Tim is present when his behavior reaches the point where you're don't want to be there. For instance, if you are eating out with Cindy, Tim, and her mom, and Tim starts to berate someone or make a scene, you can excuse yourself and sit at the bar or go to a nearby bar or store, or even sit in the car browsing Reddit. You are never obligated to spend time with someone who mistreats you.
As long as this doesn't screw up her departure, which of course is priority number one, offer to take the bird off her hands. Then if you don't feel ready to take care of the bird, please rehome the poor thing. An ad on Craigslist should do the trick. Edit: rehome, not rehire.
She works in the same building, and it sounds like you are on communication, right? Take her out for lunch or drinks. Honestly you should just call it a day today, tomorrow, or Friday. Then take the girl out.
You and your wife sound like really lovely people. I would say you both have hearts of gold. Unfortunately, this has gotten you into a situation where you are both running a social services agency for a dependent, childish person. You need to stop thinking about her needs and start thinking about your own. The harder you try to solve her problems for her, the more she will push back. Look up the housing laws in your area. Work put if you need to give her 30 or 60 days notice to move out. Write a very simple letter stating that she has that many days to move out and give it to her. Tell her that this arrangement is simply not working out for you anymore, and ask her how soon she can leave. If she mentions a time frame longer than the one in the letter, give it to her and tell her that she has to move out by x date. Prepare for tears, drama, guilt trips, the whole shebang. All the good ol' /r/relationships cliches apply here, especially: -- Do not JADE (Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain) -- Don't set yourselves on fire to keep her warm -- Not your monkeys, not your circus. For the next 30 days, your job is to refuse to get involved in her personal drama and pity plays, decline to solve her problems for her, stick to your word about the move out date, refuse her attempts to gouge money out of you, and refuse to engage her in a debate about this. Physically leave her presence if necessary. It will be a rough ride. Key helpful phrases include: If she tries to confront, bargain, or engage you in an argument: "This decision is final and not up for discussion." When she announces a big dramatic plan that is obviously a terrible idea like "I'm just going to live under a bridge!" or "I'm going to go back with &lt;abusive ex&gt;!": "That is your decision" or "Up to you." Ultimately, she is making a series of bad decisions, and you can do nothing to persuade her to do things like work to make herself valued instead of dreaded and resented, discipline her son better, solve her own transportation problems, get an education, or in any other way better the lives of herself and those around her.
Honey, she's just going to avoid that too, or pretend like she agrees and then not do it anyway. It is completely obvious what her attitude is. You trying harder isn't going to fix this. Your priority number one is your own family, including the little one who is about to arrive. For the wellbeing of everyone, you need to get her the hell out from under your roof before your relationship starts to erode, your stress levels hurt you children (which is already happening, her ex shows up and moves himself in, or it's a year from now, a thousand more promises have been broken, and you are losing your mind. This will not get better. If it were going to get better, it would have already. You doing more extra things is not going to make her start acting differently. You need to stop explaining and clarifying. **The girl doesn't give a shit**. She's going to keep freeloading up until the last instant she possibly can.
I wonder if he doesn't have a fetish about your discomfort. Either that, or he is really inconsiderate and thinks he is doing you a favor by being in a relationship with you. Are you basically tolerating sex as the price of admission for having a relationship? If so, why not ditch this alcoholic boundary violating jackass and go out with an asexual person?
Holy Jesus this is inconceivable. I am shaking with rage that she would be so inconsiderate. Her self centeredness makes my mind explode. Break it off and process your loss. You owe nobody anything. P.S. Your guilt and pity are misplaced emotions about your son. She is really abusing you in this traumatic time. Leave and block her.
You are quite slender, so I don't even want to know what you looked like before you supposedly gained all that weight, but it couldn't have been good. &gt; for a good while I probably had maybe 5-600 calories a day because I was scared to eat in front of him You do realize that completely screws up your metabolism, right? This abusive person is extremely toxic to your mental and physical health. You need to dump him with all haste. You only get one life. Dedicating yourself to your anorexia has got to be right up there with having an addiction as far as throwing your life and gifts away. No one ever wrote their weight and measurements on their tombstone. What do you want to do with your life? Travel? Climb mountains? Save the baby whale sharks? Cure cancer? Cook beautiful meals for site cooks like myself? Play music? Write code to solve problems? Raise a family? Paint? Breed exotic tarantulas? I mean, surely there's something more interesting you can do with your life besides diet in order to please this cruel, flabby jackass, right? DTMFA. Please do not delay. Every minute you spend with him damages you further. Edit: Please get yourself into therapy. I can guarantee that the damage he has done will linger.
I'm not South Asian, but I'm guessing that constraints on women are much heavier than on men. You probably would have had an impossible time being an atheist stoner had you been born female.
Don't get me wrong...your attitude is beautiful. It's a pity that there aren't more people in the world with your attitude. Actually, it's because of people like her that there aren't more people like you.
If for you, her having an active Tinder account and making fall back plans is a dealbreaker, then you have a right to set whatever dealbreakers you want. For the record, these would be dealbreakers for me. The other dealbreaker, for me, is that she is willing to jeopardize your living situation and has no gratitude about you helping her out at your own expense. Once you get evicted, it is pure hell to ever get another place. Jobs and living situations: nobody gets to fuck with those.
It sounds like you have a completely clear-headed view of the situation. The next time your mother pressures you to see him, tell her that it was very heartless of her to abandon you, the functional child, and allow you to be exposed to dangerous drug dealers and addicts while you were a child. Tell her that you refuse to discuss this matter further and your mind is made up. If she threatens to cut you off, let her. That will be her choice, so let her remove her toxic presence from your life. If she keeps justifying herself and pressuring you, leave her presence or hang up the phone without further explanation. Repeat this every time she brings up the subject of your brother. If she manages to drop the subject around you, you can consider having a relationship with her. If she can't respect this boundary, or if she does let the brother live with her and tries to force you to be in contact, you will need to go no contact with her.
Whatever your issues are, it's a 100% guarantee that nothing will improve unless both parties are willing to work on it. He says he doesn't feel the same about you, that he doesn't think that will change, and he refuses counseling. For your sake, you need to accept that this is his final answer. Even if you disagree and think that something could be done to save this marriage, that is a completely moot point as long as he is unwilling to do his part to repair the relationship. For your sake, I think you should start taking immediate action. See a lawyer, look into getting a new living situation, and get papers filed.
How is this even a question? He threatened you in your own home! Step 1 is you go to the police with the threats. They may or may not be helpful, but they may be able to get you a protective order, which would force him out of the home immediately. Hopefully they will at least make a report (you have every right to insist on this) so that a paper trail is started, and hopefully they will give you advice on getting him out of there as quickly as possible. Step 2 is to go to your husband and tell him what happened. You and he need to drop the kids off somewhere, go to Paul, and ask him to leave immediately. If he does, great! Problem solved. If Paul makes threats to you and your husband together, call the police immediately. Do not screw around, aginize, feel sorry for yourself, or start a fight. 911, no discussion. This is where, hopefully, that initial report of yours works its magic and gets him the hell out. Step 3. In case Paul neither leaves immediately nor gets belligerent, you and your husband have prepared a paper telling him that he has 30 days to vacate. Step 4. If at any time thereafter he gets belligerent, makes another threat (cowards like Paul may only make threats to you), or Paul is not on board with evicting him, take the kids and go somewhere safe until he is gone.
Great day, why would a alcoholic coke addict who verbally abuses you and terrifies you need any support? In other news, these abusive outbursts aren't "episodes." The term episode implies that his behavior is some anomaly that is perhaps medical and out of his control. He has control over what he does. He could also overcome his addictions if he wanted to. *He doesn't want to*.
Fair enough. Well, I certainly hope for your sake that she's still down to work on the marriage. If not, that will be sad and hard, but at least you will know. If she says, "I don't know..." that's basically no.
It looks like she is great as long as it's a situation she has complete control over and 100% of your focus is on her, but as soon as you are out of that context, she can't handle it. It is telling that the day she was sick/persuaded you to spend the day with her in the hotel, she was completely content. It seems like there is a good chance that if you stay with her, your life may become as constricted as staying in a hotel room in Vegas. ~~If you want to give the relationship a fair shot, plan another small outing with her in an open, public environment. Without trying to provoke her, interact normally with everybody. Observe her behavior. If at any time you see a resurgence in the accusing and controlling behavior, cut the excursion short, go home, and end it~~. Edit: forget it, that was pointless advice. Based on your reply below, my first theory has been borne out. Might as well put the relationship out of its misery. You do not deserve to be punished for somebody else's behavior. What your sister said is definitely worth reflecting upon. Are you too picky? Is there a common thread among your past girlfriends? How do you choose your girlfriends? Do you place too much importance on girls who put tons of effort into their looks? (A moderate amount of effort is a good sign, but a woman who puts in an extraordinary amount of effort may be needy on some level.) Are you unconsciously choosing immature people? Do you jump into relationships too quickly? What do you think is going on there?
Then all of you need to reinforce this with every phone call: "Wow, mom, it's so sad to hear that. None of us are in a position to take you in now or in the future. What else can we do to help?" Everybody needs to keep repeating that phrase about not taking her in like a mantra. As much as I think interventions are awful, maybe this is a case where you really need to stage one. Edit to add: is there any chance that she could give one or more of you power of attorney?,
Honey, this is not going to happen. He doesn't want to move out. He's happy the way things are. This relationship is not as important to him as his comfort. The longer you stay with him, the more he will hold you back.
Maybe your biggest problem is your age--the girls you've had to choose from have been relatively immature. Hopefully this will iron itself out. Maybe as you start dating around again, you should scrutinize each person carefully for signs that they are independent, confident, and are givers, nit just takers.
Solid advice, although OP should keep in mind that sometimes douchy, hostile people take your niceness to mean that you are a pushover and they get treat you even worse. Source: a lifetime of trying to treat everybody nicely, and finding that some people are simply best avoided.
People are self conscious and jealous, and get defensive because you are into fitness while slender, because that's easier than laying off junk food, taking a brisk walk, or making peace with their bodies. "I never make comments about other people's bodies, so I would appreciate you not making comments about mine." Repeat as necessary.
I remember reading an advice column in which a cancer patient who had 6 months to live wrote in complaining that people kept complementing her on her weight loss. She would tell them it was because she was about to die of cancer, and they would keep on about how great her figure was.
With this much resentment, your relationship is done. The presence of this girl has awoken you, and perhaps him as well, to an unpleasant reality. I recommend you have a nice, clear talk with him once she has gone.
Sorry for missing the essential detail. You're doing a great job of handling this. You do have a right to set limits on contact with another guy who openly expressed romantic interest. The next time she mentions him, ask if she is interested in him, or concerned for his wellbeing. If the latter, ask her if she has contacted his parents or emergency services, and make sure she does, or do so yourself. I think it is better that you didn't have that talk with him. It wouldn't have done any good anyway. It is up to her to manage her contact with him.
Their home page has plenty of information. As for condoms, get some now so that the next time you have an impulsive moment, you are ready to protect yourself. Also, make sure you know how to put them on properly. Practice, even.
Block him. Given his past behavior, you had zero reason to be in contact ever, and you have even less reason now.
He, his parents/guardians, and his therapist are the ones responsible for his mental health and preserving his life, not you nor your girlfriend. Since she has his phone number, she can call the police and give it to them. Even if it is a cell, I think they have a way to locate him. My stepdaughter had a school mate who was sending her messages hinting at suicide. After a tense weeked waiting for school to reopen so we could report it to the authorities, they told us we could have called it into the police and they could have found her using her cell phone number. She is doing neither herself, you, nor him any favors by remaining his "friend." She is not a trained therapist. He wants something he can't have. This is not a thing that drives mentally healthy people to suicide. If he is truly suicidal, her permitting him to pester her is not what will keep him alive, nor bring him back to mental health. The right combination of therapy and medications will accomplish that. You can have her read the article on Captain Awkward called, "#846: A romantic partner is not a pacifier, part II." (Google that exact phrase). See also, “I want to break up, but partner is in the middle of painful life stuff and it doesn’t feel like the right time. What do I do?” The tl;Dr of these, which involve adults who lack the safety net this boy actually has, is that it is not up to her--even if she were his romantic partner, which she isn't, except in his mind--she is not responsible for saving his life (beyond calling 911) nor treating his mental illness.
&gt; I found him too overbearing and controlling at times and he was always paranoid that I would leave him or stop seeing him He's still being overbearing and controlling because that's who he is. Stop responding. Block, report, carry on..
It doesn't matter if he's reasonable or not. You seem to be frustrated that he's not a reasonable person. Honey, the world is full of assholes. Expecting everybody to be reasonable and nice is quite unrealistic. Nothing about this person or his personality matters. You are not in control of anything about him. You are only in control of your responses, and setting your limits. What does he want? To get back with you, to control you, to get a response out of you. We already know that. If you don't want to have contact with him, then don't. It is very simple. Stop thinking about him. Stop analyzing him. Block him as often as it takes and whatever you do, **stop responding**.
&gt; I'd be more than happy to sit down and speak with him about this whole situation. Don't. Nothing good would come of this.
Sorry, didn't mean to be snarky, just lightly humorous. I genuinely like microbrews, premium frozen treats, and musical catharsis. I know it hurts, so I guess it wasnt that funny. I'm sorry. But seriously, all that cliche hit the gym type advice applies. I personally like to recommend getting a pet but obviously not everybody can. And if this is really tearing you up, there is no shame in getting therapy. Sometimes a breakup can trigger our issues.
It's only natural to have a morbid curiosity about what happened to That Guy?!?....just that nothing good would come from poking that particular bear. I recommend a good gossip sesh with your bestest, oldest girlfriend, over alcohol if that's your thing. Then go with her somewhere where you can interact with handsome men (safely, of course!). Round the night off with a stiff round of junk food. The next day, go to a dog park and tell everyone you're thinking of adopting. Pat all the sweetest puppies and muck up your clothes with muddy pawprints. That is my Rx.
Yeah, it's that pesky word "deserve" that signals what their attitude is going into this.
Ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew. So very much ew. :( No advice beyond STD testing, sorry. The ew portion of my brain has overtaken all other cognitive functions.
Your husband my be a partnered attorney, but he is not a supervillain. And you know what they say about attorneys who represent themselves: they have a fool for a client. I mean, couldn't he get disbarred for breaking and entering? Don't judges take a dim view of parental alienation? They sure do in my state.
She can't talk any smack about the father. Even if he's engaging in that, it is either illegal or highly discouraged in most states. She might want to look into some of the excellent books out there about surviving high-conflict divorces. /u/secondmarriag, go on amazon and search for high conflict divorce. The amount of literature on this topic has exploded.
This is the correct answer. Your lawyer deals with him or his lawyer.
Sadly, I'm seeing the abuse scenario in her future, and her putting up and shutting up because she's backed herself into a corner and convinced herself that her whole father's side is her enemy.
Your husband needs to cut these conversations short when they call. I'm guessing they either call a lot, or he feels compelled to stay on the line with them and let them harangue and browbeat him. If you wanted a blunt partial solution to this, you could open a new account and transfer the money to it while the two of you sort out your money issues. It is your money, too. My more civilized suggestion is that you need couples counseling, stat, to build mutual understandings about money and how HE should handle his parents. They will suck you dry and destroy your marriage if you let them, tale that from someone who's been there.
Your situation is very akin to that of an abused wife. The degree to which your dad has dominated your life is horrifying and tragic. Please don't ever blame yourself or call yourself stupid. Adults get into awful situations, as bad as yours if not worse. You were groomed to be under your father's complete control since you were a tiny child. Strp 1. I would like you to start researching spousal/partner abuse, how abusers manipulate their victims, and how to free yourself. Your father is currently functioning like an abusive partner. So, educate yourself. Remember, in all these resources, when they refer to spouse, husband, SO, or partner, in your case, that's your dad. -- Go to love is respect . org. (Not allowed to post links in this sub; you get what I mean, right? -- Go to the Hotline . org. -- Find and download the free e-book, "Why Does He Do That?" by Lundy Bancroft. -- Go to /r/raisedbynarcissists. It is actually a great sub for anybody whose FOO (family if origin) is abusive or controlling. You will learn tons there. For instance, your sister is what they call a Flying Monkey. -- Does your therapist understand about family violence? He or she seems a little milquetoast. I may be wrong but jeez, the absolute first thing s/he should have suggested is that you start a new bank account and transfer all of your money into it, stat. Like, today. So, you may want to consider going to a new therapist. You don't even have to give up your current one. You could go talk to someone at a women's shelter, or call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-7233. Step 2. Start a new bank account under just your own name and transfer all of your money into it, stat. Like, today. Step 3. Develop a plan of action to cut off your father, mother (haven't heard a word about her, so I'm guessing she's either absent or completely domineered by your father. Sorry if I misjudge her), sister, and anyone else who is in touch with your dad. One of the first steps should be to get a new phone with a new number under your very own plan. The number should be hidden so people can't ID who you are when you call. Only give the number to your boyfriens, and any professionals whom you can completely trust not to give your number out. Have any computers or tablets checked for spyware, keyloggers, etc. Then, change all passwoeds. I'm guessing that once you're safely out of the condo--he can't legally evict you in less than a month--you can start working on getting your share of it. Since it's on both of your names, perhaps you could claim half the value. Hire a lawyer and let that person cope with that job. Step 4. After you finish doing whatever else is necessary to untangle your life from your father's grasp, please go completely No Contact with him, your mother, your sister, and any other flying monkeys. And please come back here and update!!!
One feature of narcissistic families is that there may be a Golden Child, the perfect person who is showered with love, support, praise, and resources.The dark side of being a Golden Child is that they grow up in the shadow of the parent, who lives vicariously through the Golden Child, so that the Golden Child is not allowed their own identity. There may also be a Scapegoat, the child who is blamed, criticized, pathologized, and punished for any pretext, or no pretext at all. The silver lining to being the Scapegoat is that they often grow up independent and are the first to realize the sickness of their family situation and escape it. By categorizing their children as Golden or Scapehoat, parents ensure that the children are enemies. Thus the parents maintain their power as the gatekeepers for their childrens' relationships with one another. Divide and conquer.
New cause of death: killed by not being allowed to abuse.
That's a beautiful idea. &lt;3
Are you too tired to drive home? I would just drive home. I would let your friend know by email that while you were baffled and hurt by their treatment, you are even more worried about her wellbeing with a man who is willing to treat a guest in such a way. Tell her that you won't be able to visit as long as he is in the house, but you are still her friend and she is welcome to contact you anytime. Sign off pointing her to a website called Love is Respect. Stay in contact with your friend
She's not trapped with him. She chose to marry him, she chooses to remain so, and she chooses to make excuses for his abuse. Everything I said about going No Contact with Austin applies to her as well.
I would also mention that you have cut him out of your life completely (because that's what you are doing, right?)
Is there anyone you can stay with?
Your BMI is 17.2 which puts you squarely in the underweight category. At your height, you could weigh up to 140 pounds and still be within the normal weight category. People's metabolisms change. You could get pregnant. You could have a huge life stressor. You could have a medical issue or injury which immobilizes you for a couple of months. You might have to take an essential medication which puts a few pounds on. If any of these things happen, you might gain a few pounds, still be in the low end of normal weight, and this idiot would either pressure you or dump you right when you needed a friend most. Your lover should actually like you as a human being. Ideally, they should love you. To this person, you are a body. He does not love you as a human being. Since you are underweight, unfortunately many of the people who show interest in you will be obsessive that you maintain perfect skinnyness and obsess over whether you gain a pound. People like that can give you an eating disorder. Free him up to find that perfect inorganic lifeform whose body never fluctuates, and free yourself up to find a lover who is actually a loving person.
It sounds then like he would wasn't a good business person. He doesn't manage his money well, he treats clients poorly, and his working hours do not suit he business he is in. If I wanted to go to him for any of the purposes you listed aboulve, I would want to see him during the normal business day. I think you have hit a crossroads. He feels betrayed but is unwilling to confront what he did to lose your brother's and business partner's faith in him. Being unwilling to confront one's own flaws is a terrible quality in a romantic partner as well. Would you want a husband who.stubbornly does things that hurt you, the children, or the household, but refuses to ever see any flaw in himself? Who continually runs up debt, plays the victim, and gets mad when people don't want to give it to him?
As a romantic partner, if I am doing something in my life that is not good, and my SO and I have good communication and trust each other, we can give each other little course corrections. My SO and I run a business together. We discuss business practices all the time. What's the best way to publicize ourselves, should we buy new equipment or hold off, hiring, training, increasing our own skill sets, how to deal with clients, pricing, how to manage our schedule, how to anticipate demand, to name a few. We often differ greatly in our views on these things, and we both have our own flaws. What is essential is that we are both willing to examine our beliefs and behavior and we both respect ourselves, our employees, and our clients. To simplify, partners aren't supposed to blindly agree with every single solitary thing an SO does. This is not live, it is total submission which unhealthy for both partners. Nobody should hear that they are always perfect no matter what they do. In a healthy relationship, both partners respect each other and feel safe enough to tell the other difficult things. Both partners have the capacity for self-reflection.
Why thank you. I believe that my advice is like droplets of pure wisdom from and eternal fountain of pure wisdom. I can see how OP is in a pretty awkward place, though.
Why thank you. I believe that my advice is like droplets of pure wisdom from and eternal fountain of pure wisdom. I can see how OP is in a pretty awkward place, though.
Wow, I wish you had a time machine so you could go back and and give this line to young adult me.
I absolutely agree with /u/ch1ck4do0dl3. These kids hurt both you and Jake by setting him up for failure. They made a public spectacle of him asking out someone in a committed relationship in front of the whole school with video cameras rolling. The whole thing showed terrible judgment and hurt both of you. Then they abuse you for turning him down--which you tactfully didn't even do openly. If they are so concerned for his happiness, why isn't one of them stepping up? So basically, they all made a decision for you that would have hurt you--because it could have hurt your relationship with David, and then abused you for not going along with their little fantasy. To make matters worse, none of them thought to run this plan by you. You were bullied and Jake was hurt by a bunch of sanctimonious children who are indulging in the very worst kind of groupthink. None of this is your fault. You are allowed to have wishes and preferences. You are allowed to stand up for yourself. You are allowed to have a voice. These children have another lesson to learn, and the adults, whose job it is to instruct young people, need to be allowed to do so.
Well I guess we can't rightly know what options they really do and don't have, and in the end it doesn't matter because they're a package deal and she sticks up for him. Therefore, your simplest course of action would be to leave them to their respective misery while you embark on your new marriage and abuse-free life.
First, you need to be able to be very honest with each other. You need to spell out what are dealbreakers for each one of you. Are you allowed to have sex with people you have feelings for, or just attraction? Is it okay to spend the night with one of these side partners? Who is allowed to know about your arrangement? That kid of thing. You should stop by /r/polyamory to get a better idea of what the potential problems may be.
You don't really have him anymore. He's just not that into you. It sucks to be rejected, but it has nothing to do with your value as a human being or a lover. He is being an impulsive child. Let him go. There are other fish in the sea.
My money's on manipulative.
I guess it's a matter of pace. Maybe his pace is too slow for her comfort, or her pace is too fast for his comfort. The tough part is when people allow themselves to be pushed into something faster than they're comfortable with, then whatever it was that made them hesitant comes to the fore and regrets ensue.
Personally I would take it to the police. This sounds like a sex crime.
Not if she's hurting you and doesn't give AF. That could actually do long lasting damage. It's possible that your confidence issues stem from being with the wrong person. If she's withering, critical, and demanding, maybe your body is telling you something you need to pay attention to. Any issues a person has are best resolved with someone kind and supportive who has your back and who is a good friend first and foremost. If she has you intimidated, and not just in bed, consider letting her walk the next time she negs on you. Having a romantic partner is not like training for a boxing match. Enduring an awful partner does not make you a better lover, quite the opposite.
Again, I call b.s. Insulting a guy's sexual prowess is right up there with calling a woman fat. It's just not done and anybody who has spent a few minutes in this society knows it.
You have declared multiple times how much of a failure this guy is at sex. We all get the point, as did he. You seem very invested in putting this guy down sexually. Are your motives entirely pure? Are you quite sure you actually have OP's best interest in mind?
&gt; She's never really been in a relationship past 3 months At age 26, and given what her family said, that's a pretty clear case of "it's not you, it's me."
In all of these instances, you responded with perfect wtiquette. You thanked her when appropriate, offered to pay your way, etc. &gt; I am a wildly insecure person whose self-worth heavily depends on what she says and thinks of me. This is not an accident. She has gaslit you with these bizarre games where she created an offense out of thin air and then blamed you for it. The manipulates situations to make you guilty by definition. The way to win at this game is to stop playing it. You have already taken an important first step by moving out. Next steps include: When they offer you money, help, or material objects, refuse them. To her mind, her gifts give her permission to punish you for accepting them. When you have said or done something courteous, such as thanked her or apologised, and she tells you what you should have said, don't respond. End the conversation, leave the room, drive home, whatever you need to do. Do so every time. When she persists in pushing you, go no contact for a day or so. If she pushes again, make the no contact period longer. As long as you are enjoying a particular interaction with her, go for it. This reinforces desirable behavior. Don't let your guard down and think that you can trust her not to hurt you. People don't change characteristics like that without exerting big efforts on their own, attending therapy, etc. Your mother doesn't want to change. She is not self reflective, she thinks that the way she behaves is fine, and she likes keeping you fearful and submissive. Get therapy to help yourself process a lifetime of manipulation. Check out a website called Out of the Fog.
There are two different issues to consider here: wealth and race. Let's start with the wealth issue, because that's the easier of the two. Wealthy people are going to be guarded because they are quite aware that there a lot of mooching, jealous, greedy graspers out there, and they're not wrong. Read this sub for a while and you will see plenty of posts about mooching relatives. Now multiply that by a factor of 1,000. They live their son and want to protect him, so they will scrutinize his partners with the question of whether or not she just wants his cash. If the partner apparantly comes from money, they will relax a little. If a partner comes in overdressed and looking like they want they are trying too hard to be something they are not, they will pick up on that and they will be suspicious of that person. Your best bet is to dress well, but in an understated manner. That means dress somewhat conservatively: nothing that shows off cleavage or butt, nothing flashy or garish, muted colors that blend nicely, tasteful jewelry, subtle makeup. Do whatever you need to do to present yourself as relaxed and confident with them. The only thing you have to fear is fear itself. You have as much right to the good things of this world as they. In conversing with them, never make any reference, even once, of economic hardship, deprivation, or insecurity of any kind. The story is, you are doing well. You work hard and are ambitious. The biography you present reinforces these qualities. Remember, it's not about looking down at the poor (well, maybe they do, but we're going to assume that they're reasonable people) so much as not wanting their son to he with somebody who resents him or wants to take from him. Now, about the racism issue. First, has your boyfriend told his parents that you are black? Has he sent them a picture of you? He should have done that, and furnished them with a basic biography. There should be no, "Honey, you didn't mention she was--" moments here. The key is to prepare for any awkward contingency. Just as they should know about you, you should know about them. Ask your boyfriend what their interests are and what they like to talk about. What will make them happy? Where are they planning to go out to eat? Can your boyfriend plan that ahead of time? Can you figure out what to order? Can you make an arrangement with your boyfriend for a signal just in case things get too awkward?
I came here to say this, but you said it better. /u/hannah629, I think you have been so busy feeling guilty and blaming yourself for the circumstances of your daughter's birth that she has picked up on your self-depreciating attitude. Starting now, I hope you can flip that perspective. You gave a girl life and sacrificed everything to give her everything. You are a hero. She lacked for nothing. Now it is time to prepare her for the real world. Step 1 is you need to hold your head high and stop apologizing for being a teen mother. We do not live in a day and age where a woman should wear a scarlet letter for fornication. You need to start modeling self care and self esteem to your daughter, because very soon she will be out on her own in the world and she will start running into problems. You need to show her that being a responsible adult does not have to mean nonstop self denial. Basically, she is taking her cues about how to treat you from you yourself. You think of yourself as inadequate and qorthless, so she has picked up on that. Henceforth, you will pull back a little from your daughter. You do not need to shower her with unqualified love, attention, and resources. Start treating her, bit by bit, like an adult with responsibilities. You need to start eating lunch, every day. You need to start making friends. You need to carve out time for yourself to relax and think your thoughts. You need a hobby or two. You need to go out with other adults time to time and have a nice meal with a drink. She won't be around forever. Once she's gone, what will you do with your life? Prepare now. Start cutting back on the presents and the treats. She doesn't appreciate them, so maybe she doesn't need quite so much. Stop begging her to love you and talk to you. Be around and available (and for God's sake don't ever leave her to party with her friends without you being in the house again), but find other interesting things to occupy yourself with. When she is being relatively pleasant, interact with her. If she is being a bitch, don't chase after her. If she wants something out of you, you don't have to give it unless she treats you with respect. Even then, you don't have to give it to her. A new car on her 16th birthday? WTF is she smoking that she thinks that is a reasonable request? Most kids get no car at all, ever, unless they themselves buy it.
It's not your insecurity. He is a complete failure as a boyfriend or a friend. He is putting you down so that you think you are flawed and become emotionally dependent on him. Never, ever put up with a guy who compares you to other people. If he likes them so much, he can go pursue them, and free you up to be with someone who loves and respects you. In other news, plenty of guys love petite women. I can guarantee that once you DTMFA you will have no problem finding someone who is not a nasty asshole.
As a general rule, whenever someone asks, "Am I being oversensitive?" the reality is that someone is maltreating them. The extent of his emotional abuse is apparent by you actually thinking that his cruel statements are your fault. WTF? I hope you leave him as soon as possible, ignore him when he gives you the "Oh, baby, I'll change," line, and seek therapy to rebuild what he has torn down in your soul, because right now that's in worse shape than your leg.
A.k.a. lose the boyfriend.
It's a common euphemism for DTMFA* around these parts. * Dump The Mo Fo Already
Call the police in his area and leave an anonymous tip that there is child porn on his hard drive. I have no idea what the legal ramifications of this are. Even if it is legal only to have fiction, you have to create a paper trail that this exists in order to have sole custody. Usually the norm is for shared legal and physical custody and there has to be a damn good reason for one parent to be denied custody. There is no point in flinging around an unproven accusation because divorced couples do this all the time. You need proof. Edit to add: there is no big reason to believe him when he says he has never acted on his urges. There is a high probability that he has. Edit II: I guess I phrased my poorly. Or, perhaps my advice was indeed terrible. The child porn I was referring to would be the existing stories. There is a good chance that there might be something else as well. I don't think OP needs to lie. For all she knows the stories are real, or being shared somewhere. There is no reason for her to say anything other than the truth.
Tell someone at your high school. If your sisters go to different schools, call theirs as well. Tell us what you did here. The more facts and specific incidents you can recall, the better. Also tell when it started, how long it has been going on, etc. Even if the schools are closed for the summer, there may well be office personnel answering the phone. Call at around 9 or 10 am. When you get someone, ask to speak to an administrator about an urgent matter. If you don't get through to anyone, look up CPS in your state and call them as well. The call may take awhike, so call from some place where you won't be disturbed.
W're all telling you to stay away, and I'm sure we all sound like irrational jerks to you. Here's the problem. Because he's 11 years older, and you're barely an adult, of course he will seem amazing and impressive. Boys your age don't have their own place, a car, a regular paycheck, interesting life experiences, relationship experience, all that stuff. Also, he knows just the right things to say to get you to fall in love with him. Compared to his house-having, job-holding, car-owning self, no boy your age stands a chance. For that reason, he seems extra double amazing. We have no respect for him, and neither will your friends and family, because you will be wildly in love with what may be the most ordinary 29-year-old ever. In fact, he may not be ordinary. He may be a controlling loser, since he isn't willing to go out with women his own age. He prefers to go out with someone he can easily impress. It would be like you trying to impress a 13-year-old. Easy, and therefore only a creepy, manipulative girl would even do so. It might not be illegal, but that doesn't make it a good idea.
I agree with dumbroad. It is hard to commit her against her will, but I live in L.A. and it is a merciless place. Your mother is at huge risk of winding up on the streets, at which point it will be a huge take to find her again. Maybe you could try to convince her to see a doctor for her nerves. Without debating the truth of her beliefs, tell her that she has clearly been under a strain. You hate to see her so down like this. A doctor could help her not be so unhappy. Maybe you could try it from that angle. Does she have a cell phone? Is there some way you can get her cell phone paid for so you don't lose touch? Also, for what it's worth, try Googling mental health resources Los Angeles. I'm so sorry you are going through this.
You are wise to look ahead at the possible problems. Hence you should probably have solutions to the problems lined up before you make your leap. This assumes that there's no abuse of any sort going on. I'm getting disrespect and disinterest from your post. If there's something worse that you haven't told us about, all of the following advice becomes moot. Go onto the Love is Respect website and take the quizzes about you relationship. If your relationship is abusive, forget the rest of this advice, call up some women's shelters, look up the National Domestic Violence Hotline, and take it from there. If your relationship is not abusive, you can take a bit of time getting ready to leave. If you are living with him, Step 1 would be to line up a new place. Craigslist and AirBnB can be helpful. Step 2 is work on your social life. The goal is to find a friend circle, and especially girlfriends. Go to any event at your school that might even be remotely interesting. Look up Meetup in your area and again, make a goal of attending any and every possibly interesting group. It's election year, so if there are any candidates you can get behind (doesn't have to be presidential), get involved. Look for civic organizations and nonprofits that are doing something worthy. Go to Salsa dancing, zumba, ooen mic nights, chili cook offs, Toastmasters, anything that gets you out of the house and around people. Try lots of different things--the more, the better. Step 3 (can be the same time as 2, of course): reconnect with family and friends. Call lots of people. Try to have one intense conversation every day or two until you have rekindled connections with everybody you reasonably can. Tell them what's going on. See who makes substantive offers of help and who is supportive. Even if only one person is, that's all you need. Ok, let's say that you have tried your very best, and nothing in your area interests you. Is it that nothing seems interesting and everything seems like a huge, dreadful effort? You may be depressed. Find yourself a therapist and work on getting that treated. If you have interests and passions that your current locatioN doesn't offer, it might be time to plan a move. How much longer is your coursework? Is it something that, after this course is over, can be continued elsewhere, or by distance learning? Now is the time to start building your new life. You are right that you don't want to get rid of this guy and then have to cope with a gaping hole. What would make you happy? What would make your life amazing? What is something you would want to do no matter what else was going on? Start by answering that question.
They are going to act hurt over every independent decision you make. If you are asking us, "How do I make my parents happy?" the answer would be to do exactly as they wish at all times. If you are asking us how to become independent from them, I would say study exactly what would allow you, with such gifts and interests that you have, to earn as much money as possible. If you are asking us how to have both happy parents and an independent life at the same time, that's not going to happen, because they don't want you be independent. Therefore better you weather the storm of their outrage, because otherwise, you will never learn, grow, prosper, nor have a positive self-image. You need to undertake the journey that you long for, and you need to be satisfied with trusting your own sense of what you need to do.
Erase that spreadsheet. Don't promise anything, especially not on paper. Otherwise, there is nothing legally binding. Your parents will use any and every trick in the book to make you feel obliged. This will potentially continue for the rest of your life. First, they will demand repayment terms so steep that you will be forced to live from home. Then they will find a million more excuses to keep you there. Sooner or later you will have to find your No; better sooner than later. If this seems inconceivable, seek therapy to help you stand up for yourself.
You can't clarify anything with them because they don't want to hear it. Also, do not leave university without a marketable skill. Otherwise you are truly creating a prison for yourself.
If you're self aware enough to be worried about it, then I'm guessing you are self aware enough to learn out to avoid bad situations.
Ultimately the best defense against bad ideas is to present good ideas. If you want to reach your cousin, you have to do what your uncle did, but in reverse. First, you have to hang out with him as much as you can without putting either yourself or your newfound, improved life at risk. Make a point of talking to him at family gatherings. Try to get him to do activities with you that don't involve dodgy activities or people. Talk to him, show an interest in how he's doing and what he's up to. Ask him open-ended questions about himself. The more he trusts you and wants to talk to you, the better your chances of influencing him. You can ask him questions about things he wants to do, goals he has, plans for the future. Slowly try to show him how to reach those goals and what might happen if he keeps on the path that his uncle advocates. I guess that's the best you can do. Show him that you're paying attention.
Your husband's qualities--or lack thereof--might indicate ADHD and/or depression. The reason I say ADHD is that it can leave a person sapped of motivation to do practically anything. Also, getting laid off 3 times in 5 years--that would tend to indicate that he's not doing well at any if his jobs. At this point, companies may see him as damaged goods, and due to his age, he might have a tough time getting another job. Tell him to get himself evaluated for his lack of interest and motivation. He should tell the psychologist and psychiatrist everything, including what may have led to all those layoffs. Conventional talk therapy does nothing to help with ADHD, because it is a lifelong neurological condition. Be quite honest with him. He needs to know how dire this is. Meanwhike, for your own sake, you need to leave the house on a regular basis. You need something fun and social that you can enjoy with other adults. You need to make friends, especially with other women. Start by going out once a week for a couple of hours, say, every Tuesday. Try anything and everything--going to the gym, bowling, ukulele club, a garden club, a book club, it doesn't matter as long as you enjoy it. No one can live without joy.
I have ADHD. People with ADHD can end up with terrible self esteem, even suicidal. Women with ADHD are even more prone to this. It is absolutely vital to know yourself anf to manage your environment so that you are successful. In this case, you are with an abusive man who is using your condition against you in order to keep you under his control. You cannot change your neurology. You deserve a happy life no less than anyone else. The purpose of no one's life is this awful cycle of cleaning, criticism, cleaning, criticism, lather rinse, repeat. Fuck him and fuck his flowers. Tomorrow he will be back at it, and in a few years your children will be writing in, suffering from depression and anxiety, wishing their mother had just left their shitty dad. Why not just leave him and live in peace. If the place gets too dirty, hire a maid.
I faced a similar situation...don't beat yourself up too much, you were trying to lend a hand to a professional mooch and it's sad how common this situation is. She is a tenant for having lived there x amount of time (varies from jurisdiction; usually something like 2 weeks to a month). Therefore tenancy laws usually apply. So, the 30 days (or whatever; again, depends on jurisduction) written notice is where you start. I know it's frusyraying, but you have to get that clock ticking. Meanwhile, you do not have to make it comfortable for her. She does not need to know the router password. She does not need to be fed. Secure your pets, valuables, etc. Take pictures of the state of the house and send them to your home insurance on case she decides to get destructive while you're out. You do not need to talk to her. You do not need cable, that kind of thing. Unfortunately, at the end of 30 days, if she refuses to leave, you need to go through a whole eviction procedure. I am not a lawyer, so you do need to educate yourself as to what that entails. In case she's the type to start making up weird lies, you might want to set up cameras, and depending on the state, you might or might not have to inform her of them--look up whether your state is a one or two party consent state.
There's no reasoning here. They're clearly racist. You could own a fleet of Bentleys for every day of the week, a private jet, and shit vanilla ice cream, and they would hate you because it wasn't pistachio. Unfirtunately, this is something Vanessa has to work put within herself. Either she is string enough to cut them short when they start their bull, or she isnt. It's up to her.
Call CPS and get formal guardianship signed over to you; otherwise, it will be pure hell trying to do anything with your brother. As others have said, go to court and set up child support. Teenage boys eat like crazy, and they grow like crazy. You will be buying clothes constantly. Apply for any social benefits you can. When you make the court arrangements, make sure your brother is still covered under your mother's health insurance. As you are a broke college student, apply for every single social benefit out there, food stamps, the works. Finally, get counseling for the poor kid, and for yourself.
&gt; That said, she's also kind of asshole. I would go as far as to say that the fiancée's tirade was abusive.
I was in a marriage in which my husband had the "main" job and I was expected to change jobs every time we moved. Long story short, I ended up quitting a couple of great jobs and then the day came when we were in an area when I couldn't get a job with a middle class wage any more. I few years later, and I'm dumped and very much regretting having blithely allowed myself to sacrifice my job security. A few years later, and Im still working on revitalizing my career. TL;DR: Your job prospects matter too, honey.
Let's cut through the multiple issues here, because ot's not that complicated. You are taking on the boys and are completely at peace with that. You would burn your life to the ground before letting then go into foster care. Therefore, this is a no-compromise issue for you. Your husband, on the other hand, is not on board with this. Not only that, but he has developed this massive drinking problem, resulting in behavior neither you nor the kids need to be around. Even if you waved your magic wand and turned your kids into 18 year-olds who were about to go off to college, you would still be stuck with an alcoholic. You can't be with an alcoholic. Addiction is one of the biggest dealbreakers. You can't make him love the kids. You can't make him go to therapy. You can't make him stop drinking. Let this man go before something terrible happens. Edit to add: look into services for driving disabled people around. You cannot have a drunk ferry you around.
Consider that Lana may be controlling and manipulative, and is manufacturing reasons to isolate Dan from his closest friend. I'm not proposing that you apologize for your non-sin, nor put up with being the brunt of these manufactured controversies. I think the most compassionate response would be for both of you to stop responding to Lana altogether, and stop responding to Dan's requests for an apology on this matter. Then after letting it all cool off for a while, Jason should contact Dan periodically to see how he's doing.
&gt; the cult is trying to get people to avoid planning and rational thought in exchange for their "way". Cults have a lot of methods for doing exactly this. Lack of sleep, nutrient deprived food such as brown rice and little else, forced to meditate while being told to clear your mind for hours on end, then being bombarded by their ideas, all means that you end up with no room for your own thoughts. Them you are forced to reveal your most intimate secrets to the group, which they use to humiliate you, break you down, and make you dependent on the group.
Excellent point. /u/LanaWomby, I had come here exactly to say the above. In other news, if you are still at home reading this, go back to work for God's sake! Never, ever, ever jeopardize your work situation over a boy.
The most loving thing you can do would be to urge her to seek treatment for her depression, anorexia, and body dysmorphic disorder. In fact, these issues may be feeding into each other. Anorexia in particular is like an addiction. The physiological changes brought on by chronic starvation change a person's thinking. It is most certainly not treatable by the love of an amateur alone. These are extremely serious problems, and having a relationship may actually work to distract her from seeking treatment. It is possible to be in a relationship with someone with serious mental disorders provided that they take responsibility for managing their condition. If you are not inclined to break it off at this moment, you should tell her that you &lt;&lt;insert emotion here&gt;&gt; her very much, but you are hesitant to commit to a relationship at this time due to some extremely serious mental health issues. As a friend you would love to support her in seeking appropriate care. Then you detail in what ways you would be willing to help her--researching good therapist's &amp; doctors online, taking her to her initial appointments, whatever you do or don't feel comfortable with. If you want to go this route instead of just cutting her off (you do you--don't overcommit), you need to hold her accountable and not let her make excuses to avoid her problems. That's what a true friend would do.
He wants you to have and keep the baby so that you are tethered to his abusive ass for the next 18 years. The baby is in order to trap you. Please Google anything you can about abusive relationships and how to get out of them. Go to the police station and ask them to refer you to a women's shelter. Change your phone number and ghost on his ass. Figure out if you can still get an abortion and do anything you possibly can to round up the money, including getting your family to help you. Even if your family is mad at you, part of the abuser's modus operandi is to isolate you. As long as your family is not abusing you, you can put up with a few months of "I told you so." Apologize to them, but straight about how you hurt them and take responsibility for your mistakes, and offer to attend counseling with them to repair your relationship. If you can't have an abortion, have the baby, tell the nurses that you don't know who the father is, and put the child up for adoption. Let's be clear: this man is a predator. You love him because, forgive me, you were/are young and naive. It is up to HIM to straighten his shit out, not his barely legal abuse victim.
Don't feel guilty about liking Colton--David's feelings are not your responsibility. Whenever David asks you do do something datish, you need to be blunt, clear, and firm. "No, I'm not interested in seeing you outside of work." You can also say, "You keep asking me to see you socially, but I'm not interested in seeing you outside of work, and I feel awkward when you keep asking me." If he keeps trying to push, you can say, "I said no. Please stop asking. This feels awkward." Edit to add: you don't really want to preserve any friendship because it doesn't sound like you're really friends. What you really want to preserve is a cordial working relationship. Since the term "friend" may be construed ambiguously, especially by someone who has romantic hopes, stop using it. You can tell him, "I hope we can continue having a cordial working relationship." A little emotional pain does not hurt anybody. It's not fun, but we can't always get what we want. Romantic rejection is a fact of life.
1.) Pay her no money whatsoever. A "party fee" isn't even a thing. Even if it were, you decide what you sign up for and pay for. If she signed you up, that's her tough shit. 2.) Block her and ghost. You owe her no explanation. 3.) If she shows up at your door, tell her to leave and never contact you again. If she refuses, call the police. When you assert yourself, she will try to punish ypu and reestablish her power. Basically, treat her like an abusive ex boyfriend. Block her, get a new phone number if necessary, get a no contact order if necessary, and fill your life with positive, supportive people.
You are not in debt to her just because she said so. Even if she took you to court, no judge ever would make you pay. One person cannot decide arbitrarily that another one owes them money for some arbitrary reason. You only think you owe her money because you have been conditioned to let her push you around. If you pay her the money, this will not appease her into letting you go. It will simply deprive you of your own hard earned money, and she will keep bothering you. She is never going to give you permission to cut her out of your life, so you will just have to do it anyway. That's why my advice was to cut her out and go no contact. Treat her exactly as if she were an abusive partner, because aside from the sex, that's exactly what she is. Just block her now, also on all social media and email. I recommend that you change your phone number, because restraining yourself from responding to her or obeying her will be extremely difficult for you at first. Also, please get therapy right away to help you rebuild your self-esteem and learn how to establish boundaries with people.
Right now you are in a very precarious situation. It sounds like he doesn't respect or even love you. If you were on your feet, would you be putting up with this treatment? Don't fall victim to the sunk cost fallacy. Put 100% of your efforts into finding the best job you can find. Ask yourself if you would like to stay in your current city, even if your weren't with him. This will dictate where you should conduct your job search. Don't let yourself get too disappointed by rejection. Measure yourself by how many applications you put in. Don't let yourself get too attached to any one position. Be proud that you made it to the last round of that one job. Forget about abandoning him. It is up to him to manage his depression. From all his remarks about you being clingy and not knowing if he would relocate to stay with you, it sounds like he has checked out of this relationship. You are under no obligation to him. Your own job and survival are your number one priority from now on.
Making a concession to an unreasonable person just to keep the peace is a great way to have no peace whatsoever. Let things be. If she doesn't contact you, let her go. If she contacts you and insists that you apologize, refuse on the basis that you didn't lie and you are offended that she would jump to that conclusion. Then refuse to engage with her on this topic any longer. You cannot be with a person who thinks the worst of you. Let her go.
Screenshot your message exchange with him, send it to the girlfriend, and block all involved. He was involved enough with her that that was pretty key information for him to have left out, even if they did have an open relationship.
This is no different than the situations where a guy tells a girl that she's too fat or her boos are not big enough. Most people would get offended at an SO insulting their body even once. Repeated negging should be a dealbreaker. Personally, I want my SO to love me for me. Sure, I should take reasonable measures to maintain my fitness and strength simply because that's what a responsible adult does, they practice self care. But given that, and given that 95% of us don't look like the people on magazine covers, our lovers should actually, you know, love us. The next time your girlfriend whinges about your lack of muscles, free her up to find Mr. Bulbous. Plenty of girls prefer guys with slender physiques. You should have no problems finding someone who appreciates and respects you.
She has been clear about her wants and priorities. At any time, you had--and still have--the option to say, no, that doesn't work for me. Even married couples negotiate their wants and needs and (hopefully, if they're healthy) achieve a balance. You are not even married. The only obligation you have to her is to be honest. Stop putting your career on back burner. I cringed so hard when I saw that you put your firefighting career on hold. This is not an easy career to get into. It is heroic and has (deservedly so) great benefits. For the love of God, get your career going. Do not ever again destroy your future prospects for an uncommitted relationship. You NEED to stay focused on your living, full stop. This is basically a high school relationship. Let it go.
He might turn out fine, too. Kids born to drug addicts aren't necessarily hopeless messes, they're just at higher risk. The big issue is that you are barely scraping by. From your post it sounds like you do not feel ready to take on the raising of a child you had no part in planning for or conceiving. That should be the end of the story.
You're not thinking of still living with him? Nah, break it off and move in with housemates. Mix it up a little, free yourself up to meet new people.
He wants a break? He thinks you're being selfish? Do one, perfect, giving gesture and give him a permanent break. He sounds like a painful person. Who needs the drama?
Hating yourself will not help you lose weight; quite the opposite. Chronic stress is horrible for every system in the body. All that cortisol in your bloodstream makes you gain and keep weight. It is quite likely that after dumping him and getting therapy, it will be easier to create and stick to health habits. But getting healthier takes energy at first. As long as you're with this horrible person, he will try anything and everything to keep you down.
Yeah, I guess it is up to OP to articulate his feelings such as they are instead of me putting words in his mouth.
When I read your OP it sounded to me like maybe she had OCD. Is like like that with anything else? If it is truly just a fetish, and you are seeing if there is any way to avoid divorce court, then you should both do some research on how to navigate sex when one person has a fetish. This is where marriage counseling or sex therapy may speed up the process. Now I am a giant ignoramus on the topic of fetishes, but I'm guessing that for this to work, you would both have to negotiate creative workarounds and boundaries. Upu would have to clearly signal what you consent to and when, and she would agree to respect that. For instance, maybe you could both have a signal that, on her part, she was ready to engage in some roleplay, and you would have a signal as to whether you consented or not. Maybe going off to work is a pretty terrible time for that kind of roleplay, but if it were some other more relaxed time, you could give the signals and then you could make up a crazy story about some cheating scenario. I have no idea if you could even conceive of entertaining some system like that, but if you could, maybe a sex therapist could help get you set up. Also, you should both educate yourselves about pitfalls that may occur when one partner has a fetish and the other doesn't. We get quite a few people writing in here whose partner has a fetish, they were willing to entertain it, but then the fetish takes over and becomes obligatory. That situation is a dealbreaker.
Problem #1: You are financially, and now physically (because of pregnancy) dependent on this much older man who was easily able to influence your naive self. I'm not trying to insult you. Think about it. Would you be able to persuade a 13-year-old boy to do something if you has no scruples? Probably. &gt; Ed has always felt like rules do not apply to him. Translation: he ignores and disrespects boundaries, which means he will disrespect yours as well. Problem #3: He refused to go into a certain area because it was too high crime for him, but had no problem leaving your young nephew there for 4 hours. Translation: he neither respects nor gives a rat's ass about you or your family. You are not going to ever get him to do anything he doesn't want to do.
Making a concession to an unreasonable person just to keep the peace is a great way to have no peace whatsoever.
Chows are kind of famous for being 1-person dogs. They attach to one person and that is Their Special Person. If Midnight can handle having another dog around, look for another breed, or a pound puppy, who is generally friendly and which is good with kids. Also, you and your wife both have to get used to your kids doing the exact same thing. Grin and bear it. Be happy your dogs and children have two supportive parents.
People who seem like they can't understand are usually perfectly capable of understanding. They don't want to because they are abusive. Why do you live in this town? What brought you here? Are you otherwise completely socially isolated? There has to be more to your life than you, this town, and this woman, isn't there? Are you completely socially isolated? What happened in your life to bring you to this point? One helpful resource might be the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-8255. You are trapped by your self destructive eating pattern which you know is going to kill you prematurely. I am not saying this to hurt or criticize you, so I am so very sorry if this comes off as harsh; I do not mean to hurt you. I am giving you words to say to this Hotline when you call so that they will help you. They are wonderful about hooking people up with mental health resources.
I just stopped by to say that you are an awesome person, and your boyfriend (ex?) is a hateful little ball of jealousy. I sincerely hope that you wonderful brother gets the help he needs and finds more peace in his life.
Look up "grey rock" on a website called Out of the Fog.
Ok, so she's 16 amd her stepmother kills herself. That has to mess with a teenager's head, don't you think? How do you imagine she felt at the time? Abandoned? Angry? Guilty? Teenagers often think it's all about them--maybe she thought it was her own fault, or that she should have seen the signs and told her father. Or maybe the woman was awful and she felt relieved and guilty about that. In any event, she must have felt a series of strong negative emotions. The adults around her are freaking out and not paying attention, so she deals with this crisis in a very common fashion--by looking to be comforted. Ok, so she sleeps with a few boys. Being paid attention to and hugged makes her feel important and special. Now maybe she also came from a conservative place and nobody bothered to explain birth control, so she believed all these myths and misinformation that was passed around school. Maybe some douchy boy lied and told her that she wouldn't get pregnant the first time. Maybe she was with a boy and didn't eve want to go all the way, but he raped her. You really have no idea what was going on with her, do you, you who are calling her a skank? What is a skank, anyway? A person who has more sex than you're comfortable with? Why are only women called skanks? Why are only women nasty and dirty for having sex? Do you expect that all women should be virgins? Do you expect that you should be a woman's only sex partner ever? Do you think that it would have been better for her to have brought her life to a screeching halt to raise a child when she was a child herself? Are you even aware of the statistics on what happens to the educational and job prospects of teenage mothers? Are you aware that these effects are lifelong? Would you have even considered her as a girlfriend if she had a 1 year old right now, or would you have rejected her offhand for being a skank? Do you realize that adoption is much more complicated than it sounds? Can you imagine the feelings a woman or girl might have upon surrendering a baby? How many can you name (hint: they would be multiple). Are you aware of the feelings adopted children have upon learning that they are adopted (hint: they are not confined to gratitude). Do you respect this girl, or will there always be an asterisk next to her in your mind? Do you want to have sex with her? Have you discussed birth control with her? Are you ready to have children? Is she ready to have children? Are you willing to let her speak her mind and state her preferences, and are you ready to respect them? Are you willing to use condoms? Do you know what, if any, birth control she is on? If she got pregnant, what would you do? Would you think she was a skank? Are you ready to raise a child, financially, emotionally, maturationally? Is she? Or would you have to rely heavily on parents? Are your mutual parents inclined to be supportive? Would one or both of you have to quit school or work to care for the baby? Would the other one of you be able to support the other two? Would you expect her to marry you? Do you even want to marry her? I think you and she have some talking to do, and not about her past.
It sounds like he's the sweetest guy around because that's how he can convince you to let him mooch off you. In other news, if your money is that tight, you have no business smoking.
I only have two suggestions. One is that you start therapy now, so if you do decide to see her, you will have processed your feelings a little bit. The second is that you lurk the sub /r/raisedbynarcissists, and also check out a site called Out of the Fog. I have no idea what kind of a person your mother was, and neither do you. She may have been a flawed human being who made a mistake, but also has a good side. Now that you are an adult, you may be able to slowly reestablish an adult relationship with her. But you never know. She may have severe problems. She may be full of blame for other people. She may say awful things about your father. She may try to oblige you to have more of a relationship with her than you wish, or to forgive her before you are ready, or push you in any other way. Reading up on the behavior of manipulative people will help you recognize the signs in your mother in case she is like that. On the other hand, maybe she had reasonable reasons for what she did. A while back there was a post by someone who was in a very similar situation to yours. The father didn't die, however, but he was plunged into a state of profound depression from which he never emerged. After OP's mother resurfaced after years, she wanted to reestablish contact and she turned out to be a decent human being who had made this one mistake, but acknowledged it openly and honestly, and expressed regret for her actions. The father tried to forbid OP from seeing her, and gradually OP came to realize that his father was extremely controlling and passive aggressive, and this is what had driven his mother away. In short, it is likely that neither parent is perfect or horrible. You just don't know. It is a psychologically risky moment. Oh wait, I have a 3rd piece of advice: there is no absolute right or wrong. You get to do exactly what you **feel like** doing. You do not have to justify your actions to anyone.
Yes, that's definitely the nuclear option.
I think you're probably right. It's just that you never know what's going on with people. I mainly put that in because of the other post I was referencing-- [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/4oeup9/update_my_mom_38_f_left_me_17_m_and_my_dad_when_i/) and also there was another but I can't find it at the moment.
You need to live your life, or you are setting them up for dependency, and yourself for burnout. The best way you could help them is to make sure that they are receiving any and all social benefits for which they are eligible, and help them double check their finances so that their income vs. expenses are fiscally sustainable. Since your youngest brother is still a minor, your father is responsible for helping to support him. He brought him into this world, and he owes it to him. Your mother should be pursuing him for child support if she hasn't already, unless he is an unsafe person. However, if she is avoiding the issue out of nothing more than the awkwardness, that is a disservice to the whole household. But ultimately, your mother and older brother are grown adults. They should be as capable of adulting as you. As long as you are paying your share of rent, utilities, and groceries, you should definitely go on vacation. Someday, you may meet a person you would like to live with or marry, or you may get a great job offer that entails moving out of town. You can't put your life on hold to be the caretaker of other adults.
This sounds like the worst of both worlds. Actually it sounds like he wants a relationship and you don't. Hence I don't think he is a good candidate for a FWB situation.
You are clearly incompatible when it comes to drug use. You can't stand it when a partner does drugs, she clearly likes her pot, this is an incompatibility. You are allowed to determine what your dealbreakers are. It is acceptable to have a boundary such as, "I cannot be with someone who uses drugs." You are not forcing her to quit if you ask her to choose between you and drugs. Second, you seem to have a lot of anxiety. Like, a lot. I think you should seek treatment. Friends and romantic partners are not adequate substitute for a licensed therapist.
I would say, don't tell anyone until a week or so before leaving. Maybe less. If you think they are controlling enough to stop you from leaving, don't tell them at all until you are already out of the house. Don't let their begging and tears stop you from pursuing your dreams. The biggest favor you can do for them would be to make sure your career is doing well. Taking a good job will give you a lifelong advantage. Besides, if you are adult enough to support them, you are adult enough to live without their restrictions.
I could be wrong, but my understanding is that the debt you incurred before marriage is considered yours and yours alone. In any event, you need to discuss these sorts of things openly with your husband. I think that if he has a separate account, you should, too. If you give him all your passwords, he should do likewise. You don't have to obey him. Marriage is a partnership. You are allowed to set limits and express when you are not comfortable with something.
First, where is your husband in all this? Does he have issues with being domineering by his mother? Because there are very simple solutions to this particular problem, but if you plan on staying with him, there will be a lifetime of her attempts to push you around. Just think of all the possibilities! You housing situation, how you decorate your house, whether or not to have children and when, what to name them, how to breastfeed, whether or not to start them on peanut butter and whiskey in the first year, whether or not to spank, what school to send them to, whether to let her drunk ass drive them around...the opportunities for her judgmental meddling abound. So, this is your husband's golden opportunity to interject and say things like, "Stop, Mom," or, "Leave her alone," or, "Enough," or "She said no, Mom, do you have a problem with that?" If he is just sitting there like a tiki head letting all this go down, you have to have a sit down with him and explain that he needs to work out whether he intends to back you up or not. If he wants to but has been cowed into submission because "she's like that" or "Mom will freak out," then he needs to get into therapy. Meanwhile, as long as he's letting you twist in the wind...We have a saying around these parts..."no is a complete sentence." You can also go for the fancy version: "No, thank you." There's another suggestion we like to trot out, which is do not JADE: Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain. So, I don't agree with the other posters who suggest you have an elaborate discussion or make up a medical excuse. Script: MIL: Did you get my package? You: Yes. MIL: Well? You: As you know, I don't drink. Would you like it back? MIL: (a bunch of pissy statements about you not drinking) You: *no response, just look at her blankly and then change the subject* Script II: MIL: *pours you a glass of wine* You: No, thank you. MIL: *Gets pissy, says pissy things* You: *ignore* Use your social awkwardness to your advantage. If she makes a big fuss, say nothing few a few seconds. Just look at her. Embrace the awkwardness. Then change the subject. In other news, seeing as MIL is showing obvious controlling tendencies and your fiancé is not so inclined to help you out, you should rethink working for her. Bosses (in the U.S. at least) have near absolute power over their employees, especially in at-will employment states. If any attempt on your part to assert a boundary results in potential career and relationship difficulties, you need to find a new job, stat. Once you do so, it will make going no or low contact so very much easier. In other news, pay a visit to /r/justnomil.
Well you're getting roasted here, but this is a big learning experience. First of all, you are young and nice and want to help people. Cool, but remember from this incident that that's how Overly Nice People get in situations over their head. It's ok to ask customers to wait, to say no to making change or any other thing that isn't the first priority at the moment. Next, you have been taught from an early age to trust authority figures and that honesty is the best policy. It is now time to learn that in business, the managers act nice but generally don't give a rat's ass about you. Remember what I just told you about priorities, above? The bosses' priorities are: 1.) Cover their own ass 2.) The wellbeing of the business. Katy got fired because the boss was covering her own ass. She had to show her boss that she Did Something. Remember this incident for the rest of your life. The corporate world will be no different. Lastly, these scammy people do this for a living. They are much better at it than you are. It's not even about you being bad at math. I am good at math, but they go too fast and most people don't slow them down because they don't want to look stupid. So don't blame yourself, but go online and do some reading about scams. Also, learn to hone your instincts and trust them. If a stranger wants you to do something, don't be a dick to everybody, but keep your eyes open and don't be afraid to say no or walk away.
Yeah....have a big talk with him about timing and life choices and give him some condoms.
The update got deleted? There isn't anything there.
Why are you with him? Why? Just, why? DTMFA, get some therapy to undo the damage he has done, learn to accept yourself, and then look for a lover who actually loves you.
She doesn't get it, she doesn't want to get it, she's a mean girl. If your friends to not see her mean girl behavior as such, they are not friends, and you and your sweet husband need to find nice, kind, good people who would never, under any circumstances, make any comments about your body or any other aspect.
He can get a job and buy his own computer. Places like Office Depot and Staples regularly have basic laptops for around $200 - $250. He can go to the library and use the computers there. Gaming is a passtime, not a need. If you are too afraid of conflict to make a boundary in a relationship, them you should get out of this relationship and go to therapy until such time as you are able to do so. I say this as someone who spent most of her life terrified of setting limits with people. Take it from me, people like this guy are everywhere, and you can look forward to spending a lifetime of being walked all over until you learn this skill. This jackass is living in your home for free, and instead of busting his ass to make a living and move out as quickly as possible, he is damaging your computer because he wants to play free games. You know what, he should be grateful he is not sleeping outside under a bridge. He should be getting himself employment and/or an education and doing chores to repay your parents' kind favor of a roof over his head instead of breaking an important resource of yours and causing you to waste large amounts of your time fixing what he broke so he can indulge his amusement. Do you know how you fix a computer that has a nasty virus you can't remove? You reinstall the operating system. Do you have Windows 10 disks? Because if not, you will have to buy it for something like $85-$100. Is he willing to pay for that? Are you capable of demanding that you pay him back? I know you love the technical solutions that people are giving you, but isn't solving the real problem, which is that you have problems asserting yourself with an ungrateful, self-indulgent mooch who is damaging your valuable possession and hence wasting your valuable time.
Saying things is easy. His words are meaningless. Saying you are going to counseling is not the same as actually making the appointment and going, which is not the same is being ready to work on yourself and being open to change. Your husband is making words with his mouth. He is still the same horrible, dangerous person. If you are naive enough to go back to him, everything will be much worse, because he will be making sure you never get away again like you did this time. You will be really locked down. I recommend that you get a new phone number.
All I would add is that whatever you say over the phone, follow it up in an email so he can't pretend the conversation didn't happen. Put a phrase at the end saying, "Please correct us if we did not understand correctly. If we don't hear from you, we will assume &lt;the above&gt;." Or better yet, don't even call him to begin with. Write him with two or three choices and a deadline. One of the choices will happen if he doesn't reply. It's just a bed, so I'm assuming there is a history of him pushing your wife around, would that be safe to say?
I would also urge you to charge him for the cost or recovering the data, because that will be pricey.
1.) Do not agree to anything. As the others have said, don't answer your phone. Perhaps change your number. 2.) When you go to your therapy session, report the other therapist. 3.) You have given your brother what you had to give. If you could have helped him more, you would have. Having him in your home was not helping him, but it was hurting you. You are all done now. You have done your duty. You owe him nothing. Take care of yourself now, make new friends, date, go on adventures, all the stuff you couldn't do before, start doing it.
Him promising to quit pot is not the same as actually quitting it and sticking to it. The same is true for any other promise he makes. He feels sad because he wants you back, which is the only reason he is saying these things. A person needs to overcome addiction on their own. You have no influence over this. His problems are his to solve. Do not answer him. Cut contact and don't look back.
He's either jealous that you are getting something he isn't, or jealous because he thinks that you will be out of his sight in a vacation context with other men. Neither is a good sign? Has he shown signs, even subtle ones, of being controlling before? For instance, if he had to work one evening and you went out to a bar and had a beer with your cousin, how would he handle that? Meanwhile, stop talking to him about this as the conversation is done. If he threatens to leave you over this, let him.
Think about your sister. What happens to her at the wedding if the father is there? What happens to her for the rest of your life with you married to a guy like Dan? First step is you need to make sure you are not alienating and hurting your sister.
I have the sense that this may be the fucked up cherry on the fucked up icing on a fucked up cake. How and how often did your parents punish you as a child? If they are doing this now, they must believe in routine humiliation as a method of child rearing. They must still see you as a child. They may have abused you in various ways. They may be controlling. I am wondering what led to you failing out of college. I am wondering if an abusive and controlling upbringing may have led to anxiety and depression. I wonder if you are trying to medicate your anxiety and depression with pot. So, your steps are, 1.) Move out. 2.) Apply for every social service out there, get yourself insured, and get therapy.
You had an abusive father and now you have an abusive husband. Just as your father got worse with time and age, so will your husband. Your son is growing up witnessing and experiencing this. It's a fair bet that he is also either being abused directly, or by proxy watching your husband mistreat you. If things continue on this path, he will grow up to repeat this pattern either as abuser or victim. Do I understand correctly?
I'd she had severe abdominal oain, would you atempt to do your own surgery in the dorm room with a bottle of whiskey, a towel, and a utility knife? You are not a trained mental health professional. She is in the throes of a crisis. She probably has severe anxiety, severe depression, and who knows what else. You are not doing her any favors by trying to substitute yourself for trained, licensed mental health professionals. If somebody was bleeding profusely and kept saying it was nothing, even though they were sweaty and pale and half out of it, would you just take their word for it? Do you actually think that you are the best person qualified to monitor a suicidal person 24/7, or do suppose that perhaps her judgment on this matter is possibly clouded? P.S. Either you or her could call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-8255.
&gt; I gave her a kiss, and then told her that she loved me when I was fat, and women like them never noticed me. She still loves me, but those women just lust. Sure, my eyes might dart, it is physically natural, but I loved her so much, valued our relationship so much, and only needed her in my bed, I couldn't even imagine laying with another woman besides her. This is one of the most romantic things I have read in a long time.
Sometimes people laugh as a reaction to being shocked by something.
I would say, make the agreement that OP cancels the eviction once she's out. He could even pay for a motel for a couple of nights, even up to a week. I'm not saying that's fair--more that paying a couple hundred to get her out from under his roof may repay him well in hassle avoided. He could also help her look through rooms to let in Craigslist. Again, not because he **should** involve himself in the mechanics of her departure, nor that he is responsible but in hopes of speeding it up. I got rid of an unwanted accidental tenant that way--long story short, I was stupid and got trolled--but holy crap, what joy when she actually took the bait. Of course, if the ex-gf says No to his every suggestion, he should drop all attempts to help. Also, at no point should he stop the eviction procedure until she is Out.
