Jeez people, the '5 minutes' was obviously a figure of speech. Man, you guys are wound tight.
Yeah, I'm looking at those now. This has 'I'm going to spend a ton of time on this, but then the game won't launch and I'll never figure out why' written all over it. Hard choices. I really want that change though. I may take a crack at it.
I most likely will take you up on that then. Currently downloading all the stuff I need. Ugh, here I was thinking this could be solved in 10 seconds by changing a number in a file to a different number. Plot twist.
I cannot seem to find it, but I seem to be using a different version of UE Explorer than on the tutorials. I can search in the classes itself, but I have no Tools &gt; Find option, making it impossible to know where the piece of code I'm looking for is hiding.
'I don't like this thing, therefor anyone who does is less of a person than I am'. Well said. You couldn't have been clearer that you're a dumb cunt.
It worked for me. Make sure you adjust the amount of kills it requires to earn a promotion on the correct difficulty you're playing on. Also remember your soldiers can only earn a maximum of one promotion per mission. I'm not sure what else could disrupt it.
Nevermind, I'm a huge idiot. I forgot to add this line above the lines: [DLC_2.X2Item_DLC_Day60Weapons] Oops.
Minion Horde is a fantastic defensive option though. The dps it deals is amazing. If you play them and your opponent fires arrows at them instantly, they will still kill their target before dying to arrows, unless Giant. The fact they can target air makes them even better. Offensively, they are less useful unless you have good timing.
After? Ah, thanks. I was looking for it in the settings before starting. Can't seem to log in though... does it always take a while before the account is activated or what? I can log in to the site just fine.
Yes, but it is much more managable to deal with the consequences. XCOM 2 has various mission types that pop up once in a while. Guerrilla Missions are the ones that have replaced Abduction Missions (EU/EW) in terms of consequences. They pop up only once per month as opposed to 3-4 times. The way they work narratively is that XCOM gets intel to disrupt some of the aliens activity and you can choose where to strike. If you do not, the aliens will finish the activity they are building towards. XCOM can only strike in regions you have control over though. A max of 3 missions will pop up at once and you have to choose one of them. As you guessed, them finishing their activity will negatively impact you. It is called a Dark Event. There are several types of Dark Events and they are randomly chosen. Some include: All Advent forces gain one armor for a month; Advent raids make rookies cost double for a month; Advents awareness goes up practically making concealment worthless for a month. Etc. Etc. You can see before hand which is which and then choose which one you want to prevent most. However, the consequences of the Dark Events, while certainly noticable, are very minor compared to EU. If theoretically all Dark Events came to pass it still wouldn't be a huge deal. Especially not if you are somewhat good at the game. At that point one more point of armor doesn't really matter, a reinforcement pod on every mission for a month doesn't really matter. Etc.
(request)
That's why I suggested the tactical ones. The strategy layer ones either don't make sense or would be too harsh.
No comment.
Oh nice, thanks for that :)
Thanks! Very nice. Quickly done. Will install and try it tomorrow morning. Will it work with existing campaigns?
No?
You got a raise?
Bungie rewards foul play. If they took their game anywhere close to seriously they would ban these people for life. But no, they won't do anything and even if they did it would be a minor slap on the wrist. Bungie makes it so going flawless is easier and safer if you cheat. Their lack of decisiveness can be a real bummer.
Disagree. This isn't anywhere close to the same thing. I played Destiny for 80 hours before I got the Thorn bounty. After 2 weeks of Nightfalls I got the Ice Breaker which is like 2 hours of play. Most people have it at this point and I bet everyone will have it a month from now. The droprate is such that it isn't really hoping, it's just a matter of time.
Because Bladedancer is a better Super on almost all fronts. Stop trying to get everything better than everyone else? Hammers miss extremely easily even with Flameseeker. As a Hammerbro let me tell you people who post clips of dodging 3 Hammers as if it's a feat: you're clearly not playing Sunbreaker and your lack of experience makes this argument shit, every time it's brought up. That shit misses so easily, it's not even funny. 'If Sunbreakers get 6 Hammers, Gunslingers should get 6 shots' - No. You just never play Sunbreaker and don't understand how incredibly inbalanced that would be. 6 Hammers are as efficient as 2 Golden Gun shots **maybe**. Similarly, Suncharge misses all the goddamn time even when it should have hit. It doesn't even register half the time. As someone who pkays Hammer and Blade, trust me on this, Blade is much better bar a few specific situations. Also, the class is just better because Quickdraw is so much stronger than Flameseeker, a perk you need ti make your Super less shit, but still shittier than Blade.
They need to buff Suncharge. Not nerf it.
Haha hilarious. Even the best Sunbreakers miss all the goddamn time, but of course you hit everything because you're a god. Fine buddy, you're the best. For the rest of the entire planet though, that Super is not that good.
Haters are actually never sent after you specifically. The game populates your game with Haters based on where people died in theirs. The ones sent after you are called Hunters. You will know when they enter your game because it will say on the top right: You're being hunted.
Yeah, just bait an attack, dodge it, go for a counter and then refuse your last hit since you can be countered after it, instead just roll away. Repeat that process. You're not wrong in thinking it is hard, being one shot sucks. But you can alter your strategy for that. Try it out.
Is this still the case on higher levels though? I imagine if you have a fully leveled grade 4 or even 5 character guarding your shit, it can get hard. Especially if they are beefy and send a Defender with super armor out first so the second guy might spawn before the first one is dead. At the same time, since raiding is the only reliable source of SPLithium, do we really want to make it balls-hard?
The hard evidence is in my pants. Ha! I like my own joke. It has a double meaning.
I didn't say nor think that. I was comparing it to Blade specifically. OP is basically saying Blade needs to be more powerful in comparison to Hammer than as it is now. I am contesting that saying Blade doesn't need more love at all if you're comparing it to Hammer, because in that respect Hammer is worse.
That's at least a question worth asking. Is Fabian Strategy really any better than... I mean... Is any random weapon really any better than Fabian Strategy? Yeah, probably. I've used it, it is extremely cool in Patrol on lower Light guys because stuff dies fast. You barely every have to reload, you regain health quite often and it actually murders faster up close. But on any sort of on-level content it can't kill anything quick enough in the first place. Rendering everything useless.
But Shadowshot is mostly based on your aim. If you are going to hit me and I dodge, it will track and murder mr regardless. HoS doesn't do that. You'll just miss.
It is pretty much the only Exotic I use, next to Saint-14 sometimes. They are worth it.
I disagree strongly with the entire internet that ME3 was bad. It was by far the best playing one, especially on Insanity. That multiplayer was also fantastic.
Too bad they don't do anything.
That's unresonable. Bump the game down to easy. Don't blame the dev for your poor strategy. The game is not meant to be easy and if Archons are already giving you trouble you are really not going to like the later enemy types. Alternatively you can edit the ini files to reduce their health to 1 and damage to 0. You should probably do that as you stand no chance of finishing the game legitimately with your attitude.
I downloaded the mod by Grimy that makes Rulers immune to execution. Much more fun that way.
I am though. Everyone is talking about being excited for Vault of Glass returning. It sounds like the most absolute boring thing to me to rehash something old. You should look on this sub more often. Almost all of the requests for content are always older stuff.
I don't think you can ban sex offenders feom bathrooms because first of all, a sex offense can be something extremely minor or even untrue. Second of all, they would have no place to pee? You want them to pee in the office or store in their pants?
To create a pervert-free space for women. I think most men wouldn't mind shared bathrooms. At least less so than women.
Come on you guys, does the word you use matter that much? Clearly if someone tells you you can't do X because you're black it feels worse on an emotional level. You must understand that?
Or I haven't seen many bullet holes and aren't an expert on the subject? Calling everyone an idiot because they don't know something that you do: that is idiocy.
They all had committed previous crimes too? Armed robbery? Why do people fuck around with people like this? Give them life in prison or let them choose death. It's really that simple because people like this won't change.
I liked DOOM but the insane praise it has gotten seems off to me. It is a really good shooter. Not thw best shooter campaign ever made as some claim. It is fun to play through, but I would have liked it better if they threw more demons at you on Nightmare instead of having you be one shot by most attacks. I did not enjoy that and stopped playing on my Nightmare run.
Yes. It's pretty much a guaranteed chance as long as a VIP rescue mission pops up. Instead of rescuing a Scientist or Engineer, you'll rescue one of your soldiers. It's one at a time though and those missions pop up once a month or once every two months. Which means it could take you a year to get that entire squad back.
I'm afraid that's a placebo you're experiencing. You feel like they interrupt your every scan because you convinced yourself they pop up all the time. In reality they pop up once per month. That means you have 30 days on average between Guerrilla missions. I get that you just want to gather all the free things on the overworld forever, but it doesn't work like that.
One of the following is true: 1. You are being spotted by units you cannot see. 2. You are moving through terrain that is in fog of war. 3. You make your action too quick to notice you will be spotted. In the cases of 1 and 2 the game will not tell you you are going to be spotted. Good luck. If you feel like none of those are true, record when it happens and I'll tell you what happened. But this should cover it.
I don't see a problem. Disregard the Archons as they can't kill anyone at this point in the game. That MEC needs disabling or be dead because of rocket volley attack. Then stun the Sectopod. This is completely doable if you have one hacker with you, which you should. Stasis also.
Not dependant on individual soldiers. Yeah, my guess would be you moved through a (small) fog of war area where they had LOS. It happens to me sometimes still just as a mistake for not noticing the move would go through FOW.
Anyone read the actual story? He was a convicted felon who committed many more crimes and was alledged of lots of others. Him gettung 22 years for the remote was obviously a loop hole to punish him for everything he did without needing evidence of everything else. Smart. Unethical too though.
No, placebo :) he thinks it happens a lot, therefor assumes it does happen a lot and feels like he is limited by something that doesn't actually happen. That's placebo. Confirmation bias is if you"re only searching for specific evidence that back up your bias and disregard anything that opposes it. I don't see him giving any evidence for anything. If there were 10 people responding to him it doesn't happen that often and one person that tells him that it does and he takes that one person's word as proof: that would be confirmation bias.
I'd watch that.
Takinh over your body, not your workload. I wouldn't need to know about that.
It's not and I didn't say it was. You are imagining who I am pointing out as entitled people. I'm not talking about the people that think this is a nice thing to do. I'm talking about the people that see this as compensation that they deserve for being on a plane with a baby.
Most people regard Shen's Last Gift as the best. I think Alien Hunters is by far the best. Battling the Rulers is just so damn cool. Having a new soldier class is great for the entire campaign but I just love the challenge of Alien Hunters. And those specialized suits are super cool.
You should play with what you think is fair and feels good. Our opinions don't matter for your enjoyment of the game. I use Hack Plus and altered the hack stat gained to +1 on fail and +2 on success. I found the increase over the course of an entire campaign is useful, but I still don't even come close to 90% chance of shutting down a Sectopod. It feels good to me. Others might find it cheating. I find default Hack Plus is cheating because you end up with 100% chance to take control of a Sectopod with the +5 stat rewards it keeps dishing out. Do and use whatever you want. You can balance the game for yourself. I just use what feels good and makes sense. For example, I gave the Spider and Ghost suits 3 and 5 HP of shields. Made sense to me as they are powered suits, but lack armor.
It only gets easier if you played well and got lucky and didn't lose soldiers. My first Legend playthrough I lost 9 soldiers at various points making the late game excrutiatingly hard, way moreso than the beginning. There is nothing wrong with the game becoming slightly easier if you played well. You're being hyperbolic about the difficulty of the early game though. It's not necessarily easier or harder, just different. Even on Legend you can afford to make mistakes. If you make one you **can** die, but even on Legend you have 50% chance to die if you made a crucial mistake. 50%=/=100%
Yeah, I often have to laugh at LFG. 'Be able to hold your own! No scrubs, experienced players only!' Look his stats up, 0.68K/D. 'Quick run. Skilled players only. 0.54K/D Flawless run, I am 1.6K/D, you need 1.4 at least. 0.97K/D It's hilarious how many people apparently have no idea you can look them up with one click. They make excuses for the stats that are disproven by other stats. 'My little brother messes up my K/D, but I' m great'. Then why have you only gone flawless once, in Year 2? And why are your past few matches almost all negative even though you claimed to have played yourself today? Ugh.
Weird how so many people in the comments are upset. You don't have to pay him yourself you know, don't worry. It's OK to be happy for other people's fortunes sometime.
You seem pretty condescending to him for a person that admits a larger sample size is far more valid than a smaller one. It all depends on the subject at hand. When deciding who the most admired man in the entire world is, I can guarantee you without doing the math that 500 and even 1000 people is not anywhere close to a valid sample size. I just read a study that showed a link between a healthier life and consuming up to 470 grams of vegetables a day. It was noted to require more research and a larger sample size to more accurately portray its findings. It had 38500+ subjects. Did you read the article? They didn't perform any research to adequately suggest what they are suggesting.
I have played Legend a lit and I think the hardest thing about it is the increase in enemies and less shackles on said enemies. The increase in health doesn't matter so much as the fact that you will uncover two pods at once very regularly which often means you cannot kill every enemy before their turn starts. It adds the layer of safety sense not present in Commander. Regular full cover is fine there. You're only subjected to two shots at most. But when you have 5 aliens looking to take a shot, full cover doesn't cut it. 30% chance to get hit are bad odds if rolled 5 timed. Placement is a **lot** more important. Hunkering Down is also actually useful frequently.
Both exist already, more or less. Many Engineer mods including one that places turrets. Rogue Class is similar to your Infiltrator.
You should have backup plans for when you miss. You say '85% kill shot' as if you're expecting it to hit. 85% means it will miss 15% of the time. Which is once or twice if taken 10 times. Liberate yourself from the idea that high chance means you're good. Probability doesn't work like that. 70% chance to hit is much higher chance in your head than it actually is. It means it will miss roughly 3 times every 10 shots. You always need backup plans and tactical sense to hypothesize what will happen.
Steam is a platform on PC that costs no money. You can download the client for free and create an account for free. The only thing you pay for are games. When you buy them, you own them. Steam also has the best prices with frequent sales.
Both Shen's Last Gift and Alien Hunters are tons of fun. You should get those two (don't bother with the others).
Is that the joke he was making? I didn't catch that.
It's okay, I'm a doctor. I'll see you and your girlfriend at the same time.
Too late for what?
I know you don't because of this line: 'those starving people would be able to thrive a hell of a lot more on seeds' That's such a detached viewpoint from the actual situation. They have plenty of rice, an abundance. That' s why they are the only ones in the world suffering from marasuma and such. The situation is far more complex than that. As far as your other argument, I already said we have superior nervous systems. It' s obvious you don't understand what that entails, but I'm not going to explain that as it is too lengthy and complex to explain over Reddit. It boils down to their lives simply not being as valuable from an emotional, cognitive, intellectual and scientific standpoint as ours. Which returns to my original comment of it just doesn't matter. It's great that you feel good with what you do, but don't force that thought on other people. This is not like owning slaves, this is not like murdering newly weds and their kids. And by the by, just understand that those precious animals would completely murder you if they had the chance. Being compasionate is not always a good thing.
You can talk to me directly. And no I don't. Doesn't look close. I guess I just have an amazing gift to tell a game from real life. Lucky me.
Very nice. I might do a playthrough of it after my current Legend Ironman. Reading through changes now.
Because Pavanis isn't allowed to ask money for that mod, especially not on closed system. Alao because the console version was always planned, it didn't get to consoles because people demanded it to. XCOM2 doesn't have mod support on consoles.
Are you using a controller? It doesn't support it.
Alright, 8 missions in. So far so good! I will never be the biggest fan of Pavonis because we don't share the same philosophy on drawn out firefights, but besides that it has good ideas so far.
Get True Concealment. Vanilla timers are too unforgiving.
Wait, what? That sounds like a bug, but I'm not sure. Here is how it works for me: The mission that pops up has an expiration date whuch is usually 1-8 days from the moment when it popped up. You can infiltrate during that time and your squad is unavailable until you launch the missiion which **you can do at any point**. But the later you do it, the more infiltrated they are, so the easier the mission will be. There's no way a mission expires after 3 months that's crazy long. After you complete the mission you should get all surviving soldiers back immediately as in vanilla. Did this happen to you after you finished the mission? That sounds like a bug. Or did they get captured?
Huh? I'm not sure if I understand you correctly, but Long War 2 is a mod for XCOM 2. Long War was for Enemy Within. Whether you have Long War or not is irrelevant for this, you need XCOM 2 to play LW2. But yes, you also need to start a new game. The campaign is entirely different.
Actually, Long War 2 seems to spawn giant maps sometimes where the extraction zone is literally, and I'm not joking here, 10 turns away if you dash every turn, then gives you a 13 turn limit. Not sure if intentional, but meh, not fun.
You can edit ythe overhaul ini file in the LW directory. And I don't think you even need an excuse because LW2 already has some problems and one of which is that it sometimes generates a map waaaaaaaay too big. I literally could not extract with one soldier who dashed every single turn because he had a bit under regular mobility. That's dumb.
I have been using Uniform Manager for a while and it is compatible with LW2. http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=626291285 Allows you to create uniforms that you can equip to the entire squad at the press of a button. You can save unlimited (?) amounts of uniforms. You can also set certain uniforms to certain classes so they'll automatically wear whatever you have set for that class. It's quite good.
I can barely even hit 100% Infiltration with 3 soldiers. How are you getting to 200% this early already?
Yeah, I thought maybe it was intended, but knowing that, that must be a bug.
Again, you're taking it literally and added the 'without consent' part. How sure are you he meant and intended to grab someone by the pussy as opposed to just jokingly saying it?
Console versions don't have mod support, so no.
LW2 really isn't hard though. It's just different. You often don't want to kill all the enemies. I bet if you play it on Rookie at least, it'll be easy for you too.
It will not. Console versions do not support mods.
To be honest, you probably made some mistakes. There are no uncounterable enemies in the game.
It's one of many bugs in LW2. I have no idea if it can be resolved. Not as far as I know.
There are a lot of bugs in LW2. Sectoids are intended to be able to use psionics when not activated to raise a zombie, but sometimes it glitches out and they can shoot at you immediately even when not activated (through fog of war). I don't doubt there will be some enemies that can take shots immediately later, but this seems like a bug.
It might be caused by multiple things, I don't know. But I've had it happen with more than a day of expiration time left.
Yeah, I'm on Commander. I get the sense this is the difference between Commander and Veteran (on top of increased health) from watching other people play.
If you can't tell, you're not playing Long War. But if the installation wasn't obvious to you, then I think you messed up somewhere. It is very easy. You go to XCOM 2 in your library, then click on 'Browse the workshop', then type 'Long War 2', then select the correct mod and click 'Subscribe'. Then launch XCOM 2 and on the launcher you can select Long War 2.
It's a mod. Regular people made it, not 2K, and they are giving it to you for free. You have no reason to say 'fuck you' to anyone.
They don't have 50% knockout chance.
I mean, they said it's a women's march. Protesting against Trump for what he said about women. So... I have bad news about your brain dead comment. Plot twist: it's you.
Seems to happen to a lot of people. Haven't seen a fix.
Some balance is needed. You start with a spy in your haven so you do need to put a soldier there as advisor and at least one dude on Recruit. Of course you need supplies too, but Intel is also important because you need realistic mission expiration timers. I put one dude from Recruit to Intel and that worked fine for me.
I play on Commander and it is piss easy. The difficulty comes from the game putting unrealistically hard missions in front of you and asking you to do them. You say 'no' and only keep doing the missions that are realistic and it is smooth sailing to be honest. I am not trying to bash Long War 2: it is super impressive what they have been able to do by modding the game. No other mod comes close to it. But, I feel like the praise for Long War is so unnuanced. Every single critic claims it is a must play. Every single person says it is so much more tactical than XCOM 2. I just don't agree. After 9 hours, I called it quits. I was just not having fun because Long War stretches every little thing out sooooooo much, I don't like it. From my experience, I think it probably takes more than 50 hours to complete it. I recognize some people may love that, but saying this is a must play for everyone? No. Then, just why is no one calling out how bad the AI is? They move to positions where they are flanking themselves so often. Almost more often than the times where they use both actions on moving individually (ending in the same spot where they started that turn). Lowering chances to hit makes fights more drawn out, not more tactical. Is Long War 2 impressive? Absolutely. No doubt I could never mod the game in such a way. It's also extremely fun for some people. But it's really not for everyone. And not because it's supposedly hard, it's different, not harder. It has very cool mechanics but it is just so boring to play for me that I reverted back to modded vanilla on Legend. To progression is so much more fun to me. It changes things up whereas Long War 2 is very repetitive.
That used to be possible but they may have patches it since. I don't quite remember.
Most of them worked fine.
What mods are you using exactly? Some of them significantly downgrade your performance. You could also try clearing your cache. Go to Documents &gt; My Games &gt; XCOM 2 &gt; XCOM Game &gt; Config. Then delete all the files there and boot up XCOM 2 after that.
I am familiar with all of them, the only ones that might bog your performance are the two map packs. But I kind of doubt it.
I am familiar with all of them, the only ones that might bog your performance are the two map packs. But I kind of doubt it.
I actually like Mind Control on Mutons. They have good stats, have a grenade, and their counterattack makes placement great.
Indeed, also for people who hate Not Created Equally like me, you can turn it off there and it takes effect immediately.
Indeed. It can be really hard if you choose to. But if you play smart, it's not that hard.
That's precisely why I don't like it. The vast majority of those missions are built around you ignoring combat. I like the combat. The overall design of Long War just doesn't click for me.
That sounds like clearing your cache might fix most of these problems.
Hm, yeah, I have no idea. Might be some mod overlap that messes things up, but I don't know. Try to run it completely vanilla, see if it runs well.
I can think of a few jobs where that might be required by policy. What was the job you were interviewing for?
Yep, that sure makes no sense whatsoever hahaha. Why the hell would you have to lose weight for that?
Sounds like you still have some things to learn about enemy behavior. MEC's **always** use rocket pods if there are at least two valid targets for it to hit and if it's chances to hit are too low it will use it on a single soldier as well. I'm going to hilariously say that this isn't Long War, you can't stretch stuff out. If you activate two pods, you have to deal with as many of them as possible. Active enemies are all dangerous. Waiting for them to attack you is not a good strategy. Overwatch is generally not a good strategy if you have LoS already. Remember that overwatch shots have a -30 aim penalty, which means you are less likely to hit an enemy running towards you from overwatch, than you do if you take a shot at it regularly through partial cover.
Not necessarily doing anything wrong, Long War is just stretching things out tremendously. Don't expect to finish it in less than 50 hours.
Sounds sue-able.
Sounds like a bug. I know you need 2 scientists to research it and whether you get a scientist or not seems entirely up to RNG. But if it doesn't even show up on your research tab, then yeah, that's probably one of the many bugs LW2 introduced.
Yes, in vanilla. I would imagine it would work differently in Long War 2 if they put that many enemies against you in the second month. But I guess once again their idea of 'balance' means forced defeats if RNG isn't in your favor.
As I said, that's why I don't like it. The combat is the good part of XCOM.
No, they can't miss.
Eating anything after a certain time makes you fat. I'm a dietitian and every second person I see believes it. Doesn't work like that. Imagine eating a single burger at night and only that for the entire day. Think you'll gain weight? No.
Yes... It's seed based RNG. It loads the last seed when you reload so if you're going ti miss it will always miss. And 100% shots will always hit. They cannot miss. There isn't a known bug that makes shots appear as if they are 100% when they are not. If you have any proof though, I'm open to it.
Vanilla. Long War 2 is a bit too complicated to get started with. Also, LW2 is not even a must have mod for long time XCOM fans. It makes the game very different, in a way some people love, but definitely isn't for everyone.
These are more playstyle preferences though. You don't ever have to bring rookies because you can have Guerrilla Tactics School. You can call the Skyranger way, way, way earlier than 2 turns before finishing the objective. You can leave drones for last since they are generally the least dangerous. You can go lower than 100% infiltration easily. Light-Moderate activity is only 4-6 more aliens than Extremely Light activity. The only advice I would give is skip missions that are too dangerous. LW2 is pretty easy if you do that.
That timer is random though and it can be as low as 8 days.
You can't turn it off. It says in that checkbox that the only thing you can turn off is the mission itself showing up, not the content within the DLC, in this case the Rulers. The way to 'turn off' the Rulers is to check the box and never do the mission.
I replay it a lot more than Civilization. It is very well suited for replay ability. Just a matter of preference. If you don't want to, then don't.
Correct. Same with Shen's Last Gift. No Sparks for you unless you do the mission.
Everyone into hiding I **think**. I tried with a few into hiding but still increased. You also have missions that state: 'this will get ADVENT' s attention. If you do those, their strength should increase in that region and decrease in others.
No, won't happen. There is no mod support on consoles, they wouldn't pay the fees required to push an update for a mod, it barely runs on PC so would be a mess on consoles and it doesn't have controller support.
That's your friends PC. It runs far, far better on my PC than on console. Just like everything else.
The Sectiods are not as dangerous as the Lancer though. If you kill the Lancer, the Sectiod will reanimate him which is a wasted turn for it.
The shield icon is defense and I believe the arrow is indeed dodge. They are the same as in vanilla. Defense decreases chance to get hit, dodge increases chance a hit eill be a graze.
This is a real tactics game. I love Fire Emblem but that is much more of a puzzle game than anything else. 1. **Never dash**. If you uncover a new pod of enemies and you can't move anymore you'll have a bad time. Only exception is if you're concealed. 2. **Optimize your actions**. This means you take one action with every soldier (and check their options) and only after that take the final action with each one. Imagine moving a soldier and having a 25% and 45% chance to hit and you take the 45 one and miss. Then you move another soldier and realize he has a 100% chance to hit on the 45 guy. Bad order. Correct way is move the first guy, see the 45%, then move the second guy, see the 100% so take that shot and then switch back to either take the 25% shot or go on overwatch or something else. 3. **Increase your chances to hit**. By setting up flanks, removing cover with explosives and abilities, taking high ground and modding your weapons. If the average chance to hit you have is 70% and their average to hit you is 50% you should generally win because you hit/kill them way more. 4.**Care about your soldier's survival**. The best defense means killing everything before they have a chance to retaliate. If not possible though, or if it won't work, plan to keep your soldiers safe. Learn enemy behavior and damage amounts. If they have two active soldiers that can do 5 damage each and you can't kill them, check your soldiers position. Can your soldier be flanked? Yes &gt; move to they can't. Does your soldier have at least 11 health? Yes &gt; he is safe. No &gt; he can die. Hunker down, use flashbangs, use smoke grenades, use Aid Protocol or something else that will increase his chances of survivial. 5. **Accept the reality of probability**. Anything less than 100% chance to hit **will** miss at some point. Do not ever count on a shot with less than 100% chance to hit. Even memes surrounding XCOM are actually hilarious showcases of people's bias. When a 90% shot misses people say stuff like 'only in XCOM!' In reality though, a more proper way to look at it is a 90% shot will miss about once every 10 times tou take it. A 70% shot, while perceived by people as very high chance, will miss roughly 3 times every 10 shots. This also means, however, that if you have no other options, taking a 30% shot isn't necessarily doomed to fail either. Accept the reality of chance. 6. **Diversify your squad**. You do not want 6 highly trained soldiers and no one to back them up in case of injury or death. Having nothing but Squaddies if something bad happend will give you more of a bad time. Try to make sure your lowest rank soldier goes on the next mission and try to set up some kills for him so he'll get promoted. You basically want to make sure if your entire squad dies, you have an entire squad just like it ready to go. Preferably you'd have a third too. 7. **Prioritize researching and engineering gear for your squad**. All research projects are good and useful, but the most important one is getting better weapons and armor. Likely in that order too. Remember, the best defense is just wiping the enemy out before they can do anything. If your weapons deal more damage, that would be easier. Survivability is the backup plan though and you can't always kill everyone, so better armor is also crucial. Don't spend too much time researching stuff you don't need right away. The longer you wait, the bettet aliens you'll start facing and you want better weapons and armor when they show up. 8. **Accept losses**. If you truly understand point 5, you understand that bad stuff can happen. Losing a soldier or two is not the end of the world. XCOM is about optimization and tactics. Learning to live with consequences. Don't immediately reload your save. Try to live with it. That's the point. Playing on Ironman will make you a better player. I've never played without it and I am much better than friends who don't. They don't even fully realize how many times they 'cheat' un a playthrough by reloading to get a different result. As a result of that, when they try playinf Ironman they actually realize they can't play the game without cheating. They lose even on a lower difficulty setting.
Sparks are ridiculously powerful in Vanilla. It pains me that almost nobody can use them well.
Where did you hear about a patch?
Evac means you forfeit the mission.
You should build Resistence Communications. Even on Veteran, you will lose the game if you fall behind too much. You need to make contact with more regions. You already have the second tier of gear, so don't worry about that until later. Also, the research descriptions are pretty good at telling you what is what.
False. Sparks output the most damage out of any unit. They can deal over 34 damage in a single turn, non-crit. Their movement range is insane and they practically thrive from getting targeted, it only makes them stronger. You can dislike them all you want though. But you can't deny they have the highest damage potential. That's just math.
But that patch is not released yet is it?
How are you socially awkward though?
Not necessarily just those though. Jusy whenever the mission isn't 'secret'.
Random for the most part. The first Rookies will each get promoted into a different class until you have (had) one of each. After that it is entirely random.
Yes, and what I'm saying is you already know all of that. You know those stats aren't random? They are fixed. Which means you can just memorize them. The Gremlin thing is indeed useful though.
Hm, well... To be honest, that sounds like most people.
Proper sex education is far more than just explaining how reproduction works and to watch out for SDT's. Proper sex ed teaches you how to fuck, how to masturbate, what feels good, what boundries are etc. Before you say 'oh please everyone knows that', no they don't. Many women don't know how to masturbate to completion. Many women don't know how to please men actively. Many more men don't do anything for women at all.
But it is. You can call 'your' side something else all you'd like, but you're dividing land mass and people.
The problem with people who support Trump is not necessarily that you support him, but that you believe his words without thinking. That wall will never be build. It is so super obvious, yet for some reason you look passed reality. First, how long do you think it would take to build a wall that big and that large? You can't wait for it? You will have to wait. Even if they commited to it, it'll be over 50 years before it's done. Second, you don't want to pay taxes? How much do you think this wall is going to cost? Your taxes will increase significantly. The reality of the prospect of the wall does not align in any way with what you want from it. This is leaving out the fact that it divides people and will ultimately harm you much more than anything else.
You show a huge lack of education in every field imaginable. Your wall won't be build. You voted for someone because he manipulated you into thinking such a thing will be done in 4 to 8 years. I don't need to be part of your idiotic 'groups'. I'm not a 'liberal' or anything else you try to identify me with. You take a look at your country's economy and history of construction and you would clearly see that wall will never, ever be build. And even if it were, it wouldn't stop anyone. What are you going to do? Build a wall around the entirety of the US and shoot every plane that tries to get in? You can get in whenever, even if that wall was there. And then still, the lack of foresight on your part to assume a wall can't be broken or cut out. Do you realize the US would be bankrupt if they tried to build a wall which would actually stop people, of that size? Your wall won't be built and in whatever fantasy land you live where it will, it won't slow anyone down. You've fallen for obvious lies and deceit. How about we talk again in four years and see what's up? By the by, I'm relatively familiar with your tax system. You don't pay any taxes for illegal people directly. With all the things you could be fighting for to change, you chose to keep your superiority complex intact. 'I was born here so I deserve this'. Gross. Bet they work a lot harder than you do in shitty conditions and are happy to be there. Meanwhile, they don't bother your life in the slightest and you complain about them because some guy told you to. Such a bummer.
Ah, I see you resorted to name calling and fallacies because you couldn't articulate a proper counter argument. No worries, I'll just assume you actually have a strong point but were incapable of presenting it. So... Good one.
True, but he also spoke truth.
You clearly don't live in Europe. I travel a lot here and nobody is scared at all. The only people scared are people like you who never even see refugees in the first place. You fear them because you don't know them.
That is a terrible analogy since there are more 'poisoned M&amp;M's' among US citizens. Are you proposing to have everyone leaving the country and give it back to native Americans or something?
First of, good job showcasing I was correct in why you are so fearful and consumed by hate. Second, nice job getting literally everything wrong on how things work in other European countries.
Agreed. I can't really tell what I'm supposed to do.
I have absolutely no idea how the systems work. I thought leads would reveal the main missions?
LW2 is 95% stealth missions. The stealth mechanics in this game are not fun in what LW2 asks of you. There is a serious issue with it randomly spawning a way too big map where getting to the extraction zone is barely possible if you dash every single turn, so you have no time for combat. I highly recommend installing True Concealment for LW2. Or just disabling the turn timers, whichever is more fun to you.
Because contrary to what you believe, islam is not a terrorist religion. Less than 1% of the islamic community is radical terrorist. It's like a Christian who believes you should have sex with young boys. That's not at all core to Christian faith or representitive of all Christians.
Getting bad things done is not getting anything done.
Except he's a good person and is interested in solving problems rather than creating them.
Because 'proper' islam opposes terrorism. Because radicals believe they need to kill all non-believers, which includes them.
What an asshole.
I'm not talking about his time at Microsoft here. I'm talking about what he has done after that for humanity.
I have a family to support and I am able to go about 5 months every two years. And I have an average income. Thanks for proving my point. You're not even trying and pretending like you can't. You can,you just don't wanr to and hate on people that do. You should hate on yourself. In relative comparison to Bill he still does 20.000% more than you.
Yeah... That's part of the reason why the good oppressed people there want to come to the US. A better life.
But it is. It only affects muslims and it is a way too wide net cast to do what he says it does. It's like banning all guns from the US and then not calling it a gun ban, but an act to remove firearms from dangerous people. You're literally affecting everyone so you can hit the 0.01% that you're trying to reach.
You don't reckon the emphasis on not allowing muslims from those countries to seek safety, but allowing Christians and others, indicates it is a muslim ban though? What the ban does and the reported purpose of it by Trump, don't align. It is way too wide a net cast to be reasonable. It's like trying to reduce the amount of serial killers, then as a solution banning all white men, because most serial killers are white men. Yes, that would certainly reduce that, but it's disproportionate and unreasonable. Not to mention, the most recent terrorist attacks in the US were commited by US citizens, not green card holders.
Not really, no. Because if it's a bartender, teacher, mechanic, waiter etc. you are protected by the law. If it is a cop, they are protected by the law, sometimes seemingly regardless of what they do. You can't even fight back if you are beaten up and hospitalized unfairly/without reason or resist. Because you'll get jailtime on top of it. When your best bet is to not resist and let yourself be assaulted and pray someone filmed the encounter, that is a pretty good indication that something isn't right.
Because he didn't have to?
Burn!
Stop being an ass. More specifically, start being nice. Seriously, it helps yourself more than the other guy.
You're walking around with shit on your knees and shins? Eeewwwww.
Guilty of what? And does it matter? If there is 'never a reason to hit a woman', then what exactly did he do to deserve 28 hits? Guilty of having a penis?
Must have been some poor surgery conditions.
To be fair, can't expect a man to clean the inside of his knees and shins.
Traitor! We must claim back the city. These Hunters and Warlocks do not understand our ferociousness and pride.
Dude, seriously, stop comparing these things. You may not realize it, but that only implies an attempt to dismiss actions such as these. It's like if someone cut off your arm and after you complain they say: yeah, well, in Africa they cut off both your legs. It's as irrelevant as it is derailing.
That's not what he said. He meant the leap in quality, content and refinement.
Why did you dislike BL2?
I loved the weapon manefacturers. Destiny has some and supposedly is going to get a few others. Do you also hate them in Destiny? Omolon, Hakke and Suros?
Who are you even talking to? Are you suggesting sex work is immoral behavior? And what misguided and fallacious arguments do you have that backup that notion?
I'm just laughing at you now, returning to the same points and escalating them because you realize they aren't working. Continue. I love to hear more of your criticism.
Did you just attempt to shush a person on the internet over whom you have no control? I thought I would have seen all of the idiocy that made me laugh a while ago, but here you are proving I haven't found the depths of it yet. Anyway, besides your failed attempt to exert whatever power you thought you had, a prostitute is also clearly not responsible what another customer does in relation to their personal life, neither are you one to judge anyone in the scenario to begin with.
What is your point? The earth heating due to natural causes does not dismiss or disproves human interaction also contributes.
I don't believe in any of those, but I do not agree. I think flat-earth theory is so much dumber than creationism. While some of the exact things in the bible are proven false and many more are at least questionable, at least there is some merit to creationism at its core. There will be a time where humans will create new life for instance. Flat earth on the other hand has been proven completely false hundreds and hundreds of years ago. Most people didn't even believe it in the times of Columbus and VOC, as they had accurate evidence suggesting it is a globe. Today, every single piece of proof that it is a globe is disregarded by flat-earthers without any correct assessment for false information and evidence that is fallacious. It is **the** thing here that, even in a social construct, can call stupid.
He was insulting your intelligence because you think the photo is real, even though he only suspects it is fake and has no conclusive evidence. Fake or not, he was a dick to you. Fuck him.
It is very dependant on randomness. With some balloon set ups, it is literally impossible, others are extremely difficult and yet others somewhat easy. You need to get lucky.
The problem with that is that you ban people out of fear blindly. Some of the most recent attacks were done by Christians, so why not ban them? Why not ban gun owners? Statistically speaking, gun owners are waaaaaaaaaaay more likely to murder more people, but no, guns are cool.
Two things. First, nothing of that fits the definition of tone deaf. Secondly, if 'banning all people that share a similar characteristic' is how you handle issues, then you should ban guns, white people, black people, men, women, Christians, hippies, vegans etc.
Not even when you had the Big Big Mac? It was delicious and big.
There are people that care about the longevity of the planet and the species. It's a 'care about your children' s future' thing.
If no one told you Big Foot existed, the exact same experience would not have you think you saw him.
Or a bear.
It could have been my mom actually, that you are describing.
Keep criticizing your betters, at some point people will realize how great you are!
Like, none of that is true. The problem with people who claim 'fake news' is that they live in their own bubble and don't actually see what is going on. That includes Trump.
No, the logic is that watching TV for 4-5 hours a day and taking 23 golf trips since becoming president can be considered an ill use of time with so many issues on the table. Next, he shows to be not knowledgable on many subjects. So yeah, he is going this stuff too much.
He probably doesn't. He's also not the president of the US though. I know some nurses and doctors that work way harder than Trump because they can't let their patients down. Trump lets his country down and obviously needs more time off to play golf?
Right, because you're in charge of that right? You're proving my point.
There is no such number. If Trump was knowledable on all the issues he is charged to face and made correct and sensible decisions that none would have done better, then he can play 1000 hours of golf a month for all anyone cares. The issue is he is very clearly uneducated on many things, yet doesn't work a full day and takes time off all the time.
What are you talking about? Those things aren't connected that way. If America succeeds, they will address Trump as president, whatever form that takes is up for debate. His election was not democratic, possibly even tampered with, he has some undeniable 'coincidental' ties to Russian power and worst of all: he makes poor decisions based on fallacies more often than not. Either Trump gets better advisers and starts listening to them, Congress and Supreme Court intervenes with his decisions, his acts are stalled until the next election or he gets impeached. It really doesn't matter to me. But the Trump issue being handled is America succeeding, not failing. Nothing says success than being able to address a faulty leader who has lots of power.
I guess I learned today that many people make superficial assumptions based on small, insigfinicant and unrelated habbits.
What problem? Sounds like the only problem is that he uses something that you have deemed shit. No problem here.
I sense some resentment in your post. The truth is this video doesn't prove what you claim it does. Communication **is** vital for 98% of LFG groups. Just because you managed to do it doesn't mean that most groups can. Heck, I've joined my fair share of groups that weren't able to get anywhere even with communication.
Defenders are true guardians, Strikers are vanguards and Sunbreakers are inferno warriors. I feel completely different playing as any of them. It's a matter of perspective.
Don't use the brake.
And team coordination. It just doesn't happen that often. For the longest time, I was better and faster at soloing Crota without cheese (except Bridge) than joining a full random group, on average. With my own team it went fast as hell though.
So, you are judging her entire intelligence based on the capability to understand a joke? She's not the one who is dumb here. Every single person doesn't know some things that are common knowledge.
Somehow this is nowhere close to the funniest news about Trump today. Which is hilarious.
As a non-American I keep being surprised how so many people voted for such a comically obvious evil villain.
Agreed. But usually because they made a decision or two that did not align with your viewpoints. This one, however, seems to pick classical movie-like evil choices. It's surreal.
Swords equal murder. Get it done.
I'm cool with that, but I hated Exotics tied to quests that &lt;1% of the community figured out and posted online, then everyone else follow the guide and carbon copied it.
Sounds more like you're not getting some things.
Is that someone you?
Exotics have the elemental damage on them. Meaning they do extra damage to corresponding shields and can be used in Nightfalls with burn modifiers of that element to be ridiculously strong. Besides that though, they take up an Exotic slot and you can only equip one at a time, so unless there is a Nightfall with the appropriate burn, the Exotic version is worse than the Legendary version.
There are set ups where the balloons are closer to your starting position and leas ideal for the trainer. Also, you can get them clustered together or lined up in a way that you can snatch a large amount of balloons that the trainer is attempting to get, so you basically get 'double points' because not only do you get a balloon, you deny her one. Some set ups are the other way around. The trainer will snag all your balloons and birds keep flying in your face that she seemingly dodges. These are literally impossible to complete. And of course you have stuff in between. Plenty of set ups are doable but challenging. A few are somewhat easy or impossible. Just keep at it. Sooner or later you'll get something good.
So you mean: 'RATATATA!' More commonly known in the modern world as 'machine gun sound'.
Trumo probably told him to avoid G7 and he got confused.
Listen to yourself. The President of the United States has the lowest job requirements on the planet? Think really hard about what you are saying.
Reading all the evidence and statements, acknowledgements, testimony's, accusations etc. for a single case can exceed 1000 pages already. Then there is the expectation that you are familiar with certain cases in history, of which there are over a hundred you're supposed to be knowledgable about. Then of course there is the law itself, which are four giant books of who knows how many pages. And then still there is all the educational material you have to read. I'm a little surprised you think this is all a lie. The universe is infinite and some are more infinite than others, that blows my mind. For you it is 'having to read a lot'. Well, okay.
The higher class is really not the type of 'fit'I was implying. Also, Trump is the richest president in... Maybe even ever?
What is the usecase for vertical screens as opposed to horizontal? I really wish I could play Destiny on PC and have stuff transfer so I could do Trials and Raids with my friends on PS4. Oh well, looks like I'm stuck to PS4.
It's still in there as a regular perk in one of the clusters.
To be honest, if it's not a OHK they have messed up. Because it is located in the cluster that is clearly meant for PvE besides shoulder charge, so if it isn't a OHK then it would be so weak in PvE that you essentially waste a node. Fuck. Every time I think about it I hate that we have to choose clusters.
I just don't want it to be useless in PvE. Which is looking like it will be. No health regen on shoulder charge is crippling in PvE. If it does low damage on top of that? Ugh.
But you are missing my point. Those requirements and those requirements alone do not make one fit for presidency. A mentally incapable person should not run a country. Trump isn't too far off from that. Why do you think the entire world is now dealing with the States individually and ignoring the White House? Because the entire planet is just 'butthurt'? Come on, get realistic here. By the way, what you're saying is not true anyway. Even if you have all those requirements, you can still rightfully get impeached. He may or may not, but the fact people are looking into it and Trump is already getting legal counsel on impeachment shows you're wrong.
What kind of a thought process did you go through when you wrote that? Are you suggesting human beinga can prevent all crashes at all times? Or are you suggesting only people in a group to whom you not belong can cause dangerous situations? Jesus.
Hot
Admirable, but a lie. Everyone changes if you are in a society. I would not be naked near a woman because it will creep her out and make her think I might be up to something. That is behavior I changed. If it were completely up to me, I would be naked if it is 30 degrees out and I'm by the water. It makes no logical sense not to be, except social expectations.
People who claim Comey confirmed he gave no order paid no attention. Comey said he interpreted Trumps words as an order, even if they were not on paper. Him getting fired after he refused also proves that it was. Why do you think the people questioning Comey called the testimony deeply disturbing against Trump if he was clean?
I once offered to split the bill on a date. Holy crap. I now tell beforehand, not during, I have no intention of paying for someone else because I'm a guy.
More couragous than I'll ever be.
You'd probably be wise to read the responses of the legal experts in this matter. They showcase how Trump's lawyer, and you, have no leg to stand on bith legally and logically.
This sounds more like you have no clue what is going on.
You know, I've been wondering something. When you make that stuff up, do you actually believe it?
She took a shot to the face.
It puts emphasis on the fact she was not democratically chosen. In reality, that basically makes her an oppressor.
Not as trendy as putting your head in the sand, it seems.
... Why try to let it go? She'll do it again. Your son is probably better off with divorced parents who are happy than a broken home. I don't know your exact situation of course, so definitely not telling you what to do. You know your situation better. But staying for the act of staying alone is likely never the right solution.
More because they ban accounts that do not agree with their viewpoints. Posting systematic reviews on climate change will get you banned, as they do not like the results. Same with immigration, same with economical projections for the wall. Anything that is true that they don't want to be, is being blocked. They are literally living in their own bubble.
The difference in your analogy is the fighters know and do not deny the consequences.
Haha, I guess we can add 'knowing how the internet works' to your list of misconceptions. Thanks for the laugh though.
'What's up man, what are you doing'? 'I cannot tell you. But can you say dingleberry 100 times and I will give you a million bucks for it'. Followed the lackluster instructions.
Free pack, 50 gold and 135 Dust. I mean, yeah, by all means increase it. But you got quite a bit of stuff.
Nice comeback. You almost reached the IQ of a fishstick. You'll get there one day.
'At what point does America get demeaned? At what point do they start laughing at us, as a country?' When you became their president. Why do you think the climate agreement is now being handled with the States individually rather than including you as a president?
It is. When you loan money at the bank with 10% interest, the agreed term is you pay an additional 10% of the loaned sum. That means that money isn't yours anymore. If they then tell you you get to keep it, you made money. It's also why taking a day off from work costs money. Because you don't get the money you were going to make when working (depending on the job obviously).
Is your mom going to claim half of that painting?
I do not agree with her deserving punishment. If she does, every single parent does. Because they all teach things that don't work. And that is all this was, a technique that doesn't work. The kid suffered no damage whatsoever from this.
It happens. Build another one and try again.
She put 0 effort into get it on it.
There is literally nothing misleading about the title.
The announcement is tomorrow. The actual content will likely come out in November though.
I'm actually going to play both Destiny 2 and Anthem. Between content releases, I was already searching for another one of those games.
Don't pin me on this, but I don't remember seeing a 'exclusive' tag. I am assuming it will be on everything.
No, that's not how it works. They are two studios working on two projects, not one studio who worked on all of them. The studio that worked on Andromeda was completely focused on it. Nothing took priority over it. Believe it or not, but game development is harder than you think it is. Sometimes stuff goes wrong, for one of a gazzilion possible reasons. For whatever reason, Andromeda was scrapped and restarted at least once, a year and a half or so ago. Possibly more frequently than that. It can happen. Anthem had nothing to do with it though.
The fact they purposefully changed every male character to female, just so there would be an entire crew of females, is sexist. Sexism can go both ways, but new age feminists don't like not being in the victim role.
How self centered are you to think you can speak for everyone of a group you assign yourself to? I happen to be Israeli and I don't agree with it at all. Don't try to speak for anyone but yourself.
Yes, clearly I am the one.
I really liked what I saw and heard from Jake Solomon. The Rulers were easily my favorite addition of DLC, so having three new ones in the sense of the Chosen, that have an even larger impact on the game is fantastic. I am minorly disappointed the new classes are hero classes though. I want to have more than one. I would have liked it better if they only allowed you to field one of each type or something, but still have more of them in case one dies. I like the sound of the Lost too. Yeah, can't wait to play.
Three factions added that can be allied by XCOM. Each faction will give you one three new heroic classes, Reaper, Skirmisher and Templar. Three Chosen that fight for the Aliens. Similar to Rulers show up over the course of the game. The Chosen will increase in power from mission to mission, attempt to capture XCOM operatives and interogate them, then assault XCOM HQ. You need to destroy their hideout to get rid of them for good. The Lost are a new faction without allies. They show up only in missions outside of Advent's dystopian cities, in a new locale which is basically the destroyed cities of the first invasion. If they show up, they will overrun you and the Aliens in that mission forcing you to extract. Several new enemy types for Advent and the Aliens. Several new weapons and items for XCOM. Two soldiers can now gain benefits from each other and unlock new perks. There is more stuff on the Steam page.
It is simultaneous.
He was an american citizen.
This comment string is dedicated to you not understanding that the travel ban did not nothing to block terrorism and did everything to block Americans.
It isn't your duty. You clearly have no understanding of anything related to this, so it's best to leave it to others.
No. Do you? You are prepared to block off anyone who you perceive as a threat, and your threat detection skill is as spot on as a softly cooked fishstick's.
The first step to your cowardice enforced by stupidity. 1: It doesn't help, at all. 2: You thinking it does shows you haven't done the research and are unknowledable on the subject. 3: Acting out of ignorance is a strong sign of fear. You're not the tough guy you think you are. You are a scared man.
Yes
I don't know what is more depressing, the fact many people apparently didn't figure this out or the fact many people claim their 'childhood is ruined' post facto.
It says in the article. He red phoned Russia and basically threatened them this type of attack needed to stop immediately.
Don't concern yourself with people that aren't open to reason. They are only looking to confirm what they want to be true and nothing else.
I have no proof it will be the new subclass. I am guessing that is what it is.
'The law' has nothing to do with it, this is why I know you didn't read it. In short, Israel obtained critical information and relayed it to the US. This caused a much needed increase in security to terrorist threats. Instead of appreciating the intel, Trump quickly shows he cares way more about his Russian comrades, so tells them everything, knowing they would leak to Iran, which they did, who would leak it back to Syria, which Israel is not friendly with. Additionally, the terrorists have now been alerted what and who to look out for. In short, Trump cares more about selling his secrets to Russia than he does maintaining diplomatic relations and defending against terrorism. But hey! A proven ineffective ban on immigrants will protect you, not proven intel, right? And who cares that the world is dealing outside of the US president and have every reason not to trust him anyway? 'The law' says he could, so there. Fantastic argument. Is that the same argument you'll use if your girlfriend cheats on you with your best friend? It is not against the law after all.
Not in the Witcher fan bubble, no. No offense intended, but Witcher fans keep telling other Witcher fans how good Witcher is, which leads them to believe it is the best game ever made. Elder Scrolls fans will almost asuredly like another Elder Scrolls way more than Witcher. As someone who isn't necessarily a fan of either, I still prefer Elder Scrolls.
Nintendo never left, but for a gamer like me, they did when they went after the mass market and seemingly didn't care about me anymore. But now they absolutely are back. Everything about this new Mario looks dumb as hell, in a great way. Heck, the villain is an evil wedding planning firm. Like... What.
Agreed. I also find the class system more fun in Skyrim.
That's just not true at all.
Almost everyone still. My brother is gay. People say they are OK with it, but when guys hear it they stop hanging out with him out of fear he would want them, which he already clarified he does not. There's lots of pretending to approve, you're right about that though.
That's not at all what he meant. He meant that if you didn't play Destiny, then Destiny 2 will still make sense. They won't be dropping names expecting you to know who it is, they won't expect you to have read the Book of Sorrow, and so on and so forth. He didn't say nor mean that all that stuff is thrown in the dumpster. Here is what will happen: they will reintroduce the Fallen for example. Their major backstory and lore will still remain true, they will just retell it (or tell it in the first place really).
It's more like getting a pregnancy test after protected sex. It's just not that useful.
Yeah maybe. But having to be close enough to melee alone sounds too risky in endgame activities. Not to mention you have to get a kiling blow to get anything out of it. With no invis and such that sounds a bit not very easy.
Good job reading. Pretty much everything I didn't say.
Trash mobs are mods you kill easily. Yes, I use Fist of Havoc all the time on things that aren't trash mobs, but that's besides the point. Yeah, I do think Striker looks better. More damage on aerial smashes are great in PvE, disortientation from Super seems more useful to me too than from a charged melee (because disorienting only a single target has never been that strong, it's about hitting a small group). I'm not going to pretend it doesn't have perks I find 'eh...' but Arcstrider doesn't have perks that make me think 'wow'. I get what you are saying about the game being different, but from everything we've seen and heard, it is not that crazy to assume that the combat and encounters are pretty similar on some key levels. Inverted Spire for instance looked like a very good Strike. But it looked like a Strike. At this point I don't think it is absurd to speculate about these perks.
That's not really proof that Trump didn't fire him over it.
As I said before, I am sure I'm just not seeing it. But I am not. Don't get me wrong, I understand the synergy potential, I just have a hard time visualizing it working really well in endgame PvE. In all honesty, I kind of doubt Arcstrider will be chosen over Gunslinger for PvE even. It sounds useful in PvP though. And nah, Titans do reloading better. Namely, they don't have to reload at all when the barrier is up, not even an animation, and it applies to teammates at well. With some type of reloading perk, I see that Dodge animation taking longer than actually reloading sometimes.
Imagine having 23 million bucks. That's like... Getting a million dollars. 23 times! Wow. Or like being a 11.5 millionaire and in an instant doubling your funds. Damn. Or getting one hundred thousand dollars as a 22.9 millionaire. Sick.
True, but that is to the barricades benefit. If you fight a Raid boss you can put down the barricade then the Warlock's Empowering Rift in it and have the entire team DPS for increased damage while not having to reload for the entire phase. I just don't see that type of usecase for the Arcstrider. But yes, I will wait and see. Contrary to how it was taken, this isn't meant as a complaint thread, just giving my thoughts. I think Arcstrider will be a PvP class and will not be used much in PvE once a meta sets in. But I could obviously be wrong. I wouldn't be surprised if I was, but I do think I have more chance of being right on that.
Well, we'd really have to look at the Raid design to answer the question if people can choose whatever they want. As for Ward of Dawn, the way Luke described it, I infer that you hold down your Super button to place it **instead** of activating your regular Sentinel super and it just sits there in one spot, like it does now. If you read the interview, it sounds like that is what he is saying. And yeah, I'm sure Arcstrider will not be useless. But I just see a lot more value in other subclasses. Gunslinger too. Looking at those perk clusters, they look real good.
You should have called him Xûr instead. That way, he would only require your attention on weekends. Sweet freedom during the week.
Cool, but not Ward of Dawn cool.
If you die, the ghosts of your teammates should say 'veteran down' instead of 'guardian down'. Also, veterans should get yellow health bars like majors.
Wait... We knew this already from the reveal event?
Easily so, yes.
Yeah, it looked really cool. I really liked that lead dev getting a callout from Miyamoto tearing him up. That's passion right there.
I can't believe how many people actually believe he doesn't remember. It's just a clever lie people. He gets to deny the accusations or avoid the questions, while simultaneously appearing to not have lied if the truth ia uncovered.
I fail to see how this is news to anyone, unless you didn't know everything you post on Facebook is being sold including emails, all your whatsapp phone numbers are being sold too.
Eh, not a big Long War fan, so that doesn't really matter to me. I assume they will though. They have been updating Long War continously.
I'm guessing 29 - 39
Wow, what did I say?
In Long War, alerted enemies have a chance to get a free shot before their turn activates.
I share Jake's curiosity for wanting to know how they will handle autopsies.
I wish they did the same with the regular Advent troopers that have three variaties.
It runs pretty well for me.
I mean, if you intend to play both if you like what you play, then start with Enemy Within. If you only want to play one, it surely has to be XCOM 2. It is better in lots of different ways.
Yes, that's what I'm saying.
When uncovered, the Aliens scamper for cover. In Long War, when uncovered, they will scamper and shoot. And then get their turn. That is what you are describing. Otherwise, it isn't possible.
Keanu Reeves.
A law professor is a legal expert. He teaches law to those that go practice law.
You should meet with a law professor.
Yes.
I am wondering two things. Was Trump powerless to stop it and does he have any evidence that they are supporting terrorism? If the decision was made in 2016, then perhaps they had no idea they were funding terrorism (if they are) and surely the president can revoke such a deal upon learning the terrorist nature of it. It is difficult to slice this news in a way that doesn't make Trump look bad to be honest.
This happened in my school.
[Happens.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_terrorism)
[Happens. Frequently.](http://www.dailywire.com/news/5190/5-times-transgender-men-abused-women-and-children-amanda-prestigiacomo)
Read some comments, did some Google searches, almost every claim was false. People really just assume they know things. I'm no different btw, but it is a good realization moment that people saying things really don't matter.
Confirmed they don't. Also, Rulers have been reworked to no longer take reaction moves on certain actions such as reloading your weapon. I really liked the Rulers though.
No. Just okay XCOM 2 now. The base game is dense, bolting this onto it is more like playing a new game.
Yes, but we don't know the amount.
Long War is extremely overpraised. I haven't talked to anyone in depth who has not dropped off because of how long and tedious it gets.
No offense, but it sounds like you were bad at the game. 2 offers way more tactical options than EU did. I had a hard time with Impossible in EU, but Legend in 2 felt easy by comparison.
You got 3 likes? I'm not seeing it. Either way, numbers never matter. Of course your opinion is valid, but that doesn't mean there is something wrong with the game itself if you don't like playing it. I don't like my ex, doesn't mean she is a shit person (though seriously fuck that bitch).
Yeah, that's completely untrue. This is Reddit, which doesn't house the majority of the player base. Steam user reviews, user critic reviews and critic reviews all pretty much align that the game is a very positive experience. So if numbers matter, they are not on your side. Furthermore, they simply do not matter. Here I am modding the shit out if my game to make it more challenging and here you are claiming the base game on a lower difficulty setting is too hard. You can't say I'm wrong, neither can I say that of you. You're just focusing on your own opinion here and dismiss any that don't align with it.
There is almost no information in this post and what there is is incomplete. There are mallicious mods for GTA V that do more than simply break the game. There are so harmful that they actually break the law in several countries and Russia has taken a step to threaten with a lawsuit. This is why it is taken down. Furthermore, this does not affect modding in general at all and they are working to get modding back a different way. No, I will still buy their games and I bet GTAV will rise high on the Steam Sales as well. This is people having a tantrum. 2K is not the enemy.
There are mods that violate the law. They are forced to shut it down until they figure out how to deal with it. The request to boycott them is unfounded.
Do it. This is a nonsense post anyway. Someone is unhappy so tells everyone to boycott. Yeah, no.
Yeah, but I am starting to get doubts. I bet it will be identical to the first one.
You misunderstand, I am not saying we know everything about the Stranger, I am saying that they, too, have no clue. They never wrote down the answers to any of the questions you ask and I fully believe that they looked at her for Destiny 2's story but at some point just felt constrained if they needed to keep her.
I want only one thing from Shadow of War and that is for it to not be as ridiculously easy as the first game was. Nemesis-what? Didn't die in over 7 hours so for all I know that stuff may as wel not exist.
Okay then, I guess OpenIV lied about the details Take Two provided them for the shutdown. Take Two also lied. On top of that, OpenIV is 100% legal, but still complied to shut down for no reason. Official statements from both parties state otherwise, but sure.
What president tweets 'witch hunt' in regards to himself? Seriously,why ever vote for such a person?
99% chance of winning means 1% chance of losing. I'm not sure why so many people misunderstand probability, but it is not a forecast. It is probability, nothing else.
No.
It's not absurd for two reasons. Ghaul is a true warrior, like Crota. Crota killed many, many Guardians. We were part of the team that finally took him down, but that doesn't mean it was easy. We face Ghaul alone when he beats us down. Additionally, he likely does this when he has stolen our Light, which means all the powers we used to beat his like in the first place are gone.
Agreed. That's what I'm saying. Right now, everyone assumes there will be three without doubting it at all. They did confirm the beta is 6 though.
They did, yeah.
I mean, that is precisely what they did for the first Year of Destiny: an empty subclass slot staring you in the face. I'm not saying you're wrong, I'm just saying it is still not confirmed.
The plans for the third subclass were there from the beginning for Destiny. They pusposefully left us woth an empty slot for a year with the intention of selling it later. I'm not saying they absolutely will do that again, but I am also not confident they won't.
By the way, that subclass locking was just part of your ability tree, not the slots, as seen in the Alpha. You could lock every subclass and having a third slot means you could only lock one.
I didn't say they were done before the game shipped. I said they had planned it.
It happens because people do it. Websites gladly scare away people if it means they get more people elsewhere.
The point is they still have an opinion, even if it is bad.
You're American, I'm guessing?
You're hired.
Day/month for me. Why not start with the day? The month rarely matters. We live day to day, not month to month.
No, you don't. Because reading is a terrible way to tell a story in a videogame and this basically means I won't be told everything if I don't read it.
But again though, we live from day to day. If it's the 1st and you make an appointment for the third, why start with the month name? I guess it makes sense to you because you're used to it and vice versa.
No, we won't. 6 subclasses in beta.
Seems to me like Titans got buffed significantly. Striker is no longer an odd man out in PvE and seems slightly more effective in PvP. Sentinel's killing power is greatly increased, while still maintaining Ward of Dawn as an option. It's a good time to main a Titan.
I really like Luke Smith, as a person and designer. But I actually am less a fan of his Raid design. I think the static mechanics of King's Fall are less interesting than the more fluid ones in Wrath.
They doubled down on turn timers and avoiding fights. I didn't like Long War, but I understood why people liked it. I have no idea why anyone likes LW2,unless you didn't get very far. The first 5-10 hours are pretty fun though. Also, it is waaaaaaay too long. It took me 90 hours before I said, fuck it this isn't fun.
Fair enough, I still think it takes way too long though. And to be brutally honest, I don't really like the classes. I like it when classes are very powerful, but enemies are too. I modded my game to have variations on Berserkers. Some of them have 51 health, regenerate health each turn, have insane movement range, have Implacable and resistance to explosives and if they die, they revive on the next turn with 8 health instead. They are truly scary! But I like that.
I mean, they want to trickle out news over a long period of time. It makes no sense to dump all the info immediately and then have almost three months of time between so hype dies down and people forget about your game.
Seriously, nothing about this makes any sense. Why on earth would you take a vote among people who have no idea what happened, have no experience in such a field and have not seen any evidence, then take the results of a mass vote to prove... What? I don't like Trump. But this piece only proves people have opinions about things they know little about.
I took time off from work. Intent to play through the night, but if the qeue is insane, I'll just go to sleep. Except I won't be able to, so I'll play War of the Chosen and watch my qeue go down on the other screen until I can play.
Could be Arc Burn?
What's weird to me is LW2 made timers even worse by adding way more enemies and making the map way bigger so it takes longer to get to evac, yet people praise the shit out of that mod. I don't get it.
In short: fallacies.
I hate to tell you this but UK =/= EU. They actually left it, which is big part of the reason their country is in disarray. I live right below them in the Netherlands and we are one of the most free countries on earth, moreso than America. We currently have had succesful elections and are in the process of forming the government while the US put a cheating baby with attention issues in power who has his interests somewhere else entirely than at his country. Don't project your bullshit onto me just because you don't know what you're talking about.
I heard they changed something like that in 1.3. I only played up until 1.2 and it was not at all the case then. It was 8 turns for most objectives, 12 for some. Coupled with map size that was sometimes almost double that of vanilla, it became impossible to complete the objective sometimes.
Short answer: long answer.
Not at all, because LW2 has broken mission selection, the ones with 8 turns must have been the ones I was able to do most of the time. Also, let me be clear that 12 turns is also nowhere near enough for most missions. Vanilla XCOM 2 had the 8-12 turn timer split, and people complained about it. LW2 has way larger maps and way more enemies to fight. By default, the same turn timers in those circumstances become even harsher. Which is what was my point.
Yeah, I hated that too. I play XCOM for various reasons. I love building my characters and customizing them, I love modding the gsme to make it way harder in certain respects and easier in others sometimes. I love the progression, but most of all: I love the tactical combat. LW2 felt designed to avoid that as much as possible. I didn't like it.
Question #6
This isn't the only unit they added to the game. There will be aliens as well. The nrw stealth one sounds pretty cool.
Think about it yourself for as long as it took you to write this thread and you would have an answer with simple common sense. But hey, I'm in a helpful if slightly sarcastic mood, so I'll answer anyway by writing your question out. 'Will the game overhaul mod that was released earlier this year that has tons of class overrides have no issues whatsoever with the upcoming official DLC that isn't built for any one specific mod as soon as it comes out'?
I heard many people think SPARK's are bad. I'm im a minority but I really like them.
Really? You just missed one like a day ago. It was 60% off.
Lots of people praise long war, I never liked it. Tedious doesn't even hit the ballpark of what it is. It takes sooooooo long and not in a good way.
Only happened to me in LW.
I mean, it is almost certainly a mod issue, whichever mod it may be (it was LW2 for me), so expecting DLC to fix bugs in certain mods seems like a weird expectation.
Not disputing any of that, but that seems besides the point here. He called out that he 'missed' upgrades in the beginning and it handicapped him all the way through. There isn't anything in the game that is missable and fits that description.
Let me preface this by saying I am not angry at anyone, including you. Text can seem hostile rather quickly. That being said, you are wrong there. If you 'missed' magnetic weapons for instance, you can research them later in like 3 days. If you 'missed' any of the research paths to more powerful weapons, you can research rhe entire thing up to and including plasma weapons within a month. 'Missing an upgrade so you suffer from it for your entire playthrough' simply does not exist. Not to mention, the interviewer was attacking XCOM 2 specifically in relation the EU. Upgrading techs is more simple in X2 because it actually tells you what it yields. I don't want to be 'that' guy, but I honestly think the interviewer is mistaken somewhere. He obviously thought his playthrough was handicapped, but I think he was just frustrated and didn't understand that it wasn't.
Huh?
Movies have taught be Americans are brave. Forgive me for taking a scene from movies, that is indeed kinda dumb.
Destiny 3, year 2 DLC
Where do you get the idea that it is just a gimmick gun when a sentence before that you admit you don't know what the perks on it are? Talk about premature.
There is a mod that adds faces to female characters. They look pretty good.
Destroyer's female faces or something. Google will certainly get you there.
Bolt-Caster is my favorite swords. Don't let the fact that it deals the least damage of the Exotic swords make you think it is a shit weapon. The fact it has range makes it better in most situations. It deals more damage than a non-Gjallarhorn rocket and its 'pop-and-leave' attack nature makes it way safer to deal high damage.
Yeah, it kinda sucks, but seems to be the only way to do it for now.
The truth.
Not excusing any of this, but it is a good reminder that logic should go above your sense of self righteousness. North Korea is insane and puposefully breaking their laws as a single, powerless person is just not smart, no matter how right you are.
Same here. I believe it was week 4. Pretty early.
From a gameplay perspective, I'd say that is somewhat tricky but acceptable. You can remove the quirk and having a powerful class have some additional downsides is not necessarily broken (Abomination has that). However, it doesn't make a single shred of sense from a lore perspective. 'I love flaggelation! Also, I won't flaggelate because fuck that shit'.
100%-ting a game isn't my type of thing, but yeah, I can see if you're into that that this is a good piece of DLC for that type of play.
Is he? The quirk says he is faithless. Except he is religious. The character is bound to flaggelation, except he hates flaggelation. Doesn't make sense to me.
His heal heals himself too though. So being able to use it every single time when you want to is not realistic.
Well, my Flagellant just got the Flagellant quirk, meaning he only will flagellate in town for stress relief. I kind of doubt this is intentional. That is a quirk I wish would become severe.
True enough. He does seem better than the Vestal, but just less reliable.
Not necessarily a point to it. I just wanted to experience the game with the DLC unlocked from the start.
I never use it.
Just tell the friend to lie to her mom. I'm 29 and I still lie to my mom as a reflex. Tell the mom she is creating space between her and the daughter and she will learn to lie because she is being surpressed. It is the truth.
You can't do anything about it. People like to tell themselves their suspicion is what keeps rapists away. It's confirmarion bias.
Indeed. Mine has it, I hope it isn't replaced.
Ah! That's good. An event told me 'X has resisted the urge of the Crimson Curse... For now'. I assumed that meant I had to feed him. But it means he took some blood on his own?
What the hell?
You might want to tighten that story a bit.
Blames you for her mistakes and dishonesty. Classic bitch.
50% of people cheat and it grows to 70% if the relationship lasts longer than two years. The kicker is that these statistics are gathered through admittance, so the actual percentage is likely higher. I'm telling you right now, exclusive relationships aren't the way to go. Just make good rules and be open and honest about who you're doing. It makes your relationship stronger on the one hand. On the other, avoiding an exclusive relationship means you avoid getting cheated on. Trust is a good thing and statistics have shown it is completely misplaced in relationships.
You shouldn't trust anyone. Almost all women I have ever met cheat. Just do an open relationship and make solid rules together, that insipres a stronger connection and trust.
Don't do exclusive relationships my friend. Over 70% of people cheat and there is just no way to know if your girl is going to be like that. Better to be honest and open about things. It's like weed. If it's legal, people abuse it less and are happier with the government.
So many girls do that, it's insane. As if their moms told them when they were young that their dreams were visions and they still believe it.
She was clearly cheating. That's why sex stops.
Prenub man, always do a prenub.
Because the former cannot be controlled. Things evolve. The virus will always exist. It is better to be immune to it.
He massacred me because of the Level 1 dungeon expectation. When I knew what to expect, I went in there with a Hellion, Flagellant, Houndmaster and Arbalest and completely annihilated him without taking a lot of damage.
A non-issue.
I have to hand it to them for recognizing that the internet has become too much a part of daily life, and banning someone from it is essentially a sentenced penalty, like not allowing one to leave the country. Imagine if an old fart was in charge if these decisions. They'd ban you from the internet for the most minor offence.
Wrong. Police officers have been fired and sentenced based on video evidence. There are situations where an officer has to shoot. An officer shooting someone is not always unlawful contrary to what you seem to suggest.
There are better ways to get rid of it in 30 seconds.
Ah, an unsatisfied player who uses a dollar sign to replace a letter in the company name of the videogame he dislikes. Good one.
Are we making fun of being a doctor as a profession now? What exactly do people like you want people to do for work? There's nothing left you people haven't damned yet.
Anecdotally, I share his views on flu shots. I've had them for 6 years. I got sick at least 4 times a year during that time. Ever since I stopped taking them, I got sick 8 times, total (kept track). Which is across 9 years.
It is in a fair amount of countries. The US is usually behind on rights compared to the rest of the western world. Just look at gay marriage. They'll eventually follow suit since facts don't lie. It will actually be hilarious because once anti-vaxxers press the issue enough, it will eventually have to be settled in court, in which case court will decide in favor of facts.
Identifying as a phone is not psychologically valid.
Based on the footage we have seen so far, I would say no. Seems too strong too be roaming. FoH was noticably reduced in AoE, but Nova Bomb just drops additional bombs now it seems like. The fact it appears stronger than before makes me think not.
You mean facts? If you are so stuck up about yourself that you won't acknowledge facts about the necessity of vaccination and think you have more medical knowledge because you read something on a website, then you should really be mocking yourself.
Going to the beach and having to put on clothes. 1. It's hot, you don't needclothes. 2. You'll swim, you don't need clothes. 3. 100% of beaches are not places for housing or social convienences like supermarkets. No one 'has' to go there. Just let me swim and tan the way that makes sense. If people want to wear clothes, that's totally cool, but don't force me to.
I wouldn't presume to know, but I lost 6000+ Dust a month back. Never gave anyone my info. This story doesn't seem improbable from my perspective.
Doesn't really resemble to be honest, even besides the hair. Would sooner look like the chick from the Girl Next Door.
True. We'll have to see.
Ah, didn't realize it didn't before.
Insults are not necessary, and it's best for yourself if you stop with the backhands as well. You're smart enough to know I have nothing to apologize for, nor that I will. If you want to discuss this, let's keep it on topic. You seem to have a distrust for scientists. Is there any reason in particilar that made you think of them in such a way? A logical look at cause and effect reveals that in order to reach a conclusion that can be called 'truth', studies need to set up experiments and the methods and results thereof should be accurately reproducable, valid and trustworthy. As it stands, claims that vaccinations are hazardous to health beyond the warned possible side-effects has never been measured in a valid way and any research claiming it has been impossible to reproduce. On the flip side, there is overwhelming evidence in RCT's and especially systematic reviews that showcase valid, trustworthy and reproducable results that vaccinations do as claimed. What happened that made you untrustworthy of such research and the people who have performed it? We are talking of hundreds of scientists, each wanting to break through with discovery and nothing would do that more than being able to prove vaccinatons are unhealthy. Thus, they have been incredibly motivated to prove it, yet have found nothing for over 10 years now and only reaffirm the established fact further. Again, I am genuinely curious what makes you so disdained for the practice.
You mistake how much time they have. In the weeks towards release, they spend on average 18 hours a day working on the game, and even then it ships with bugs they are aware of and simply don't have the time to fix. This isn't about having time for beards, it is about having time for 1 million and 1 different things and then still beards also. They really do not have the time to spare. They can put beards in if they want, and something else will not make it in if they do. I have no idea what choice they have to make, but they decided no to beards because of it.
Oh yeah, I meant no offense at your creation skills :)
That's not why something like this exists. It is there as mental health care. It prevents you from being forced to so a job you do not want. It can take up to 20 years to change fields if you are depending solely on yourself. This makes sure you can do it in as little as 6 months. The pay might be the same, or even less than what you earned. But it is about happiness.
Are we sure he is suffering and not being crazy adolescent? Dogs do this stuff, cats too. I know nothing about rabbits, but I wouldn't assume it is suffering just like that?
I have explained to you before how evidence works. To retread shortly: there is overwhelming evidence vaccines prevent deadly diseases, and no evidence of the contrary. I asked you why your trust was swayed so much. Clearly you have a reason to not trust it and I am curious to hear it. Genuinely curious I should add, not in a sarcastic way.
He can because he is allowed to by the people. I dislike Trump, do not get me wrong, but the lack of action on citizen's part to get him impeached is insane. And all because you think you are powerless. Really, tell me what do you think will happen when 60% of the American people all go to the streets together, united and protest. You tell me, one week tops and things will get spun in motion. The US is still, somewhere, a democratic country. Such a mass protest will have effect, I guarantee you.
He would have said if that was the case.
He didn't mention if it works retroactively. It might not.
Notice how all religious defenders in this video don't actually outline any arguments against this. Even the man at the end misses the point: I love my wife so long as she shuts up then? You're not disproving anything. The lady was the most hilarious. She didn't even address the passage and just mentioned something else entirely. It's like if someone says: I think black people should not have any rights; then be like: yeah, well, coffee makes you more alert. It's true. ... Okay?
No offense intended, but the evidence on the table is not in favor of an anti-vaccine stance. It is difficult to grasp your reasoning if you are unwilling to explain, but I am aware that something must have swayed you in the position you are in.
This seems weird to me. I suppose it is a manifesation of love, but it still seems a bit awkward.
I just want alarms to go off and see the Cabal ships when in the Tower the day before D2 launches.
I've been playing since launch and experienced no extensive glitches. You need to stop listening to critica about this. Batman Arkham city worked perfectly for me too. Everything they claim is trash worked fine. Then, DOOM hit, no mention of bad performance by any critic. And then... Snap. Crashes every 20 minutes and clipped through the floor instantly dying and resetting progress 60+ times. It was the most busted game I have played in recent memory. Never ever listen to performance complaints. Just buy the game and if they are actually there for you, refund. It's that simple.
And no veteran rewards.
Congratiolations on doing character migration 100% wrong Bungie. We want the veteran rewards and 100% of us seriously dislike how our characters look. And now you are forcing us to choose. Damn. Couldn't have done a worse job here, I have to say.
In the article it specifies them to the character. If you don't import your character, your accomplishments won't either. Which means no rewards.
You know, I'm starting to doubt if they even added more customization options for D2. Might just be identical to D1.
Hm, you know what, I hope you're right.
Musashi's classes are all excellent.
It is a good point that there are different types of reports. However, in this context it seems clear this is regarding an investigative report which more closely aligns itself with the description I mentioned.
There is exactly one reason why I am sometimes considering playing EW over X2 and that is Meld. I love the Meld mechanic. Similar to the timers in X2, it pushes you forward, however, it is optional. I am not opposed to timers but I feel they aren't handled well in X2. True Concealment should have been a default mechanic. But man, MEC's and especially gene modded soldiers I really miss.
No, that is not what it shows. It shows the first revival of your character proper to the story of the game, not the actual date you as a player started playing. It says first revival is something like 2355 AD for instance.
With a surge of new players, it would mean 10% of people would be considered veterans at best. That is even more meaningful than flawless Trials has been so far.
I think all my 3 characters are fine, but I would like more customization options still.
We were in this case talking of all Raid completions. And even the number of people that completed one Raid was 25%,so it's even lower for all Raids. That is 5 million out of those 20 million. We can expect more people will play D2 than just the same people, so that percentage will shrink further. So you wouldn't see almost everyone with an icon. More like every 5th or 10th person you see.
They die. They are bulls.
Above you.
It's not the purpose of this photo comparison.
Did she ask/tell him to not do it again or did she immediately ran and tell? Not saying he should have without being told no, but it is an innocent thing for many people and you can't just assume foul intend.
That seems a bit silly for over 3 years of work.
Active means active, not available. And no, all energy weapons deal increased damage regardless of element.
Don't you need to get less than 0.0? I have gathered all celestial weapons more than 10 times and I feel like I hit 0.0 once and did not complete it. Only -0.1 does and less does.
When something like this ticks you off so much you have to post about it on the internet.
The government should not have a stance on gay rights? They are the only ones that *should* have a stance on it.
No. There is no asynchronous play.
Partially true. The thing that isn't is that more and more people demand to see sources, not less. In this topic however, that headline is no lie.
DSIII's biggest problem is that it does nothing new, so obviously if you play it first, you're not going to notice that. But having the fourth or fifth game in your series be the least new and complex is a bad thing.
I like how all the Hindsight masters come out to something like this. I guarantee every single one of you would have gotten bit also, because you have no idea how to think on your feet.
If we assume I am incorrect in thinking most bathrooms will actually give you dirtier hands when washing them; I honestly don't think it matters. Unless poo.
They are good in Corona.
If I was a good MMA fighter this is the song I would walk out on actually. It has that 'epic shit is about to go down' theme to it, without being an orchastra-epic-movie-theme. It's very relaxing, yet pressing. It's either this or the track from Bourne.
Not sure I understand you there, but I think it's more for your peace of mind than anything else. Which is fair, I always wash my hands after pooing and should hope others do the same. Yet if they don't, I doubt it actually makes a difference in terms of illness and such. I just don't wash my hands after peeing. It's just not gross to me.
The assault rifle you start the game with. Oldest Legendary is probably The Devil You Know and oldest Exotic is Year 1 Thorn.
I don't know why people so desperately want some bad minigame with the ship that isn't fun. I would take the ship being just cosmetic over having dumb space fights which they clearly won't have the time to get right anyway. Maybe D3.
Stop being a pussy and remove him from your friends list. You make your own choices and if he can't accept that block him. Remove him.
The problem is in Destiny it would have to be a recurring activity. I can't even play Sparrow Racing for a week, it's that gimmicky. They just need to focus on making the good parts fantastic. Not having them be just OK in favor of bolting on some gimmicks.
And these comments are somehow the worst thing I've read today.
No offense, but everything you describe shows a lack of knowledge in both how things are created and how much time it costs. How long do you think it would would take to create something like that? A month? Nowhere near close. Yet, they don't even have a month to spare. Heck, not even a week. It was either complete crap and let the core game suffer or don't make it. And thankfully, they chose the latter option.
ROI had not a single new gameplay mechanic and it was created in over 9 months. It is game development. Ask them. They are probably entering crunch pretty soon which means 16 hour work days at least, that's without having to worry about ships. I was also not talking about D2's entire lifespan. I still doubt they would allot the time to it the next three years, but is is possible they would.
I said it would take way more than a month and they don't have that kind of time to spare.
D2 was supposed to come out last year. They delayed it a full year, not even attempting to get it out before the fiscal year ended, which means it really was nowhere close to being finished. What do you think they are doing now at Bungie? Cracking jokes and hanging around the coffee machine? Every single game that is released is always super close to being delayed. No one takes more time than they require. This is how game development works. In the week before D2 launches, you bet some guys there are pulling all-nighters to finish things up. It's just how it goes. Having extra time never happens.
Yes, it is implausible. I am pointing out to you that they are working at least 16 hours a day without this ship mode and you still seem to think they can pull three months of work out of nowhere. How? There is no time.
I told you before, I was talking about at launch. From my first to last comment.
And look at what I replied to that. You seem to be focused more on what you say rather than actually reading what I said.
Nope, that was not my reply to that.
http://imgur.com/O1kRUiF
Saying a player should self-impose restrictions to make a game less snowballing easy is not a very convincing argument. As I said before, games that purposefully make you stronger are fine, but games that remain challenging are equally valid. That is achieved through game design, not self-imposed restrictions.
Because I felt it was self explanatory we were looking at this with some sense of realistic feasibility. At least I was. I also want to have 10 subclasses for each class, but that also won't happen.
That's not consistent with his statement though. He is referring to random talents. There were no random stats on weapons. Each named weapon always dropped with static, identical stats. Only the perks were ever random.
There is probably a reason they haven't shown the weapon upgrade paths yet. I bet they are quite different from what we had before.
Ah, right.
GIVE IT TO MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
I don't want to see him nerfed into the ground. Here is what I would do: * 200 Stress = Heart Attack as usual. * Punish can no longer hit third position. * Death's Door debuffs still do not apply to him, but will inflict -10% to his healing skills. * Increased likelihood of not wanting to stop flagellating in town. Perfect.
That's not a free ticket to insult and chastise someone. Your comment would apply if OP came to them for money. Not if he's just minding his own business.
Okay, so you're making 6 assumptions to come to your conclusion. Very admirable you don't see any flaws in your logic.
I have Schrödinger's happiness. There are two ways to look at this. 1. If the content weren't exclusive, the content in question would be available for everyone immediately and therefor show up in rotation making it actually viable to be played frequently in activities that matter. As opposed to once, then never again for at least a year until the content is no longer exclusive. In this case: **not happy**. 2. If the content weren't exclusive, Bungie wouldn't have made it to begin with, because the deal is not that they cut out some content to make exclusive, but they create some content to be exclusive. Thus, while mostly pointless for about a year, there is still some stuff you can use and after a year everyone will enjoy this content that otherwise would not exist. In this case: **happy**.
Why is it pooping so much
The point is it doesn't matter if I am good or bad. I want to have fun. And the most optimal build is not always the more fun build. Unless they want me to move to a different game immediately, having variety makes sure I am having fun for longer. As a counterpoint, it's not even about what people use. Every Striker uses shoulder charge now. Then why is it that shoulder charge is in the cluster that is not aimed at PvP? The PvP tree specifically does not have shoulder charge because people are complaining about shoulder charge. This way it is problem solved for Bungie. Either no one uses it anymore or they get to have a crappy build otherwise for PvP if they insist on it. It's a dumb way to balance things.
Minor correction: attunements are specifically the Warlock clusters. The Titan's are Codes and the Hunter's are Ways. To be honest, worst case scenario Destiny is still a game I would enjoy playing. I am talking realism here, obviously having no perks at all and only a Super would be worse, but they were never going to do that. If Exotics end up being something like: 'Confers Shoulder Charge', then I would say that is extremely bad because they are tying something I deem basic functionality behind an Exotic equip gate. D2 should push things forward, not back. I understand the 'we don' t know anything yet' argument, but we do know things. The complete picture is important, but we can judge the information we do have at least, and it isn"t looking good.
Taking 18 options away and then adding 1 is still -17.
Don't presume to know my personality if you clearly didn't even read my posts and objections yet. Tell me, realistically, how are Exotic armors going to change 2 options without Exotic armor into at least 5 options without Exotic armor? The answer is:they won't. Requiring Exotic armor to achieve what would still be less functionality and options if they did not restrict you to an entire cluster does not solve my gripe with this. Attempting to reduce my criticism, which is completely valid, to a bias is just lame. I've brought forth my arguments. Just because it doesn't align with your opinion shouldn't matter.
Not sure how I feel about this. This could be bad. It appears we get less choice across the board in D2 because it makes balancing easier for Bungie. Okay, but what about our play experience? The reason I disliked Exotic quests and Three of Coins was because it made nothing special anymore. Year 1 was absolutely not good either, I'm not having rose tinted glasses on. But it did make me happy and excited whenever I got something good. In Y2 and 3, I got all the good Exotics within the first three days of play, which isn't fun. If Legendaries are not added to the mix of things you simply obtain pretty much as soon as you start the endgame, then what am I really playing for? I want to have more things to play for, not less.
Whenever someone tried to argue that no choice in subclasses means more choice, I scratch my head and wonder if you even attempted to vary your playstyle. I can play Wrath of the Machine as one of 5 different Defenders, one of 2 different Strikers and one of 4 different Sunbreakers. My playstyle and role changes whichever I pick. You will soon have one or maybe two ways to do everything. You can't make the argument that is more choice. It is way less. It's simple math. 2 is never more than a number higher than 2. I understand that you are someone who subscribes to the notion that you only really can pick one set of perks for each subclass, but I am telling you I have been switching things since Alpha, and many variations work and in different ways. Just because you never tried it or don't like it, doesn't mean that it's like that for everyone.
Getting all the guns you need until the expansion comes out within the first week is not fun to me.
It isn't fun to me to get all the gear I need within the first week of playing. Then get all the gear I need from an expansion within the first two days. Random perks are a way to prevent me from getting exactly what I need immediately. Alternatively, looking at Exotics, having a low drop rate in Year 1 did the same. Now, do not get me wrong, Year 1 Exotic drop rates were too trash and random rolls can be way too obscure as well. The system isn't perfect. But too far in the other direction is also not fun. Three of Coins and increased exotic drop rates meant I had every Exotic within a day, maybe 2. That's not fun to me. I want a middle ground. But when Luke says they 'might' have a system in place to still make loot hunt relevant, that has me worried.
No, rerolling is bad. I don't like the sound of this new system either, but I take it over reforging without having to think about it.
I hear you start to have less sex and do less kind things for each other, same as men and women. The point is that you don't get to decide who can do what. If gay people shouldn't marry because it makes no sense, then neither should straight people.
How do you know D2 will have significantly more guns than D1? Here is the concern laid bare in a few sentences: in D1, if I play any Strike, I roughly get one Legendary every three Strikes. On top of that, I can open a chest to get a guaranteed one that is a specific type. So if I play for a day, I probably play 4 Strikes an hour or so, meaning I'll do around 30 Strikes. That is is 10-15 Legendaries. I currently use around 10 Legendaries. Coupled with the fact that you can farm specific gear, that means I absolutely get everything I need within a week at most. Now, I am not saying that it will work like that, but really you have no evidence of the contrary either. If anything, with how much stuff remains the same, it is way more likely it stays the same as well. You just claim it absolutely will not work that way even while you don't know.
You are confusing Exotics with Legendaries. Legendaries do not need a stockpile of consumables to obtain. Have you tried starting D1 from scratch? You can literally reach 390+ Light and more Legendaries than you know what to do with in less than a week. It is the rolls that make your gear suboptimal, but if that is gone, you would be already done.
Kiosks are kinda dumb. But they are necessary because the Vault is so small. I'd prefer a larger Vault over a kiosk so your weapons feel more valuable, but I prefer a kiosk over not having enough space.
That's not really true. Chaperone is fantastic. It was the shotgun I equipped to snipe shotgunners.
