A step in the right direction. I applaud you UK
&gt;same price Thats fucked
Yeah, cut's fucked. We get stooged on everything here
Correct me if I'm wrong, but dont Muslims typically fast around Ramadan? How can someone fast in these temperatures?
For a good reason mate... A very close friend of mine broke his jaw, becaus he thought he was Zelda and tried running through a wall that had a secret area behind it. There was a few people who died while on it too.... heck, even I got rashes all over my skin. 'Legal' highs are not an alternative. Legalise, Standardise and tax
Exactly my thoughts
What's a moggy?
Can you please send a few links as to how this can happen? As far as I know, unless you are turned on, even viagra wont do squat
I've done a few tests, caged eggs vs free range, and let me tell you, the price is well worth it... Caged eggs were inferior in both size and quality.
Go and tell that to our wanker of Prime Minister, Tony Abott
Hahaha, that was ajoke, right?
Not sure what you are smoking mate, but it's time to change dealers.
Not to mention curved bananas are much easier for rectum insertion
Does this seriously surprise anyone?
As long as they turn a profit, right guys? Cnuts!
TIL Michael Bay is a beta neck beard
How does one remain sane after that long?
God I get shivers just reading that... fuck getting conscripted
I think you should have asked that question prior to placing the order...
&gt; It's the culture's faul That will not be sustainable going forward... So excuse me, but I wont give 2 fucks if this country burns itself
&gt; You know who they never blame? Themselves No one ever does mate.... It's always someone else's fault.
And so the cycle of hatred repeats itself for yet another generation :(
Guess you can call it.. shit posting (ill see myself out)
Not yet anyway
&gt; how do you return them I've been saying this for years (and will probably be downvoted for saying it again), however all you have to do is sink a single one, and I guarantee you, you'll be free for the next few decades... But people see that point as too Nazi/xenophobic/inhumane like, and would rather suffer such unnecessary pain, than be called a racist. Re: controlling Migration, last time I checked, the Chinese had a successful way of doing it.
&gt; There is a huge amount of people with foreign background who reject and despise western values Here Here!
Wrong place bro.
What happens when the poor get sick of being poor, and come for the rich people's riches?
It will be interesting to see if this bridge passes the safety standards, say 5 years down the track. I wouldnt be so quick to jump the gun on robots taking over construction. One disaster, and the bots will be turned to recycled cans.
All me mates who didn't finish uni, ended up in a trade. Its hard work, but once you get some experience pay is solid and there's always demand
Have you tried, oh, I don't know, perhaps asking him why he repeats everything? Kids tend to be kids sometimes, lol
Hope this doesn't end in another civil war
I for starters wouldnt want some stranger (pronounced CIA) knowing of my interracial midget anal foot fetish reddit account.
1. Yes. Beer = carbs and empty calories. Unless bulking, I'd suggest stay away. 2. Aside from getting sick, you army exactly giving your body the right nutrients to make the repairs necessary
Yikes! Unlucky mate
It comes down to priorities mate. I can't tell you what to do, but if it were me and I've been good, I'd let my hair down once in a while.
I want my 15 seconds of life back from reading this pointless question...
Not to mention the astronomical cost of a BUK missile
Don't be so sure mate. Foxtel and the newspapers are in bed with our politicians; Even when the corpses are rotting
If you actually read the article, you will notice not a single 'three' or 'strikes' word is mentioned...
Can't seem to find the one where Euro says his first word. Pa Pa PANZERKAMPFVAGEN!
Fun Fact: Both made by Rheinmetall - the same company that made Pak43's for the PzVI Tigers
Hey, I would like to buy one, but not at [$8.6 Million!](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=M1_Abrams)
Even if there were, this is inadvisable, as everything can be traced back to you
If they did that, say goodbye to international businesses in Straya
Right in the feels
I love seeing fat feminist cunts like this getting cut down
Definitely Copy pasta
Gotta love WWII trivia
You must be Canadian eh?
Don't worry, I'm sure we will find some other thing to kill each-other over if we did not have religion
Check Mate Foxtel
Funds, yes. Infrastructure, no. iinet got brought to it's knees when they started offering free quota to Netflix... Lost a customer as a result.
Every cunt at work that I've told I own a rifle to thinks of me as some sort of fkn crook out to kill people... its hard educating retards
A tenner says the buyer will be Chinese
You must be young if you can't remember that :)
That's a substantial amount of fat mate! Nevertheless, I ate lots and lots of bacon but after a while the sat fat gets to you, so I supplemented with nuts. Macadamia nuts are the best for this followed by Brazil nuts. Shredded coconut in your protein shake is always good, plus it ads a crunchy texture. Also salmon, avocados, and steak
It was all only a matter of time.
Tavern
Anytime bruddah! I am also a complete sucker for cured meats; be it pastrami, ham, pepperoni or salami. Its expensive in Australia, but well worth the taste!
Any explanation as to why this is happening? These actions arent helping their case
Meanwhile the rest of the world is spending more and more on renewables.... GG Straya
I give you 5 minutes before your comment gets nuked
That was cringe worthy
Don't you mean house mate? Room mate shares a room. House mate shares a house
No thanks. We have enough bigots
This is in the context of gay marriage right?
Repost, but still entertaining
Fat has a lot of calories
Thats a nasty virus...
And what's the current time where you are? Bot below says in 15 minutes
Yeah that'll be the day... The Greeks are too proud to accept Turkish help
That will be a world first
N-no homo
Not to mention they have their own missiles
Prices will eventually even out after everyone else ramps up production.
No one wants a war in an already unstable region of the world
Relevant username is relevant
How long is your neckbeard?
Investors tend to have the sheep mentality - Once someone screams wolf everyone starts running for the higher ground. Nevertheless, it will be interesting to see how this turns out for the rest of the year.
head over to /r/nofap, they might be able to help you out - it worked for me (pun intended)
Dont worry mate, its always the minority who ruin things for the majority.
No one made you do anything
Comparing Hookers, Blow, Alcohol, Smoking, Gambling, et al to a Religious place of worship... good one mate!
With heavy industry/manufacturing on the decline, the electricity appetite has significantly been reduced. If we gave every household 6 solar panels, we could potentially be at least 80% renewables by 2020
Thats not a good thing if you're John Doe struggling to put gas in his car
Hell of a way to start a new year eh lads?&gt;
Sometimes stereotypes happen.
I'm not gonna down cote, but how does this exactly help the terrorists, when they used plain SMS during Paris attacks?? Clearly you don't work in technology do you?
Even top blokes suffer from depression. Maybe this will she's more light on the stereotype of men being labeled as soft, etc when in fact they're depressed
When you're depressed all rational chain of thought goes out the window
The transport costs in the end will not be worth it. I do applaud your nobility however
Wow, that was a relief... when I saw Allies, I immediately thought WWII Allies and countries...
Christ, can you just take a moment and imagine the frustration you'd be going thru?
Where the fuck is labour on all this??? They should be jumping on this like creative arts students to dole pay!
Need more info OP. DS could have office workers, supply chain managers, etc
Single. Cunts are too cheap to do a double
I'm not sure the World should allow this give their history with hazardous materials (see Taijin explosion of Aug 2015) and the way they handle disasters.
Imagine something like the Taijin explosions happens.
Shit, it's like Plague Inc, but IRL
This is also applicable to Italian time, Spanish time, et al
Its a feature, not a bug! Surprised they didn't charge you more
I think we are headed for a change. See the shit happening in Cologne Germany (world news locked the fkn thread). It'll be a blood bath, but it's going to change
Wait, you mean Australia go full Sweden or Germany? I hope it doesn't get to that... Germans aren't exactly know for tolerant of others bullshit
What boils the blood even more is, they are victim shaming instead of admitting that there is in-fact a problem on their hands
That's rough! Hot you didn't lose much
Maybe he was refering to them being mutated coz of radiation and such?
Plus younger people have the attention span of a gold fish, and would rather post dank memes than do something constructive with their time
Source?
Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't 'made in Straya' quality back then the equivalent to that of China today?
Wrong sub mate
Bike Lanes. Who uses them, and how often? I'm talking about the Sydney ones in particular, but all arguments welcome
I'll have what he is smoking please
That's a very disturbing thing to say... What if they put you or your father/brother on the front lines?
They shouldn't be so quick to dismiss such things. Get a spy plane over there and confirm
Yeah I got goose bumps too
Repost! Also, Alfa as fuk
Well said
Or buy precious metals / expensive liquor
Tomango?
Your post made no sense... If that was a males porn addict's opinion, they wouldn't think women of being capable of such nasty things.
ALL THE THINGS!
So which breaker are they removing? The 5% or the 7%? Is the 15% one still remaining in place?
OP we need more context mate
dont u mean ctl+a?
Working on Saturday in an office which has no air-conditioning, surrounded by Indians who do not share the same Strayan view on hygiene... someone kill me
&gt;dissenting opinion Well, when u break the circle jerk, u get downblasted
Lol swing and a miss. It was a Simpsons reference, the billion dollar bill episode
See, this is why the USA needs to spend less on war and more on mental health. The gym clearly had problems. Just ask his mum. They always know best
Lol, welcome aboard mates. We had that introduced last year
RIP. At least he died doing what he loved
Bitcoins
Too soon man
Ours (AUD) is right there with you lads. Just like the trenches in WWI Edit: Sorry, added the extra I. Canadians and Aussies fought for Commonwealth forces in both Great Wars
thats a long fkn way of saying no mate
&gt; and your own PPE You have to be joking... Isnt PPE the employer's responsibility?
No doubt taking his bonus with him
No, I believe it was "everything is a dildo if you're brave enough"
Meanwhile Aussy bowsers are still charging extortionary prices because of our low dollar
Playing superpowers costs money. Russia doesnt have money at the moment
She will need more support if she intends to get somewhere. I'd love to see the little guy win, but lets face it, she's up against the big boys who have limitless coin to throw at lawyers
Can't. Nofap16
Rekt with a capital R. I would've used one squad as recon, and got that Jagh to rape avre
Supplement powder
Jesus fukin Christ! Reminds me of the banana shortages we had when cyclones hit qld.
Care to elaborate, guy?
I recall mwave and kogan are willing to allow you to spend it in their stores
fkn NSW getting shafted again
And if you didnt move your car, you get the shit beat out of you
Start by doing some research. Google is your friend.
Lol, that's until you see how much of a cut the exchanges/banks take
Clearly it's the children's fault somehow. But seriously, who knows wtf will happen next
Care to elaborate m80? At least look at the companies
I got my 45-70 stock ready
Coh2.org is also raging
Keked at "he left the game"
The faq said (top of my head) 1000mg a day. I do believe I take the Citrate one
The simplest option is not to discuss something that delicate at work
Refugee crisis intensifies
OP, get out while you can. Also, out of curiosity, will the area go up in smoke if you light a bonfire?
More sensationalised fear mongering by CNN
I want to hear an everyday average German Joe's opinion on this matter
How does this make you feel Germany?
I've stocked up on ammo and canned food for the next decade and am ready
And so the next European saga begins
What happens when prices become so unsustainable that the middle class isn't able to eat?
No I haven't, but now that you've brought it to my attention, I might
Nice gif. Tho I recon it'd be cheaper to replace by robots
Brace yourselves mates. No doubt more anti terror laws will be coming - this is too close to Straya
That accounts for one... There are reports of several blasts tho
One of them, yes
Thank fuck. No ferries could mean a clusterfuck getting home
Also cognitive functions
Are you saying she's far away? Trippy? Comes late? Old? What are you saying?
And that was just the entrance to a fucking 911 museum!!
TIL Cleo is still being published
You must have had a smashing time through the 60s if you voted for Green!
&gt; You can tell based on how few Australians walk around with their eyes-on-phones This is actually quite sad and shocking to see fkn 98% of people on public transport doing this...
Sorry Kamerad, no German fetish porn for you.
Come on dude, you're barely past mid 50s! When someone says grey hair, I'm expecting a cane walking grandad yelling GET OFF MY WIFI YOU DAMN KIDS!
Never. TV's are so 1990. Netflix and youtube and torrents is where is at these days.
This guy is right kids. I developed a severe rash after my second joint in 3 weeks...
I was being cheeky. And you are not a nice man hurting my feelings like that :(
OK. That's your opinion lad. I for one enjoy light banter with strangers I'm likely to never meet again.
Both
Lol phrasing!
This is great news for Iran and her people
Brace yourselves for even lower oil prices
So this is the lowest in what, 30 years or so?
This was also the first thing pipped in my head... How can this be sustainable for everyone?
TIL Danes still use windmills
Thanks for the level headed reply.
Does the box that I live in count?
&gt; and aren't willing to put in the time to remedy that problem Wow, thats more than a bit presumptuous of you...
&gt; safely behind steel bars Bullets are cheaper
Great analogy mate! You know whats even cheaper? Bullets
We aren't done obliterating yet
Shit, this was last night :( Who won? Can I see a replay?
Thanks lad, will watch it tonight!
Came here looking for an exact list. Was disappointed not to find one :/
&gt;not fps Can't help you there m80
Lol, fps there lad. Also, its a dying community :(
As an Axis player, yes.
ITT angry man children
Hahaha, solid comeback!
Loled at Lelic. Its meant to be a combination of Lel (another version of Lol) and relic - thereby mocking relic.
I believe its "heavy panzer under infantry attack"
Peters lips are stuck to the tube
Dude, really?? 1 carrier, either flame or Vickers, and problem solved
What? The reason the Tigers were feared was the 8.8 kwk cannon that was the biggest caliber at the time. Additionally, the Elefant tank destroyers proved size matters later in the war
Range is what kills me tho
I use that baby with a Jaghtigers attack ground ability. Nothing like watching your opponent rage after losing a coliape that's hiding behind a building
The KV2's 152 was an artillery gun on a tank though...
HUMMEL READY FOR ORDERS!
And how exactly does one Jews problem make world news??
Nil. Thanks to political correctness and SJWs
Anyone have link to said revenge video? My brother in science arm of MIT needs it for research
No worries. Let me know what your tune is when said refugees grope your wife/cousin/daughter.
Mortdale NSW? Damn man! Wtf was that on your clothes line?
Reading that title made my brain hurt
And yet look at what is happening to our Deutschland now :'(
What if I'm a gay married man? My husband doesn't wear a bra
She got the idea from a Steven Segal film
Is this Lyon v 2 w/ the bridges cut? If you like Lyon, you might want to give the XL version a try. Heaps of chinanigans
Oh man, having a Brit Bong to play with would be nice, but sticks coz of time differences. Added. Dr S
Shit, which one are you??
3edgdy4me
Lol, rush with flame half track, or pios and flame in a halftrack, or volks with burn
I'd love to add you. Steam community: Doktor_S
Wow, I thought that tank would die, but nope, you stuck with it
This. 1millon x this. I ALWAYS try and guard a fuel
Its rainin men! Hallelujah its rainin men!
Fortress Europe has endured much worse in the past, and it won't fall this time either. Nationalism will surface it's ugly head again, except this time whole of Europe is likely to join in
Spare a thought for Germany would you Ottawa?
I hear yer mate
Christ, why are we still putting kids at risk, when we have robots who can perform the same tasks and without stopping?
Tinfoilhat time: Next is Facebook, followed by reddit. Then, once the NWO government has control of comma, its the stock market, which will cause global panic. Supermarkets will sell out, and before Valentines day, WWIII
Close. She was the Baba of an uncle of mine
I'm going to be labelled as sexist, but fuck it; this is why you don't put women in a position that isn't aligned with her maternal instincts.
Except they are black and care not for the local customs
Repost
All the time. That zeroing arty is the shit
I don't know, I'm not a mother. But as a father I'd beat the shit out of said kid, and then beat his father
Very good point. Guess Thatcher never did manage to get someone to scratch her itch, hence why she was so salty
What are your priorities OP?? If you're on a 3 day split, is the weekend really necessary?
Why are we not capitalising on this?!
At least its not a crazy cunt with 20 cockatoos, and his back covered in shit
Yeah, sleeps a hard one for many to get. You may have to sacrifice a few things to get some solid sleep I'm afraid
Can anyone suggest ways we can protect ourselves from the fallout?
Fuck oath. They still serve that filtered shit maccas had in the 70s
OK, then the Iron age is more appropriate
Fetish
Yarloop got proper shafted this Summer. I feel for the folk who lost everything... Shit, even the pub burnt down :'(
What kind of stoning we talking about? Vape, bong, blitz, joint?
Fuk u Kent, I'm an immigrant, and I am part why this cuntry is great. Its called integration
Fkn saved. Thanks mate - this is a must for anyone within the Outback
If you had a temperature controlled greenhouse, yes. Otherwise no. (And the Martian was BS - plants need sunlight to grow, and Damon grew them inside)
Nah, Strayan, but my siblings and I use Kent instead so the folks don't know were insulting eachother
What an embarrassment this whole migrant fiasco has become for Deutschland..
Please expand on what you mean by being private. Assuming all aspects of life, I will start with: 1.Cash is king. Start erasing your financial footprint, by getting rid of the CC and sticking with cash.
Mate, dont forget to factor in refining costs, transportation costs, etc. Thats 18c a gallon of crude oil
You know, there is great beauty in living without technology. You come to appreciate the availability of human contact that much more.
Hazelnuts tend to be quite high for keto, no?
Wtf? That took mW to rolling stones, give me shelter... Edit, guess video got pulled :/
Plz go back to your safe space. Adults are talking here.
Because the martian had proper lighting...
Just wait and see kameradden.
Taken from here: https://youtu.be/egcXvqiho4w
Boo uk? What is this you are referring to? No, I havent. any good?
Maybe not this year, but soon
Lol get fucked. What he/she said is exactly why birth rates are down.
As long as I get to taste her neighbor as well
Man, you don't expect this to happen to the Canadians... Everyone is neutral toward them
Europe can expect more and more vigilante groups like these, since the police need to be PC about everything
If you ain't drinking Cooper's, the profits go overseas!
That opening was fkn spot on!
This cunt's got it right. Between mates, its a term of endearment
Autism intensifies!
Who would rape a bush pig?
Ew, no. Get proper healthy carbs, not HFCS
What weapon could have caused this?
I use [PIA](https://www.privateinternetaccess.com/). Good torrent speeds, really easy set up, log in with 1 double click.
&gt;Aussie &gt;writes the word mum using o instead of u Yeah, Nah.
SJWs is one of the reasons why the West is on a downward spiral.
Well of course its an invitation for some conversation. Christ, you make it sound like I'm inviting her to get freaky
Just watch your fat and sodium intake. While they're great, 200grams yields &gt;65 grams of fat. Also, if you're craving potato chips, I highly recommend salted kale chips. Too bad kales expensive as fuck in Aus
[The same Bill the AFP are telling us to be like??](https://i.imgur.com/AZdQ1t6.png)
Dumb cunt, we can see your rego. Also, wtf u holding up a mini can for?
I know that feel bro
Wait, it says many civil servants are striking, and then states Uber as one of the reasons... Something doesn't seem right here
Pffft, you call that snow? Canada would like a word with you
A while back she said "let them come". Now she's eating her words as all of Africa and Middle East want to be German
SA rego. Can't work out 2 first numbers, but here goes: xx3-AYM
Except there are no thousands of dead people now, just some cars
Hey sometimes you need protons but cannot acquire them via currency
yes
I'm gonna go and have a ciggy to celebrate this milestone!
Wow, you sound like uber fun at parties
They could be launching a man in space, or it could be the H bomb. Either way, it'll be an exciting week!
TIL! Christ, for the moat evolved and intelligent beings on this world, we can be so barbaric sometimes.
Yeah, I've read about that too. Next level of messed up right there
Its immaculate how well its been preserved
Such a waste. RIP
There goes 25 mil
Do crewmen wear fire retardant uniforms?
If you have to ask 'does xyz make ABC' then the answer is always yes
&gt; half the height of the World Trade Center Which one? Old tower 1 or 2, or new tower 1?
Iraq was the US's problem in the first place how?
SO how many IED's would it take to take it down you recon?
Wikipedia says in adults it will pass within a week. In unborn kids however, they and thier families face a lifetime of difficulties
Yes. Great film! Loved how EVERYTHING stops once Dylan comes along.
Hey! I use that exact same strategy!
And how are you on Reddit if you live in that era exactly??
Hardly world news worthy, however I wil praise the actions of the coppers
This is true. The Wiki page confirms it. Thankfully, its a mild virus causing 5 days discomfort at most. Lasts in hosts up to 30 days. Avoid getting pregnant at all costs
The Jews dont kill people, they make the guns that do.
I believe all traces are gone after 30 days. Its not like ebola
Why would you get down-voted for reading the fucking article, unlike 98% of Reddit?
try 20 seconds, depending on internet speed.
Much like our joke of an internet FTTN in Australia
Not buying it. You spelled colour with a u, and not like the rest of North America.
&gt;Writing on the wall &gt; Management sticking fingers in ears Wait... You sure you have that right?
Watching a movie on a Friday night with zero ads... Oh wait.
Came here to ask exactly this
Mods!!
That guy looked like an amateur, with some expensive hardware
USA why you gotta drag your nonsense beliefs in our country? Fek off already
Time to kick this woman out
Whats a nail bar?
Edit: Xpost r/lolwat
I've played enough video games to learn to conserve ammo and fire in small accurate bursts
That was one of my faves too
Yeah I gagged too when I saw that
Reported
Awesome. Hopefully NZ legalize so we can get our cheap ejuice
No need to be an asshole. I came here to ask this as well.
Oh my...
&gt; Notes to ~~China~~: *America* &gt; 1. you cannot assert a right you don't have in the first place &gt; 2. your refusal of "accepting a UN resolution over what nations hold territorial controls" wouldn't have anything to do with the fact that your claims are baseless under international law? &gt; 3. "instead insisting China had an 'ancient right' to occupy it all": please consider that an argument of rights based on "ancient occupation" would also allow Mongolia to take back all of China. Hey, OP, see how this works too?
Comrade, can you explain this one to me? I dont ge tit...
It was wet, sure, but it wasn't as cold as the other week
You can always try to stop using it, lol
RIP spine
This post gave me AIDS
And then the Americans spend 40K on a missile to blow it up. Money well spent
While you are at it, the Slavs would like a word with you about reparations and something about your occupation of 500 years
AMERICA FUCK YEAH! SPENDING LIFETIME EARNINGS ON BASIC HEALTHCARE YEAH!
Dentistry in Australia, even with private insurance is bullshit expensive as well
And as a result of what happens when you dont invest in innovative technologies.
WTF? Why are you still living there then?
The Electrics are high above as I recall. The motors - good question; someone more qualified should comment
That's me in the corner. That's me in the spot, light, losing my religion!
Am I a bad person for having little sympathy? I mean if you build your house out of toothpicks next to a fault, you'd be called an imbecile. Same with these - why build so fkn close to the sea?
Stay safe guys
No nutella tho :[
Christ, talk about shoe meet head
As gay as this sounds, I got goosebumps
&gt;This salty over someones post Who pissed in your cereal this morning mate?
That's a fantastic idea mate! Thanks!
Yeah, but what happens when the munchies hit??
&gt; getting stoned Not the stoned you are thinking of lad.
+1 mate. I'd like to go back to a nokia 5110 for at least emergencies
True, but I cant get laid inside the bubble, and i keep growing fatter by the day - risk and reward my friend.
Fuck oath
Not in Sydney. I'd fkn buy you a round if you were in Sydney.
&gt; get your shit pushed in Battlefield 3 quote FTW
the US has a VERY long way to go when it comes to healthcare.
Classic Anon
~~Sir~~ Madam, you are brave to camp in winter
I must have misread somewhere that even RPGs wouldn't bring it down.
I love how he is holding a different drink in every frame. Now THAT is attention to detail
How did that thing not explode?
Karma can be a bitch
Sorry bro, beat you to it
Thats fucked... There already are countless of homeless living on the streets, we dont need more.... fkn libs want to Make our cities into NY or LA
But what if I needed that bleach and fertiliser for legitimate purposes?
Too bad they are worth 500 each... Commanders should at least be double that
Where in the world are you, what time you normally play, preferred faction and commander and what are you wearing ATM?
Across all factions the faster build times are a must. Normally I also use MG/Mortar build time/vet. The rest have insignificant impact
And I'm famous for not shitting in a jar!
Thanks man! Time to troll noobs like the good old counter strike F10 trick
This map is good for CQC. Obers, PanzGrens and Shocks really shine here
Nice find OP. Just look at how much smoke got generated by those things
What a fucking idiot
Not really an ice 'cube' now is it?
Same reason as why everyday citizens have access to automatic rifles.
Sad fact of what happens in war time
OP, AFAIK Newegg doesn't deliver to AUS :(
Mate, blaze IP before you do it and you can down 3 packs
I'll translate this in Australian for you: Your breath stinks, dickhead!
Pls don't encourage this behavior. If I wanted nutcases ruining for everyone I'd move to the states.
Hey I'm a city slicker and I still vote for him. We need some country flavour to this concrete jungle called Sydney
Speak for yourself carnt!
All tax deductible I am sure
NO Point is sulking about it. Grab a pitchfork and stand up for what you believe in
oi cunt thats me fkn submission, dont steal me thunder or i'd glass yer!
Brilliant! Simply marvelous! Bravo OP!
Good fucking riddance
Third time repost but still worth a giggle. Have an upboat
The ones with a feminine penus right?
Ahh, 2007, back when no &gt; was required forma story
Way to go brus!
TIL. Thank you
Makes sense to me
&gt; homonym And I found my next favourite insult.
Shit, pressed sent too quick. Was meant to say, xpost r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Good article. Confirms my initial opinion. Thanks OP
You are right. I don't understand why people don't use MGs late game
Thus will fuck the financial industry in the cornhole if the country does go ahead with the vote. Australian banks are already looking like headless chickens; hard to imagine what Europe is thinking
Both obesity and diabetus are caused by foods high in fat and processed sugar, not protein based meat.
How I see the woman who sued: "Its everyone else's problem what I post online but mine"
They dont need neighbours as they have the numbers
Read about this - it was some amazing stuff!
When the US economy goes down, so will a plethora of other countries. Also, games like The Division will be on full scale across your country, except without the virus
Lol that soccer ball...
Guys, maybe, just maybe, they are waiting for the virtual world to take off so they can release HL3. Why do you think steam is leading the charge when it comes to virtuality?
&gt;Bud Wiser Lol, I'd be more worried about the sugar and additives than the alcohol
I don't think this should be allowed. If the spawn time is 5 secs, fine, but waiting a full minute because you didn't ready in time, only to die in spawn is as frustrating as diarrhea during foreplay
Too bad the masses have an attention span of a gold fish, and go thru a new game every 3 months. Exhibit a, COD, exhibit B battlefield
This is old news
Jokes on you I'm already gay
Its a /v/irgin thing. You wouldn't understand
Implying I'm a virgin or implying he wouldn't understand?
Sir, I am insulted you do not know of Red Orchestra!
Stay or go, this is fucking the forex market royally in the pooper. The pound is forecast to have the same volatility as it did during the GFC, not to mention the economic repocussions it will have if its a go... The UK government will need to review 80 000 agreements!
Wuuutut!
Gotta love how perfectly synced this gif is
Quite possibly, yes. However the euro will also take a hit. Additionally, good luck getting those goods over the boarder if its a yes. They'll have to have stricter border controls, on top of import/export tariffs. Word on the street is the safest bet is gold, as with every other financial instability...
This isn't mine of course. If it were, my head would be up my arse
Thank you orb for this picture. OP, it was late and my brain was already asleep
Global financial crises
If you truly think the other countries give a squirt about the British you are sadly mistaken. Maybe the EU nations, sure. The Aussies and Kiwis couldn't give a flying fuck
Lol seriously? Its molten steel
USA government getting dumber by the week
As an Australian, you can all get fucked for all I care. Do let me know if type going to the pub however, first round of pints on me
You been living somewhere without access to this info?
Dubya was simply a puppet mate, he had no say in anything. They said jump, and he'd say how high
Hear Hear
So then, why are we not holding them responsible?
No they aren't. They bitch and moan about fkn EVERYTHING!
Yeah, Nah. A happy meal is 1 meal, a pack of smokes lasts a week if you ration
You lie in the bed you made.
Are you a /fit/izen as well?
What if he is looking for a 3 way with strap ons and so were you?
I recon its his older sister
You mean to tell me there's a book prequel to the movie??
Way to stick it to the seppos mate! Point 2 was a ripper!
I was disappointed they didn't follow the plot to Warcraft 3
Spobu
Why don't you lead an army instead of touching me
Poke poke poke, is that all you do?
Oooh, that was kind of nice. (I need to get a life I know)
&gt;ovation Why do Americans feel the need to clap after a movie?
Until the Bofors on wheels comes along and fucks up your day
That mortar is so OP... 4v4 is now a mess
Nope its still around
&gt;exploit You misspelled feature mate
The more people abuse, the sooner relic fixes it
Lulz he mad
Holy shit, I normally stack 4 or so times but that was just overkill... Sturmtiger, Kingtiger and a Panther across the map
Sounds like you speak from experience mate
If he had flame projectors you would've called gg
Here in Australia we have remote regions that are only capable of having satellite internet. Its metered and costs an absolute fortune. If M$ did this to them, they would lobby the government to ban this merchant
And so it begins
And yet they'll still win
There's a rule that exists in life: Don't shit the same bed that you sleep in.
Welcome to the club. Our women were raped and children murdered by Bosnian neighbours of 20 years once the latest Balkan War broke out. Sincerely, a former Slav
Settle down Hans, we are not there yet.
&gt; worth a freddo As in Freddo Koala? You fkn English or Strayan mate?
Except it wasn't, because we fucked it... We lived simple yet happy lives, but nooo it wasnt enough and we HAD to multiply.
Drink your English beer instead. It's the same thing compared to Strayan beer.
What was the catch?
Wrong thread mate
Its 13 30 32 dickhead
Its that things that make you go Mmmmm!
There is nofin like a crown, for pickin it up and pudding it down!
Wait, that technical has a made launcher not a .50 cal?? :O
Please tell me you chose to do something with your life instead of squander it playing wow...
Hear Hear
&gt;Greek Found your problem. Last I checked they weren't too good with economic decisions
If I number the lines, and then proceed to draw dicks next to my most hated party, will my vote be counter? Also, I dont like the idea of using a pencil, if I use a pen, will my vote be counted?
Thanks for linking this, I was just about to do it.
Except now you cant... All schools are barred with fkn razor wire for "children's safety"
Homeless. Anyone else notice this is a massively growing problem? The streets of Sydney basically have 6 on every intersection. They are not as aggressive as the homeless in the states, though it still pains me to see my city let all these people down.
Wtf is zymil?
Too much plastic parts inhaled for my taste mate
Lol they're running on 1980s hardware if they're the old CRT ones.
What about Queen, the rock band?
Why the salt mate? I don't think you will be
I know mate, its getting really scary these days
Brilliant idea OP
Yes OP, please do. I want my current government to see what happens when you amass so much info and it gets breached... They want taxes, healthcare, dole benefits, and medic history all in 1 place
Yep, sums up the land of "the free" pretty well don't you think?
&gt;mental health And who are the fuckwits that cut that funding?
Hehehe, dicktures... I'm using that one from now on
I'm with you on this one brother. Chances are they were mostly civvies as well
A story of idiocy
You get America basically.
Work sleep and fitness.
No thanks. I see enough ads add it is
Holy shit, that's a lot of weed Mon!
