If allowed by the car loan provider, I would also pay down the loan right away. It will probably save you on interest. Alternatively: an FDIC or NCUA insured savings account.
A 401k is not an IRA. Is the money in a 401k or in an IRA?
I would put some money in a 529. Maybe down the road she can get a heart transplant, maybe not even from another human-being but from her own cells. So, maybe also as a symbol of hope, I would open the 529 and put some money in. Otherwise, I wouldn't do a lot of other things. Keep saving for your retirement, keep the emergency fund at $30k, pay the co-pays.
I don't know how much the services of a CPA cost exactly, but I would say that for this particular year, with all these changes, it could very well be worth it. Maybe then from next year onwards, you can switch again to doing them yourself.
If both debts have roughly a 18% interest rate, then reducing that to 12% would be great (if there were no other fees for the consolidation process). If you have debts with very different interest rates, and the new rate you get after consolidation is the weighted average of the old ones, then consolidating probably increases the total amount of interest that you'll pay (consolidation can then still be a bit useful to make loans easier to manage, especially if you can consolidate 5+ different loans into one). Why you'll pay more interest? Imagine that you have $1k at 18% interest rate and $1k at 6% interest rate, and they offer you a consolidation rate with 12% interest rate. That's the weighted average, so that seems fair. But what that does, is that you lose the ability to first focus on the $1k at the 18% interest rate, and then be only left with a remaining balance at a much lower interest. Instead, you'll pay 12% during the whole duration of the pay-off process.
You're welcome. Perhaps you can wait a few more months, and during those months work on consolidating your side-income and on reducing your expenses? And on getting used to the idea of becoming self-employed...
I would like to help. But I have a few questions: What do you mean by "Have a job, but only half a year."? Did you get that job half a year ago, or do you mean you can only work it during six months of the year? (You can edit your post) What kind of annual (posttax/ takehome) income do you have with your current job (to see whether it could be possible for you to pay for transport etc)?
Sure. By the way, I saw your edit. I want to wish you good luck. You're still pretty young, and I've seen more people here, and in real life, who are trying to find their way in life at that age. Sometimes the first education doesn't work out, or for example (a friend of mine) got educated and then got an illness that prevented her from doing the job that she wanted to do and was educated to do. Sucks! Often it works out in the end (not always, but often). People find some work to do and often also develop within that new career. I hope that will be the case for you as well. Work hard, try to grasp opportunities, try to develop yourself. And I wish you the bit of luck that is needed as well.
Definitely check out the links that the AutoModerator provided. If you do not have any late payments or delinquent or defaulted debts, then your utilization rate currently is killing you. This will improve quickly once you reduce your debt load. Your new debt load is reported within a month, and then the credit score also changes to reflect the new utilization rate (debts divided by total possible debt). So you should see an increase of your score within a few weeks, every time you improve that utilization rate.
Then your current high utilization rate is influencing your score big-time. And that will improve soon after you start paying down your debts. By the way - have you checked your credit report recently? You can get a free credit report in Canada, I believe; don't know how exactly. You could check it to make sure there are no errors on it.
No, the markets don't average out every year to 6-8% returns. They do so over the years, and over many, many years. There are years with significantly higher returns (like 2014), and years with lower returns (like 2015). It's normal. The S&amp;P500 returned 1.2% for the year (included reinvested dividends), so your personal return seems similar to that. You should check out the 401(k) fund selection guide to make sure you have selected the right funds.
&gt; This fund has performed quite well over the past three years, averaging at about 12%. Over the past three years, Vanguard's S&amp;P500 fund returned 52% total, or roughly 15% per year. No front load, and an expense ratio of &lt;0.2% or so.
My idea was to let the old coverage (by Allstate) continue until you've got the new coverage confirmed. It will cost you a few bucks, but that's probably worth it for the reassurance that you're always covered.
The interest rate on your student loans is high enough to prioritize them over saving more for retirement. The interest rate on your car loan is lower, so if you've got any extra money coming in: put it towards the student loan, not the car loan. Http://unbury.us can be used to compare paying down the loan with the lowest balance first vs paying down the loan with the highest interest rate first.
Index funds are good. But target date funds often consist of different index funds. (Check the ones that your 401k will offer). What is withheld, and what you really owe in taxes, are two different things. So probably when you file your tax return, you'll get a refund because the company withheld too much on that bonus check. That often happens with a bonus check. I would check out the [W-4-calculator](https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/IRS-Withholding-Calculator) by the IRS to see if you should change your W-4-form to get less withheld in 2016 (on all of your paychecks).
1. small emergency fund, say $1k to $2k 2. pay off any debts with interest rates over 4-5% 3. if you get a match on your 457 from your employer, put in enough money to get the match (nothing more until step 4 is completed) 4. increase size of emergency fund to 6 months of expenses Actually, this is in the FAQ, see [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics)
Yes, this is the recent stock market. Sucks that you just got in now, but over the long, long run it'll be fine. Keep investing. And yes, also pay off your student loans, of course.
They way you want to do it, is not wrong. But if people have a low-interest student loan (say, $10k balance remaining @ 4%), if they have a good, stable job and are settled in a specific area, then buying a not-too-expensive house may make sense for them. For you, just go with paying down the student loans as much as you can as soon as you can. It's a smart move. (PS Also don't forget to keep a small emergency fund and to at least put enough in your 401k to get the full match that your employer gives (if they do match)).
I just want to say: you may get a small ding on your credit report for this, BUT it is not the end of the world. So don't panic. Do your job, do it well, and when you get paid, start making smart choices with the money (so: make sure to keep a roof over your head, to keep your belly full, and then to pay down the debts as much as you can with every pay check). It's a difficult period in your life right now, but you have a lot of opportunity to make it through. So no need to panic. Good luck!
"Deferred" means that you don't have to make payments right now. It doesn't mean that no interest is added to the balance. Go find out what exact status your debts have!
I would focus on paying it off as soon as you can. Maybe it's even possible to pay off in less than 10 years (if your salary keeps increasing). http://unbury.us could help you create a plan; see what an extra $200 or $500 per month can do to speed up the payment process (the difference can be bigger than you think).
What interest rate does the student loan have? What interest rate would the line of credit have? Generally speaking I would lean towards paying off the student loan slowly. Reason: they *can* suddenly deny you the use of the line of credit, and not give you that money. Then you could be stuck with no access to money. They cannot demand the full $3600 back from the student loan all in one go. So paying it back slowly means having more money in the bank for sure, which can be important to keep you going during your studies. But if the student loan is at 10% interest rate and the line of credit at 2%, I might take the risk of using the credit line instead of the student loan. Have you selected a new study that you think will work well for you? (Your interests, and your career prospects?).
You're a smart noob. And you're absolutely right.
I invest in index funds from Vanguard. You're talking about ETFs all the time, but I'm not investing in ETFs. There are enough index funds to choose from for Vanguard Europe. No, you can't invest in specific subsectors of the market, but I wouldn't do that anyway. I would go for diversified and global, and those index funds are offered by the European branch of Vanguard in Ireland.
Thirty stocks isn't very diversified, no. I can imagine the majority not doing well and also a significant percentage (like 10 or so) going bankrupt during a market downturn. So thirty companies is not a lot and not very safe. I would not sell the shares that you've got now, and I would assume the market will recover in your country, too. But I would indeed get international exposure and make your national market at most 10% of your total assets over the next five years or so (so mostly invest new money internationally). I live in the Netherlands, and I haven't even bought a Dutch-specific index fund; the "smallest" regional area I'm investing in is Europe.
Who knows. No way to predict that right now. In the long run, the difference between investing only in January 2016 or 1/12th of that amount every month of 2016 is probably going to be small anyway. If you had invested in the S&amp;P500 in January 1976, 40 years ago, it was at 97 points. During the year 1976, values were between 97 and 105, for a more than 5% difference, but of course, current values are around 2000, so currently, you would say the person who bought for 97 in January 1976 made roughly just as much of a profit as the person who bought for 105 in summer 1976.
&gt; Soon I will be expected to give my wife children before I get too old. Seriously? Do you even want to be a parent? If not, then please, please, don't do it. Enough unwanted children on this earth already!
I would create a small emergency fund in savings, for when shit hits the fan, so to speak. So probably that fund should hold three months of your regular expenses, meaning that if shit hits the fan, you have a few thousand dollars to help you deal with it (whether it's unemployment, a sudden car repair, a health problem, etc). When you've reached the required amount in the savings account, for example $5k, I would put most dollars towards the student loans. You're pretty young still, right now that seems the best idea. Maybe in the future you'll have a separate savings account because you want to save up for a mortgage down payment, or for a new(er) car, but right now I would focus on the student loans. I want to wish you good luck! I understand that it sucks sometimes, but it *has* given you the opportunity to create a great career for yourself. In the long run, I think your education was a good bet. But right now you will have to go through the sucky part first, before you can really start enjoying the benefits.
It looks like you're not very good with handling money. That happens. I was like that too, when I was in my twenties. And hopefully you'll get better at it. But that is why I think you should put this check that's coming right into the IRA as soon as it arrives. I don't think $35k sitting in a checkings account is safe for you. And it will do miracles for you in the IRA, if you let it. (And also if the investment options within the IRA are good... What are you investing in, and with what investment company? Do you know their fees?) Put the money away, don't touch it. And then work with your *current* income on paying off your debts (that $15k debt needs to go!), and on building up some savings.
A financial planner is not going to help you, I think. What you need to do right now is: 1. Pay down debt. Starting with that $5k in credit card debt, as I assume it has a very high interest rate. 2. Put money in a savings account. For emergency expenses, and later on for savings for a car and for a down payment. 3. Put more money in your retirement account, say 6% of your salary instead of 2%. Later, when your debts are gone, you should up this to 10%. Now, a financial advisor is going to tell you the same thing. But he or she cannot create these accounts for you, create the automatic transfers, and make you do this. That's you. So "just do it": start paying down the credit card debt, perhaps by creating an automatic transfer which happens right after each paycheck comes in. Open a savings account (if you haven't got one already) and transfer money to it with every paycheck. Contact your HR-person at work and change the amount that is transferred to the 401k. You are the one who needs to make the changes.
Ouch, for the interest rate for the bank loan. Then I would definitely pay back the student loan slowly and accumulate some savings so that you may not have to use the bank line of credit.
I'm using Brand New Day. You can also check out meesman.nl for index funds with low fees. (But I believe they're not offering funds by Vanguard but by ... Black Rock???). I'm using Brand New Day because they also offer specific retirement investing accounts, and I can use that because I have some "jaarruimte" left sometimes. Meesman doesn't offer retirement investing accounts.
Dear God, no!! *You* build up your credit score by getting a student credit card or a secured credit card, and always paying the credit card bill in full before the due date. Thus, you will pay exactly $0 in interest and still see a nice improvement of your score over time. Check out [the FAQ on building your credit score](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building#wiki_i_have_no_credit.2C_and_i_am_looking_to_get_started.). *Your parents* can finance their $45k car (what are they buying? A golden car?) with their own credit scores and their own money.
Yeah, but then the postman can't get the anti-theft box off, and everybody comes looking why their mail isn't arriving. ;-)
On the other hand, if you have casual sex, you should *always* use a condom to protect yourself and the other person. Those guys were idiots apparently.
Definitely.
1. A parttime programming job on the side? With a company who don't mind that you aren't available during office hours, and who will allow you to work from home. 2. Develop an app or a computer program, possibly related to (personal) finance. May or may not result in cash flow, you never know whether it will be a success or not. 3. Become a consultant yourself, start your own company. Let yourself be hired for small projects by companies, where you work hard on a project for a few weeks (remote; and in the evening hours in your case) and get paid for the result.
I'm also an impatient person :-) You're getting there, and keep going! For both your and my sake, I hope the market returns will be nice in the next few years. But you never know.
$1 million is pretty great! And there will be others who will have the same salary as you, and they will not put away *any* money, and they will still be at work at age 67, when you have been enjoying already at least ten years or retirement already being, and staying, fit and healthy. I think you'll very well capable of increasing your income as well, which means your retirement date can get closer and closer to the current date as well.
Is your father still capable of doing his own financial stuff? If not, there are legal ways to make someone else power of attorney, I believe it's called.
Except that apparently everyone is also spending a lot of money on travel and hotel rooms, which the travel companies will say "thank you" for, but they will not split their profits with you.
Nice :-)
Yup. Boiling them will solve that problem right away. Make sure to check into the burn clinic though right after, as boiling your balls may lead to some pain and infection issues. (Men with fertility issues are advised to wear lose underwear so that the temperature of their balls is lower, and to not take hot baths).
Depending on whether or not you're planning to reproduce this month, that may be a good or a bad thing.
Which is by the way not forgetting that you actually *can* get cancer from the sun, but ... still better to catch a few rays compared to never going outside ever. Vitamin D and emotional well-being and stuff.
Alcohol. That's alcohol.
Perhaps. Maybe it would be better to just have a local wedding and invite the people that you actually want to be there. You would "force" several other people to fork over several hundreds of dollars for that destination wedding, just to allow you two to avoid these maybe-painful conversations with people that you actually do not want to invite to your wedding. You would also perhaps end up with some people you'd want to be there not able to make it (due to money or time restrictions), while someone else with more money and time is coming and you actually don't care for them being there.
I would do an inspection on the house before buying. Costs maybe $500, can save you thousands and a lot of headaches.
Congrats, sounds good. Good luck on the book!
Yes, the markets are currently down, so that your robo-investment is down could well be because of that. I would find out, what exactly Voya does with your money: what is the money invested in? And what are the fees? If the fees are low ( &lt; 0.5%) and the investment options are good, I would strongly consider maxing out the 401k . By the way, make sure that the IRA doesn't get more than $5500 of your contributions this year, more is not allowed (and if you put in 10% of your pretax income, you are going beyond $5500 this year). Check out /r/personalfinance, they have a FAQ (right-hand column) which has excellent advice on retirement accounts and which options to choose within the 401k.
Glad to see that afroamerican plumbers are growing their wealth, too!
I think it is possible that interest is added that accumulated during her studies and in the one year when she deferred the loan. The total amount of interest seems to be something like $6k or so, and I can imagine that for a loan with 7% interest rate, this is what accumulated over the years (from the first day that she took out the first loan, if they were unsubsidized loans, which means that interest start accumulating as soon as you take out the loan, but you won't need to make payments until you finish your studies). However, I'm not completely sure of this. I think the most important thing for you and her is to just call the loan provider and ask them to give you a long explanation of what has been happening. It is possible that also administrative errors were made. So talk to the loan provider. Also ask why there is a late payment, perhaps you have been making too irregular payments? But that could be a different matter and (another) error by them...
Pay debts from highest to lowest interest rate, so start with the credit card indeed and when that's gone, work on student loan 2. http://unbury.us might help, as could the [FAQ on debt](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/debt#wiki_what.27s_the_best_way_to_pay_down_my_debt.3F), which also explains why focusing on the highest interest rate helps you become debtfree soonest with the lowest amount of interest paid. Congrats on getting a bonus, and good luck!
These types of health insurance, with a high deductible, are not there to help you pay for your insuline, they exist to help you out if you for example get into a car accident with pretty severe trauma, or suddenly need surgery for appendicitis, stuff like that. In short, these types of insurances are there to help you recover from what can be a catastrophic hospital bill. Now you can decide to not take one and hope that you won't have anything like that happen to you until February, or you can decide that you'd rather pay the premium for a month to insure you from these kind of risks (chances are small, but *if* it happens, you're toast). I hope that your work health care plan is a better deal for you! Lower deductible and low(ish) premium!
You say renting would cause a loss, are you sure? The mortgage payment consists of a part of mortgage interest, and a part of paying down the principal. If the rent covers the mortgage interest and other costs (like taxes), then it could be that it's not a loss. So say rent is $600/month, and mortgage payment is $700/month and taxes are $100/month, BUT the mortgage payment has $300/month going to principal, then the $600/month rent covers the interest part of the payment, and the taxes, and a little bit of the principal payment, too.
If you can't afford both, then of course you need to choose the insulin. And then let's hope that nothing terrible/catastrophic will happen to you, while you are not covered by health insurance for this month. (Of course you know that if an emergency happens, just to go to the hospital and get treatment, you can work out a payment plan later, when they have saved your life)
You're right. And you could be the poster child as to why buying isn't always better than renting a place. Now you know, right? (Sorry, that has little to do with you, but there are too many young redditors coming here saying "renting is throwing money away, they tell me, so I need to buy!") You will need to come up with the difference, and a loan is your best bet. Could be a loan at your bank, you could also consider P2P-lending (like prosper) if they offer a better interest rate to you.
I would say: it depends. And also: you can do a bit of both. We have something similar in my country (the Netherlands). You can buy an annuity with a life insurance company and it will keep paying you the same amount every month until you die. Advantage: a steady income until the month you die. Disadvantage: you accept lower returns for this advantage. So what I can imagine, is that a person puts in enough in such an annuity to guarantee a steady and fixed payment every month for the rest of their life (say, a guaranteed income on "minimum wage level") and that they put the rest of their money to work elsewhere. Personally, I am putting a few thousand euros per year in a pension plan (with tax benefits), but I'm also choosing to put a few additional thousands of euros per year somewhere else.
80% stocks / 20% bonds is what lots of people here have who are on their way to financial independence; and they will very likely reach it quicker than people who are 65% stocks and 35% bonds. Diversified and low-fee stock investments (index funds) are actually quite safe in the long run, volatile in the short run but showing a nice return in the longer run. OP is also young enough that a short downturn won't matter much either. If OP would do 80%/20%, the 20% would still be quite a lot of money, so that even an unexpected event in his personal life could be paid for from the cash, if it happened.
Very different, indeed. Well done. You're inspiring me!
You could see it like this: During the year you're getting a 0% loan from your state. You have to pay that back at tax time, and you have no trouble doing so. You also seem to have a lot of savings (or you wouldn't have to pay that much capital gains on the 1% interest you earned), so that's another thing that you've got going for you. (PS I assume that you also have some money in tax-friendly retirement accounts?).
A good CPA might indeed find ways for you to reduce your tax burden. This year, and also in the future. You could profit from possible new knowledge every year from now on. I am in the Netherlands, and our Dutch CPA so far has saved us more money than he charges. One of the advices he gave also has allowed us to save more for retirement, which makes us feel good and more secure about the future.
You might want to post this in a separate thread to have it get more attention. If so, please also give numbers (income earned for both jobs, amount of deduction you can claim for your independent contractor job).
Maybe add something about how your refund may be big if you have only worked for a few months last year...
Except when you're the one giving them bad news. Then maybe don't smile.
1. Keep budgeting. Try to keep your expenses low. Whenever you make more money than you need for expenses, put it aside in your savings account. Twice per year (say june and early december) look at the total amount that you've got in savings and decide how much you can set aside for retirement (keep some in savings, too, of course). I would start with opening and filling up a Roth IRA (maximum $5500/year), after that you have lots more of possibilities for tax-friendly retirement savings as someone who is self-employed. PS chexk out the FAQ for general info on retirement accounts, and check google for retirement accounts available for self-employed individuals). 2. I guess I would try to find a reliable second-hand car for a few thousand - hopefully one that will last you 2-4 years. I'm not sure whether you have the savings for that, yet? If not, you might have to try to secure a loan, and then I would pay that off asap, even before saving for retirement (as I assume your interest rate on the car loan will be high, unfortunately). Good luck. And thanks for serving society.
Looks like it. Try to make as sure as is possible that the car is good. Try to negotiate on the price. Make sure you are allowed to pay off the loan early (and do so). Good luck!
Oh dear, yes, weight loss on its own can already cause lower blood pressure; and then a relatively higher dose of blood pressure medication... Time to go see the doc, quickly! (Falls aren't funny when you're old).
One thing I did and that you shouldn't do, is accept the windowless small cupboard-sized room in the hotel. I can tell you that that's a recipe for instant depression. On the other hand, I fondly remember the hotel in the city center of Barcelona, with my own balcony overlooking a central square, and dancers on that square on Sunday doing traditional Spanish dances. Loved it. (NB had to find it on google maps, it was hotel Colon next to the Catedral). So: don't go cheap, spoil yourself to a nice hotel(room), and enjoy the experience.
Same here. As someone who is prone to depression, I actually also look at my cute little nieces and nephew and hope that they'll somehow be spared a bit.
Are you taking medication for hypertension, please? Have your cholesterol checked, too. Knowing that it's high means that you can do something about it. Ignoring the issue won't help. Hugs.
It is spreading, and I'm really curious what it will do to the debate of having kids or not having kids. This is I think the first time a disease makes people stop having kids. Other arguments, like "don't have kids because you are already poor" or "don't have kids because of environmental reasons" are less convincing, I think, then: "don't have kids because if you catch this disease while pregnant, your kid will come out retarded". I do hope science finds an answer for this, such as a vaccination, because I'm sure otherwise there will be more microcephalic kids in the next decade, and I don't think that's a good thing for society.
Colombia too and some people in Surinam got infected too.
True, very true.
Let me pitch in as well; then Ellie_Underscore and I can share the burden; and maybe some others as well? (I live in the Netherlands, by the way).
In the Netherlands, parents used to warn their daughters against premarital sex with: "Don't give him the milk for free, because if you do, why would he buy the cow?". (Dutch: 'Waarom zou je de koe kopen als je de melk gratis kunt krijgen?')
OP has more money than he'll ever need, why would he still "never stop working"?
Not your problem. It's very sad for these children, but they are not your responsibility. Good luck at work!
Tell her that children are no longer a subject in your discussions with her. If she talks about you having children, that's the end of the conversation for that day (or week, whatever you prefer). If she talks about other children, she can perhaps mention them ("Aunt Laura's grandchild had a birthday yesterday"), but if you then say she should drop the subject, she should drop it, or else you will end the conversation.
It's a bit like raising a child. If unwanted behaviour is punished, then it often stops. Maybe you can also reward her if she shows behaviour that you want...
I've seen people believing that if you die an old person (with artritis etc), you will be reborn in heaven with a rejuvenated body. So basically you turn 30 again.
Definitely do that. Cycles typically become very irregular and unpredictable as women age, which is why a lot of catholic families have "surprise" siblings that are 5-10 years younger than the rest of the kids. Because of the older age of the parents, these often also weren't the brightest kids, unfortunately.
I also don't know who told you that. It is probably not true. (Generally speaking the birth control pill gives a bit of protection against ovarian cancer, which sadly didn't protect your mother). If it's important to you, I would discuss this with a doctor.
Next time you talk to her, imagine that she's a big dog, badly raised, but perhaps still capable of learning new behavior...
I think involving consumer protection agencies at this point is the thing that will activate this bank... You need a strong third party which can force them to "behave"; you have given them all possible chances to resolve this themselves. Complaining with the [Federal Reserve](http://www.federalreserveconsumerhelp.gov/) might help.
Pay off the credit card in full. I don't really think it's weird that a 25-year-old pays his parent(s) rent for the privilege of having a roof over his head. Yeah, sleeping on the couch sucks, but the $400 is for rent and utilities and probably also groceries (?). Not too bad a deal, and it will be hard to replicate that if you move in with friends. So pay off the credit card in full, and I would put the remaining money in savings, becuase you'll need a buffer if you want to move out by summer.
Check out the [Fair Debt Collection Practices Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_Debt_Collection_Practices_Act) (under prohibited conduct); I'm fairly sure that what they did was illegal and you can report them for it.
Have you actually discussed this with your parents? I can imagine that you create a situation where for the first year or two you still live with one of your parents, and pay them a bit of rent every month (say 50 pounds/week) so that you help them with the bills. Your income is pretty low, it would help if you could stay home a bit longer, until hopefully the income goes up. Your help with the rent could be valuable, as could be your help with your family's situation overall (see your little siblings more often, take care of them now and then, cook a meal now and then).
You're in the wrong thread :-) There is a daily "small questions" thread, but it's not this one.
Up your contributions to the 401k and IRA, right?
Well done, finding that new job!
Definitely sounds like an option. I would create a time path (how many years here, when do you start exploring teaching jobs there, etc). I would also stay flexible, who knows what will happen in the next five years or so (I'm talking in your personal life and I'm talking politics and situations in Asia and stuff like that).
You can actually be a real advisor to your clients, instead of a salesperson... Sounds really nice :-)
I think google's your friend here. If you know pretax income and which state you'll be in, then you can get a good estimate from many websites that will extimate posttax income or paycheck numbers from pretax income.
Ouch. Sorry to hear that your friend advised a combination of investing and life Insurance. *Term* life Insurance can be a good idea to cover any people dependent on you/on your income, until you have saved enough to replenish that income, or until your dependents have grown up. Whole life Insurance or other more complicated Insurance products generally are not beneficial for you, the client, but more for the advisor and the company selling them. Only if you're really rich and want to make sure your estate tax is lower, then a product like that makes sense. For that you would have to leave an estate behind in the multimillions ... I don't think you're there just yet? So no, I wouldn't do this. Also see the [FAQ of /r/personalfinance](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/insurance) on this specific topic.
I guess I was just trying to point out that $400/month is not unreasonable/pretty good deal. Your own situation is pretty good. Well, I also think that in your situation financing a pretty expensive car was a mistake, but that's a mistake that you will be able to overcome (by paying down the car loan with some dedication and by driving the car for as many years as possible, taking good care of it), and next time you can make better choices. As for your other expenses: you could probably in the future also make better choices for your phone. There are currently plans for like $20-$50/month that probably will give you the same amount of data and minutes that you are using now. You're probably on a contract now, but when you're ready to switch, research your options. That would be a savings of multiple hundreds of dollars per year. As for your student loans: it might be beneficial to pay them off quicker. You have more income than expenses right now, your credit card debt will be gone once you have that tax refund, maybe it's time to start focusing on the student loans. In particular, if there are loans in there that have an interest rate over 5%. You can check out http://unbury.us to create a payoff plan, that page allows you to play with the numbers ("What if I pay an extra $100/month?") and then you can see how much quicker you can pay off your loans and how much interest that saves you (it tells you how much interest you'll pay, and you can of course compare the two numbers). Your father's situation is different. Ultimately, that's not your problem, and also a thing that you can't fix, really, because *he* has to fix it. I'm not sure whether you would want to stick around for a bit longer to help him, but maybe for the benefit of your sister? But yes, that's a different discussion. Most important thing for you is to get and keep your own finances in good shape. I think budgeting, trying to get better deals next time on expenses like car (transport) and phone, and getting rid of debts are smart things to do. Good luck!
Nice. Good choices and well done!
To me it seems a bit "all over the place". Why three different brokerages accounts with Vanguard, for example? And why target date 2060 for one, and 2045 for others? And then add several other investments to the target date fund as well... I would probably try to simplify - reduce the number of accounts and come up with a more simplified allocation too. I'm no expert on this, and I guess others will also weigh in on the matter. But if I personally were to inherit this, as I said, I would simplify :-)
PS. I thought about adding: Vanguard's a good choice of course, as are its funds. It could also be a lot worse :-)
Use the W-4 calculator from the IRS website!
Also, apparently, there is too much money withheld from your mother with each paycheck for taxes. That is the money that is refunded to her every year with the tax refund. Your mother can file a W-4 form with the company she works for, and then they will change her withholding and she gets a bit more money with every paycheck. (The IRS has a W-4 calculator on their website which tells your mother which number to put in on the form, to get the right amount of withholding). Note: changing the W-4 and getting more money per paycheck of course will mean that her annual refund will be lower, because she already got some of that money with every paycheck!! She should also try to make more than roughly $1200/month posttax. Get a raise, find a second job, do odd jobs like babysitting, mowing people's lawn, petsitting etc etc.
They can't claim her as a dependent if she wasn't a dependent.
She didn't pay enough tax during the year, so she got more money in her bank account than she was supposed to get. Now it's time to pay that back. There are no extra costs involved in this for her, just the money that she owed in taxes anyway, so her company has no liability for anything. If she can't pay in full before the due date, she should contact the IRS who will gladly set up a payment plan for her without extra costs to her and without it impacting her credit score or anything.
Some people get rich by being a landlord, others have to declare bankruptcy at some point. It all depends on the debts that you have (and at what interest rates), the prices at which you can buy the properties, whether or not you can get renters and how much rent they pay, how much you'll need to pay for repairs, taxes, etc.
Could you tell your uncle that he'll just have to wire you the remaining $60k? I don't know how your MIL sent the money to the US, but your uncle using cash (probably from non-declared income) is something that *you* do not want to get involved in. If your MIL sent the money by wire from her bank account to your uncle-in-law's bank account, then this uncle should have an additional $60k sitting in his bank account, ready to send to you via traditional methods and also without needing you to fly out.
Three years is too short to invest this money in stocks. The risk is too great that stocks would be worth less 3 years from now than they are worth now. I don't think you want that to happen to you. So the best thing to do, would be to keep this money in a savings account with high interest rate. It's possible that you can also find savings accounts in the UK where you promise to keep the money in for 3 years, and in return you get a higher interest rate. (In the US, this is called a CD or certificate of deposit, in the UK, I don't know). In short: find a good account where the money is safe and secure, and try to get an interest rate that is pretty nice. (NB: make sure to look beyond your own current bank, as other banks may offer better rates).
I stopped reading halfway through. Whole life Insurance, universal life insurance or permanent life insurance and you got a shitty deal. Check out the FAQ as to [why](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/insurance) this is a shitty deal for everyone except the company and your financial "advisor".
Open a free savings account. Put money that you don't need, there. That savings account will be your "car savings account", thus, it's only there to help you buy a car. It helps to have the money out of sight. You won't see a high balance in your regular account, and thus, hopefully, you're also less tempted to spend money on silly stuff.
It's not easy to not spend money on stupid stuff. There are a lot of adults out there who still haven't gotten the hang of it. I know I didn't until age 27. So if you have already stumbled across this problem now, at age 18, and it "only" cost you 2g to find out you have a problem that you need to solve, then I am glad for you, because you are now aware of the problem and can change your ways. Putting money away in a savings account can help. Out of sight, out of mind. Also, labeling the money helps: "this money is for my new car", it helps to have that idea about the money, you will probably be less tempted to spend it on something else. Finally, budgeting also may help. So for example, you give yourself $50/week for fun stuff (so $200-$250/month). If you want a $1k watch, that's fine, you'll just have to save up for four months and then you can buy it. But maybe then you think about better things to do with four months of your fun money, and that's okay, too.
If the mortgage interest rate is 4% and stays at 4% (fixed rate), I would work on the IRA. It's likely that investing in stocks within the IRA will give you an average return of 7% or so, which means it gets a better return than paying down the mortgage faster. If the mortgage interest rate is variable, then it is likely that the rate will go up in the future, and then I would focus on that a bit more. In all cases, it's also allowed to do a bit of both; so you could pay down the mortgage by $10k per year extra, and also put 2 x $4k in both IRAs. (By the way, it seems like you have at least $30k of extra cash flow in a year; so actually you can put $11k in the IRAs every year AND pay down the mortgage by $19k every year).
My dad keeps ass-porting. In the middle of conversations, he suddenly disappears. Only to return a few minutes later, laughing that it happened again. One day he's going to end up somewhere worse than in Geneva's lake, as he did three weeks ago. We're thinking about having his teleportation rights revoked.
Nice, congrats! And keep it up, of course!
Yup, same here.
The general [How to handle $]() can contain useful information for you. Also, check out the FAQs on [credit building]() and the more general [credit scoring]().
The general [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) can contain useful information for you. Also, check out the FAQs on [credit building](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building) and on [credit scoring in general](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/fico).
I'm sorry to hear this, OP. I think you have already got some good advice. I just have two things: 1: Where's your mother in all this? She's the "true" adult here, the one who should try to keep everything together. I know that's a pretty tough thing to do when you're also mourning and a bit lost, but I believe that at the very least the burden shouldn't be completely on you. You might want to share some of your sorrows and worries with her. 2: &gt; The youngest is in trade school but has recently lost interest in graduating and none of us can figure out why. I also can't, but ... this can't go on, of course. So try to find a way to make him/her talk. Find help. Perhaps the school can help, perhaps there's a counselor somewhere who can help. As a young person, you should all be eager to go, get your own life, and get a job to be able to do so. I'm a bit afraid that the 22-year-old one is hard work to get back on track, but try to catch this 20-year-old brother of yours before things get worse.
Ah. Probably not, indeed. But that doesn't matter, you'll find a new job closer to home.
&gt; I have called the bank, and spoken to them at person. They forgave 1 overdraft fee of 35$. The other 310 in fees is still there. You might try to call again, and perhaps if the person you speak to can't help, ask for a manager who might be able to help. Otherwise, if they won't budge, you'll be out of luck here. They have every right to charge you those fees (because you signed the contract that said they could do that). (By the way, you might want to consider switching to another bank later, who charges less fees - but they are rare in America unfortunately).
Indeed. And that's also why you should move away from Northwestern Mutual. I assume you're going to a low-fee investment institution such as Vanguard or Fidelity?
I would try to get rid of that cigarette addiction. The e-cigarette might help, and then slowly use less of that, too.
&gt; would have a 3% sales charge per transaction. Most of the Fidelity fund fact sheets also state a 5.25% sales charge (...) am I correct in understanding that the total entry fee for one of these funds would be 8.25%? I'm not completely sure on that. I guess I would call them and ask. Maybe you pay just one of the two, and the other one mentioned needs to be updated. I would contact them and ask. I'm surprised how expensive they are. But... I understand that this is the Hong Kong branche, and you're in Hong Kong? So their fees can be different than in the US.
No, it's not too late. Write them a letter, send it through Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested, and in the letter also give them ways to contact you (and hours to contact you).
&gt; We do have car debt and some credit card debt I would indeed pay off the credit card debt before donating to charity. Otherwise, you're charitable to your credit card provider, and believe me, they don't deserve your charity. So focus on paying off the debt, so that once that is done, you can start donating to charities. I would, by the way, also check out the FAQ in the right-hand column for ideas about saving for retirement and saving for your kids' education.
Research a few banks and a few credit unions in the area close to where you live. Find out what kind of fees they have and what kind of interest rates they offer. You want a bank or credit Union with low fees (in particular the fees for using ATMs, the fees for overdrafting your account (I hope you don't!), and any fees associated with having a debit card or maintaining the bank account itself). Then, open a checkings account with one of them that has low fees and a nice interest rate on savings accounts, and put your money in there.
I live in Europe myself. So I could tell you what to do, if you lived in the Netherlands like me. But I don't know what options you have in Hong Kong. Still, I hope for you that you can indeed find a better deal than this one!
Index funds with Meesman or Brand New Day, two Dutch online investing companies, and/or ETFs through several online brokers such as BinckBank. Fees are a bit higher than in the US, they are 0.3% to 0.6% per year, and no sales charges.
Elsewhere, too.
&gt; Tried applying to places like McDonalds Have you tried by actually going there and applying in person? I think that that might help.
Your co-worker who could retire only because her husband can provide for both of them? She's totally right that she *shouldn't* retire. The risks are too big: A. What if he loses his job for some reason? (Fired, sickness...). B. What if they divorce? So yes, she is smart to keep working. Perhaps the both of them can work towards real FI status together in a few years time (apparently they can live on his salary alone), but she shouldn't quit just yet.
Yeah, sigh.
It's completely different. With a heart transplant, they take your heart out of one body and cool it, and circulate fluid through it with oxygen in it and nutrients and other components to keep the heart stable for as long as possible, and basically take really really good care of it until they can transplant it into the other person. It's still true that they have to try and do it soon, the quicker the transplant, the more chance that the heart will do well in the new person.
Probably not. His brain probably had stopped registering at that point.
It sounds pretty scary. But you have to remember that at least in this case, that person was probably brain-dead, and at the very least completely unconscious. So they were not suffering, they did not feel/experience the lack of oxygen anymore, it did not hurt them.
Maybe she should visit a slaughter house for the facts, and then go vegetarian.
I guess I would make it a two-day wedding: one day for all the wedding pictures of the couple, the other of the real wedding, with also some pictures of the guests.
I'm rooting for you!
The first thing you should do, is to contact your bank. You call them at the number that they provide on their website for their customers. Or, alternatively, walk into your local branch of the bank. Given your story, I would say your identity was stolen last week and you were a very nice help to them.
I would definitely use the stocks to pay down the CC debt; and perhaps also part of your buffer. Maybe you can then do a smaller 401k loan (for $2000 or so?) and try to pay that back over the next six months (at $330/month). 401k loans have some risks attached to them; if you're fired or want to change jobs, you have to pay them off immediately.
It is very likely that putting the money in the market will make you more than 3.5% average per year. However, there are just no guarantees with investing. So we cannot guarantee you that investing in the market is the best move. You'll just have to live with the uncertainty ... Maybe one thing that could help, is do a bit of both: say, pay down the mortgage by 50% now (by selling some of the stocks), and then also use 50% of your future surplus income to pay down the mortgage quicker over the next couple of years. This way, you would kind of get the average of both returns. If the stock market does better than 3.5%, you've been taking part with half of your surplus money. If the stock market does worse, at least half of your money did 3.5%...
You will still have $120k/year coming in, with hardly any commuting costs etc; that's more than what most Americans earn, and thus I think you should be able with that kind of income to have a nice life now, but also to set aside some money for the future (your own retirement) and to help your parents and your children.
PS. No, no regrets. But I'm not you. For example, my parents have taken care of their own retirement and won't need my financial help; on the other hand, in a few years they *may* really appreciate me spending some time with/on them (to bring them to hospital appointments or something like that).
I'm sorry for your loss, too. :-(
Term life insurance works because most people will *not* die during the term that they choose. So you've got a thousand people's premium coming in, and you have to pay out for a handful of them, the others will survive until the end of the term.
Well, you'd still have major blood vessels in that area, so the blood loss could still kill you...
Funny how in real life, we are just happy with the one heart that we actually have...? And sometimes treat it like shit, too. I'm looking at myself by the way, and thinking back of that delicious dinner last night...
I was a bit of an idiot as a student and spend all money that was "given" to me. Paid the price afterward (although as a Dutch student in the Netherlands, my student loans had very very reasonable conditions). So don't be as stupid as I was :-) If you want, check out the FAQ (right-hand column), for example about budgeting and about paying down debt. Also, you could use http://unbury.us to see what regular debt payments can do to your debts.
T Rowe probably is pretty expensive, but I would read up on your options in the next couple of days/weeks, so that you know more when you have to make the decision.
So that's $480-$600 per month (in a 4 or 5 week month), so it looks like you should have something like $800 left over every month. Wow, nice! So now you can start planning what to do with that extra income. I'm guessing some of that will go towards a car, and some towards a super. You should also set some of it aside just for general savings, as sometimes expenses will come up that you hadn't planned. It looks like this job can help you build up your life. One thing I would caution about: don't start spending money that you don't have, yet. You are just starting out. You could lose this job. If that happens, you don't want to be in debt because you bought an expensive car or something like that. So continue to be careful with your expenses.
On the upside, you have a girlfriend. ;-)
Check out the FAQ on [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) and on [windfalls](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall) (although this isn't technically a windfall, it's still a large amount of money where you're suddenly wondering: what to do with it?)
Yes, go to the police. For now, I would focus on the fact that their friends might be trying to flee the country (if I understand you correctly). Hopefully the police will be able to understand whether or not it's really risky and urgent.
Yes, it is very sad for your friend and his mother. But acting now might prevent worse things.
Use bluebook to get an estimate of the actual value of your car. I would also contact the car loan company for how much you'd have to pay them to get rid of the payments right now. My guess is that that's less than 49x$436, because in those payments some interest over the next few years is included. Probably you still owe more on the car than what it's worth. Your friend might be able to buy the car from you and get his own loan, but you would still have to come up with the difference between his fair payment and what you owe.
&gt; traditional IRA and calculate how much I can contribute Yes. Because it has tax benefits; it's always smart to use tax sheltered places if you can. You can open a traditional IRA with Vanguard. &gt; Do I get a Vanguard Roth One can have a Roth IRA or a Roth 401k; it always means that it's a retirement account where you have put after-tax money in and get tax benefits when you take money out after retirement age (because the distributions won't be taxed at that point). So since you can't have a Roth IRA because of your high income, you also can't get a "Vanguard Roth". You can open a regular investment account, a taxable account, with Vanguard. I would do both: open a traditional IRA with them and contribute as much as you are allowed, and also open a taxable account with them and put the rest there. &gt; future Target Date fund ...target date funds are generally in the future. I get the feeling that you aren't completely sure about what all these words mean; so I would suggest reading the "Retirement accounts wiki page" (the AutoModerator links to it) to get some help with that. Good luck!!
&gt; However, I also want to spend 2 years in Europe au-pairing to improve my French and German, as a sort of investment in future careers. I wouldn't do this. You can learn French and German while you're working. I think investing in a language course will cost you less money and less time than au-pairing. (You can of course even start with free courses online; plus perhaps find someone who is German and who wants to learn better English and thus exchange languages)
I can understand your feelings :-) . I'm a bit older than you now, but I remember also being a bit scared when being about your age and going to college somewhere else. I'm glad that you have two parents who will still be around to give you advice. You won't live with them, but you will still be able to call or app them when you don't know something. (When I was on my own for the first time, I called them to ask how to boil potatoes, and how to do laundry... These days you can also try to google that stuff by the way). Perhaps your parents can also help you get a reliable second-hand car for little money? So as I understand, you'll want to move out, find a room of your own for the college year. Perhaps you'll move home over summer every summer? It's great that you have saved up some of your cash until now. That money can be really valuable to you. So keep saving cash if you can. And well done for being smart with money until now. I think most useful advice would be to learn how to budget, and how to track your expenses. We have a FAQ, which has a wealth of information. About [budgeting](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_budgeting) for example, and there's also a specific section for [15-20 year olds who are starting out](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/teachme). One more thing is that both the internet and your local public library also have a lot of advice on all kinds of stuff. But please also remember that authors and online people can also be idiots and write stupid stuff. So be a bit careful about who you believe :-) Checking multiple sources can often help.
&gt; has no estate besides pension and retirement but he is cashing that out early to be put into an account me and sibling have created I would warn against that. He should keep the money in these accounts. If he racks up credit card debt, after his death they can come after the money that he took from the retirement accounts; they can't come after money that is within retirement accounts. So I would keep the money in the retirement accounts for protection. Also, cashing out means paying penalties, while transferring those accounts to you two after his death has less penalties, in particular if you two keep the money in retirement accounts to jumpstart your own retirement savings. Edit, PS: sorry to hear that he's dying.
Ah, I had to borrow money from them for groceries, with my also pretty decent paycheck. So same kind of wake up call for me.
So this is more like a medical question. It may be related to many many things that could be happening in your body, innocent and less innocent. You should really go and get checked out by a doctor. Reddit is not a doctor. Google is also not a doctor. Go see a doctor.
That's a lot of work. By the way: spreadsheet programs have a XIRR formula for this.
Keep an emergency fund. You never know what happens. The debt needs to be paid off, but not by depleting your emergency fund.
Credit cards are the way to go. Highest interest rate first.
Finically? I think you're using the wrong word there.
&gt; My only concern is that we're splitting up our compound interest potential. No, you don't. I don't know why you think you do, but you don't. Your contributions that you added pre-2016 will still keep compounding. I would indeed open up a separate Roth IRA for future contributions.
Depends on the state that you live in. Your brother should go and find out; and so should, perhaps, your parents.
&gt; but for some reason I am still fucked, every single month (...) and I do go out every weekend. Oh hey, maybe you can STOP DOING THAT?!!!!
&gt; If I only stand to gain a pretty small amount like you said, then it's probably not worth the risk IMO. Thanks for the advice :) If your stocks went up by 40% in a year (which would be an awesome thing and very very rare), then if you have only 25% of your assets in stocks, your total assets would only go up by 10% because of it. More often you would see an increase in value of roughly 10%. In that case, the total amount of your assets would go up by 2.5% .
Well, good to have done a dry run, I guess, so that you can try another tactic next time :-) . Maybe make a schedule next time, or a to do-list, and perhaps again evaluate afterward what you liked and didn't like about it.
After you've fully funded your IRAs (I believe as a married couple, you can both fill up one every year), I would start doing taxable investing.
I think I will also let acquantainces assume that I'm becoming a stay-at-home partner.
Yes, I hear that from more blood donors. And then you should know that the finger prick isn't that bad, either.
Some people with type 2 diabetes manage to get their sugar levels under control so well that they can quit taking their medication. Usually it involves weight loss, building muscle mass, and also a bit of luck.
Ask them. But indeed, probably has to do with your blood type *and* the fact that they may have seen that you don't have certain infections that are common and harmless among adults, but dangerous for infants (like CMV).
True. You might be helping someone who was in a car accident which only reaches page 3 of the local news paper, or a woman who just delivered a baby but has a complication, or someone who has cancer and has low blood counts because of that. These things aren't very newsworthy, but you're giving someone a chance to live.
Biggest risk is that the tests have a window period: a period of time after someone gets infected during which the tests won't be able to see it. For HIV, the best tests still take at least a few days, sometimes weeks. Hepatitis, some patients only got a positive test a few months after infection . Thus, a bag of blood can be infected while the tests claim that everything is okay. That's why you want a blood donor with very low risk of infection within the last six months, at least.
The problem is that the tests don't show that you have an infection in the first day to weeks of the infection. The tests have a window period: a period of time after someone gets infected during which the tests won't be able to see it. For HIV, the best tests still take at least a few days, sometimes weeks. Hepatitis, some patients only got a positive test a few months after infection . Thus, a bag of blood can be infected while the tests claim that everything is okay. That's why you want a blood donor with very low risk of infection within the last six months, at least.
Well, doctors give blood to people who are at risk of death if they don't get it. If you can't get "risk-free" blood, you will take blood with a very low chance that it carries a disease. Risk of mad cow disease/Creutzfeldt Jakob disease is considered highest in the UK, lower in the rest of Europe. Blood can't be tested for it, unfortunately. So in the UK, they just have to take blood from whatever donors they have, in the rest of Europe we (hi, I'm Dutch) ban people who lived in the UK for more than 6 months total between 1980-1996 (the time when mad cows might have been butchered and eaten), and in the US they just ban anyone who lived in Europe.
Biggest risk is that the tests have a window period: a period of time after someone gets infected during which the tests won't be able to see it. For HIV, the best tests still take at least a few days, sometimes weeks. Hepatitis, some patients only got a positive test a few months after infection . Thus, a bag of blood can be infected while the tests claim that everything is okay. That's why you want a blood donor with very low risk of infection within the last six months, at least. The risk of getting an infection is unfortunately much higher for a man who has sex with another man or men. Other behaviour that also carries higher risk is also banned, I assume?
Don't come when you're under the influence and abstain for half a day after, as it may affect your well-being during that time.
Apparently the US? I guess because they're desperate for blood. Where I live it's also 8 weeks to let your body recover.
Yup. One shouldn't be high when coming in, and abstain from using for the next 12 hours or so.
Probably Creutzfeldt-Jakob.
Plasma is needed for people with major blood loss, so they will definitely use lots. (Thanks for donating). However, you can freeze plasma, so perhaps they have enough in storage. I would call, first. Maybe they have enough plasma and are so busy with blood donors now that they'd rather see you in a week or two.
You've got a higher chance of passing out than others, however nowhere near 100%. maybe you can go, if you take a friend who chats with you during the procedure (of 8-10 minutes) and if they put the chair flat so you're lying down. I guess if you're in the disaster area, don't go this week, as they may have to give you some more time and thus you would be taking up a chair for longer.
Ouch, yeah. Sorry. You could shave beforehand but I guess it would look weird for a while...
Yes, please do so :-)
It's yellow, right? If so, you're good. If it's all white, *then* you've got a lot of fat in it, and I would consult a doctor and have a test for fat and cholesterol levels.
Can you travel to a nearby town instead? Combine it with shopping, for example? (Shop before donating, I would say).
I guess so. Also in the Netherlands for example, the blood gets send where it's needed. There's also a standing agreement with blood banks all over Europe to help each other out in case of shortage.
It doesn't have to be about money or lawsuits. It just can be about trying to make the donated blood as safe as is possible for all possible recipients.
Indeed, A pos and O pos in Caucasian countries compete for who is most common. This differs in people originating from Africa and Asia, just due to evolutionary reasons other blood types are more common there.
Interesting. In the Netherlands, we have like 5 month storage of plasma-for-transfusion. So if you donate here, it gets frozen for 5 months. In the meantime we hope to see the donor again, do tests for infection again, and then if they're still healthy after 5 months, the plasma that was donated 5 months ago can be considered even a bit safer.
Yes, they share.
Would be no problem in the Netherlands, as long as you're feeling fit and healthy.
Sorry, but you were misinformed. Patients need blood. To combat blood loss or because they have cancer and their own body isn't making enough blood cells.
To help out other people?
Then you can't give blood. Maybe you can do something else to help? For example, volunteer at a local blood bank. Or take a course in first aid, so that you may be able to help others.
No, I would keep at least two months between two donations. After half a liter blood "loss", your body needs about six weeks to get your red blood cell count back to the level that is normal for you. Three weeks is very short.
It's an important rule to protect the safety of the blood supply. As a group, unfortunately STDs are way more common in men who have sex with other men than in other parts of the population. So if you have sex with someone from that population, you are at a higher risk of getting infected, too. The blood tests for HIV and hepatitis and syphilis will only start showing infection a few weeks to months after the infection has started. (This is called the window period of the test). But in the meantime, someone is already infectuous. So if someone has been infected say three weeks ago (with hepatitis or HIV or syphilis) and comes to donate blood, the tests will still say that the blood is fine, and the blood will be used, but there's a high risk that the patient will get infected. So you want people to abstain from any risky behaviour in the months before donation. This includes men having sex with men, but also getting a tattoo, a piercing, having sex with a prostitute ... It's just understanding where the real risks are and trying to avoid them.
It may take a day to process the blood and to run the tests. Still, you're helping people. Tblood storage is probably empty now after trying to help all the victims, so if you help fill that back up, the next person with blood loss or cancer still can get some blood, too.
The answer to that is probably "no" as it is a disease that reduces the quality of the red blood cells . I know for a fact you can't donate in the Netherlands. Sorry. Perhaps you can help out in a different way? (Volunteer at your blood bank, for example).
Yeah, you've got two good excuses to not do it :-) Thanks for trying :-)
Why not try it, once?
Yes. Blood banks will try to help each other out. At the very least you're helping to keep national supplies up.
I work at a blood bank in the Netherlands. We also don't let men donate if they had sex with another man (/ men) in the last 12 months. The reason is that the risk of HIV or hepatitis B/C infection is much higher in this group, and the tests that we do (which are the best tests in existence) don't catch an infection as soon as it has started; usually it takes a few weeks to months before the test can see the infection. This is called the window period of a test, and I wish it didn't exist, but it does. So imagine a donor got infected a few weeks ago, donates, and the tests say everything's okay. That would mean that the blood goes to a recipient, who then has a very high risk of becoming infected. So we try to find low-risk donors - and we exclude people who have had a recent risk of infection. This includes men having sex with men, it also includes for example people getting a piercing, or people who have been in contact with other people's blood recently.
This is rare. It is a complication that can happen, but it's rare. It's a shame that it happened to him. Most of the times, the apheresis takes about an hour or so and is not painful; and afterward your arm won't be bruised, swollen nor painful.
&gt; I had to go to the hospital last time because I fainted three times Hmm ... I work at the blood bank in the Netherlands, and I've just told another blood donor to not come in anymore after a similar thing happened to her and we had to send her to the hospital (where she luckily recovered completely). Listen, you do good by donating blood, but not enough good to have you suffer that much from it. Also if you look at how much it costs (both in money and effort) to help you recover from one donation, I think it's more worthwhile to let someone else donate (and you do other things that help society/the community).
It's still important, though. Although we have tests for HIV now, these tests won't detect an infection during the first days to weeks of the infection, meanwhile the blood is already infectuous. So if someone who recently got infected would donate blood, the tests would come back negative, but the patient would be infected. And also unfortunately, more men who have sex with other men are infected with HIV, but also hepatitis B and C and syphilis. One would want to exclude any high-risk behaviour. We know that current high-risk groups are men having sex with men, people injecting drugs, people being paid or paying to have sex, etc etc. So those groups are asked not to donate.
&gt; when they test it they test it all in one batch. Not true, at least in the Netherlands. They test five blood bags in one go (take a drop of blood from five test tubes and pool those), but if the test comes back positive, they retest them all, separately, to find the one that causes the problems.
It's half a liter. The blood flows through the vein and then into the needle. Average blood flow is something like 50 milliters per minute, so 10 minutes. And that's perfectly fine, too. It gives your body some time to adapt to / get used to the blood loss. You still have to take it easy during the hours after the donation, though.
Lots of people have asked this in this thread. General recommendation is more like donate every 2-3 months. In the Netherlands, women can donate 3 times per year, men 5 times per year (because generally speaking, men have more blood and also men don't menstruate ).
The rule at the blood bank in the Netherlands is that you should be free of symptoms for two weeks, and free of antibiotics for two weeks, too. For the rules in your area, I would say: call and ask.
It would probably stop you from giving plasma, too. But you can always contact them and ask.
Thanks :-)
I know. It's more like the risk gets bigger the longer you are potentially exposed, right? But of course it is entirely possible that someone went to London from somewhere in Europe on a one day bus trip, ate one piece of beef that day, and it happened to be a CJD-prion-positive piece of beef...
I guess so. Also sometimes there are some "tales" (midwive's tales or old wives tales, I guess?) that never seem to die, no matter how hard you try to kill them :-) Some people (like you) have trouble getting their iron levels high enough, indeed, no matter how healthy they live or how well they watch their diet. Others have high levels no matter what they do. You want hemoglobin levels to be high enough, both for the patient to get good-quality blood and for the donor to not have anemia after the donation. So I'm glad that we're always checking it. It is not nice to be send away because of it, though, I understand.
I guess so. Still, the red blood cells only last six weeks, so we have to keep on top of things and donors have to keep coming in regularly, otherwise we would still run out at some point.
Sounds like you shouldn't donate blood. The second time was better than the first (because it's less dangerous if you're still in the chair and can't fall or anything), but you and blood donation just aren't a good match.
There is a very real reason why men who have sex with other men should not donate. This has to do with the fact that within that group, unfortunately the percentage of people infected with an STD (like HIV or hepatitis) is much higher than in the general population. Having sex with someone from that group is thus a bigger risk of becoming infected, too. And then you should know that the current HIV and hepatitis tests aren't able to detect the illness until people have had it for a few weeks, sometimes months. (It's called the window period of tests). That means that if somebody got infected recently, the tests might not see it, and a bag of blood donated by that person might be given to a patient, and might actually infect that patient. Thus, people who are at a higher risk of getting infected (like men having sex with men) shouldn't donate.
I guess you could call them.
Ah, okay. Yes, that can't be cured, just yet. Who knows, maybe in the future.
Yes, but the risks are much lower. HIV and hepatitis are much more prevalent in the population of men who have sex with men. People are also prohibited from donation if they have heterosexual intercourse with: * someone who gets paid to have sex * someone who has abused intravenous drugs * someone who has recently arrived from a region of the world where HIV is endemic (think: Africa) and hasn't been tested for HIV Also people who are exposed to other people's blood (for example when you accidentily get stung by an addict's needle) cannot donate for a while.
Women with same-sex partners are allowed to donate. It's just that there's a higher risk of STDs amongst men who have sex with other men (unfortunately!). So not allowing them to donate means that there's less risk that a blood recipient gets an infection. (Because infection tests can't detect an infection from the first day that someone has it, there's a window period during which someone is already infected but the test will stay say everything's okay). Edit: here's the longer explanation, too: There is a very real reason why men who have sex with other men should not donate. This has to do with the fact that within that group, unfortunately the percentage of people infected with an STD (like HIV or hepatitis) is much higher than in the general population. Having sex with someone from that group is thus a bigger risk of becoming infected, too. And then you should know that the current HIV and hepatitis tests aren't able to detect the illness until people have had it for a few weeks, sometimes months. (It's called the window period of tests). That means that if somebody got infected recently, the tests might not see it, and a bag of blood donated by that person might be given to a patient, and might actually infect that patient. Thus, people who are at a higher risk of getting infected (like men having sex with men) shouldn't donate.
Sorry. Glad you are still here with us, though. Probably you can give to the community in other ways?
Yes, you do. I think OP made a mistake there.
Yup. The blood banks in Florida can ask for help from other blood banks.
There is a very real reason why men who have sex with other men should not donate. This has to do with the fact that within that group, unfortunately the percentage of people infected with an STD (like HIV or hepatitis) is much higher than in the general population. Having sex with someone from that group is thus a bigger risk of becoming infected, too. And then you should know that the current HIV and hepatitis tests aren't able to detect the illness until people have had it for a few weeks, sometimes months. (It's called the window period of tests). That means that if somebody got infected recently, the tests might not see it, and a bag of blood donated by that person might be given to a patient, and might actually infect that patient. Thus, people who are at a higher risk of getting infected (like men having sex with men) shouldn't donate.
&gt; But we aren't focusing on people with tattoos, piercings, having sex with prostitutes. Oh, but yes, we are! You can't donate if you had a tattoo in the last 6 months or a piercing. You can't donate for a year if you have sex with a prostitute. You can't donate at all if you ever have been a prostitute, or if you have ever injected drugs intravenously. So it *is* about whether or not your blood carries a higher risk for the patient.
Ha ha. Well, if you can handle that ...
They can ship it if necessary. But local hospitals also always have patients who need blood.
Aww, that sucks. Sorry, man :-(
I still think I'm right, though. But hey, I don't think this discussion is going anywhere, is it?
Perhaps you misunderstood him?
I can understand that. There is however a high chance that next time will go better, especially if they tilt the bed back right from the beginning. (And if you always drink enough fluids before the donation and have a snack in the hour before the donation). They've done research on this; and if you have felt bad during the first donation, there's a 80% chance things will go smoothly from then onwards.
What country are you living in? If it happens to be the Netherlands, I know more about pension funds/pension options in that country.
Target date fund with a target date close to your preferred retirement year. By the way: over the last year or so, the stock market has been volatile. This happens. It happens also to Vanguard funds. However, if some of your losses are due to high fees, that's going to improve by switching to Vanguard.
&gt; white liberals. They are overwhelmingly type A+. Ha ha ha ha. Thanks for the laugh.
$6 per what? Per month? Per year? One-time fee? Also, there are probably other fees, too. It is very likely, that the funds that you'll buy have their own fees; they are often called total expense ratios and they should be on the fund prospectus. There may also be separate one-time buying fees. It's ultimately about the total fees you'll pay. Hopefully the total fees do not exceed 1% of your balance per year. Preferably, they would be below 0.4% or so. If you have a bit higher fees, but you do get a nice match on the dollars that you put in, then I would put in at least enough to get the match. (Say you get matched 50% on the first 3% of your salary that you put in, and say the fees are 1.5% of your assets; then if you put in say $1500 in a year, the fees are $23, but the match you'll get is $750, so the fees are more than outweighed by the free match).
I would kindly ask your parents that they take you off of their cards as an authorized user. That way, your credit report will become empty, but in this case, empty is better. Then you can start to build your own score without their bad behaviour influencing you. If your parents had good credit, you being an authorized user would have helped your score, and you would perhaps only be glad that *their* behaviour would be used for your score. However, unfortunately for you, your parents are fiscally irresponsible and thus their behaviour now hurts you. Read up on the FAQ, the links the AutoModerator is referring you to, as it has lots of valuable information.
For me it's pretty easy, I add only one or two different contributions per month, so as long as I update the list once every half year at least, the amount of typing is manageable. I can understand it's different if you've got multiple investments.
Possibly. I invest a bit of my money in an index fund (it's a Dutch one) for "modern energy sources", so that I'm not only invested in just ONE solar company or ONE wind energy producer or something like that. I would also still be careful about this, though. You're not the only person who wants to profit from this, and when there are people who want to invest in something, there is no shortage of greedy/sleezy people who will create a "product" to sell to you. Be careful is just what I want to say. By the way, yes, I invest in this fund as I mentioned above, but only about 5% of my total assets are tied up in this particular fund, the rest of my money is in things like savings accounts and low-fee index funds. If you want to "bet" on new energy sources taking off, don't do it with *all* of your money!
Move states?
If your new job offers a 401k and matches the money that you put in there (up to a certain amount), you should put money in there (up to that certain amount). If you have other debts with higher interest rates, focus on them. The AutoModerator has some good links for you. Good luck!
You don't want to pay any interest, ever. You always want to make your payments in full, before the due date. So, if you do that, then the interest rates doesn't matter. And then the only difference between the two cards is the rewards program.
They're all looking pretty good. So you've got a richness of good funds to choose from :-) . If you go 100% stocks (you can), be aware that you're also signing up for the volatility that comes with that. The value will go up and down a lot, because that's how stocks work. By the way, the 2060 retirement fund also has a very high percentage of stocks currently, so its value will also go up and down a lot, but a bit less than something with 100% stocks.
&gt; Edward Jones or somewhere Don't do Edward Jones. They are expensive. Find a better firm for your IRA and for your taxable investments; this subreddit suggests looking into Vanguard, Fidelity and Charles Schwab for their low-cost and diversified index funds or ETFs (or target date funds, which consists of several index funds combined). Second, what matters is the tax benefits. If your husband is in the say 20% tax bracket now, if he choses the traditional 401k, he won't pay 20% income tax on the money that goes in the 401k. He *will* have to pay income tax on the distributions, 30+ years from now or so, but at that point, if his total income is lower, his tax rate will probably also be lower (nobody can predict the future, of course).
You've already made an excellent analysis of your situation. &gt; If I keep the car now, the only real benefit is that I can travel more and might be better situated next year (if I move to LA). However, the cost is $4500+$8300 (the upkeep costs listed above + the value I would receive from selling the car). That's a lot of money. &gt; If I needed a car next Aug, wouldn't it just make sense to buy a used car, although risky, because I'll only spend around $10k? Yes, I think that that would make more sense. There's only a 20% chance that you *are* moving to LA next year, so in reality, selling now is going to "make" you $12800 (selling the car and not paying for expenses/repairs) - with a 20% possibility that a year from now, you'll need to spend $10k from that for a good and likely reliable second-hand car. I would definitely sell. What I want to add is that you might consider renting a car now and then. If you want to go out of the city once every month, rent a car for the weekend. That's going to cost you $200-$300 in total for a weekend, maybe a lot less if you find good deals (perhaps SF has a car-sharing app/group where you can rent from an individual for less?). That's still a lot less expensive than keeping &amp; maintaining this car.
I can understand that your father is a bit lost at the moment. This diagnosis is a complete shock to everybody (and I'm so sorry that it this is happening to him, and to you as a family). I think it's important to start working on this now. That way, you can keep in good standing with the mortgage company until the house is sold (very important), and that way, you may also be able to either find an apartment/house where they will accept you with your dogs, *or* to find them the best possible new boss and make the transition smooth for them. So start exploring and acting now, and you'll have more time to work on getting the best possible outcome in this unfortunate situation. Best of luck.
Can you also do a bit of both? Work more at your other job during 1 week, and take a holiday during the other week?
Also check out the [FAQ on windfalls](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall) .
You could keep $1000 in savings as a small emergency fund, and then use all other money to pay down the debts with, starting with the credit card with 22% annual interest rate. After that, I would first look into the exact criteria for CC #2 and #3: if the 12 months are up, will they add *all* interest that accrued during this year to the balance? Or will they just start with $0 interest and building from then onward?
If you would pay it down in regular payments over the next six months, it will cost you roughly $150 of interest for the first month (2% of $7500) + $130 for the second month + $110 + $ 90 etc for a total of $640 of interest or so. If the fee is higher than $640, don't do it :-)
&gt; Als ik ipv 1x p/maand 1x p/2 maanden ETF's koop, zouden mijn kosten met een BINCK basic account naar beneden gaan? Is dit een juiste conclusie en is het dit waard? Ik denk dat dit het waard is. Je belegt nog steeds gespreid, en of dat nou 1 x per maand of 1 x per 2 maanden is, dat maakt op de lange termijn niets uit. Je krijgt inderdaad 250 euro tegoed bij aanmelden, dit is geloof ik 2 maanden houdbaar? Dus je kunt je eerste 5000-7500 euro gratis inleggen en de eerste 2 maanden ook nog gratis je maandelijkse inleg doen. Ik heb een Binck basic account genomen, heb een groot bedrag in één keer belegd (kwam van een andere beleggingsrekening met hogere kosten), en ik ben van plan om eerst geld op de spaarrekening te sparen totdat ik weer 2000 euro heb, en dit dan in één keer te beleggen in een ETF, dat zou dan dus 10 euro kosten (want de minimum-transactiekosten voor ETFs zijn 10 euro); dat vind ik het wel waard. Ik heb ook zo'n 500 euro per maand over, dus ik verwacht dat ik dit "maar" 3 keer per jaar kan doen, maar ik vind dat ook al voldoende spreiding door de tijd heen.
I would say this is not about financial independence. This is something for /r/personalfinance and I guess /r/legaladvice
&gt; we have $9,000/month of expenses, which includes our mortgage at $3,500/month, and our nannyshare at $2,000/month. So, expenses without the mortgage and the nanny, $3500/month. And I'm also by the way pretty sure that you could drop them down further, when you have some time to think about your expenses and to arrange for better deals. So annual expenses: $42,000 - assuming a paid-off house. You would have a net worth of $1.3 million - plus a paid-off house. Meaning that if you had absolutely no other income during the year, you would need to spend 3.2% of your assets every year. That's a pretty safe withdrawal rate. I would retire now; and I would look into getting your expenses down to $39k/year (for a 3% safe withdrawal rate) *or* to earn $3k-$10k/year with some kind of parttime or consulting job for one of you two.
So... maybe the strategy won't work as well in the UK right now as it did at some point in time in the US?
I agree with this. I already "gave away" one job task to someone else, because I'm financially comfortable and didn't need the extra work hours/extra income that the task comes with. Now colleague A. can work those hours, grow in her career, and make that extra income and provide for her family in a better way.
It sounds like your father is doing well with his real estate / land. Value of several million dollars, $300k of debt (hopefully mortgages with low interest rates?). If he is careful with his cash flow (making sure there's always enough money coming in to pay debts, taxes, insurance, repairs etc), then this can be his strategy. A few of my concerns would be: 1. These assets can all be lost in a bankruptcy (401ks and other pension plans are safe). He should probably have good liability insurance and health insurance to help minimize the risk. Plus consider investing some in his current job's retirement plan. 2. These assets ask time from a smart manager. He is that manager now and has the time, but at some point his health could fail him somehow. He should have a plan of what to do then (Sell? Let someone else manage things?) 3. He can continue to buy new properties as more money is coming in, but at some point I would ask him to consider diversifying by also investing. Keep his real estate/ land portfolio of a manageable size. For you, I wouldn't hesitate to let him pay your tuition, he is rich enough to do that without suffering. Of course, you should use the money to get a good education, so that you will become an independent adult with a career of your own.
Volgens mij bestaat er al een vergelijker van beleggingsinstituten. Dan vul je een paar vragen in (hoeveel vermogen, hoe vaak wil je beleggen, hoeveel, en waarin) en dan geven ze adviezen. Is dus wel vrij "grof", maar dat kan al een richting geven voor waar je verder naar wil kijken. Het is wel jammer dat het vaak zo ondoorzichtig is, en dat elke broker weer z'n eigen structuur aan fees heeft, waardoor je ze niet gemakkelijk kunt vergelijken. Als je bijv. vaak kleinere hoeveelheden koopt, dan kan de ene broker beter zijn, terwijl je bij een andere beter zit als je al met een grote som geld aankoopt en verder nog maar af en toe bij wilt beleggen.
Hmm, sorry, I don't find the fact that babies can be born with their brain out of their skull very uplifting.
You might want to try /r/financialindependence . In short, if your posttax income is something like $10k/month (?) and you're spending only $2250 of that, then you are on the shorttrack to financial independence, with a savings rate of 77% or so. I don't think I would recommend spending (even) *less*; maybe having more income might be possible for you, but you've already got a nice amount of income to work with. I would keep investing, both within the 401k and outside of it. Maybe you don't need $2 million - that would give an annual income of $80k, it may not be necessary to have that much of income, not even when you get a family or when you would want to support your parents, too. At some point, you may have to consider whether you want more money (and keep working) or have enough money and want more time. But right now I would say: you're doing well; and keep going, keep going.
The one advantage would be that perhaps shortterm you would have more cash flow (as you state, paying it off would mean getting rid of that $115/month payment). However, you're doing that at a price, a price of the interest that you'll pay on your credit card(s). If you focus on the credit cards first, you will reduce the amount of interest you pay and so in the long run, you'll pay less money in total towards interest, and you'll also be debtfree sooner. However, in some situations the shortterm need for improved cashflow can triumph over the longer term need for an improved debt situation.
&gt; what strategy should we pursue to pay off her student loan (I've read here and elsewhere about finding an amount smaller than the total they'll take as a lump sum to buy out the debt,) You're not going to get that with student loans. Prepare to pay the full sum.
I just want to wish you good luck. I konw it can be hard for someone just starting out.
Hey, donations is money, too. They are a business, they're not going to say "no" to any money that they can lay their hands on.
I would start saving *more*, actually. You have a very very nice income. People make big families "work" on much, much less; so you can live a pretty luxurous life and still save, too. And get that much-needed vasectomy, of course.
Well, how does one measure the year?
Yup. God actually *wants* you to burn in hell, that's why he tries to trick you in not believing in him. (Lost my faith long long ago; religions have some pretty great ways of manipulating people's minds and emotions).
I'm not sure whether I would count them as a religion; perhaps more as a life philosophy.
Bullshit.
Well, in the end you have to pay them back anyway, so you didn't screw up too much, I would say. It is possible that keeping them apart would have helped you; it also would have helped you to put extra money towards the loans with the highest interest rates and pay them off, first; which would speed up the repayment process. In the end, you might have cost yourself a few bucks, but hopefully you're able to repay this debt and then enjoy being debtfree.
Hebben ze ook de Think sustainable ETF (ticker TSWE) bij DeGiro?
So if your balance was $4000 on June 15th, and say 1% interest accrues per month, then if you request a payoff balance now, they for example assume that they'll actually get your money on say Monday June 27. And they also want you to pay interest until the day that they receive your money. That means that between the reported balance on June 15th and the 27th, 12 days have elapsed. During those days, interest keeps accruing. The difference shouldn't be too big. For example, if your interest rate is 6% per year (0.5% per month), then for 12 days it should be like 0.2% interest on the total balance that you pay more.
&gt; This guy is REALLY pushing a whole life policy which I feel I don't need This is not a thing where he knows best for you. This is a thing where he wants to *sell* you this, because yes, he gets a big commission. &gt; I haven't asked if he is a 'fiduciary' and am wondering if he's after some hidden commission. Yes. He's probably pushing some whole life insurance on you, or another complicated policy, and part of those are huge, huge fees (at least a few percent of whatever you put in per year - which is way, way too much), and those go to the people who sold you the policy and to the insurance company. &gt; The more he explains retirement planning, the more it seems like I can just do this whole thing on my own. Well, you needed someone to explain things to you, which he did. (But you could also have easily read up about retirement account planning yourself). But yes, you can easily open an IRA yourself, and you can easily choose which options to invest in in your 401k and IRA yourself. A **GOOD** advisor *might* be useful: 1. for people who absolutely detest anything about financial planning. It would be like hiring a housecleaner: you can easily do it yourself, but sometimes you're just too lazy/ can't be bothered. 2. for people who react very emotionally to the stock market. Here a financial planner could help them create a more balanced plan and stick to it, too.
I would prioritize the credit card debt. But of course, of course, pay back the friend too, as soon as you can. Perhaps for you it is wise to check out the FAQ on [how to handle money](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) and [debt](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/debt). You're not the only one struggling with debt, of course, but there is probably a way out, so that you'll never have to be in this situation again.
Ah, and that interest rate isn't very bad, either. If the rates were 3% and 7%, now that would be worthwhile differences to pay down the debt with 7% interest rate, first. Congrats on having such nice interest rates. Good luck with paying off the debt!
Errr... Men actually can "break" their penis; it's called [penile fracture](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penile_fracture). Sorry, now you know...
Hurray, I found the person who can predict the future!
"Dear reddit, TIFU..."
The investment house I was with in the Netherlands, changed the allocation of their "mixed" fund (stocks&amp;bonds in one fund) to mostly bonds *after* the drop had happened "because the markets looked glum". That's when I knew that they were, well, full of shit. I had only started investing recently with my first couple of hundred euros, so that's when I took my money out and bought index funds instead. I also know of one prestigious Dutch wealth management firm where multiple clients where suing them for losing the clients' money. I know because one of their wealth managers was an acquaintance.
Only your jaarruimte, if you have any. Plus investments that are recognised as environment-friendly by the Dutch IRS.
Congrats on your amazing, excellent, awesome current situation! You've worked very hard to get here, too, so well done, sir. Some remarks: &gt; 3) Potential of a third kid. A risk very, very easily avoided by a thing called birth control. A vasectomy perhaps? By the way, if you have AND a military pension AND $2 million of assets many years before the third child reaches the age to go to college (if you start now, the child will be 7 by the time you retire and have $2 million of assets), I think you will *all* be completely fine, anyway. &gt; 5) Getting stationed in some location with awful school districts requiring private school This would happen in the next 8 years, when your two children are between the ages of 3 and 11; and between the ages of 0 and 8; so the risk is minimal and temporary; it would only be for a few years, after which you would be able to move to a different district again.
I believe Vanguard had a study showing that in 2/3rds of cases, lump sum did better than dollar cost averaging (putting in equal amounts over 12 months). (NB [this](https://pressroom.vanguard.com/nonindexed/7.23.2012_Dollar-cost_Averaging.pdf) source - see page 3).
When are your creators going to be so rich and influential that they're going to stop bothering reddit?
I'm sorry to hear that your dad died at such an early age. Given how healthy he lived, he may have had a hereditary factor causing for example high blood pressure or high cholesterol level. Perhaps you could get a checkup, and if everything's okay now, repeat every two years or so.
... And a university degree doesn't mean you have to take on $80k of debt.
So instead of finding out what you really want to do, you should go to work for 40-50 hours per week, just to keep yourself busy?
As you might know, atherosclerosis is just the "direct" cause of the heart attack. Atherosclerosis itself is caused by other things like high cholesterol levels or high blood pressure. So yes, go get checked. I think it's better to know and get preventive treatment than to just not know.
"Off to buy cigarettes. Ta!"
I hate it. Just give me the situation, not some bouncing ball castle.
For starters, it's building dykes, and draining polders ;-)
...well, those are the ones who apparently cared enough to have their opinion heard. The people who didn't vote, chose not to vote.
&gt; campaigning for re-entry once we're out. ["Brentry"](http://speld.nl/2016/06/24/cameron-wil-referendum-brentree/) :-)
Not *really* start over, though. You've got yourself an excellent education in the UK, that's very valuable. Good luck!
Just use a spreadsheet program. Or even pen and paper. Common categories are: housing, utilities, food/groceries, clothes, personal care, transport (car or other), fun. And then you'll have a BIG category called savings, and you should budget a lot of money for that for the big things that you'll want to buy, such as braces. I would start exploring how much it will cost to get braces. Then you could either start having them as soon as you can pay the bills from your salary (say, a dentist will treat you for 300/month, if you have 300/month left in your budget you can start right away), or you can first save up until you have the full amount that you need (say, the dentist wants 1500 upfront for half a year of treatment, then save up that amount first).
Abstinence, username "pope" - I was thinking in completely different directions now. :-)
Hypertension is one of the causes of atherosclerosis. For your family, you may consider talking to a geneticist specialized in familial cardiovascular syndromes, or to a cardiologist who has a specific focus/attention for familial cardiovascular syndromes. While hereditary high blood pressure or hereditary high cholesterol / high fatty acids are common causes of hereditary atherosclerosis, there are also rarer syndromes which may play a role in your family. A geneticist or cardiologist who has specialized in familial heart problems might be able to check some rares genes/gene mutations. Personally, I am a doctor who just works at the blood bank. My comment was more in general to be aware of possible risk factors, in particular when you've had people in your family die of heart disease at relative young age (and specifically when they lived a healthy lifestyle). I know that there are some syndromes in families which can cause a higher risk of heart disease, but I don't know the details. I think a geneticist could help.
Good. Maybe it helps. No guarantees; I do know that sometimes it's also very clear that something runs in the family, but the mutation cannot be found (yet). We need to learn more about genetics. But maybe in your case, it can already be pinpointed.
Check out the subreddit /r/financialindependence &gt; and make on average 125k a year gross. Okay, that's a good start. &gt; My wife stays home to take care of the kids (third one coming in august). Of course having kids will slow down your progress a bit, but yes, what can you do? You're unionized with a nice pension plan - we won't know until you actually turn 60 and older whether it will still be around at that point, or how much exactly it will be, but it definitely is a plus. &gt; I also get 8 dollars an hour I work put into a 401k. It has roughly 92,000 in it right now. This *definitely* is helping too. That's your money, and it's going to grow from your contributions and on its own, too. &gt; Basically at 60, I don't think I have any problems with money. But I don't want to retire at 60. So I started doing investments on my own (no roth, ira, etc since I want to draw on it at 55). Ah, okay... now we're talking :-) . By the way: you *can* take out your contributions to a Roth IRA before official retirement age. So you could put in $5500 per year for the next twenty years (assumed the maximum amount per year stays $5500; probably it'll go up), and then you are allowed to take out 20 x $5500 = $110k *before* official retirement age. People also state that you can take out money penalty-free from a 401k by doing a rollover. However, these are options currently, at some point the laws may change and then you may be stuck. So I understand that you also would want some money in taxable accounts, and given that you'll pay the long-term capital gains tax, and probably have a lower income when you're retired, the taxes that you'll pay will probably be very low anyway. You can do a three-fund portfolio for your taxable investments, with a US component, an international component and some bonds. You could also consider investing in a target date fund or lifecycle fund with Vanguard; as these also contain several subfonds.
/r/personalfinance is a better place for these kind of questions. But yes, separate accounts.
Kun je hulp vragen? Ofwel een studiemaatje en dat jullie dan elkaars voortgang beoordelen (en elkaar stimuleren en zo), ofwel misschien iemand van de uni die je kan begeleiden? Soms helpt het gewoon om bijv. even elke vrijdag of zo de voortgang te moeten melden. En anders maak je er maar een wekelijks redditdraadje van, toch? "De Voortgang van GingerPolarBear, week 26", zoiets...
Iets met ... sociale angst? Maar goed, sterkte hoor !
Eh, ik weet niet, ik ben ongesteld. Hoofdpijn, lekken. Ruilen?
Misschien dat je als blanke man (en dan vooral een iets rijkere blanke man) grotendeels alleen maar de leukste stukjes van de wereld meemaakt. Ik denk dat je bij deze mevrouw iets vergelijkbaars kunt zeggen: als je een witte, rijke, hoogopgeleide vrouw bent, krijg je waarschijnlijk ook best een leuk leventje.
I'm so sorry for your daughter that this has happened to her :-( . There are rubbish people out there in the world, and it's sometimes so easy to fall for their lies. I hope she feels better, soon.
It's the material for literature. Nay, for a Shakesparian play.
My index funds in stocks and bonds. My personal 2016 returns were 7.9%.
* make the savings automatic. Have $1k transferred automatically every week, say, on Friday. * make a spreadsheet and plot the planned situation. Then over the year, compare real situation to expected and see whether you're getting where you wanted to be. * choose a savings account with a good interest rate, and in the future, don't be afraid to change to a different institution if they offer better rates.
Nice low fees! Your allocation looks good to me. Be sure to keep company stock at 10% and not more. Rebalance if necessary (I would say twice per year, and definitely an extra time if company stock goes up to over 20% of your portfolio).
You have $17k in debt, so no, you can't afford to buy a new cat just yet. I think you should tell your aunt that while you'd love to have a cat, you're not in the right position in your life to afford one (responsibly), right now. Then let her decide whether she wants her check back. You might learn some new things about debt and credit from the wikipages that are linked in the right-hand column. Or here: [credit](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_credit) and [debt](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/debt).
Check out ["How to handle $$$"](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics). As a business owner, staying on top of your expenses (step 0) and having an emergency fund to help you deal with irregular income (step 1) are important. I would add: 1. Keep on top of your income: who has been owing you money for too long? 2. Get a good administration going and keep at it 3. Understand what taxes to pay and stay on top of that, too By the way, one thing to do with irregular income is to have all income go to a savings account, and from there to give yourself a regular "salary" from which to pay your expenses. Of course, make sure that the salary is a bit less than what you earn on average, so that you'll always have some money in that savings account.
&gt; My question is why the inter bank can charge 5x more for failing to deliver the money than for actually delivering it. Because it's an American bank and American banks suck. They take fees from their customers at all possible points in time. More than what happens in Europe or perhaps also in Vietnam. The fact that they couldn't transfer the money to your own bank (HSBC Vietnam), because your bank account there was closed, could very well be a condition where they indeed charge a fee. Probably something like "Hey, somebody asked us to do something, then we couldn't do it, but we used our precious, precious time to find out that we actually couldn't do it, so here's a $50 fee. Thank you". So I think it's unfortunate, but I don't think you will be able to get this money back. Next time, try to do everything right on your side (use your right name, use a bank account that will be open at the time of the transfer) and hope for the best.
Exactly like it? No. Something similar? Sure. So far we have had many, many different economic crashes for many different reasons. It is very likely that there will be many more different economic crashes and half-crashes in the future. It seems to be "part of the deal".
By the way, this is not the right subreddit. This subreddit is more for getting practical advice about your personal finance. You might want to consider asking this question elsewhere. But I don't know where exactly. It seems like an "economy" or "American economy" question.
I don't know all the answers, but: you realize that even if you have to pay capital gains tax, then the tax will be only a part of your total gains? In other words, while you *could* have gotten more money if you had done something differently, even if you're going to have to pay say 25% capital gains tax on your gains, the other 75% of the money will be yours. I would pay down debt with it... I'm glad you're also going to meet with some professionals over this.
Utilization rate should be below 30%. So use less than 30% of the limit. This is reported once every month to the credit reporting agencies, so your balance needs to be &lt; 30% of limit at that point in time. You can ask your credit card company when they report the balance; they may or may not want to answer that question. You *can* use the strategy that whenever your balance goes up to over 30%, you pay it down at that point in time to again get it under 30%.
This can be a very useful article, OP, to understand why what you're trying to do isn't going to work.
Nobody can predict when a crash will happen. Keep doing what you were doing, and in particular: keep adding money, as much as you can (as the not so good saver that you are, you have to at least give it a try). Leave it all in, and ride the wave, all the way to the other side of the next recession (that is going to happen at some point in the future, but again, who knows when...).
Je kunt het natuurlijk zelf ook wel berekenen. Ik denk dat berekenhet.nl wel een tool heeft om te zien hoeveel je per maand, of in ieder geval per jaar, aflost. Misschien leuk om een keer naar te kijken, het motiveert vast.
Een redelijk mooie 13e maand, maar wel de zorgpremie in 1x betaald, dus spaarpercentage "slechts" 50%. Gemiddeld spaarpercentage voor 2016 daarmee 38% van mijn netto inkomen, verdorie net geen 40%. Niet veel geld uitgegeven aan cadeautjes, dat was goed. Door zieken op het werk en in de familie werd het een wat drukkere en meer chaotische maand dan gedacht; inmiddels is dat weer wat verbeterd. Beleggingen deden het natuurlijk prima in december. Gemiddeld in 2016 6,9% groei, van aandelen en obligaties gemengd.
What European country do you live in? You might want to check out /r/eupersonalfinance, too.
Nice country. I'm from the Netherlands, so can't advise on being a landlord in Slovenia. Don't know enough details.
I would seriously reconsider the illustration degree. That's $60k for an art degree! You have roughly $2900 of monthly income to work with. What are the expenses like? (including those for the repairs etc for the rentals).
2016: * Saved roughly € 16k after tax and the maximum pre-tax allowed (€ 700) * Earned roughly € 40k after tax - a new high * Reached €100k net worth * Very nice and expensive holiday 2017: * Earn at least € 40k again :-) * Save at least € 18k (no expensive holiday) * Reach € 130k net worth (markets willing) * Get a certain finance diploma (to become Dutch certified personal finance planner)
I see a possible thinking error of yours at the end of your Q1. You seem to think that you'll lose more money if you pay say 15% of tax *after* a certain period of growth (traditional) than if you pay the same 15% of tax *before* the period of growth (Roth). This is not the case. The end result will be the same.
Did you spent three days agonizing over it? Or did it take three days because you were busy doing other and more important things?
I think minimalism *can* be a part of reaching FI-status, but you can also reach FI status without it. And, the other way around, if you are a minimalist who doesn't earn a lot of money and/or spends all their money on expensive big ticket items, experiences, or even charities, you will not reach FI-status.
You're missing a few words
You can set aside money for them in a taxable investment account, owned by you (not accessible by them) . Let that money grow, and after ten years give them money from this account at your discretion (when they need it, or the same sum every month, however you think is best). Given how bad they are with money, I would keep the account in your name.
Your first two paragraphs are correct. But try it, compare it: say, $10k original, pretax sum. 7% per year growth during 30 years of growth. Same percentage of taxes taken either before or after growth (Roth vs trad). My statement is that you'll end up with the same amount of money.
&gt; $1,133.80 bi-weekly. As of now, no rent but cc bills and bit of shopping/going out to eat, etc. So, you *could* be paying down your debts by roughly $2000 per month. That would leave $270 for your "shopping/going out to eat" hobby. That would also mean that you'd be debtfree in six months (allowing one month extra to pay for the interest that builds up in that time). I am afraid, that you are spending way, way too much on your shopping and eating out habits. Getting serious about paying off the debt would help.
&gt; However, I am very hesitant to put my money in the stock market right now since the forecasts seem to suggest that a recession or at least a correction are coming. It makes me feel really irresponsible to see that money sitting in the bank losing, value, though. You could use the dollar cost averaging strategy. From the $70k surplus money, put in $10k every two months, starting tomorrow, next round on March 6, round after that on May 6 etc. In the majority of cases, dollar cost averaging is less profitable than investing the lump sum right away, but: a. *if* in the next 14 months a market crash happens, your dollar cost averaging may turn out to be more profitable b. if dollar costs averaging helps you to start and keep investing your money, then it's better than not daring to do anything.
This is an /r/personalfinance question. And they will recommend to roll over the old 401k to an IRA and just to pay off the debt over time from your incomes. That subreddit has a [how to rollover](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/retirementaccounts/rollovers) wiki page, too.
Make do with the 2009-car for a while longer, pay off the car loan for the other car and save up money in the meantime.
/r/legaladvice.
Those people are making an error when they do that.
Aha, so you still *have* an emergency fund. Because you *have* money that you can move around if necessary. The "harping", as you state it, is because some people don't have anything. A large percentage of Americans, and I think the same is true for Canadians and Europeans, could not come up with $1000 for an emergency, even if you gave them a week. That's the big issue. Furthermore, it helps to have say $1000 readily available. People have to suddenly fly to another part of the country because a parent falls ill. Your car breaks down and you want it repaired plus you need to pay the cab to bring you to work, pronto.
I would continue saving until you have the 20% downpayment. Also, you would want the price of the house to be a maximum of three times your annual pretax salary. I would look into improving your careers. For your wife also, can she get more certifications?
There's the 4% safe withdrawal rate. The idea is that your investments (75% stocks, 25% bonds) will allow you to withdraw 4% of them in the first year, and that amount adjusted for inflation every year after for at least thirty years, without running out of money. This is possible because the stocks and bonds give enough to cover both the expenses and the inflation. You could read up on the [Trinity study](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trinity_study) that proved this. If you want to go safer, take out not 4% but 3% in the first year. This means that you'll need 33 times the amount that you want to spend per year in retirement. For my projections of the growth of my assets, I always subtract 2% growth to cover for likely average inflation over the years. So if I think growth is 7%, I use 5% in my calculations to get the then-value in now-dollars.
You might be stuck in California because of your work. Otherwise I would move to a cheaper part of the country.
You are betting that the total returns of your investments (dividends + capital gains) will be on average higher than 3.7% It is likely that over time you'll win that bet (I think there's a high probability that the returns will be more than 3.7% in the long run), but nobody can predict the future, so it's also possible that you'll lose money on your investments and still will be required to pay back those student loans.
Yes, you could be the right person for this. In general, don't buy a house or condo when you'll probably be moving within the next five years (because of buying and selling costs). Don't buy a condo when you can't stand some noise and nuisance from the people living around you. (Not a lot, but you have to be able to tolerate some noise). Make sure you can afford all the costs that come with buying a condo, indeed including the HOA, but also insurance, taxes, etc.
I would consider an IRA. [wiki page on IRAs](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/iras)
This person knows exactly what kind of future to expect: working until he (or she) drops. And when he drops and doesn't die immediately, the government won't let him starve (but well, it won't be much fun). So it seems like they've got their facts straight. Sometimes people can't be convinced. They don't feel connected enough to that future person to sacrifice anything now. They may pay the price later.
Yes, that's compounding interest. With stocks, if they grow say 5% in the first year and 10% in the second year, total growth isn't "just" 15%, but actually it's 15.5%, the 0.5% is the compounding.
I believe your income is still low enough to also contribute to Roth IRAs. Check out contribution limits of IRAs (on the IRS website), and if you can, open two accounts with Vanguard (your wife and you) and add 2x$5500 for 2016 (you can do that until you've filed your taxes) and 2x $5500 for 2017.
Become their client and pay for the information.
No, there isn't, unfortunately. Just pay it off as soon as you can to pay as little interest as is possible.
You might actually have a relationship-issue at hand when your future wife doesn't spontaneously tell you that she is being sued.
Talk to an estate lawyer. She could gift some of the money now, while she's still alive. Then it's a gift and not an inheritance.
Yes. So annually that's roughly $350 of interest, which means that your $7000 debt has roughly a 5% annual interest rate. That also means that if you use say $100 from your next paycheck to pay it down, you'll save yourself $5 of interest over the year, and your daily interest goes to $0.92-0.93.
Did you talk to the financial aid office at your college/uni?
How were you thinking about having children with him? Will he raise them with his religion? Will you, at the same time, be telling your children that your husband, their father, is spouting nonsense (according to you at least)? To me it seems like you found out relatively early in your relationship that the two of you are just not compatible at all. You did not really know your husband before you married him, and he didn't really know you. There may be attraction, there may be love, but your futures will not work out together. I would file for divorce now, and wish him the best in finding a more compatible partner. Same for you.
Well, I've heard of a person who actually did that. An (American) professor who had a bit of money, was 63 or so, and had a family that he wanted to leave the money to. He got diagnosed with metastasized cancer and chose to not undergo chemotherapy to prolong his life (it would not have cured him). One reason was that he also knew that the chemo would have side effects, but the other reason definitely was being able to leave the money behind for his family. Of course I'm talking here about an adult who chose to not spend his own money on his own treatment. If your child got cancer, that's definitely a completely different situation from what I describe here.
They might live in a state where there are subsidies for people with low income. You might live in a state where there are no subsidies for young single people with low income.
That's definitely very smart, and keep going. Get that heavy burden off of your back. NB have you looked into refinancing for a lower interest rate?
This loan will be on your credit report that they will look at to decide whether or not you can get a car loan. That will influence their decision in a negative way. They will at least think about whether you'll be able to handle both car loans at the same time (if your friend stops paying, you have to take over their monthly payments).
So you don't have a mortgage or a car loan, your family has three jobs... What are you spending all of your income on? Would there be ways to make smarter choices there?
You have posted a similar story in /r/realestate. I do not think you deserve the attention of the kind people on this subreddit.
Don't compare yourself to others. You have been doing pretty well so far, and soon you will be able to start making strides towards your goal. If you do so, you will reach it.
Except if the credit card company would reduce your limit for some reason, and you can't borrow that money anymore.
You start putting money in a savings account for this. Once you've reached $60k or so, you can sell your old car and buy the car.
I would ask in /r/ausfinance. This subreddit also has a [list of priorities](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics), but they are US-oriented. They might give you some insight/inspiration, but the advice is not completely applicable.
As soon as a paycheck comes in, transfer money to pay off the debts. Either an automatic transfer, or do it manually. "Pay yourself first"- principle: before you do anything else with the income, set aside that money to pay down debt with (and when the debt is gone: transfer it to savings/retirement)
Keep renting for a while longer. I would say until your wife has started her career. That will do a lot of good things: 1. Give you time to save up for a larger downpayment 2. Give you two a higher combined income to pay the mortgage with 3. Give you two a better idea on where best to live (based on both of your commutes) 4. There's a chance that in the meantime the housing market will cool down a bit. (Also a chance that house prices will go up a bit more, but then points 1 and 2 would still help).
I would contribute to the Roth and start looking for that front end web development job...
Stay on top of your budget. One more thing your husband and you could look into is to lowering the interest rates. Four possible things, really: 1. See whether either of you qualifies for another credit card with a 0% introductory interest rate and rollover money to there. 2. See whether either of you qualifies for a personal loan at the bank for a lower interest rate than what you currently pay. 3. See whether you could open a HELOC on the house's value (home equity) and use that to pay down debt with. Then pay off the HELOC, of course (!). 4. Call the credit card companies and ask for a lower interest rate.
I would wait a little bit. Say, a week or so. And: what's your current utilization rate?
I would pay the bills and minimum required amounts on all debts, and then focus the rest of your money on the line of credit that is shared with your ex. Put all of the backpay towards it, too. That makes you a debtfree man even sooner.
Yes, you can rent a place on your income and credit score/report alone, and have her live with you. Then it's up to her to find work and clear up her debt and improve her credit score. Check out the [wiki page on credit building](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/credit_building).
Damn, that &gt;9% interest rate loan is going to eat you alive, if you let it. I would focus on paying that one off, as soon as you can. I would stop putting extra money in the emergency fund once you reach 3 months of barebone expenses in it, and focus on that loan. Make sure when you have put your extra money in, that it goes to that loan in particular. Call them and ask how to make sure that that happens, and then afterward check whether it actually happened. You might want to see whether you can consolidate your loans with SoFi. Perhaps that would also lower the interest rate.
If this is about almost $100k of money, why not consult a professional about it, to make sure that you're doing everything right according to both US and Mexican laws?
Given how Americans are still on average only saving 8% of their income and spending 92%, I'd say we're still good.
Mix is good. I hope the average fee is much better than 1.05%? And remember to rebalance every half year or so.
I would continue to max out the IRA every year. Together with the pension plan, that would mean that you're saving roughly 20% of income for retirement. I would say that's a high enough percentage. But continue to do that. And I would not take that money out, but really leave it in until retirement. You have $28k of savings. I would say $12k of that is your emergency fund, the rest could at some point be used for a new-to-you car, or for a downpayment, or whatever. I would continue to put money in savings for this year. Grow that $28k to $40k or so. Maybe at some point in the future you can also start a taxable investing account. However, right now I would just keep the money in savings. Who knows, maybe at some point in the next 2-5 years you'll meet someone and want to start living with them. Or maybe you'll start renting your own place. Some money in the savings account is useful then.
It doesn't seem *too* complicated, honestly. By the way, if your combined income in 2016 was less than $54k, you might qualify for help from a volunteer through the VITA-program; information on the IRS website: https://www.irs.gov/individuals/free-tax-return-preparation-for-you-by-volunteers
Personally, I have a similar income (also 3000-3200 euros/month after taxes), and I save 40% of it. You are more frugal than I would be, and in particular this situation would not be livable/acceptable for me: &gt; for me, paying 600€/month for a rent is out of the question (even if I currently have a 3h commute to/from work everyday) I would say that spending over 15 hours per week just commuting has a negative impact on your life. It might be worthwhile to spend some money on that problem. You also state that you are getting tired of it. So maybe this is an area where you can start exploring your options. I am saving 40% of my income to retire early. I want to save up money so that by age 45-50 I can stop working if I want to, and my savings will support that until I reach retirement age. Maybe that could be a goal of yours, too.
&gt; He gets super excited and calls me when we have good days, "we beat the market today" is a common tag line. Does he also call you on days when the market beat him? Anyway, it's known that most active investors, no matter how educated they are, no matter how long they studied the market, cannot outperform the market - and certainly not after their fees are taken out of the return. So I choose the passive investing strategy, and with that, it also becomes smarter to not check every day / every week what your portfolio is doing. Set it and forget it. Or set it, keep putting money in as you get your paychecks, and forget it. So your advisor calling you every few days/weeks would be a no-no in that strategy, as it makes you more likely to try to react to the market / time the market, which is most often a losing strategy.
I'm not sure how much they charged you, but getting money back from them may be difficult (they can defend themselves by saying that you agreed with their conditions and that they delivered to you what they promised to deliver to you) and could require consulting a lawyer.
Sounds normal-ish to me. Although I do wish you and your family a better 2017! Some of these expenses would be "irregular expected expenses" (i.e. you know that at some point you'll need to get new tires for your car, you just don't know when. You know that any kitchen appliance will need to be replaced at some point in the next 10-15 years, but you don't know when) and some would be irregular, unexpected and bad luck (like the roof blowing off and your dog getting a rash). So yes, these things happen, and it's good to be prepared for them by taking them into account in your budget. You might want to consider setting aside $500/month for these kind of things. If you don't spend it, set it aside for next month...
Misschien kun je zo halverwege je weg naar FI-status kijken of je het verzekerde bedrag kunt verlagen, zodat de premie ook omlaag kan op dat moment? Want zou je op dat moment arbeidsongeschikt raken, dan krijg je veel meer inkomsten dan wat je eigenlijk nodig hebt, omdat je zelf dan ook al een potje hebt.
Yes. You will file *one* tax return that will have all of your 2016 income on it (so wait until you have all W2's). The amount of taxes you actually owed in 2016 is based on the total amount of income you paid in 2016, and on all the money that was withheld so far. So only when this is known, can it be calculated how much you still owe, or, nicer, what refund you're due to get.
Get the car in your possession, park it somewhere safe so that nothing happens to it, save up the $11-12k, then sell it and pay off the debt. Oh, and of course: never ever let your sister use your credit score again! I think your financial gifts to her are also good for her next 50 birthdays &amp; Christmases.
Aww. I'd love to be able to help out my family too, if needed. I also hope that it's not needed soon. Same for your folks, I hope they'll enjoy a lot more healthy(ish) time together!
Remember that he has 10 more hours per day to work with!
Links by the automoderator are good. Plus book tips at https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/readinglist
https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/readinglist
Wonderful, yes, put it towards your debt and speed up the process of paying it off.
Maybe you can use this moment in time to get a bit more serious about your finances, too? Pay off the debt, thank your grandmother's memory for it, and then start working on making yourself more resilient/disaster-proof. Check the [How to handle money wiki page](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) and the [reading list](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/readinglist).
Obvious hole: the "$100" living money... I think you should start tracking each and every penny there. Use a free app on your phone, or collect receipts. Sit down every evening for a minute or five and look at how much you spent that day according to your notes/receipts (and whether your bank account, your credit card account, and the contents of your purse agree with your notes/receipts). See whether you are on track to spend less than $100 for the week. If not, peanutbutter sandwiches it is for the rest of the week. Also, sit down for a few hours today or tomorrow and get a good understanding of your exact current assets: how much money do you have in your bank account, *after* all pending transactions have cleared? How much do you owe on your credit card including any pending transactions? Any transactions you do not recognize? Any subscriptions to cancel? Then you know your real current situation. All future pending transactions should be expected because you'll have a receipt from them and tracked them.
Get any job, paying $1000-1500/month, to keep up with payments. Search for your career-starting job in the hours that you're not working.
It's not only in the UK. Actually in the US you have been supersizing your meals *and* your houses over the last half century or so.
For your brother, he could also sell his car, pay off the remaining loan, and see how he likes it. Or, alternatively, he could try to understand how often he uses his car, and what his alternatives would be on moments when he really wants to use his car. So say for the next four weeks, let him see when he needs his car, and what he could do at that point if he didn't have a car. (Take Uber or a taxi, take public transport after all, have something delivered at home instead of picking it up, etc). Then compare costs. I'm pretty sure a car costs at least $200/month in depreciation, insurance, repairs, gas - so he would free up at least $200/month (maybe more) to spend on other "transport solutions" whenever the need would arise.
You're missing out on growth, indeed. Say you currently make 1% per year on your money. That is not a lot. If you compound it year on year, ten years from now you'd still only have 11% of growth in total. So $100 would grow to $110. If your investments would make even only 5% of average growth instead, then over 10 years that means $100 grows to $163. (The growth in year one starts creating its own growth in the second year - this is called compounding). If we talk 20 years instead of ten, $100 at 1% per year grows to $122, while at 5% it grows to $265.
&gt; 1) Zijn er sectoren die structureel beter presteren dan de totale markt de afgelopen 25 jaar? - Ja, natuurlijk zijn er sectoren die het in de afgelopen 25 jaar beter hebben gedaan dan gemiddeld. Zoals er ook sectoren zijn geweest die het slechter hebben gedaan dan gemiddeld. Maar: resultaten uit het verleden bieden geen garantie voor de toekomst! Dus of diezelfde sectoren ook voor de komende decennia weer het beste zullen presteren... dat is niet te zeggen. Tenslotte: zelfs al zou jij een sector vinden die het goed gedaan heeft de afgelopen 25 jaar, dan ben jij natuurlijk niet de enige. Ik denk bijv. dat de technologie-sector het wel redelijk gedaan heeft (ondanks ook de debacles zoals WorldOnline), maar dús staat ook iedereen te springen om aandelen uit die sector te kopen, en dús betaal je meer voor zo'n aandeel ... daar gaat je extra winst! Kortom, de "hogere" kans op winnen is zeer waarschijnlijk al in de prijs van het aandeel verwerkt...
Repost at /r/almosthomeless and perhaps /r/personalfinance and read their wikis. You have a job that pays little in winter. I assume that that means you don't work many hours in winter. Could you get a job on the side in the winter season?
A safe start? You don't do options trading. Read the links by the AutoModerator. There is also a reading list in the wikipages of this sub, with some good books explaining investing. You might visit your local library, see what books about investing they have got.
Way, way, wayyyy too short a time period! That said, you can let the XIRR function in a spreadsheet program calculate an annualized rate of return.
Are you sure this is the right moment for you? Aren't you taking on too much risk? New properties come along all the time. Why not pass on this one?
Can you contribute more than $5500 in 2017 or in 2018?
I would pay off the card with $1500 @ 26% on it immediately (reducing your savings to $5500). And I would pay off the card with $2000 on it @ 16% in the next two months (Feb and March). After paying off all the debts, build the emergency fund to six months of your regular expenses. Check out the flowchart/priority list: [How to handle money](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics).
You have some time before the tax deadline... Good! I would just contact your human resource department and ask them about this account. They should know about it! If you put it in the right way on your tax forms, there'll be no trouble with the IRS. And probably your boss put in some money for you in the retirement account, so you earned more money in 2016 than you knew (your posttax income + this money in the retirement account).
If you are owed a refund, you get that money back, sooner. Also one added benefit could be that you're not *too* late. And if you start filing early and you run into issues you have some time to resolve them.
There's a [wikipage on rollovers](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/retirementaccounts/rollovers). Reading that might help a bit, too.
I would try to put as much as possible in (without breaking your budget or having to live on the street). If you do that now and in the next couple of years, you'll have a solid base for your retirement investments... and then if five or ten or fifteen years from now money is a bit more tight (job loss, bigger family to pay for, an unexpected big bill), you can reduce your retirement savings for that year / those years and know you'll still be fine. Because you already have a solid amount in there that will continue to grow.
Depends on whether it's a traditional or a Roth account. I think it's a traditional account, and then the money is put in pretax and you don't pay income tax on that amount in 2016. You will pay income tax on a traditional account when you are taking money out of the account when you're retired. So then you just put in 20,000 in your tax paperwork. But please talk to HR about this, they will also explain that to you.
I asked, because sometimes if people start working late in the year, the withholding is "off" for just that year and too much is withheld - and people get a refund for that year. But then if they work the full year in the next year, the withholding is correct and they will not get a refund. If you use the IRS's W4-calculator, they will tell you what number to put in, assuming you stay at this job at about this salary for all of 2017. If your job situation changes a lot at some point in 2017, use the W4- calculator again to see if you should also change the withholding.
Does the paperwork say something like "traditional 401k" or "Simple IRA" or "Roth 401k"? Also check out the wikipages on [retirement accounts](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_retirement_accounts)
You might want to use the XIRR function in a spreadsheet, which gives the annualized rate of return on an account that sees irregular contributions and distributions (the fees you pay). It needs a list of dates + amount of contribution (with a plus sign) or distribution (with a minus sign). So to start: 1-12-2012 787 (first contribution) 1-5-2013 2910 (second contribution) 1-5-2013 -15 (first fee paid) 1-9-2013 2091 (third contribution) 1-9-2013 -29 (second fee paid) The last line needs to be the current date and the current value, with a minus sign in front as if you were distributing everything today.
It would help a bit, if you could get one. Watch the fees, though. If you use my tactic, and say you have exactly $2000 on the card with 16% interest, then the first month you'll pay roughly 1/12th of 16% of $2000 as interest, or $30. In the second month, when you've paid down the balance to $1000, it's $15 of interest. So total amount $45. If you would need to pay a 3% transfer fee to the 0% interest rate card, then it would cost you $60... So fees are important.
I would put in 10% of your salary and then move on to the next step of the flowchart. It's more or less a suitable number for retirement, and it hopefully means that you get an extra percent of salary (the match by your employer). If after filling up the IRA you can still add more, then wonderful.
Put the maximum amount of money into retirement plans at work, and the same goes for your IRAs. Then put the rest in a taxable investment account. I would choose Vanguard for the IRAs and the taxable accounts (low fees, good investment options). Given the steady inflow of money, I would choose a relatively safe asset allocation. You don't need to take lots of risks. So say 30-40% bonds. Or the 2035 target date fund. And finally, I would also look into term life insurance for you, especially if the payments would dry up if you died.
Read the wikipage on credit building on /r/personalfinance. In short: it's not necessary to pay even one cent of interest to build up your credit score and keep it up.
Life insurance depends on whether or not the money stops flowing in when OP were to die; and if that is the case, then whether or not they want their SO to be comfortable financially if that unfortunate event were to happen. IF the money would disappear after OP's death and IF they want their SO to be covered, then term life insurance to cover say the first 10-20 years during which OP can build up their own savings/assets to leave to their SO in case of dying.
...but of course you could sell say $10k of stocks, use the $10k of money to cover your expenses over the next couple of months and deduct $10k from your next paychecks (as a self-employed person) to go into the 401k.
Advantage: 1. Tax benefits of the 401k 2. In your case, you will probably have the money invested in a more diversified way, which is a benefit in my opinion. 3. The money is "locked up" in the 401k - which can be a good thing. Disadvantage: 1. Money "locked up" in a 401k - which can also be a bad thing.
That is not how this method works. The safe withdrawal rate means that if you withdraw 4% of your starting portfolio in the first year, and the same amount plus inflation every year after, there's a 95% chance that you won't run out of money for 30 years. During those 30 hears, you will probably encounter market crashes, but your portfolio will most likely survive them. If you don't like those odds, you can try a 3% withdrawal rate instead. So for people intending to live on $40k per year, that would be $1.33 million instead of $1 million. The failure rate will then be even lower.
You could perhaps instead travel by bus, like with greyhound. That might be cheaper. The trip itself will take a bit longer, of course.
Join a housesitting community and housesit for people somewhere else in the US (or abroad) while they are on holiday.
Dollar cost averaging is fine. As long as you create a plan and stick to it ($xxxxx per month on the xth of the month).
I always say that any particular investment should be less than 10% of your portfolio, so he's still good... Is it a wise decision? Probably not...
I like the tool [networthify.com](http://networthify.com/calculator/earlyretirement?income=20000&amp;initialBalance=17203&amp;expenses=12000&amp;annualPct=3&amp;withdrawalRate=4) for this. I've already put in a calculation for a net annual income of 20,000, expenses of 12,000, savings of 8,000 - and I assume an average annual return on investment *after inflation* of 3 % per year. You can adapt these numbers of course. So you can deal with inflation by making your annual return on investment lower. If you expect an annual return on investment of 8% (for example, your South African bank gives a savings interest rate of 8%), but also an inflation rate of 5%, then use 3% for the calculations (8% minus 5%). I would also consider that no matter what numbers you fill in, the reality will always be different from your calculations. This is true everywhere in the world. So you can only use these calculators to get a basic idea about how long it approximately is going to take you to get to the finish line. If it estimates that it'll take 20 years, then it can become 15 years if you're lucky, and 25 years with some bad luck.
Completely understandable. Sucks. Hopefully the air clears, soon. Good luck!
Can you ... donate plasma? That is a way to make some more money every month. Look at other previous [side income](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/sideincome)-threads that we had here. You could try to get all of your credit card &amp; furniture debts refinanced into one personal loan (for example with your bank). That would probably reduce the average interest rate, and yes, it would also free up some money monthly for other expenses. You could consider *not* having internet at home for the next 12 months. Only use internet at work or at the local library or supermarket. Doing so will give you $1000 more in just one year (12 x $117 minus the $350 cancellation fee), to put towards your debts. Doing so might also allow you to renegotiate the costs of the internet connection next year.
Of course this is a scam. They are hoping that you panic and don't think straight and send them (the scammers) money. Ignore and continue with your life.
I'd still go with the refundable option. Because with the non-refundable option, you'll still owe them for damages anyway. I would make sure to document the current state of the apartment carefully, and also to do the same when leaving.
I can't imagine why the word "breadwinner" would be bad to use.
I think you'll love it (I work 28 hours/week). I hope it'll give you more time to spend on / with your wife, and also time to do fun stuff that you love to do. Enjoy!
My guess is that some indeed is "having a family", where the stash does need to support *all* family members (but, advantage of being an adult couple: can also be added to by two adult people who can both earn money...). Some areas of the country are more expensive to live in, and some people really want to continue to live in those areas when they RE. That said, I'm also leaning more towards a "leanFIRE" situation where I'll hopefully spend a similar amount as you do (in euros by the way) and still have a pretty solid fun life.
Still, other fun experiences also don't have to cost a lot of money. If you like nature, for example, you can take free hikes or volunteer with a nature conservation organisation (and get free transportation, drinks and food, for example). If you like exercising, you *can* buy an expensive membership, or you might buy the cheaper one where you can "only" exercise between 9 AM and 4 PM, or you might buy a bike and a set of weights and have no recurring costs at all... Et cetera :-)
Hmm. Enige mogelijkheden: * Had je vorig jaar al een heel jaar gewerkt? Want op mijnpensioenoverzicht staat waarschijnlijk de situatie zoals die in 2016 was. En misschien de situatie van 2017 tot nu toe (dus tot mei zeg maar). * Het is ook mogelijk dat er kosten gerekend worden binnen je werkpensioen. En dat dus een deel van de 145 euro die je inlegt naar kosten gaan en bijvoorbeeld naar een "overlijdensrisicoverzekering" of iets dergelijks (iets wat geld uitkeert aan je nabestaanden als je voor je pensioenleeftijd overlijdt, dit is iets waar je misschien verplicht aan meedoet), en daarom niet meetellen bij je pensioeninleg. * Een fout in de administratie is zéker ook mogelijk. Dus als je het zelfs met de twee bovenstaande dingen nog steeds niet verklaard hebt, neem dan contact met ze op. Zelf heb ik in het tweede jaar dat ik werkte ook een fout van mijn bedrijf moeten corrigeren, dat had me honderden euro's aan pensioen gescheeld per jaar, als ik dat niet zelf gezien had. (Ik had veel meer bijgedragen dan wat doorgegeven was aan het pensioenfonds). Het helpt misschien als je naar het jaaroverzicht kunt kijken van het pensioeninstituut dat je "werkpensioen" regelt. Heb je van je werk-pensioeninstituut dit jaar al een jaaroverzicht gekregen over 2016? Zo ja, wat was dan de factor A volgens hen?
Some possibly useful wikipages that this subreddit has: * [How to handle money](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics) * [Budgeting](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/budgeting) * [Books can be very useful sources of knowledge](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/readinglist)
I would focus on one at the time. The one with the highest interest rate. Of course, in the meantime pay the minimum required amount on all your other cards. 1. This is good for mathematical reasons, because paying down the card with the highest interest rate first will mean that you start paying less interest the soonest, and paying less interest means that you can pay down the principal quicker. So the paying down process goes faster. (You can try http://unbury.me with your situation and toggle between "snowball" and "avalanche" method to see how much the difference is for you). 2. It is also good for psychological reasons. Some scientific studies have found that people made *more* progress if they focused their efforts on one specific card. They simply put more money towards the cards, because they continued to be more motivated. So I think that that could help you as well, to stay motivated. I think it's really good that you've set yourself this goal. It is probably a big motivation to think that you'll become debtfree by/in just one year time. A few other things you could do to stay motivated: 1. Track your progress. Make a chart of how much you owe and watch it go down over time. Or make a list of the cards that you still owe one, and put a big strike through one when you're done with it. Or make a sheet with one circle for every $10 or $100 that you owe, and color it in when you've paid it. Whatever method works for you (some people love graphs, other people love pictures, etc). 2. Also celebrate the milestones: the first $100 paid down, every hundred that you get closer to $0, et cetera. Of course don't celebrate by spending a lot of money, but reward yourself for actually doing it. 3. Keep a note or visual cue in your wallet and perhaps next to your computerscreen that will remind you to not spend money if you don't need to. Could be a sticker, a piece of paper, a picture, a word ...
Keep at it, friend. If you want to post about your progress, you can do so every Thursday in the Triumphant Thursday Threads; you might get some extra (outside) encouragement there.
Nice. Well done!
Given how your current job may disappear in a few months time, I'd just do it.
I'd put most of it towards the mortgage. Easy option, saves you money, improves your financial situation. Then some in a travel fund and some in an education fund (or savings account) for your daughter.
I also didn't trust this idea at first. Then I saved €10k - I thought: hey? i can do that? It grew to €20k - wow. Then €30k - hmm, this might work. Now at over €100k of savings, I have no doubts anymore. This will work. I hope that for you also over time you build up your savings and start trusting the process and yourself more. It may be dollar amounts for you, but I think it will also be things like "victories" with your work and income. Getting a raise, getting praise, earning some side income. Any time you actually do it, is a boost. It might help to keep track of the victories. And to notice them/celebrate them.
Je bent inderdaad vooral "samen sterker" als je allebei hetzelfde wilt. Dus als je partner ook FIRE nastreeft. Dan kun je inderdaad de vaste lasten delen, samen sparen/beleggen en ook nog eens elkaar motiveren, tips delen, enz.
Ik ken het comfort pensioen bij nationale Nederlanden niet. Je pensioen is uiteindelijk gegarandeerd, maar dit is waarschijnlijk op basis van door hún behaalde beleggingsresultaten en na aftrek van kosten. En wordt misschien toch in de loop van de jaren naar beneden bijgesteld als de resultaten tegenvallen. Ik moet bekennen dat ik een argwaan heb tegen de oude pensioenverzekeraars (ze hebben vast hoge kosten en een beleggingsstrategie die misschien niet efficiënt is) en positiever sta tegenover relatief nieuwe speler BND (lage, bekende kosten; zelf beleggen dus je beslist zelf hoeveel risico je wel of niet wil nemen). Het belangrijkste waar je voor uit moet kijken, is denk ik dat je dus geen paniekvoetbal moet gaan spelen op het moment dat het slecht gaat met de markt. NIET je strategie verlaten en je aandelen verkopen als de waarde met 30 of 50% omlaag kukelt. Koel hoofd houden en vasthouden aan je strategie; zelfs herbalanceren en dus meer aandelen aankopen. ... In principe zou NN professionele beleggers in dienst moeten hebben die bij dalende markt het hoofd koel houden en vasthouden aan de strategie... maar aangezien mijn vriend van een andere pensioenbeleggingsinstantie de afgelopen jaren allemaal mailtjes kreeg van "wij raden u aan uw beleggingen te veranderen omdat de markt gisteren omhoog ging / omlaag ging" weet ik niet of NN je beschermen zou tegen paniekvoetbal, of dat ze daar vrolijk aan mee zouden doen en daarmee ook jouw beleggingen en uiteindelijke uitkering zouden verminderen. Dus... wat dat betreft denk ik dat je het ook beter zelf kunt doen, met dus wel de aanmerking dat je dan dus inderdaad op zo'n moment dat koele hoofd moet houden.
Snort. They weren't thinking very logically, were they?
Hmm, to me it seems like your parents were a bit too frugal when you were young. Sure, you son't need thousands of dollars of christmas presents, but not allowing their kid to have the $15 menu item? And cutting cable "because we're poor" when in reality they must have had already hundreds of thousands of dollars at that point? Maybe you can do a tiny bit better when you have kids.
Indeed, looks "only" roughly 50...
&gt; I am not on a sinking ship. With *that* kind of boss, you might be, over the next couple of years. People who treat their employees like that may find that for some weird reason the company isn't doing as well as they thought it would be. (Employees not working as hard anymore, employees leaving as soon as they can, etc). I'd try to find a way to leave, too.
Als je een saldo had op je creditcard rekening, dan moet je dat trouwens wel aangeven als vermogen. Je krijgt van hun een jaaroverzicht. Maar voor de rest: goed gedaan.
I don't think one has a good chance of becoming FIRE before being a decent money manager in the first place. Except perhaps the very few people who just strike it rich suddenly due to chance and talent.
Ik had 4% winst op mijn totale portfolio, bestaand uit voor 66% indexfondsen en 33% obligatiefondsen. Ik denk dat de veranderde wisselkoers van dollars naar euro's me parten gespeeld heeft. Oh well.
Career change would be my way of describing it.
First have her contact her workplace to ask them if they messed up. You ideally want a correct W2. Any chance that the workplace is committing tax fraud by not sending the withheld money to the IRS and now pretending on the W2 that they didn't withhold anything anyway? Shady place? Or more likely just a mistake?
6.25% is a pretty high interest rate. Keep $1k in savings for emergencies, but put any extra money (whenever you get it) towards this debt.
No. There can be an emotional reason to do so, or a reason considering some laws or regulations. But mathematically, you should always focus on what either saves you (debt) or gets you (investment) the highest interest rate.
Voor de kosten van sommige behandelingen kun je een *vermindering* van belasting krijgen, waardoor de kosten verlaagd worden. [Dit zijn de zorgkosten die je voor 2017 af mocht trekken van je inkomen] (https://www.belastingdienst.nl/wps/wcm/connect/bldcontentnl/belastingdienst/prive/relatie_familie_en_gezondheid/gezondheid/aftrek_zorgkosten/overzicht_zorgkosten/overzicht_zorgkosten)
Spend less than 70% of your income and try to lower that percentage every year. Invest the rest (401k, IRA, then a regular investment account).
Thanks for the update. Enjoy yourself, you've earned that right.
Wel opletten dat je van je oude reserveringsruimte in 2018 maar een bepaald bedrag mag storten. Dit hangt o.a. af van hoeveel je in 2017 verdiende, en er is ook een wettelijk maximum. Uit te rekenen via de belastingdienst lijfrente calculator.
Nee, dit is uitgebreid geanalyseerd en klopt niet. Dus lekker blijven. (PS Dit gezegde was misschien wel waar in 1850 of zo, toen de rijke elite inderdaad in de zomer lekker op vakantie ging en er dus in de zomer niets te doen was op de aandelenbeurs)
Klinkt best cool. Ik hoop dat blijkt dat je er "bent" . En als je er nog net niet bent, dus nog een eurootje of 50.000 mist of zo, dan weet je ook dat je nog even een paar jaar een beetje geld moet verdienen en dat je er dan wel bent. Ook al heel relaxed, toch?
Ik ben inderdaad begonnen met een specifiek getal, maar aangezien het voor mij tien jaar ongeveer duurt om FI te worden, en er in die tijd toch ook wel wat inflatie zal plaatsvinden, zal het uiteindelijke getal waarschijnlijk ietsjes hoger moeten zijn dan wat ik eerst dacht. Maar aangezien mijn inkomen gelukkig ook nog steeds jaarlijks met meer dan de inflatie omhoog gaat, komt het toch wel goed. Dus ik denk dat het oke is, als je in het begin een doel formuleert, en dan gaandeweg af en toe bijstuurt.
Let's say we ignore all the gains that you can get in the stock market from a stock (or index fund) rising in value. Because that could all be a Ponzi scheme, what do we know. Let's humor the guy. So what's left then is dividends. They're paid to you as the shareholder by the companies that you hold shares of, because you're a shareholder, and they share some of their profit with you. Mean and median dividend % for the S&amp;P500 has been a bit higher than 4%. So, that's a 4% mean/median annual return for the investor. Let's take out a quite high 0.5% of that for paying fees. Still, 3.5% return. That's because of you investing your money in stocks (for example low-fee index funds). I have two hunches about this guy: 1. Wants to sell books, now 2. Is positioning himself to say "I told you so" during the next stock market crash, and make even more money then &amp; later as 'the visionary who predicted the stock market crash'.
Stel dat je in 2017 50.000 euro bruto verdiend hebt, dan mag je in 2018 maximaal 6439 euro van je oude reserveringsruimte gebruiken, ook als je in werkelijkheid meer dan dat hebt aan oude reserveringsruimten. Ik weet niet waarom dat zo is, maar het is de wet. Meer kun je niet aftrekken aan premies dan deze 6439 euro plus de jaarruimte van 2018 - gebaseerd dus op 50.000 euro inkomen in 2017. Helaas is de website van de belastingdienst nog niet up to date voor 2018. Als je het voor jouw situatie wil berekenen, probeer dat dan via: https://www.berekenhet.nl/pensioen/pensioengat-reserveringsruimte.html Als je meer reserveringsruimte hebt dan wat je in 2018 mag benutten, dan moet je er in berusten dat je de rest pas in 2019 en verder kunt gaan opvullen...
Looking good. Congrats &amp; enjoy yourself!
Financial independence is freedom - good point. Financial independence also is security. Say you're FI but still working (because you don't know what else to do and you like the way your work structures your days). Say you're fired at age 58 and it's hard to find a new job. Well, at least you're FI, so you don't have to worry about supporting yourself. The "only" thing you will then have to worry about is how to find new meaning in your life. And you'll be free to do that by for example getting a low-paying job, doing volunteer work, talking to a coach etc etc.
A $700k house is definitely going to cause a drag on your FIRE plans. So you have to ask yourself: is living in this house worth working 10-15 years longer? That's the trade you'll be making. Whether it's worth it is up to you guys.
Indeed. Example of non-lean spending and example of lifestyle inflation, I guess.
Oh boy oh boy oh boy. Some nice spam on my sunday morning.
People seem to think that you want to FIRE. But you don't. You want to work enough to pay for your annual expenses. In that case I would say that you have more than enough to do so. Say indeed you'd need $32k x 25 to retire. Or let's make it $32k x 33 to be safer. That's $1,050,000 or so. Right now you have $538k . So: you need to double your net worth to truly call yourself financially independent. Given an annual real return of 5% or so on your assets, if you could just cover your annual expenses by working, then it will take you 13 more years or so to let that current $538k double. That would make you fully FIRE at age 41. And there are a lot of things that could improve on this scenario - like reducing expenses or like earning more income than expected and having some extra thousands of dollars to put towards the stash every year.
Wacht even ... grootbanken bestelen je niet? Sorry... Mijn vriend heeft nog 100.000 rentepunten bij de ING. Daar kan hij 100 barbecues voor kopen, mits hij ook even 45.000 euro bijbetaalt.
So your wife can dispute this item on her credit report with the three credit reporting agencies and then it should be removed and her credit score restored. However, she might want to wait for just a little bit of time, to see whether the issue resolves itself. With such a public situation and embarrassment, it's possible that the company (Home Point Financial) resolves this within the next few days and then no further action of your wife would be required.
Ik kan me dit goed voorstellen. Het heeft bar weinig zin om je eerste 1000 euro al meteen te verdelen in 300 euro dit, 250 euro dat enzovoort. Stel dat je je eerste 5000 euro niet helemaal optimaal verdeeld hebt, en daardoor in een crash bijvoorbeeld 500 euro meer waardedaling ziet dan wat je had gezien bij jouw zelfbedachte optimale verhoudingen, of stel dat je in goede tijden door een "slechtere verdeling" 500 euro minder winst hebt gemaakt in een goed jaar dan wat had kunnen zijn. Tja... Dat gaat je de kop niet kosten. Dan moet je misschien een maandje langer werken op je hele leven. Trek je dat door, dan heeft het ook voor de eerste 10.000 euro nog weinig zin om alles echt helemaal perfect te verdelen. Aangezien we allemaal uiteindelijk denk ik wel een portfolio willen hebben van minstens 200.000 a 300.000 euro (of nog veel meer) denk ik dat je op een gegeven moment wél moet gaan nadenken over diversificatie. Maar dat zou ik inderdaad gaan doen vanaf ongeveer 20.000 euro of zo, en dan dus op dat moment nieuw geld gaan inleggen in een categorie die dan nog ondervertegenwoordigd is.
De servicefee komt dan jaarlijks terug, hè... Da's het vervelende van die jaarlijks terugkerende kosten.
&gt; the millionaire fast lane, die is kritisch op the millionaire next door omdat die er vanuit zou gaan dat je veel rente op je spaargeld krijgt. Als dat hun basis van de kritiek is op "The millionaire next door" dan is "the Millionaire fast lane" een boek wat ik blijkbaar niet hoef te lezen, omdat het geschreven is ofwel door een idioot ofwel door een leugenaar. Net zoals kwakzalvers ofwel leugenaars ofwel idioten zijn. ... Er is heel veel onterechte kritiek op FIRE. Bijvoorbeeld in de vorm van "dit is onmogelijk voor de meeste mensen" of "als iedereen dit zou doen, dan ..." . Een boek of andere bron die echt terechte kritiek levert, zou ik inderdaad wel willen lezen, om te zien of ik het er mee eens ben (en om te zien of je misschien bij kunt sturen in je plannen om ellende te voorkomen).
Well... indeed, he might be in major debt. He might also be making good money. Or he got an inheritance or gift that he's blowing. All in all, try to compare yourself less to him. His situation just isn't yours. If possible, be happy for him (assuming he isn't paying all of this with debt), and hope for yourself that you will also have more money in the future, but accept that you do not have that kind of money right now.
You can put the amount of your jaarruimte away into a specific pension account (like a pension savings account or a pension investment account - some banks and some investment institutions offer them). Then in spring 2019 you can deduct the amount you put away in 2018 from your 2018 taxable income. So you get an income tax deduction for this. And yes, you will also not have to pay wealth tax on the money that sits within specific pension accounts. Be sure to understand this: the jaarruimte for 2018 is based on income of 2017 &amp; on the "factor A" for 2017 that is a number which is on the annual individual report from your pension provider (the UPO).
Do you also live in a country where you've also more or less accidentaly have saved up for your retirement/pension/old age benefits? I do. I have enough money in my country's pension plans for me that I can cover my expenses twofold once I reach official retirement age. So I think about my retirement in two stages: stage 2 is when I reach official retirement age, which will probably be around 70 years of age by that point of time. I'm already completely covered for stage 2. Stage 1 is the stage before official retirement age. I need to make my own money last during this first stage. If I reach the age of 70 with say just 30k in the bank left, then that's good. So now I'm working on getting enough money to cover my expenses between current age and age 70. So perhaps, if you have 400k, but you also have some pension claims/rights beyond that, then 400k might be enough for you to cover your "stage 1", until your official retirement age...
Yes, the numbers check out. But what I would like to point out, is that as you get closer to retirement age, starting to contribute to the retirement plan makes more sense. Redo your calculations but say for only 20 years until retirement... In the later years, contributing to this plan does make sense. This is true, because if you use the pension option, you get a large benefit at the beginning of putting money in the pension plan, and it takes time (many years) for the stock market's average higher results to outgrow that initial benefit. So given that you're young now, don't use this plan just yet. But reconsider using it when you're getting closer to official retirement age.
Ah, no, that's different. In my country there's a system where everyone who makes at least some money pays into the old age benefits system, but also everyone who is of old age gets it. So it's not an "out of luck"-safety net but just a monthly sum of money you get once you reach a specific age.
Thanks, but I'm fully aware of that possibility. The Netherlands, where I live, is reacting to this by upping the age of retirement, currently at 66 years of age and going up to 70 by the time that I'm 70. Also, as I said: I already have twice what I will need. So even if they halve the amount I'm still perfectly all right.
Heb je dan nog zoveel reserveringsruimte? Dat zou betekenen dat je je jaarruimte over de afgelopen zeven jaar niet al gebruikt hebt?
Geld wat je binnen vijf jaar nodig hebt, zoals dit, hoort op de spaarrekening. Omdat beleggingen op korte termijn flink in waarde kunnen dalen. Op de lange termijn (7+ jaar) mag je goede hoop hebben dat geld wat belegd wordt meer waard wordt dan een vergelijkbaar bedrag op de spaarrekening. Maar op de korte termijn is het een gok. Daarom: niet gokken met geld wat je binnenkort nodig gaat hebben. Kijk eventueel of je een spaardeposito voor 6-12 maanden af kan sluiten bij een bank of verzekeraar met een Nederlandse depositogarantie en of dat dan misschien iets meer rente opbrengt.
Have you considered talking to a doctor, a psychologist and/or a work or life coach about how you can change your current day-to-day life so that you enjoy it more? Things that might help (depending on your situation) could be a check of your blood (any vitamins or minerals missing, for example), medication, talking to a psychologist, trying to change the way you view things, and/or trying to change your behavior (with help of psychologist or coach), etc. In the end this could also include changing jobs or switching to entrepreneurship, who knows... I would consider trying to get some help and seeing what that does for you.
Of course this increases your expenses, decreases your savings rate, and thus increases the amount of time you'll need to reach FI. You (two) have to ask yourselves, whether this is what you want from your life.
Als je je extra geld belegt in duizenden bedrijven en enkele overheden over de gehele wereld (aandelen + obligaties (+ misschien ook nog wat spaargeld in banken met een Nederlandse bankgarantie)), dan zie ik moeilijk in hoe dat risicovoller kan zijn dan wanneer je je geld vooral hebt belegd in jouw eigen bedrijf (wat failliet kan gaan door interne of externe factoren).
I'm sorry to hear this, OP. A lot of times you make a decision in life and then have to live with the consequences. You can still complain about those consequences every now and then. It's only human. I hope that she made the right decision; and I hope you will be able to be happy about how happy she is.
As an outsider it seems like the US is making itself matter in the world less and less. If it continues to do what it does, its people will be poorer, its economy will be worse, its technology will become outdated. It will be less important. It's not only Trump. Trump is just the most obvious symptom. Good luck y'all.
&gt; They are suggesting a portfolio spread across 16 mutual funds with professional management and rebalancing. All of this for a 1.35% management fee. Nope. No way. Too expensive. Open a taxable investment account with Vanguard and put it in one of their LifeStrategy funds - say, the Moderate Growth fund or the Growth fund (depending on how much risk you'd want to take) for a fee of .13% or .14% per year. Also, the spread across 16 different mutual funds is pretty ridiculous. It sounds complicated and thus you think that you have to have a professional do this for you. However, in reality 16 different mutual funds is just a ridiculous amount and won't do you any more good than one good LifeStrategy fund, or at most 3 different index funds with Vanguard (like a American total market fund, plus everything-but-America-total market fund, plus a small American bond fund - in the percentages that you like).
They want a loooooot of your money for a service that you can either do yourself, or that you can have other companies do for you for a lot cheaper. They are a salesperson who want you to buy their terrible product. The only good thing that might come from them calling you is you waking up and looking for a better option by yourself.
Je hebt gelijk. Ik exporteer zo een keer per half jaar de gedane transacties naar mijn excelfile. Uiteindelijk kan het namelijk wel zijn dat de gegevens van degiro een keer verloren gaan (bijvoorbeeld dat ze transacties die ouder dan tien jaar zijn gewoon niet meer weergeven, of dat ze overgaan op een nieuw systeem/nieuwe website). Dus daarom hou ik het zelf ook wel offline bij.
No, sorry to hear that OP and his partner are having relationship trouble.
This fund is already very much diversified. What "not diversified" means, would be if you would invest in just 1-50 companies (buy only Apple stock, or buy only Apple, Google and, I don't know, McDonalds stock), or also just in one specific economic field (say, everything in restaurants and bars; or everything in the tech industry). The fund you mention is composed of the following underlying funds (and a few more): * Fidelity Total Market Index Fund - so these are thousands of US companies * Fidelity Series Global ex U.S. Index Fund - so these are thousands of non-US companies * Fidelity US Bonds - hundreds to thousands of bonds including government bonds
In general, I dislike faith-organisations that are pushing their members to find new members. It can easily become exploitation of vulnerable people. (Example: tithing to a specific priest/organisation who don't use your money for the common good but for themselves). So no harm done yet, but if they want to pull you in ... be very careful about what you're signing up for.
What are the interest rates on your debts? Does owing money to the school mean that they're holding your diploma ransom? Or does it have other consequences like not being able to sign up for new classes?
I added a bit more calculations to the bottom...
&gt; Thought experiment: If you were completely happy and secure, would you care how much money you had? I'm sorry, but you lost me here. If some magical institution made sure that I was "secure" and "happy", then of course I wouldn't care about the number in my bank account. That number would then be completely irrelevant to anything. However, this does not exist in this world. If I don't have money when I go to the supermarket, I don't get to buy food. So to be secure, I need food (and water, and a place &amp; clothing to shelter from the weather, etc). I would say to be happy, I also need food. And to get food, I need money. (Yeah, sure, I could grow some food myself, but not all of it). So yes, the number in my bank account matters. And because my current number currently "only" means I can continue to pay for my house and buy my food for the next ten years (and I hope to live a bit longer than that), I need that number to grow a bit more.
I've never sat down with one. If I were to do so, it would be a fee-only advisor with the right certifications. And they would have to give me a quote for a specific one-time check-up of my finances; nothing more, nothing less.
You might still be able to back out of this and cancel the agreement? But you're probably not going to want to. I'm surprised there's no option to lock the mortgage interest rate for the next ten years or so? Or is there? What I would do, is pay down the mortgage as fast as you can. That way, you will be able to sell the apartment without ending up with a debt, if you have to. And that way, the mortgage interest rate matters less (because if it goes up to 6%, then 6% of say 150,000 euros is still less than 6% of 270,000 euros...).
If you're going to need this money within the next 5 years (sounds like you do / might), don't invest in the stock market. I'd leave the money in savings accounts - spread over several banks and also buying some certificates of deposit for the money that you won't need for the first and second year.
Are there any echocardiographers who work for themselves, instead of for a hospital or practice? Would there be a need for one? (For example, someone who can travel around the state and fill in for other echocardiographers who are on holiday or sick leave). In general, doing your job as a freelancer can have some financial benefits, but of course you also expose yourself to more risk and hassle - the risk of not having a project for a few weeks to months, and the hassle of continuously needing to find those new projects, making sure the clients are happy, etc. It can be worth it (say, you make 30% more on average as a freelancer and can thus retire earlier), it can also suck (say, you can only find work for roughly 75% of your time, meaning that the higher income you make during the weeks that you work also needs to cover the weeks that you don't work).
I believe baristaFI means that you pay your current expenses fully with your barista-type job so that you can let your passive investments grow until roughly at some point at or before official retirement age they are big enough to retire completely (even from the barista-type job). Please put in a link to your original thread at /r/leanfire, because apparently it's not a recent one, so it's hard to find.
Probably australian dollars, which are worth 25% less than US dollars. Still a pretty nice salary of course; and it sounds like the Stubborn Bastard is enjoying himself :-)
Het is verstandig papieren administratie voor minimaal vijf jaar te bewaren als het gaat om dingen die een bewijs kunnen vormen voor de inkomstenbelasting. Omdat de belastingdienst nog tot vijf jaar na een belastingaangifte kan komen met een naheffing. Het is geen verplichting voor particulieren, maar het lijkt me wel verstandig. (Bedrijven zijn wel verplicht om deze administratieve gegevens te bewaren gedurende zeven jaar). [bron bewaren papierwerk particulieren](https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/onderwerpen/inkomstenbelasting/vraag-en-antwoord/hoe-lang-moet-ik-mijn-financiele-administratie-bewaren)
