&gt;breitbart i ain't clicking that shit
&gt;rival you have to compete for a rivalry
no
&gt; Go watch some TV. &gt;go get spoon fed a biased opinion nah.
&gt;Hillary claims ISIS has been using videos of Trump (past tense) &gt;nothing turns up, clear and obvious lie &gt;Hillary fabricates and edits a video from 2013 from al-Sabaab and tries to use that as ammo &gt;even though it's NOT ISIS and IT'S A FUCKING FAKE a very low energy edit
Better than being a cuck like bernie. &gt;raising some slut's kid &gt;too weak to stand up to BLM protesters &gt;can't control his mic &gt;apologizes to that criminal harpy fucking Hillary
They will win, gabbert will throw picks and be on the floor most of the game. We will get top 3 pick since we will get the one above CLE since they blew us out and the already one a divisional game.
&gt;What else can I help you learn about Trump? Tell me how he's going to make America great.
Tomsbula is the worst, he's lost out there and he is in over his head. Every press conference after a blowout loss he say something in the lines of "we are going to keep the same scheme, we don't need to change anything" The players look so low energy out there, missing tackles, failing assignments, giving up on plays, and drawing flags; it's a huge mess. I know we have lost alot of core players, but there is no excuses for the low discipline on this team. He hasn't prepped them enough in practices. He hasn't said anything about the terrible play calling on offense,and the suspect play calling on defense. Who the fuck does zone coverage on Antonio brown? Get em out of here
just stop, you're getting blown out.
[&gt; Once you are fully grown, you will know this.](http://i.imgur.com/eCLZm2A.jpg)
Because the NO defense was one of the worst ever, Sean doesn't pick defensive players, or create defensive schemes.
49ers Sean Peyton
Muh dick
&gt;mommy mommy, give me the jet so I could pick up Sean paypay &gt;mommy warm me tendies
This season went by too fast. It's like the time between the first game and today never happened. I need to get my life together
&gt;TYT into the Trash. "I do yoga" "i'm very extroverted" this video sucks.
they're getting stronger
That sense of optimism that we are going to do good and that our young players are going to step up
&gt; Greg Oden he isn't fucking 27,
They aren't winning games anymore, they are losing to SEATTLE, CARDINALS,RAMS. The other team are bringing blitzes, linebackers, stunts. They need to build a big beautiful wall around their quarterback. They need to get rid of all the incompetent coaches and replace them with smart people. This team is ran by stupid leaders folks, it's ran by very stupid people. Here you got Jed and the majority of the faithful hate him because he's a complete moron. He fired one of the best coaches they had since Walsh because of locker room political correctness and brought in a tired,low energy, and un-charismatic man. He can't get his team motivated to win games, he's terrible. I'm sure he's good at other things like pizza making, sure. However coaching isn't one of them. People, let me tell you, the only way this team will be great is if they fire all the incompetent coaching and draft great players. You need to get rid of Jed and bring back Eddie to make the forty niners great again!
our coach was fired a year ago.
Hoping he does a Robert Dwyer
beards are for dudes with overbites.
pete is like 70 going on 12
&gt;tfw BB will retire soon
seattle is hot.
I don't think I could take another seattle win.
the great rustling many tears shed the dust hasn't settled
Some people fuck dogs some people eat dogs some people are sexually attracted to the same sex some people fuck dead bodies some people are suicidal some people are pedophiles some like soccer some like football some don't eat meat some people do some people drive a ford some drive a Chevy some like hunting some like boating some people like the packers some people like the bears some like the Yankees some like the socks and some people are Nazis, get over it, It's 2016.
I bet the dinner they're having is god tier
Carr&gt;teddy Wilson is a top 3 if not top 2 QB in the NFL right now. Anyone who denies that is delusional. Hopkins&gt;ODBJ Romo should retire and Dallas should get Goff there i said it.
&gt; Trump planted him to sabotage the dems &gt;all that asspain on /r/sanders would be glorious
trump's interview got 3k dislikes in minutes. I despise that cunt Hillary
what? root beer?
That's like being CEO of Subway then being demoted to sandwich artisan.
If you don't like it than get the fuck off the computer.
mark sucks a good dick
lel
I'm to lazy to log in on yt
Eric mangini or Geep
Holly shit he's a cuck
I had a dream I met Lynch, kam, and some others at a convention. They all signed a blue toy sports car I was carrying for some reason and Pete was jumping around all happy and shit. Someone stole the autographed car and I fond it under a concrete bench in a massive building that was at least a mile high. Then I woke up. I have no idea what that means but it was strange.
She's hitler's daughter. Somethings habbeing.
If kelly gives yourk his tendies, he's good
what do we have to lose?
&gt;no mayonnaise &gt;no lemon &gt;no tomatoes What a shit recipe
I'm calling it how I see it. Seattle will win in CAR in blowout fashion. &gt;best receiver is ted gin JR &gt;against herman &gt;the only reason why they won last game because wager was out and lane is back It's going to be over by the 3rd quarter and cam is going to cry about lynch doing the superman after they lose the game and go 4-12 next season.
Holly shit. rams go back to LA, we get chip. wat a time to be alive.
MODS!
&gt; If you're in the US, the gulf, Texas, and oil fields are where the $ is not anymore.
/r/The_Donald would be the best place
Can someone make another vid of him saying "wake me up" instead of the original lyrics. For example the last seconds of the video were pure gold.
Canadian's BTFO. Canada on suicide watch.
do you have alopecia ?
that's what the teaches used to say all the time.
They killed him until he was dead
This is going to be a fun ride m8.
They will win a Superbowl in our lifetime.
they acted like Kaepernick was invisible when he ran against them
Ivonka Trump&gt; munn, no contest.
Nah. This game is going down in the books as one of the greatest playoff game ever. I feel honored to have watched it.
I know that feel bro. Us uglies are truly second class citizens that are on another program compared to all the normal looking people.
it was apart of his plan. 1/16 was a inside job.
His Daily routine &gt;get up &gt;make coffee &gt;eat halal breakfast &gt;tell wife I'm heading to work &gt;go to building with sward and chopping wood for a few hours &gt;warm up &gt;get call from the boss &gt;they ask me to remove head &gt;hang up and sigh &gt;get picked up and taken into a random ass field in the middle of nowhere &gt;say a few lines &gt;slice off head &gt;head back &gt;go home &gt;eat &gt;fuck wife &gt;sleep &gt;repeat It pays the bills but I could imagine it being mundane
The internet is serious business.
I like to do 2 things at once, when I leave the house I take out the trash.
&gt;not working at a grocery store that isn't a super walmart Winco,Safeway,Costco gives great bennies and you don't need a education. I want to be a school janitor because they pay good and the bennies are good too.
with cruz, you lose
His favorite burger is the discount double cheese
He doesn't dance, he does the truffle shuffle.
no
No one is equal to the Donald. the trump stumping has gone global.
fuck. Still qt though
Taylor swift
thanks fam
With cruz you lose.
If you're objectively ugly you will know.
This can be good. We sucked last year
Kill BILL
Trump should get a restraining order for what he did to Jeb.
&gt; Chip has proven he can be competitive without a top tier QB. He reminds me of BB
People who are in relationships are more driven because they have something to work towards.
The syrup game aint no joke.
He looks like the type of guy who blows the guy before he watches him fuck his wife.
This is why they advise shouldn't drink during pregnancy.
Looks like Steve from blue's clues.
He wears a hoodie to hide his mantits.
&gt; I want drugs to be legal one day. I want testosterone to be legal.
[I made this picture for you randlet](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/001/054/227/ecc.jpg)
who else here fucked up their life?
I don't think it was fun.
We are witnessing dangerous levels of autism, seek shelter or leave immediately.
Goodjob op. Never give up the window seat.
actually this sounds good.
source
We are getting stronger. we must shill to promote the growth of this place.
You should start lifting. You have great genetics and could get huge fam.
oy
Buying overpriced filters to be pretentious.
You could throw them over the line of scrimmage.
Just a group of youth being a little out of hand.
&gt; I won't mention the reasons why this is specifically happening in the USA I'll do it for you, it's cultural Marxism. We were all indoctrinated since grade 1-collge, the pendulum will swing to the other side in our lifetime. But we will be old.
So is isreal, we should follow them
You could burn 5 hours on a video game and it will feel like minutes. If you're going through depression video games are a great way to pass the time fast. They say suicide is the quitters route. But if suicide is the easy way out, than video games are the easy way though.
moar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrNxH6VM3H0&amp;feature=youtu.be this is neat
&gt;tfw want to help myself &gt;tfw know what too do &gt;no confidence or drive to do it worst feels
Because I told him i was here for doing bad in school and he said, "they lettin stupid motha fuckers in here now, I thought this was just for tickets, haha, dumb ass" Ever since then I was bullied. I finished up and never looked back.
Ok Hawking. Let me put my space helmet on and crawl into my space cannon, then shoot myself into another planet.
You could smell the cat piss through the screen.
Carson palmer is breaking other records.
&gt;wanting more reddit to go on there stop
Carson Palmer looked like Ryan Lindley out there.
&gt; but I would rather let her be president for life Enjoy WWlll
Only if she flings her dirty diaper at trump
Feels good to be a old guard.
gibs me that. that would be my answer. I would take the whole thing.
&gt;tfw witnessed the birth of that meme during October of 14 &gt;tfw you will never go back to that time
Did the kicker get heckled on the ride back after the Seattle game?
&gt;peas in a small pot bruh
&gt;SI Joint I never knew that existed
they are big guys 4u
tfw it's too small for a rubber anyway.
Because they use enough makeup to eclipse the sun and still have some leftover to paint a fucking wall.
Crime,heat,poverty.
&gt;meanwhile hernie is kicking the homeless out of their shelters in January.
I'm living that dream. I can't wake up.
BUUUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ, SWHOOOOOOOOO, CLICK CLICK CLICK. "this isn't going to hurt one bit"
I've lost more money to cops due to bs traffic tickets than robbers.
Like being pulled over for a broken break light and getting fined $125.
Tfw people without jobs get to vote on where our taxes go.
where do i get trump stickers?
&gt;it doesn't mention how feminism destroyed the family unit
I'm getting tired of these bernie cucks.
Someone sent me a link on how it destroyed the black community, can't find it anywhere but it was eyeopening.
It's funny how they roasted Palin because she was Donald's running mate, but let lena dunham who fingered a her sister gets no heat.
torn meniscus
&gt; I'm new to the concept of meme magic you just entered the rabbit hole, now lets meme a earthquake!
&gt; Dangerous stuff to say the least and since it's unknown I think the government knows about it, that's why they want to regulate the internet. Now that we have found out, it's too late. The final meme will appear and bring about the biggest collapse in history.
it's the wrong way too. Fucking bernie cucks
I believe in the future they're going to put those fitbits on fat people on SSI to make sure they get exercise or their government benefits get cut.
Or just get handjobs.
They are the bronies of politics.
&gt; iam also very drunk &gt;on reddit Degeneracy at its finest.
tfw trump wins California
Trump 2016
Civil war 2 when?
Anti cummies = pulling out
Make coffee great again !
It's going to be a impenetrable. It's going t be a real wall, no one is going to get through it,believe me.
ALL THOSE FUCKING NORMAL FAGS KNOW ABOUT PEPE FROGS REEE
AIRHORN
Best tomatoes I've ever had.
tfw no libtard gf
&gt;I don't lose sleep over the tears of people like that
She has some nice tits.
Those who keep saying "right side of history" are going to find themselves on the wrong side of the wall.
Same reason why people get upset when their team loses big games. Your parents have invested so much in to you and want you to succeed. When your dead you don't have a chance to win anymore. Even if you are 28 or 35 and still a hkv hiki. your parents still have hope, once you die, it's gone.
nice try
He should abolish the patriot act.
another one http://www.msnbc.com/msnbc/poll-has-europe-let-too-many-refugees
&gt;You probably don't make the cut. Because I don't have a vagina.
Daily reminder if you were sleeping in the street. There are people who would beat you up and steal all of your belongings.
Can someone tell me exactly what this "progress" is?
Attack trump something bad happens to you Seems to be a trend going on here. &gt;Curse those who curse you, bless those who bless you he literally is being watched by god
&gt; that's why they call it "programming." holly shit, never thought of it like that.
Not even Bill would.
Report it to FOX.
Finally, a real happening!
&gt; Seems to be a growing problem in a lot of first world countries Because there's nothing to really live for anymore. The modern world is surprisingly a depressing time to be alive. Marriage is dead, over 50% of them fail. Jobs hop up and leave, house prices are high, wages are low, tradition is nonexistent, and suicides rates are the highest they have ever been.
so it begins. 1984.
https://i.sli.mg/ki6ebi.png
I don't think the average american really cares about foreign policy. They care about things that affect them like their jobs, social security, and immigration. I don't think Hillary is going to do well in the debates without the teleprompter.
She's being questioned by the FBI, and has broken a law(made a mistake) and It's highly likely she will be going to the pokie.
&gt; she broke a law by mistake Wow, she's not guilty now. &gt;DNC doesn't seem to have a problem with her campaigning. Because it's either her or insert Joe Biden.
These protesters will be voting for Hillary. They're "the educated" voters.
They're supporting Hillary by default. Soros whom is a donator to hillary is paying for these to happen.
No, they're the "well educated democrat voter base" CNN keeps talking about.
He looks lost out there, honestly.
Look at all these faggots picking up trashy gangster culture. Gangster rap was a mistake.
More of the "educated" democrat voter base intelligently backing their stance against those ignorant Trump supporters.
this is really depressing.
lets get hm fired
Complain to his bosses by the 100s. He'll get fired.
Hillary should be on there too. The mayor of SanJoe should be on the top of that list because he essentially let rioters to go after them when he told the cops to stand down
I can't wait until trump unleashes on her for real.He hasn't yet, but he has been taking jabs. She blew her load too soon and at a bad time (during the NBA finals) This is going to be good
&gt;I'm building a wall. It's an inherent conflict of interest Why are they trying to spin this as race bait? The lawyer has got deep ties with the Clintons, he inherently dislikes trump because of that. CNN is trash
make a original post and with just the petition, He has to resign
how old are you m8
But you have to have sex to have children.
This is the "educated" democrat voter base CNN shills about.
WE DID IT REDDIT!
fucking this.
Just like how the elite want to take your guns and tear down the border wall. Yet live in a huge house with big walls and armed guards. It's only ok if they have these things, it's racist or unprogressive for you to have them.
the internet died when all the normies got faceberg.
you can't trust a berg
meanwhile at based bing
what would it be like to have hllary as your mom? She would have psychotic bitch fits wile doing the dishes or worse
&gt;Trump is evil he then proceeds to kiss hillary's ass
If he panders anymore he's going to have to wipe cum off his liver spotted forehead.
The left can't live long. There is a balance in the universe and the left disrupts it. It's going to crash and burn in the future, we may or may not be alive, but when It happens, it's going to be glorious.
Please be Rand Paul in the name of jesus.
This. Is "she" even a human? She shows no emotions, liken she's kept alive by a machine
Die already soros
is this fake?
Carl The Bull Prepping Cuck Carl The I can't punish my Wife's son CUCK Carl the one man Trump protest CUCK
[Trump pills work](https://i.sli.mg/GiZ4Gb.png)
She didn't. I was inspired by https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4n0g0x/the_die_cis_scum_girl_came_out_as_normal/
Didn't the Clintons use the welfare budget to fund the construction of prisons?
&gt;they don't know what checks and balances are top kek
Lies. They told me to vote at a specific district with my name a huge book.
Once in a lifetime candidate.
We need a Lord flair
tfw the normies are learning
Daily reminder during the Dem debate Clinton: “If we broke up the big banks tomorrow….would that end racism? Would that end sexism?” “No!” crowd yells out She's going to suck the big banks off very well.
pepe
Obama called him... Maybe she's going to jail
Tfw he hired that Goldman Sachs guy and he has Hillary's transcripts tfw she says something along the line as "the people of America are cattle" Only the most brain dead will vote for her.
This woman isn't the same person as the Hillary today, literally. This one died years ago and the other one is running today.
They call trump and bernie supporters ill-informed. yet hilbots say "it's time for a women now" There needs to be a bar exam to be able to vote.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dY77j6uBHI
&gt;tfw they start talking and your political views slip out
I hate TYT.
Nuggies
Sellout Sanders.
He's not white either.
Too nimble and skilled.
But from what? I hear soros bought a shit ton of valuable minerals. Is the economy going to tank soon?
After all those years,Ash will sill will not have become a pokemon master.
8/23/33
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ERzPFCE7B0
Hope it slides under after the bigone.
traps for trump?
He came to my state and I didn't see him. JUST. How are the rallies?
I wish I lived in Florida. great fishing liberals are in check Lizards everywhere can grow mangoes QTs alligator meat hunting for pigs can wear trump gear without worrying about being shot or stabbed. no cuck governor
hope trump buys them out
J-J-J-J-JUST- hillbots
until I fish the entire spot thoroughly .
I could see it all crumbling down for Hillary. This is what happend to jeb,ted, and rubio. Soaring in the polls, attack trump, then just crumble.
I feel a strong urge to move. How is VA? I want to get out of here.
"I don't work, I live free, we need more Muslim refugees"
-15k+ worth of Jewry on his neck alone -still makes his mom live on stamps
tfw don't live in VA tfw don't have a trump gf to have trendies with why live?
-feminine nu males self proclaimed "communists" -most lean left and don't have guns - fat feminist whales -win a war Okie dokie
tfw my EBT cart reupped feelsgoodman
post the links
is that his gf or his mum?
Why are things getting so bad so fast? 6 years ago there would have been a outrage, now everyone's so complacent.
[tfw born in a hellhole and there seems like there's no escape](https://i.sli.mg/DZh3Bz.jpg)
-want to change -can't find the energy too change -aspirations get stomped by reality
I prefer to spend mine alone if that means if I have to spend it with my family.
&gt; 27 year olds are probably more likely to be mature 28 here, I kill imaginary dinosaurs.
I had some neighbors that played loud Latin music at 8am. It was annoying but it was meh. Then they shot my cat with a air soft and I was pissed. I called ICE on them and all 6 of them got deported. Some of them had drugs on them.
Land of fakes butter!
I just became a millionaire
No.
-wanting your daughter to have a tramp stamp -probably has taken dozens of cocks kek
&gt;83.90% acceptance rate for Suffolk university &gt;90% unemployment rate for recent grads &gt;you are 50% horse
It's a powerful force, possibly one of the most powerful forces known to man. Once organized with a purpose, it can take down anyone.
Tactical autism deployed
WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Breaking the conditioning
I believe it. The dems are dirty.
A vote for Hilary is a vote for someone who is for internet censorship and the TPP.
https://i.sli.mg/KIsdIP.jpg
oy,
Why does he have to say dumb shit? why didn't he just stop at the last tweet?
that's not what the nromies think.
"muh feels" Jesus Christ, the Stockholm syndrome is freighting.
4u
False flag to get the heat off the attack that happened today. MSN is going to talk about this and say "see, not a Muslims, whites are evil"
saved
This is the most groundbreaking political forum I've ever seen. It's fun and engaging.
THEY sure want to take your guns.
match me!
He hasn't even did his exclusively crooked Hillary press conference yet. that's soon.
they come here. they were probably banned too.
Nothing is safe.
Welp.
welp. trump stumped, looks like I'm #MentallyHill
what do you use? I've never caught anything there.
what baits do you use? I've fished on the pier and caught nothing. I've also fished at Berkley pier and caught dogfish but never caught anything in sf.
"don't say mean things to Muslims" "Turn Saudi Arabia's enemies to rubble with drone strikes" "my armed guards have ARs and I live in a house with a wall" "walls are racist"
The only people that give me the time of the day are the homeless who ask for change.
Yes, and you should click unsubscribe as well
I'm looking into traps now.
Funny how these people destabilized the mid east by taking out their leaders and having thugs takeover their countries with weapons purchased by your tax dollars to do it. Yet mean words are going to be the thing that breaks the camel's back. This is what they call "progress"
I still can't believe this place took off like it did.
is this our manning face?
yep. The NBA is a nasty business. See Kings vs Lakers 2002 game 6.
lurk moar
I catch plenty of fish. Is it just the heads? can you use the entire fish?
Refugees welcome.
Funny how these shooters always have had contact with goverment people.
Lets face it. They're doing this to demoralize white men and nothing else.
JUST
EQUALITY!
On America's got talent. Howard stern's replacement was the first to stand up and clap.
noice. Do they give the trump posters away or do you buy them.
&gt; But she tans in the summer she's going to look like trump in her 40s m8.
No wonder why white women go for black men.
&gt; high-IQ &gt;start making babies Welp, someone else is going to have to cover for me.
srs with their tricks again. They link stormfront to discredit posts, watch out.
Muh dick. this rally is based as fuck. how can shillary compete
I love to put them in hot water before I fuck them. I assume that's how the real deal is. These are great toys, would recommend. I can't wait until VR glasses become more advanced so I could live out my fantasies. getting laid. I'm 29 btw
tfw no trump gf why even live?
lets not forget that they are funding 20% of her campaign. "fighting for us"-special interest contributors
"I don't work i live free we need more refugees" these people are ill
The media is a powerful drug.
That guy holding the plate was high off the high energy of the trump crowd.
reminds me of these songs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDf2r9DnVGU this one is very reminiscent of current events https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LMj2i5oDOY
seeing pics like these got me into lifting again.
There's not much to be optimistic about. Bogut and Iggy are out and the cavs look very dominant at every level. The warriors are missing shot after shot and look hopeless out there. If they play anything like they did the last 2 games they're fucked.
I'll spend 4 days with no restroom or food for 4days for 22milli. Those cops made that guy win the lotto, they saved him actually
what does this have to do with fat girls and why do they like this show? I've never seen it because I don't watch tv unless it's games
too bad that it's too late to grow most of that stuff
-hate whites -hate Christians -hate poor southerners -the left calling anyone a bigot
song name?
tweet to trump.
I can get behined more obscure porn subs
Politifact is confirmation bias and they ignore data that doesn't fit their narrative
tfw no trump gf
-drinking in to the trash it goes
nope. it means Blown The Fuck Out
&gt; YOU WILL HAVE THESE MOSLEMS VOTING FOR YOU FOR THE NEXT 200 YEA LBJ
Miller was born for this.
where trump find this guy?
The word "liberalism" contains the letters of "Islam" you literally can't spell liberalism with out the word "Islam"
-you can't choose "you are family" top kek
adopt more and have more. Teach them the ways.
Reddit is corporately owned and they censor articles on /r/news. Lets not act like this place is any better than 9gag. You have to go through jokes to find a informed comment about the original post.
-even caring about soccer top kek! If the US wins no one will really care but Argentina will cry for months.
"you are on the wrong side of history, Donald" "you're going to find yourself on the wrong side of a cell, Hillary"
Wow, I used to be a loser until I went to the job store. I signed my application and called and got the job. Now I can afford to move out because the economy isn't shit!
can we not? Miller is 100x better. Edit: Miller will be the better choice -more charismatic -more fluent -can rail up a crowd better than anyone I've seen in a political rally in decades -has worked with Jeff sessions,who maybe Trump's VP pick. Milo is cool. But this is serious and Milo is known to go on pol, he has too much baggage and is just isn't cut out for that kind of job. He's from UK too so there may be some legal complications.. Milo will be a horrible pick for this.
no. cutting infant dicks is inhumane.
REEEEEEEEE
&gt; he Implying he makes those decisions
Release hillary's emails. who gives a fuck about this none issue, the guy is dead.
if they do that I'll be #mentallyHill
I have ponds of seeds, I'm going to do this.
-implying you wouldn't bang
It was the absence of Bogut. He's the most underrated person on the team. He blocks shots, rebounds, dunks, and give Curry space to shoot. After they lost him, the Cavs just walked to the paint and got points. We need more guys like him on the team. Last year we had some other big white dude who did a good job but he went away as a FA. We need another Bogut.
You think OCK could have beaten the cavs?
yep, the dems run Chicago and their murder rate is high. About a month ago there was a day where 20 people died in 24 hours. That's middle east tier
they don't want to give these people a platform.
trump stumped now.
&gt;white people can't be poor -donald trump
&gt; option? Censorship? Press lying to us? they already are and do. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdQMcCYR8TA
&gt; All I see is Trump making rational statements with controversial -language attached, and everyone on the left JUMPS all over the language, never bothering to actually make a counter argument to what Trump said. -You clearly are a Trump supporter, you're just ashamed to admit it or want to appear as if you are an unbiased objective source when really you've drank the koolaid like all his other cultist fans. Case in point.
&gt; More illegal immigrants are leaving the country than coming in. We are spending 80 billion on them annually -I honestly dont understand why people think Obama has had a disasterous presidency? Because his regime supports isis. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUABL-Ialck
Rubio and Jeb tried.
is there a difference?
100b spent on illegal immigrant befits per year. the wall is only 10-12b we have enough money for 2 walls and still some left over if we cut their benefits.
if you show a normie this dank meme they would be like "wut?"
I think we should stop calling them Liberals. Real liberals probably don't want to be associated with these blue haired pierced lipped freaks. They're something else.
Some big strong fat guy that's 6'7 and has accuracy with the basketball would be a force in the nba. Imagine the screens, Imagine him in the paint dunking.
That guy who said he got ptsd from firing the rifle is a fucking clown.
My theory on this is that more and more of these potential shooters are online playing games or shitposting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCW7PZ3kHgw
-You claimed that Trump wasn't endorsed by hate groups He disavowed all hate groups, so this is irreverent. What's next? KKK like peanut butter and Skippy's is now a grand wizard? &gt; You claimed that hate groups endorsed Hillary just like they endorsed Trump. They did endorse Hillary. This is one of the media outlets who is prohillary too boot.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/hillary-clinton-kkk_us_56e7373ae4b0b25c918304f2 -America first=xenophobic? What's wrong with a president putting America first above anyone else?
These guy's are doing shady shit that harms our society but people would rather talk about trump's hair.
When Mine pass, I'm going to get on bux and live my life in public housing watching pron and eating junk till I die of a heart attack.
The dems have a Schultz too. Debbie is her name.
thanks. But can you erase the other words except I'm with you? This can be a epic meme like obama's hope.
10/10 these are great. Thanks fam
if the UK is out and trump wins. 2016 will be the start of some of the greatest times of our life's.
MATCH ME!
BASSLIVESMATTER catch and release.
This is super fake. fuck it, build it!
He blasted the TPP on live television, it was on CNN,FOX, and MSNBC. the news anchors looked like they witnessed the 2nd tower hit.
I bought his crippled America book and art of the deal. does any of that go toward the campaign?
-california strikes again I'm beginning to believe that california is sort of a science project for the lefty elites. Community colleges pay students to go and they're attracted to the sociology and humanities courses that teach "white people are evil" "black people are eternal victims" "patriotism is bad" "women are good" "men are pigs" "self hate is good" It's fucking cancer. When I shop, people have this look of dread in their eyes and there's no optimism anyone.
even listing to lefty "arguments" after liberalism has been hijacked by the regressives...
I collect autismbux
this doesn't look good.
it's for the ratings. They want to make it interesting because half of the american people don't like Clinton.
what were the temperatures like?
isn't London Iraq like LA is Mexico?
I don't hate Jews at all.
she's a minority and that will be raxidst
her turn to pick up her orange jumpsuit.
every fuckin time
it's democracy when my side wins it's populism politics when my side loses lefties, smh
nope. today is their 4th. we witnessed history
To be a liberal, all you have to do is turn on the TV, zombie out, and let the media form your opinions. To be "conservative" or leaning right, you have to have the drive to do some form of your own research to form those opinions because they're not spoon fed to you by people like john lebowitz ,John Oliver, and The "news". It makes sense that people with mental issues don't have the drive to form their own opinions because things like Depression eat up your ambition. So a vast majority of them are blindly listing to what MSM spoon feeds them. Notice how teachers are diagnosing kids with mental disorders and recommitting pills at a alarming rate. Notice how much these diseases skyrocketed within a decade, and notice which political party is giving these people little incentive to with handout and using them as a voting farm. sad
Top cuck
I've been called that many times for wearing a trump hat by white girls. I'm Asian btw.
&gt;letting people come work LEGALLY AKA saturating the job market and lowering wages for the native population.
"you come from begum which is pretty much a non country" Damn.
I'm from california and I'm about to move there. Fishing is great I hear. Nice weather.
We have been hearing this news in the US, so most of us are looking that up.
Latino here. Shit's so bad, only if liberals knew how bad it really is. They kill people, go back to Mexico then comeback.
Convincing argument freindo
I can't get over how big of a faggot bernie is. "this country won't elect a bigot" What a great argument from senator sanders.
TOP KEK! What if trump comes out with trump spam and it sells and makes millions?
He's turning into Ellen
yep, martial law will be enacted and we will have 3rd term Obama.
&gt; Open borders are fine Not if you're a average american citizen who doesn't own a factory who benefits off the labor. -axe the welfare -boost police force This is insane. Not only will poor people will have fewer opportunities due to open borders, they will not have any bux and will surely find some way to survive. They will rob others in rates so high.
wut?
no avocado no cream cheese not grilling the tomatoes and peppers
&gt;good morning good lookin you should have known that the text wasn't for you from the start.
another attempt to get virtue points to stump trump. that's it.
Take vitamin D and go walking innawoods
if he does get impeached, who's going to take his place? Biden?
lurk moar
the Clinton body count just got 1 death higher. But seriously, who in their right mind is going to vote for this monster?
didn't she preform at the RNC back in 08?
How do I get this gig? I really would love this job and I believe I can be great at it.
Poor Jed.
#librealgirlsbreakthelawnchairs
they're probably fucking right now. He's pregging her with another terrorist
The shills even gild each other to sway people.
&gt;This is a trade deal that Clinton has expressed support for in over 45 public speeches Holly shit, he has the Goldman Sachs tapes. No wonder why he hired that guy, 5 d checkers.
-dropping sauces is it working?
the jokes write themselves people.
This pic looks like it was taken from the 70s. How old is this guy? He's eternal.
why is she so qt bros?
I came to /r/roastme for some laughs, didn't know that there will be actual pigs.
jews win regardless
Shloged
they are, my fire, The one, desire, Believe, when I say I want my tendies Tell me why, trump Ain't nothin' but a ,heart ache Tell me why, constitution Ain't nothin' but a mistake, Tell me why, I never want to hear you say, I want my tendies
they wuz vikangs and shit
Did you use a dollar bill?
tweet to trump's people
This has to be a joke.
they're not depressed .
if she wins, we will finally get happenings!
https://www.bing.com/search?q=47+Mysterious+Deaths+surrounding+the+Clintons&amp;FORM=SBRS01 pure coincidence
&gt; or ur vote doesnt matter I wish california was split up during election time. We have more registered republicans than a lot of red states. This isn't right.
Get anotehr gf
They have good careers my dude.
then they will try to sell you the gimmicks.
around 2000 things started to go down hill
I'm behined 7 proxies mothafucka!
MAGA MOTHAFUCKA! YEEEEEEEEEEEE HAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
-he starts reading defenses reeeeeeeeee
Lose weight dammit! I'm doing it, I'm 216 lbs after being 260. Girls small talk to me at the register now when before it was all business. My goal weight is 175 and I'll be good. I'm already seeing 6pak definition under specific lighting. I'm gonna make it. It fucking sucks though. It blows because you have to refrain from eating trash like bread or processed foods. I didn't even cheat on my birthday,fuck that I'm done being fat. i was fat my whole life and I just had ENOUGH! so I'm dropping pounds my man. It's hard as fuck but once you get into the groove it's easy. going to the gym is easy,staying away from food is the hard part.
Bill belecheck loves em
chicken legs good? is beef good? I'm not a big guy so 1160 calories is my limit at most.
This was me, I just go on them now and they're fun! -not being suicidal on the low and going on big ass coasters
I like the raiders from a distance,glad they're fun to watch again. Lynch's in you face style and tied with the old school raider's reputation. this is going to be fun
step 4,have a lot of money
It's about time things start turning, i never gave up not matter how hopeless. I'm 28 HKV, I may not see wizardry
I have no pics of me online,I will never upload pics of me online.
we need more smart people on our side of the spectrum,don't off yourself.
how does this happen? give me a quick rundown on how it went
makes me think., I might try this
tfw Krillin is like 3'2'' and still gets gfs and I'm just sitting here masturbating
Shit lads. Our turn is coming, the past few years have been insane so insane that we are getting gfs left and right and leaving this sub
wait, so you're tellin me I can use black magic to acquire a gf?
you never heard of Boletus edulis
Play call of duty 4 like i did.
i live in ca but I might move to OR,or WA soon.
this is the true redpill. This is ultimately what not giving a fuck is supposed to be. You never see anyone this fearless living life like you just stated. People will bow to you,no matter what you look like. This is living life to the fullest, push fear back and nothing can stop a brotha. I gotta start living like that.
Fuck that place, it's doesn't do any good.
Jerk Sessions
this is my nigga right here.
I've been having a cup of oats before lifting and I've been getting stronger
[a fucking leaf](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0l20Pac9YWM)
I haven't played games in like 4 years. wanna get back but not interested anymore
damn
Anyone else think universe 6 and 7 are going to team up?
Who?
He better be
nice, hope we all make it someday.
But losers can win if they get their shit together. Look at nfl teams, some of them have sucked for decades and then started winning, winning big. like the pats and the seahawks.
how to increase luck?
tfw your soul mate was killed or aborted so you become a loner due to the laws of the universe
why is he still there? wilson keeps getting killed no o-line don't care about the passing game make wilson do panic mode stunts because no 0-line but it works
tfw no gf isn't such a bad feel after all
tfw no gf isn't such a bad feel after all.
tfw no gf isn't such a bad feel after all.
I'm a fisherman, I know about being patient. some days I wait for 5 to 9 hours not getting any bites and still call it a good day because I like nature and I find cool shit on the riverside. These people couldn't keep their line in the water for a minute without wanting to call it a day tellin my ass to be patient . I'm 2 fucking 7 years old, a grown ass man with the relationship experience of a god damn housecat! fuck I need some god damn love too, you feel me? These normies aren't seeing it in my preservative, they look through my eyes in their perspective, that's why it seems like they're assholes when in reality they don't know what's really going on.
I have a few gym crushes. I make sure I have more than one at any given time to increase my chances of avoiding total disappointment
Andy sounds like a fucking beast
-losing a shit ton of weight -been going to the gym for years -now seeing sixpack indentations through my shirt -asked some girl at the gym if she was using a dumbbell -she smiled,giggled,brushed her hair to the side and said no timidly am I going to make it lads?
how the fuck do you function? can you work through them?
Jets
you may need nofap
&gt; I now live in Orlando -Goes o golfland instead of all the theme parks top kek,go eat some gator
I couldn't bring a girl on a hike date either because fat women don't like to walk.
How bad is it in Baltamore?
oh shit, really makes you think doesn't it?
is posting it on /fit/ ok?
He's a beast. they gotta go for his legs because he's too beast for the scrubs to take him head on.sad!
I fucking love Frieza, he's my favorite dragon ball character. that's my goal body.
-lifting for women -not lifting to look like a dragon ball character and kick imaginary villain's asses in your mind get your priorities in order
I watched every episode of DBZ as a kid then dragonball. couldn't get into gt. Now I'm back at age 27. IDK i watched it over 9000 times, Love Freeza.
why are all the universes so concerned about universe 7? someone is hiding god ki power, gohan?
Why are normies allowed?
every morning I fight with it and I have to convince myself to make it go away. it lingers but I don't know if I'm going to be this strong for much longer. the depression is a bitch and will not go away despite lifting.
Hope this happens to me soon.
tfw been here for years too but i changed PCs and forgot the passwords to the accounts -tfw been here since 2011 when memes were poster before it got serious
does Jiren speak?
the measuring, the counting, ugh
&gt;feeling tfw no gf -thinking about the pros and cons -keep thinking about the cons -don't want a gf anymore
who here Beastblood?
was fat then slimmed down?
