Prince Fielder had a pretty damn good month as well. But no Kip deserved it
Alright so I'm a summer day camp counselor and there is a kid at the camp who is cheering for the Warriors to win the series because he knows it bugs people. My god is this kid a shit head I heard nothing but trash talk all day. I would throw a jab or two back but considering I'm the adult in the situation I couldn't just belittle him
How about an anti joke!!....how much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to mall your face off if you ever ran into one!! :D
Broham whenever I post anything semi criticizing Manziel I get down voted to hell and deemed a "hater". It's a lot more than 5-6
Bitonio was a 2nd rounder. It's not like it's unexpected for a 2nd or 3rd rounder to contribute day 1 but u understand what your saying
Assuming Smith isn't hurt that bad, I wouldn't mind him or Bosa for the Browns. If with their first two picks the Browns could snag two of the following three it would be great. Bosa, Smith, Thomas And I'm not an OSU fan in the slightest
they need a pass rush as well
If you're gonna repost, you should prob wait at least a day
Madden 16 is the latest one. Why would you go back to a previous madden?
So if the wheels fall off the kart with the next guy do we fire then immediately to? I mean fuck why not keep Pett because it's not like we can get any worse
We need Tennessee to win
I want him or Jaylon Smith (depending on how bad his injury is)
He has been playing a lot better the past few games
Check literally any other thread on the sub
Gonna guess somebody from Bleacher Report
Nah they are getting yelled at by O'Neil as we speak
Can we see some Pryor at QB because why the fuck not
Johnny "Angstey Teen" Manziel
Please no
we go from "High School Mike" to "College Chip"...one more regime and maybe we will finally get an NFL caliber HC
Wait no flag?
Like I said, the whole "Pett has lost locker room" is just untrue. We just don't have any talent
He's not trolling. Anything that is anti-Manziel is not trolling.
broham i've been downvoted on this sub for saying the Johnny the passer didn't play well against KC and I hope he bounces back. So yes. Literally any valid criticism on Johnny gets downvoted
I stand with Joe. Manziel should have at least been in the locker room to support his team
We also don't give coaches longer then two years to build a team. We never give a QB more than 16 games to develop. We have a Jerry Jones wanna be for an owner. Next to no play-makers on either side of the ball. We will have this same conversation next year
Good, he belongs on the bench
Who the hell are these guys?!?!?
I mean to be fair that was a time where everyone felt we were gonna go 9-7, 10-6, have a top 5 defense, and fight for a wild card spot.
Same old song and dance every year. I'll be waiting for your next statement next season
they said he will have the final say over the roster but he wont be involved in talent acquisition.....WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?!? this sounds dysfunctional already
WHy is everyone hating on Marrone? Is it because he left Buffalo to try and find a better job? record wise 6-10 in year 1 then 9-7 in year two seems like improvement in the right direction to me. Why the hate?
Sean Payton not Peyton Manning
He says we are gonna get what we drafted yet yesterday he refused to go into the game, he has played like shit all season, and we were trying him.at WR earlier this year. Fuck you Justin Gilbert, fuck you
Built a too defense with the Bills, took the Lions to the playoffs...yes please
so leading the league in receiving while only playing 12 games isn't elite. gtfo troll....or should i say u/740Buckeye??
https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3zacvj/report_browns_could_make_another_run_at_chip/cyln233 you're caught in a lie broham
"just lurked a lot"....is a redditor for 2 days -_-
you do know what creating an account to get past a ban means don't you?
Yup
I agree but he prob won't. He has no connection to the Browns move , so he has no idea how the fans felt so he prob has no sympathy
NT/DT are hard to judge because there impact isn't seen on the stat sheet. It seems like most of the big running plays that we got gashed for were to the outside. He played a lot better over the last 3 or 4 weeks
Day 1 dlc is just a fancy way of saying "hey look at this extra stuff that is already on the disc/in the coding that we are gonna charge you for" Either finish the product or release the unfinished content 3 months later bigger and better than you and it envisioned.I dont want the unfinished content because it is by definition unfinished.
I would love Coughlin. Dick LeBeau is 78 and still going strong, why not Coughlin!
I think the majority of people want to draft Bosa.
Who cares? Manziel is as good as gone. Good riddance!!
I'd be interested for a 5th rounder or lower
God I would love to see a Kirk Cousins vs Brian Hoyer super bowl.
You thought QB drama was ally. You merely adopted QB drama. Us Browns fans were born in it. Molded by it. We haven't seen a real QB since....uhm....
yeah that was prob the last real QB we had.
Stop with the Manziel posts. We have no GM no Coach, we just hired some fuck from Mets to do stuff in ours FO, and we have one of the strangest power structures in all of sports. Yet you people still want to talk about Manziel?!?! It's not just you op, but who the hell cares? Seriously who cares. I get that he's fun to watch. I get that he's the sole reason TMZ is still a thing, but seriously who cares? I've never understood the fascination with Manziel. Never!
One of those players was cut, and the other was made inactive by the team. They were punished, what's your point? Manziel has been more of a headache for this organization then the rest of the team combined
That doesn't change the fact that he is still a distraction. Just cause you ca name.other distractions doesn't make him less of a distraction. Also there is a difference between a one time thing and somebody who has a new story pop up every 6 weeks
You know what your comment shows me? It shows me that we would go back to talking about the team and not one God damn plyer who has done next to nothing in this league.
But no other "franchise QB" that we drafted has ever gotten this much coverage. Frye, Weedon, Quinn, and McCoy combined didn't get this amount of coverage. Last season after Hoyer hot named the starter, reporters were talking about the "outside chance" that Manziel starts. Maybe I'm just sick of the Manziel media circus. If he had come out of college and played at the same level as Luck, Rodgers, or Wilson I don't think I'd care as much.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAA1xgTTw9w
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAA1xgTTw9w
I disagree that's it'd a forgone conclusion that the Titans don't take Bosa. They are like us, they need a lot
Pro tip, if you have frame drops in cities turn godrays and shadows all the way down
I don't care
Pats DC. Idk why but i've got a feeling. Personally i'd like to see them take a run at Coughlin but that wont happen
game volume is really loud
It'll prob inovleve a hot tub and a hand gun!! I mean what else is left for him to do?
for HC? really?
Johnny no...Billy has done nothing wrong!!
Because I go to a settlement because of raider problem, solve it, go.back to Preston who says "there is settlement with a ghoul problem" and it turns it out to be the same god damn settlement. Are you fing kidding?!?!? They couldn't have told me about the ghouls and Raiders at the same time?!?! REALLY?!?!?
Isn't he bitching about not playing with his brother? What is this summer camp?!?!
Tell me about this Patricia guy? I don't think his name his ever been brought up on this sub!! Dude there have been like 4 other threads about Patricia. Look at the sub for two min before you post
Who? Edit: not trying to be an ass. Seriously who is this guy?
I'm 22 and I thought the same thing
I mean have they been rumored to be interviewing anyone else? Aren't they the only two left?
To be honest I feel like flag on Pacman was kind of bullshit. Buffect should have been ejected though
truth
Some Bengal fans ik are hilarious. "Fire Marvin Lewis!" "Cut Burrfect, Cut Pacman!, Cut Jeremy Hill" I will take all three please!
Since 2009, the Bengals have 6 playoff births, have 3 division titles, and are 66-45-1. I would love for Lewis to come here
Doesn't Burfict have a history of dirty hits? Meaning he definitely hasn't learned anything. https://vine.co/v/iMWPBbFYELr
Only if they take Johnny to
There's a settlement that is having some problems with Chem pushing tunnel snakes. I'll mark it on your map
He's right. A lot of you wont admit it, but he is totally right. Coaches get 2 years max to take a team with no talent to the playoffs
yeah we wouldn't want a proven winner here now would we
i'd be willing to sign him on the cheap
where as a completely disagree with the idea that we don't deserve a winner, I completely agree with what you're reasoning
is there a single beat writer that this sub does like? Next thing you're gonna tell me that Tom Hamilton is terrible at calling Tribe Games.
haven't the last 3 coaches been players coaches?
If we get him or RG3 on the cheap i'd be happy.
I feel like Zegura just reports the things that everyone already knows. Like if he were to vanish i don't think it would be noticed.
Well thank you for having a conversation with me my good sir
That pushes you over the edge of being a Browns fan? You put up with Manziel, the constant coaching carousel, and constant losing season but Kaperneck oh no not him. That's to far. Really dude?
Johnny ruined Johhny's career. If he was more concerned about improving his craft and not partying in Vegas then he would have a substantially higher chance of staying with the team.
I would love Rex Ryan if he were here
As a Browns fan I completley understand what you guys are going through and if you need a shoulder to cry on, most of us at /r/Browns have a shoulder open
Browns fans understand
This
Gmod. Left For Dead 2
Thanks god!! Goodbye Manziel Mafia!
love the fire!
Worst mistake you could make but welcome aboard!!
Damn beat me to it....
From the video Q"was this search any different from the others" A no not really "Sigh"
you don't know that edit: wow guys down vote me cause i don't agree
Love for 30 Kyrie hits 60 make it happen!
Healthy Kyrie and Healthy K Love I like our chances
Parker is 33, Duncan is 39, Manu is 38 how the hell are these guys still this productive?
Or treat him like a god who can't do anything wrong like we did with the last QB
We'd be a playoff team if this happened. Unfortunately it won't "sigh"
Do you think your hatred of religion and snobbish attitude towards all those who believe in it stems from the hatred of your upbringing in catholic school? Example of your snobbery includes your belief that all those who believe in religion are just simply not looking at it logically.
I disagree that people don't look at their own religion objectivity. When comparing religions i think most people who aren't cunts to begin with will disagree with others religion by using the logic of their owns religion. Example: Christians believe that Christ was truly gods son and that due to him dying on the cross, he opened the gates of heaven for all of mankind (which i am sure you already knew). Christians don't worship say Mohammed because they believe that Christ was gods son. Christians believe Christ was Gods son because they believe they believe in his miracles. (Water wine, 2 fish into 2 millionish fish, walking on water etc). So ergo Christians believe Christ was both human and divine because of his miracles, which makes him God's son. Now that was logic used with the spectrum of religion to make an argument for one over the other. Does it mean that it is right, no but it is an argument. TL DR: Your view of modern day religions people is that of an elderly women looking to bible thumps anyone who doesn't agree. Most people who are around your age who believe in some sort of organized religion are open to the idea that others religions exist and use event/beliefs within their own religion to justify their belief in said religion. It's not about disproving their religion.
don't get why you would patch this. It's not harming anything and not really ruining the game
Unless they actually come up with some sort of story, L4D should never be more than a $20 game imo
I've tended to shy away from VATS in this game. They have improved the shooting mechanics enough that figure I can hit them on my own
if we could grab him in the 4th or 5th id be okay with it
that's just the Manziel mafia. They will be flooding the Cowboys sub soon
Yes please
Because this subreddit hates anyone and everyone any of the media outlets want
They tossed him? Are you kidding me?!?!
No
it'd be great. Taking Hue from you guys and a Steeler legend holy crap that would be great
I turn 23 in March.
yes...did i offend you that much that you decided to downvote just because i said i turned 23 in a month and a half?
was a pretty shitty joke
I love his energy and i am really happy it started to show up in his play the last 4ish games. Hopefully he hits next season in stride
there is no center lol
Ya know if the Browns were offered a 3rd rounder or higher for him I might strongly consider taking it. Anything lower I feel like he is worth the risk
Regardless of weather or not he was required to be there is irrelevant. He should have been there to support his team
He's there in support, that what good it does. Shows that he is willing to stand by his team mates and fight in the trenches with them. But he also was suppose to report to Berea for injury treatment and for the second year in a row he said nah im.just no gonna show up to work today
dumb
Lue will prob just be our HC now
ah didn't see that
http://imgur.com/EvCvYsA
i am a little afraid that Lebron just got a "yes man" hired.
Well Blatt was quick Blatt's all Folks
I'm generally curious how Blatt would be doing if we didn't have lebron. Like say LeBron never comes here and we are sitting here with Wiggins and Kyrie. How would Blatt be doing?
Was he this weak last year?
I figured we would play better ball considering all the player supposedly love Lue
ik but still. I kind of expected a coming out with something to prove. Like "yeah! This is our guy!"
That's cause coach Lebron thinks he knows what he is doing
just like Blatt, player-coach Lebron lost his first game
You can build a pc on par with the consoles for $300. You don't know what your talking about
I'm 22, though I know about the the drive and the fumble I was not around to watch them. So Denver doesn't have the same sting with me
I'm sorry. Maybe your offense will score so many points that you don't need a defense?
Indians have one of the best social media teams out there.
I agree. If this sub wants to put there blinders on and be delusional about us getting Bosa then let them
Fuck Stephan A Smith and Fuck Skip Bayless
Can we get this post removed mods?
Scenario 1: Goff Scenario 2: Bosa Scenario 3: Trade down
on that same note, Christianity. Most Christians just wanna live their lives
so i'm 22 in the mid-western United states. In my experience most people who are Christians in their mid to late 20's and younger are just trying to live their lives and be good people. Of course old people gay bash. These are the same people that still drop N bombs, and believe minorities and women shouldn't be equal
So in a game where Love, Lebron, and Irving all go for 20+ they show the lowlights? ESPN has an anti-cleveland bias period. They do this to the tribe to and its rediclious
And I thought I was the only one. We gotta done vote this shit man
All NBA stuff aside You post on r/depression encouraging people to kill themselves, you post trash like this, man you really are a piece of work. Ass hole doesn't begin to describe your actions. You're actions are deplorable and disgusting. If you aren't getting help I really hope you get some soon. You're life may depend on it.
Yeah its clearly not all warrior fans but the vocal minority sometimes set the reputation for the majority. Just remember this when our fans flood your sub as well
Shouldn't they be at work? But seriously though who goes "hey let's go wait for team x's bus to get here so we boo them" ??
Steph is a better shooter, LBJ is a better passer, defender, driver, and ball handler. Once Steph's shot fades he doesn't offer much else. LBJ does
I don't recall what it was but he said something anti Browns and pro "that QB who shall not be named" and I whole hearty disagreed. But im very lukewarm on him
It's RG3 or McCown and I hope it's RG3.
Cleveland Dawgs
I can't wait for the league to give him half a flagrant to keep him in the game
I agree 100%
I had work 7-9, internship 9-5, now class 6-9....god damn it I hate summer classes. Take what little energy I have left Lebron!!!!
FUCK DRAYMON GREEN, FUCK ESPN, FUCK THE NATIONAL MEDIA, FOR THE LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Strength in Numbers" even sounds like a bandwagon slogan
Fun fact Steph Curry wears socks with sandals. LBJ &gt;Curry
Slow down boys
Can't be upset with Love's effort
There ya go TT. Do to them what Biyambo did to us
Really that's not a foul on curry?!?! Really?!?!?
So that's a foul but Curry basically hugging Lebron arm isnt?
LBJ!!!!!!
Can't leave him open
Really that's not off Curry? You sure?
BUT GUYS LEBRON FLOPS ALL THE TIME Fucking piece of shit Green
Someone tell Draymon Green that he can quit floppin cause this is the NBA not the WWE. Although maybe there isn't much of a difference anymore
O look the refs are gonna call fouls on the Warrior players who don't matter
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!
We are down 8....in the first half....calm the hell down
You call being down 8 with a full half of basketball not competitive?
I mean clearly we are just an awful team with awful players
STEPH I HOPE YOU OPEN UP A RESTAURANT, LIKE A REALLY NICE ONE, AND THE ONLY THING THAT ANYONE EVER ORDERS IS A DELLY TREY
no please, keep yapping Draymon
Come on Kyrie
Nah its alright just shove Kyrie out of the way no biggie
KLov3
GO BACK TO RUNESCAPE AND MINE ME YEW LOGS YOU FUCK Translation: hey guy be positive
FUCK YEAH!!!
WARRIORS I HOPE YOU GO INTO THE LOCKER ROOM SOMEONE HAS LOOSENED THE SCREWS ON YOUR CHAIRS SO YOU ALL FALL ON YOUR ASSES YOU FUCKS!!!!!
Andy looking like a sardine out there
We don't need to answer every 3 guys chill
I'll live with anyone not named Green, Curry, or Thompson beating us
REFS YOU BETTER START CALLING THE GAME FAIR OR I SWEAR TO GOD EVERYTIME YOU GO TO POUR SALT ON YOUR FOOD THE ENTIRE SHAKER WILL EMPTY ONTO YOUR PLATE
HIS FEAT WERE MOVING YOU FUCKS
GIVE KERR A TECH I HEARD YOU WOULDN'T
Wait wait wait they actually called a foul on Steph?
In Major League "Wild Thing" struggled all season only to be clutch in the end. JR Smith = Wild Thing LET'S GO
But bur but we stink and the game is basically over
Alright JR "Wild Thing" Smith let's go
Come on Delly
It's K if Draymon can do it Delly can to its k
Cool they didn't fuck us
We already are the team everybody hates
God...fucking....Damn it
In other news water is wet
How are we letting there bench beat us
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
Shaun Livingston having the game of his life
Love has a double double right now and has scored 1/3 of our points. But yeah he is the problem.
Kyrie getting manhandled in the double team and nothing called
What is with the Warriors floor?
It's a 7 game series...we grab Sundays game and both at home and we are set
Holy Shit bench points
OKC didn't have the best player on the planet
Alright see yall's Sunday
I don't care if you're Black, White, Green. Purple or Blue I just want to win games
Way to go Frankie!!!!
OH SNAPOLI!!!!!!
Hell yes
Hello......it's me
Great movie
THIS IS OUR FIRST PLACE
NAPOLI ALREADY HAS 14 HRS!!!!!!!
Or let Urbie be Giambi
Isn't this r/ClevelandCavs? Isn't this where we are SUPPOSE to be homers?
Let him be this year's Giambi. Be the locker room/clubhouse leader who plays maybe once every 5 days or so
Indians in home run derby form!!!
Game is official right?
LET'S GO!!!!!!
I thought so to
I hate this commercial
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!
Someone throw Stephs mouthpiece out
JR needs to score more than 3 points today
They clearly heard the whistle then they still cheer for the bucket lol really?
Don't shoot 3s cause they do. Play our game we got this
God fuck boget
Get hot JR
Frye needs to play. I don't get why he hasn't been playing
Nice hustle play from TT
Okay so that's not foul, neither is JR getting hit in the face but lebron driving is a foul?
It helps when the refs let him get away with murder
There we go shump
THERE WE GO
Can't leave Thompson open
What? !?!
So not even a foul on that?
Interesting JR gets hit in the face, LeBron gets murdered by Iggy in the paint, and Love gets elbowed in the back of the head and not a single of those were fouls
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Did you watch the game on thursday? Cavs can't buy a call meanwhile they get called for every little tickey tacky call
Coach Lebron needs to put Frye in
We need someone to protect the rim..literally anyone
Well fuck
Come on JR
Should have been and 1
Ref is about to lose his job for calling Curry for his 4th foul
Stop it Lebron
Welp at least the Indians are in 1st place
"Yells at me for not healing you while I'm Zenyatta" BITCH I DIE IN LIKE 2-3 SHOTS AND YOU ARE FIST DEEP IN ENEMY ASS HOLE. YOU WANT FUCKING HEALED AT LEAST GET INTO MY FOV SO I CAN ATTEMPT TO THROW YOU AN ORB
I forgot we still had James Jones
OR YOU COULD PLAY THE HEALER OR TANK. DONT BITCH AT OTHERS FOR DOING THE SAME THING YOU ARE DOING
Trump is the R nominee and seems to be unharmed by "gaffs". I'd almost put money on him being the next president
just one bad inning. Cody's got it
How many no calls will we get today I'm setting the over under at 25.5
Ty Lue you're wearing the wrong color!!
Mozgov looks lost lol
R/NBA thinks the refs are favoring us lawl
HOLY FUCK HE MADE IT. Doesn't matter that it's no good
I get that but we need bench scoring
Shafted like every game in this series
Mozgov and Frye need to play. Not at the same time but they need to play
Frye is part of the reason we got here he needs to play
That's a flop!!
The curry flop!!
Our guys are gonna run outta gas. Get some.kimd of rotation Lue
No its because the refs are favoring the Cavs even though that isn't true in the slightest
Frye stepping up the defense
Like Barnes with the elbow on Love? Or Green when he hit JR in the face last game?
Didn't need to when he's flying through the air and Love wasn't looking
I agree
BENCH SQUAD!!!!
No but it still should have been a common foul
you know everyone hates on Lebron for floppin, then Curry does this shit and nobody bats an eye. Not to mention that whenever Curry asks for a call he gets one, meanwhile Lebron could get stabbed in the paint and it would be a foul on Thompson some how
"Lebron can't shoot"....last night happens....riiiiiight
He actually said that later in his post if you read the whole thing
I honestly don't hate Curry. I hate the way he shoots then just starts heading up the floor to play defense. Like dude follow your shot. I also hate the way ESPN won't hop off his gonads. Green, no fuck Draymon Green and his ass kick flailing that is in no way natural or a basketball move
Hi Joe I am going to apologize in advance if this comes off as attacking you, know that is not my intention. Why do your fellow writers have an anti-small market/anti-cleveland bias? It seems like whenever a Cleveland team does well there is always some rhetoric about how there is actually termoil in the locker room, or the front office when in actuality it's just a gigantic fabrication. It's never just "all is well in the Land". Even when Lebron came back not 3 months later people were talking about how he was going to leave again.
That's what we said about Delly but that's somehow different
I think the thing that bugs me is that LeBron gets the tickey tacky fouls to go his way but not the ones where gets blown up. I'd prefer the opposite
So then the simple thing seems to be to hold him accountable through suspensions and fouls. Instead the NBA gives him favorable treatment which allows him to do the things he does. I don't care what you call it I just want everyone on the same playing field and that isn't what happens
I disagree that Frye can't be on the floor for a significant amount if time. Yesterday when Frye was on the floor in the first half yes he had defensive issues, but when he was out there in the third he had a couple nice plays on defense (the block, couple contests, and I believe a steal). Frye alongside the rest of our bench hasn't really done much but then again when you get less than 3 min to do anything its hard to be effective. I'm not saying the entire bench needs to play, but Mozgov, Shump, and Delly should play between 7-10 min a game and not &gt;5min
Shump has been solid on D. Delly has shot what 3 times all series? How can you say he's playing poorly if he doesn't get to play. Might as well say Sasha Kaun had played shitty in this series to
1 player doesn't blow a 20pt lead
i was gonna guess Hartline but.....
Can't blame him for shooting the wide open shot
I don't like this lineup
He got a common foul
It's tied
Fine let me rephrase. How is the game out if hand when we are down by 2 in the 2nd quarter
Only been 3 games
Kyrie keeping us in the game!!!!
Lebron you're better then this
TT with the mid range shot
Yes
Lawl the Love flop
Shit shit shit shit
MAKE YOUR FREE THROWS
NO FOUL?!?!?!
Kyrie is literally the only reason we were ein this game. Fuck you guys calling him a ball hog
Who cares about stats?
FUCK THE DONKEY
He does a great job defensively, great job calling the game and a great rapour with our pitchers. It would be a mistake to get rid of Gomes edit: words are hard
Salazar cruising!
It's only his 3 time hitting someone in the balls but nah Lebron is at fault
His ERA is below 2 now right? Edit: that didn't last long
Rip
This is the true answer
If you don't have your resolution down to low then I'd do that
As someone who frequently plays Zenyatta and is currently learning Lucio....PREEEEEEEACH
So if you're going to buy the $60 version I am going to repeat what I heard a streamer say. "Buy the $40 version then spend $20 on loot boxes. No point in buying the $60 version to get skins for games you don't have" Maybe that want the excat quote but it was something like that
Andy Flopajo
If you lean into it shouldn't be a foul. That's so bull shit
ANDY FLOPAJO!!!!!
Andy Flapajo needs to stay on the bench. If Golden State is gonna win let them earn it. Don't have the refs hand it to them
I don't understand where the foul was
Man. You take away the 3pt line and Warriors don't make it to the playoffs
There is literally nothing you can do on that shot
They literally give Andy EVERY FLOP
THAT'S LITERALLY 3 TIMES THEY HAVE GIVEN ANDY THE FLOP CALL. AND YOU FUCKS ARE TRYING TO TELL ME THESE REFS ARE FAIR?!?!?!?
I'd rather see Love just foul Curry out on the wing and not let him shoot the 3
Why?!?! Just why?!?!
Yes
Next time he shouldn't play with people's balls so much.
Lawl yea sure these refs are fine lawl
You are sitting here and watching the Warriors get away with flop after flop and you are telling me that the game is rigged in Cleveland's favor?
Flopajo back in the game!
Andy should be in Hollywood
Andy deserves to be Hollywood not in the NBA
MVP MVP MVP
Curry got the same excat call earlier in the game quit your bitchin
Yup Flopajo flops 3 times and gets the call everytime, Golden State has 3 more free throws then cleveland, TT gets hacked in the paint consistently with no calls but yeah the refs favored the Cavs Gtfo with this bull shit
Was in a game yesterday where one player on each team quit then it ended the game because not enough players Bitch let me play 5v5 if I have to
IF YOU COMPLAIN ABOUT EVERY CHARACTER IN THE GAME BEING OP THEN NO CHARACTER IS TRULY OP WITH THAT BEING SAID, FUCK BASTIAN AND FUCK MCCREE
As someone who loves to play Zenyatta HELL TO THE YES
I agree but they shouldn't 1 hit Zenyatta and they were
R/nfl is a gigantic lulBrowns circle jerk lol
Lucio. I've got the healing stuff down, however I'm awful doing any damage or getting any kills period
Tip: you must have players on the payload/point in order to trigger overtime!!
I'm still in class!! :((((((
Is that a MO Williams sighting?!?!?!?
BEST PG IN THE LEAGUE LEBRON JAMES
LAWL it's the "Cavs are up to much" whistle
*after he took the shot
If only the foul calls weren't bull shit
You know the refs won't let that happen
"Quick guys we gotta call a bunch of fouls on Cleveland to let the Warriors back in it." Also it seems to be the same refs making calls on us everytime just sayin
Refs are screwing the Cavs more than the Warriors are
Lol you watch this game and think the refs are helping the Cavs after the refs just closed the 20pt gap for the Warriors lawl Edit: also he straight up grabbed Kyrie that's a textbook foul
To be fair he is a bit over paid considering Biyambo outplayed him
Someone tell Curry to keep his pacifier in his mouth
Hustle back please?
I don't know what your talking about LOV3 :P
LET'S GO!!!!!!!!
JUST GET POINTS. QUIT FUCKING AROUND
Klay hacks Kyrie's Arm 2 or 3 times nope timeout Cavs
Really that's a foul on Kyrie?!?!? Excuse me?!?!
CURRY FLOP!!!
Remember when you guys thought Curry was better than Lebron? Lawl
GET THAT WEAK SHIT OUTTA HERE
"Can't take it when it's given to him" Lebron goes on to score 41 points in a 15 point victory IN Orcale. Yes please keep takin shit about the best player on the planet
NAH NAH NAH NAH.....NAH NAH NAH NAH....HEY HEY HEY GOODBYE!!!!
NAH NAH NAH NAH....NAH NAH NAH NAH....HEY HEY HEY GOOD BYE!!!!!!!
#MouthGaurdLivesMatter
Lol bro that shows how much the NBA favors him
WARRIORS FANS WHY ARE YOUR PLAYERS LEAVING EARLY?!?! IF LEBRON DOES THAT HE WOULD BE BAD SPORT SO WHY DO YOUR PLAYER GET TO DO IT?!?!?!?!?
Klay
I hate it when Warriors fans hop all over the Curry dick when they just started watching basketball last year Been a Cleveland fan since 93. I remember when the Cavs only decent player was Rickey Davis.....RICKEY FUCKING DAVIS
Warrior fan takes a shot at my fanbase and I can't fire back? Lawl this sub
In what way is he speaking for the Cavs?
truth
yup. Especially after Kerr and Curry both bitched in the post game
that last photo is my favorite &lt;3
Shhhhh
Let's get back on track tonight boys!!!! Go Tribe!!!!
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ CAVS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
LETS MAKE HISTORY TODAY BOYS!!!!!!!!!
I'M SO FREAKING HYPED
STRENGTH IN NUMBERS IS A BANDWAGON SLOGAN ANYWAY!! LET'S GO CAVS
Who?
It's been an honor to go through the ups and downs of the season with you guys. I'm ready to witness history alongside you all! #ForTheLand
Call timeout right here
NICE EFFORT KLOVE!!!
Someone fucking stick to Curry
Nice shot jr
KICK HIM IN THE BALLS
LET'S GO
You're juts gonna leave Klay open? No contest at all? Alright
They aren't calling fouls and I like it
Against superior competition? Fuck you JVG
YES KLOVE!!! LOVE THE ENERGY
It's K Andy won't make them
Uhm mo?
Someone tell mo he is just in there to look pretty
Make the shot Love God damn
They don't miss wtf
JR if you are gonna foul Curry make it count
GOLDEN STATE FLOPPERS
LET'S FUCKING GO KYRIE
Please don't let this get outta hand
Mo is playing to much
LOVE HAS PLAYED WELL. AND ALL YOU FUCKS DOUBTED HIM
11 rebounds for Love. #JustSayin
That whistle was so late I heard it tomorrow
I'm do nervous im.gonna puke....or maybe it's the booze....
Like how do you defend that?
God fucking damn it
THERE IS STILL TIME WE COULD BE WITNESSING HISTORY BE POST I'VE DAMIT
Bron no.....
Adam Silver looks so disappointed lol
WE FUCKING WON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I CANT HEAR YOU OVER THE SOUND OF A CHAMPIONSHIP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
With how much disrespect this team has gotten all season, with how many downvotes all the cavs fans have gotten all season, for all the anti Cleveland bullshit that has plagued this sub no FUCK YOU AND LET ME ENJOY THE MOMENT MY TEAM DESERVES
source? i want to make the trip up from Columbus
I'M GONNA BE AT THE PARADE ON WEDNESDAY!!!!!!! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
IT'S TRIBE TIME NOW!!!! THE CURSE HAS BEEN LIFTED LET'S GO INDIANS!!!!
I whole heartedly disagree. Mei can freeze and one shot squishys, but nobody else, and the freeze effect (not her ult her left click) doesn't last long. The counter is distance. Her right click is nothing more then a sniper bullet with less damage and higher rate of fire. Torbjourn's turret needs to be given a FOV that isn't 360 degrees. That is what I would fix
You're telling me the 73-9 team was the underdog LAWL
Link to the video? I want all the feels!!!
I am doing this same thing. So pumped
I'm driving up from Columbus after work today. Staying with a buddy of mine in Shaker Heights. We are going to take the train in at like 8:30/9. It will prob be packed by then but fuck it!!! We champs!!!!
Depends on how close you wanna be. I think we are going to head out at like 830 and go stand somewhere on E9th. I want more information though. I want to be somewhere where I can see them celebrate and still see/hear them talk if that's a thing
Wait like I can't buy them tomorrow?
Cool. Sent my buddy who lives up there to pick up our tickets today lol
Are you serious? You can't even be happy when we win? Who pees in your cherrios every morning man? I'm sorry
SEE ALL YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARDS ON E9TH!!!!!
I feel like Lamb is just a young Shumpert. People would turn on him so fast after he misses a couple wide open 3's just like they did on Shump!
I can see myself in this picture lol
Half truth. They haven't lost at home all month
I think Boston is super underrated. I don't think they can beat us, but I think Boston is one all star away from contending
Kyrie has proven he can produce at the highest level of the NBA. So kyrie
He doesn't want to be on a first place team? Doesn't want to be on a team that just won 11 straight at home? Psshhh his loss. It is a shame though cause he is a perfect fit for out team
It's hard because I like the fact he plays literally everywhere. He has played some solid D at multiple positions. If Almonte tears up in Columbus then I can see bringing him up. But if Almonte is just average then I'd rather have the guy who can play everywhere over a pure outfield guy
1. Yes 2. NO 3. Meh 4. why is he not number 1?
AL Central is gonna be tight till the end. I look at the Royals and I'm like "nah man they don't have the rotation". Then I look at my Tribe and i'm like "man we really don't have the offense" (despite the recent offensive surge). The Royals and Indians should combine to make one super team!! KC fans you with me?
(Not that it would happen) but if you an I were to be the GM's of our respected teams and I were to offer you Carrasico, and 2 mid tier prospects for Soler and the AAA porspect would you take it? Ik Carrasico isn't a lefty but great pitcher with a very team friendly contract
no the clause itself doesn't. However saying "don't trade me to these teams" totally does lol
gotta throw in Napoli and a healthy Brantley in there and we have ourselves a super team!
this is how i ranked as well. But hot damn is our rotation solid
i about died xD
So I didn't realize episode 13 was the episode of the season. I went to click next after Diez has the gun on the CO and when I found out that was the end of the season I nearly flipped a shit
I have the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1's and I enjoy them. But everyone's definition of comfortable is different
World Series confirmed!!
Nobody is gonna start if we don't vote them in!!!
Nobody because I don't wanna be the ass hole who yells at my team to switch while i'm playing a dps character
I would assume we would give up prospects not Almonte/Martinez
Don't need a bullpen when our starters all go 7+ WAHOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ah you think losing is your allie? We were born into losing. I didn't see a winning season till I was a man. You merely adopted losing
GO SUPPORT THE TRIBE!!!! First place 11 games above .500!!!
LET'S GO!!!!!!!!
Okay so I'm level 40 and my buddy is level 20. Can somebody explain to me why we get matched aginst teams filled with 70+? Ik rank doesn't equal skill but there is still a huge difference between a level 80 and a level 20
We are finally starting to get some national attention
I don't agree wwith the nerf to torb. They are nerfing turret damage and I think the should just give the turret an FOV. Bastian I just think if he can get hooked by Roadhog he should be able to be booped by Lucio/Winston. Nothing more Tracer her ult does next to no splash damage. I'd glad trade more damage for it to take slightly longer to charge
All I'm saying with Bastian is that if Roadhog can pull him out his turret mode Lucio, and Winstons ult should be able to boop him out as well Also I'm on PC
All I'm saying with Bastian is that he should be able to be poped outta turret mode. Roadhog's chain can already do this and I think that Winston's ult and Lucio's right click should do the same
Yes come!!!! Come support your 1st place Cleveland Indians!!!
If it takes time to learn to play a character then that character isn't op. Meanwhile if you can hop in a game and without ever playing the game before completely wreck the other team then the character is op
LETS go tribe!!!
i mean to me its the same idea that if people complain that every single character is op (which this sub does pretty sure i saw a post complaining about how op Zen is) then nobody is actually op imo
Game is official!!
Hey CF cam you wanna not have a finger over the lens? Thanks
Yea that was kinda brutal. But we are up 5-2. Let's not forget that!
Hasn't pitched in 12 days xD
I'm a Cleveland Sports fan. I wasn't old enough for the Drive, the Fumble, and the shot BUT i do remember the Browns moving, blown save in '97, Lebron leaving in 2010? and just the terribleness that is the Cleveland Browns. But all i gotta say is TAYLOR YOU AINT GOT SHIT ON US CLEVELAND FANS. Thank God Lebron came back and ended our 52 YEAR DROUGHT
as a Cleveland fan yes, i felt all the feels. I still don't believe it was real
As a pc player more often than not I'm in a discord with friends. I would imagine others do he same. Also the line &gt;I always make call outs regardless if anyone is listening in the off chance that someone is actually in the voice channel and wants to listen to my directions. Makes you sound kind of douchey. I'm sure it was just bad wording and what i am about to say ist the case but people may not like the tone and way you give directions and may end up muting you.
I SWEAR TO GOD THIS SUB COMPLAINS THAT EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER IS FUCKING OP. NEWS FLASH IF EVERY CHARACTER IS OP NOBODY IS OP !!!!!!!!
So true I'm pretty sure I saw a Zenyatta is op post the other day
Yea man I get it. Like I said I just think most pc people are in a disocrd/ts with their friends
Did you set it to wambo?
AS SOMEONE WHO PLAYS REINHART OFTEN WHY SHOULD I HOLD MY SHIELD UP IF NOBODY GETS BEHIND ME OR I AM HOLDING MY SHIELD UP FOR AS LONG AS I CAN BEFORE IT GETS COMPLETELY DESTROYED BY THAT BASTIAN THAT NOBODY WANTS TO TAKE OUT
I don't think we can fit one under the salary cap
News and discussion
Somebody needs to recognize the healers. Cause everytime I play as Lucio or Zen I get comments by my team about how shitty I am meanwhile the end card says I healed 35-45% of team damage. Edit: clearly somebody from my team saw my comment ;)
NOT LIKE THAT KIND OF THING WORKS IN ANY OTHER GAME. HOP ONTO COD/BATTLEFIELD/HALO/CS AND ALL ANYONE WANTS TO DO IS KILL OTHER PEOPLE NO MATTER THE GAME MODE
FUCK ANYONE WHO TELLS ME I DIDN'T DO SHIT TO HELP THE TEAM WHEN I HAVE 3:45 OBJECTIVE TIME IN AN INTENSE 3 ROUND KING OF THE HILL. NO I DONT CARE THAT YOU WERE SILVER IN OBJECTIVE TIME WITH 45 SECONDS BECAUSE I LITERALLY HAD 3 MORE MIN THAN YOU AND WE HAD THE SAME AMOUNT OF ELIMINATIONS. DONT TELL ME ITS MY FAULT THAT WE LOST WHEN I AM THE ONLY ONE ON THE GOD DAMN OBJECTIVE AND I HAVE OVER 3 AND A HALF MIN IN OBJECTIVE TIME!!!!!!!!!!
つ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つつ ◕_◕ ༽つ INDIANS take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Why are you posting this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkTb9GP9lVI
LET'S GO!!!!! Honestly though I feel like their about a 25% chance all the draft picks make the team
Anyone who calls other players shit I clearly takes the game to seriously
He has 150 hp and no mobility. Why not a health buff?
100% with this. The fact that he isn't immune is shenanigans
That was my thought as well but with all the guys we have let go it wouldn't surprise me
You guys literally just got the Torbjourn patch the other day didn't you? It's easier to update games on PC which is why that platform gets quicker patches. Console you have to go through Microsoft/Sony and that takes longer.
Quickplay: as long as you are trying to win the game, do whatever you want. Don't call others out and yell at them to switch because you're playing quickplay. If you want a properly constructed team go play competitive. Competitive: play with some buddies if possible. Communicate with you're team! Actually construct you're team to do well!
Dude competitive just came out. Take a break
Yeah I've seen that. I'm on PC so that doesn't really help me at all lol
Piggybacking off your comment, I actually really like the show. I just feel like this sub has a a lot of sour puss fans (which honestly I can't blame them considering how bad we have been).
Lol hypocrisy in this comment is hilarious
Have you seen all those threads about toxic folks? You may be one of them....
"want's to win" would rather be on the last place Reds as opposed to the first place indians.........alright then edit: oh shit i totally misread the tweet. Yes please bring him here
clearly.
k so when i post a "What is Charlie Frye doing right now" thread it better not get deleted
Jim Brown is a Browns legend and in the hall of fame and Kosar still has some role with the team so those two are incredibly different then he who shall not be named. Cribbs fair point. Cribbs though has Browns single season records but fair point. I have said it before if the post relates to the Browns then I personally think it would be fair game. The tweet/story about the Browns saving 2million in cap space from he who shall not be named is incredibly different then "Johnny posted on Instagram" or "Johnny got suspended again"
