Is any of this meaningful for Clinton when her foundation brings in the money it does? Only a fool believes that the foundation isn't a essentially a thinly veiled campaign fund.
Prop 64 requires warnings on everything that might cause cancer. Do you know what might cause cancer? Everything. The crappy design was crappy law design.
If the law said it is illegal to pisses something, it will be illegal. Ex post facto would prevent you from being punished for possession prior to the the time it was made illegal.
meh. I'll take my lumps I don't mind. Look, Cena doing this after the cameras going off is cool. But his little in ring/on camera routine rubbed me the wrong way. I have a niece that has been battling cancer for the last year so I get the severity of the issue. I also get why it is good for the kid. But that is also why it is craven to do it on camera. It is emotionally manipulative and cheap. I consider the downvotes evidence of exactly how easy it is to exploit the good hearts people have. I don't have a problem with them downvoting me because they do it for the kid, which I totally understand.
Nice. The man is living his dream in the biggest ways possible and I love it.
http://digg.com/video/is-amy-schumer-hot-enough-for-television Yes. Funny and talented. Also self deprecating in a good way.
"I was going to give you the us title to prove how honorable I am, but your mildly gloating promo makes it so I can go back on my word and insult you in far worse ways. I'm classy like that."
Jorts. You left off jorts.
Who says it didn't? Oh, I'm sorry tumblr feminists, did you assume that either the vault dweller or the dog were males based on their outward appearances? Nice job bigots.
The indisputable genius of Bruce Timm aside, get the people who have made the animated DC films and let them go wild with live action. You could point to any number of DC animated movies that would have been incredible summer blockbusters. The animated films have consistently 1) accepted what they were without apology or excuses 2) knew their history without over explaining to the audience 3) knew how to present their material so it was friendly to the hard core and the newcomer alike. But I would also hire Bruce Timm. I mean, who else has made a bigger contribution to the batman universe in the last 30 years? Harley Quinn and Detective Montoya alone put him up there among the all time greats.
&gt; You could make a movie starring wolverine and deadpool. Well, they already did and it sucked. I forgive you for not remembering it. The movie was so bad that it caused selective amnesia and a complete reboot of the mutant timeline in the cinematic universe.
They would have been violating HIPPA in the process.
Ah Puch will be way op for a bit now. He eventually got nerfed to manageable levels, but for the time being, I feel sorry for anybody who mains aphrodite.
This is what she does when she can easily command attention. I shudder to think what she will do when the media isn't interested in her any more.
&gt;A big part of the problem on the developer side is that they didn’t flatter games media. What a developer is supposed to do is to give their violence ironic cover, or agree to pretend that it’s a deconstruction of violence, or make the player wear a surreal animal mask, anything to “elevate” the piece so that the press can rub their faces on it like a cat. Barring these, you’d better fucking know one of them. That is the key graph. Had hatred played the cynical game of pretending to be high brow, it would have got a pass. They decided to pander to their customers instead of the gaming press. The gaming press tried to make a show of force and ended up looking stupid in the process as. But whatever because games are stupid anyways, amiright?
Might as well get him some Pappy Van Winkle and do it right.
But why? They got married in a drive through chapel in Vegas.
Posted to the overly critical and condescending to old people subreddit...
People who are tying to get their reward point search count up quickly.
The Court of Appeal won't even consider new evidence like that unless there is a really good reason to supplement the record. First, the company is not the moving party, Pao is. Pao will state what she believes the reversible error is and unless she states argues "there is no evidence, anywhere, that says I'm a bad person to work with and not good at my job" it won't be an issue. The findings of the jury will simply be taken as they are and given great deference.
I think my favorite is the nxt episode where he had to make a heelish retreat from the ring but still went out of his way to stomp O'Reilly who was down outside the ring.
Aliens (Alien 3 as a doctor)
Sure, it is impressive, but he took on all those looks for different movies. If you want to be truly impressed by the power of tranformation in a single film, [you need a master of disguise](http://www.mbc.net/.imaging/stk/mbc/photo-mod4/media/Photos/Grid/2013/june/04/THE-MASTER-OF-DISGUISE_1024/original/1b0ab28978c362bdf699e999d5df66d4028bf784/THE-MASTER-OF-DISGUISE_1024.jpg).
Clearly this is the same thing as blaming earthquakes on nudity.
You are "entitled" to nothing based on what you created, but we are entitled to universal income by cause of what?
I hear it is an easy way to up gamerscore if you care about that sort of thing.
I was at that game. My first thought on the opening touchdown was "too fast". It was a hot day and they kept our defense on the field longer and I think it contributed. At the very least, it should have been a competitive game, but by the second half it was a complete lay down.
I'd be willing to bet that Mora will keep it open as long as possible. He isn't going to give away scouting information for nothing even if most fans are correct in their prediction of Rosen starting.
Yeah, but when you are a giant, the sky isn't that much further to go up.
Punk's decision to join made sense if they followed up on it. He is a guy who wants revenge on Orton for the punt that cost him his title (in a stunning display of memory by the WWE). He was also a guy who relied on having people around him. It could have worked. But instead it was a springboard for a very short program with no real commitment to make it work. Obviously it worked out for Punk in the long run, but was representative of some of the short sighted booking that plagued portions of his tenure.
Cornette likes you... based on the video I don't know if I should congratulate you or not. But I'll go with my gut and say great video Jim got that one dead right.
Who went after the parents? Lawyers aren't doing things ad hoc, they represent somebody in the action. Otherwise, they have no standing to sue.
Write a will, get an executor who understands your wishes. Lawyers don't have the authority to sue unless somebody authorizes them to do it on their behalf. I am an attorney and if I am representing an estate, it actually involves a significant amount of additional time and expense to be able to bring the case and prove up to the court that I have the authority to act on behalf of the decedent.
The same can be said of many motorists, the only difference is that they are operating things that are better at hurting others than getting hurt themselves.
Instructions unclear, applied rectally. Would not recommend.
If you were a rapper's son, which school should you choose? East coast or West coast? The answer might surprise you.
I don't know, I'm sure ol Rick tried to make it a thing at the hotel bar. Oldest ride, longest line! Woooo.
That one weird trick? Claiming national titles for everything. Not that I would know. My school doesn't even claim anything outside of the NCAA era. So our dubious football title is thankfully ignored.
Also, she is totally threatening me with that baseball bat. I am a victim of her at large threat of physical violence to people who disagree with her.
Great, now Hogan will add to the legend of the slam. Not only did he lift a 900 pound Andre over his head in front of 150,000 at Wrestlemania 3, he ripped a hole in spacetime causing an announcer from the future to come and redo the announcement, brother.
Did Heenan have any clue what was going to happen? Because the line is perfectly in line with his style. Had he known, he would have said something else like "oh, here comes Hogan to steal the glory now that the match is over" or words to that effect.
and nothing of value was lost.
I look forward to the new and exciting ways that Chairman Pao can turn this into a tool for abuse.
Hey now, let's not start setting the bar too high.
Reddit is currently melting down due to maladministration. Fph is simply a convenient target for PR purposes. Being good to people is right. Be a positive example by behavior and promote the good you want to see in the world.
My wife is from Chula Vista too. We should a pool stool party!
Colin cowherd knows what it looks like already, he services a replica of lebrons cock for at least 15 minutes per show.
If you pick the right million year span you are absolutely correct. Consider yourself lucky to be in the one million year period where this sort of thing could even happen.
Why is there a bird in that picture?
When it isn't being mocked it is being ignored. Nobody cares what pol thinks.
The funny thing is that this is an article about how we don't need a Bush v. Clinton race. The Republicans have lined up a field of 10 candidates, almost all of which will trounce Bush in the primaries. The Dems have nothing on their bench except for a joke candidate and Martin O'Malley who is already virtually dead in the water. Every time I hear about the impending blue wave for decades to come, I have to ask, with whom?
30/30 in 2 minuets 51 seconds. Got thrown off by the Bushwackers, kept trying Bushwacker Luke and Bushwacker Butch but getting rejected. Thought I was spelling it wrong.
It isn't the only place that does that is Hooter's.
Oh I know. But the few times that I've gone, it felt so damn uncomfortable. I just needed a restaurant that aired a specific network, I don't need a 20 year old girl pretending to be interested in me.
The Constitution is the law that defines government, not people. It states the role and limitations of government and if you take the time to read Marbury vs Madison you will understand what judicial oversight permits. With the sole exception of treason, the Constitution does not deal with crimes for citizens.
That is the worst possible advice. Combining the embarrassment of having a serious issue pointed out with the mystery of wondering which friend thinks this of you.
Technically true. I don't know what else to call it because I have never seen a witness try to get the court's attention like this. But keep in mind, that the part that matters about it being ex parte is that you are acting without everyone else's knowledge and/or input. If I want an ex parte hearing on something, I still need to file with the Court, provide notice, show why it should be heard ex parte and also seek an order shortening time and that's as an attorney, usually on a trivial matter. Courts don't like leaving people out of the loop. So, getting past all of the other considerations, consider it a quasi ex party action.
I practice in California and Texas. I have called the California bar hotline at least 4 times. They have always been prompt and helpful. Worse case scenario, they can shrug their shoulders and say "I got nothing" in a completely safe environment. Going in front of the court, if it is permitted at all, can create issues. Not the least of which is pissing off a judge because somebody misread the situation and wasted judicial resources (something sadly lacking in a state that can't get a case to trial inside 2 years for even the simplest matters).
So true. They are so beyond brigading that they have banned NP links. http://np.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/39nwjh/meta_submitting_np_links_to_srs_is_now_banned/ They are just that pure.
It's a genuine "shemale"
Do people who mock quiche even know what it is? I mean we are talking about eggs and often bacon. Seems pretty good to me.
Well everybody, it's in that guy's opinion illegal. We can shut it down now.
Citizens United wanted to air a pay per view critical of Hillary Clinton. She wanted to shut down the content of that speech regardless of the composition of its publisher. If it was one really rich person, or 100 friends who pooled their money, what is the difference? Her target was the content of the speech because it was critical of her record. People who oppose Citizens United are unwittingly supporting media oligarchs. It gives power to those who can own tv stations over those who wish to rent 30 seconds at a time for advertising.
and that is also why the "Geralt should be wearing heels" comment is complete nonsense. Is the game about horse mounted combat archery? Then the 'historical" reason for men wearing heels in combat doesn't apply.
Why do they call it a pass? You aren't actually passing anything. Wouldn't "season" "access to download specific content" make more sense? Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot that people understand idioms. Carry on.
Here is an advice duck. Don't pretend to speak from authority if you are just relying on a fucking reddit comment when lives are on the line. You fucking fuck. Having been actually involved in train derailments from my job as a lawyer, your advice is shit and will put people at risk because, gosh, "I read it on reddit".
They had super imposed her face on another woman's body during the walk.
Looks like we are getting a fullmackintosh Monday. Look for off the charts stupidity as they test how ridiculous they can get while their fawning sycophants continue praising them.
Definitely a work in progress, a target date if holiday 2015 should be a sign of how far they have to go.
I would like an invite as well. Thank you in advance.
Thank you for putting a thread up. GT: Malice
He mad.
Yeah. Am I the only one who is surprised by people who claim to have a thousand bucks to spend on next gen consoles but can't scrape together a few bucks for a month of xbox live?
There is a mega thread for this already.
This E3 is an absolute home run.
Not yet. The list of compatible games is limited at this time to a select few games. It will open up over time.
Can't you go back and buy it on arcade?
If you look at the list more than half of the games are arcade titles.
http://compass.xbox.com/assets/c6/4e/c64e1401-e3ed-4e5a-9810-3d0e94e12e7e.pdf?n=xbox-one-backward-compatability-available-games-june-15.pdf
I thought one of those battle maidens looked rachet.
Manpower costs money.
Fuck you then
Lumberjack matches. They are the only match where the outcome is virtually guaranteed to go a certain way.
Meat masters has good cuts if meet and the family is very helpful. But it isn't some artisan shop in the photos. Not that I mind, I've had nothing but good experiences with them.
Travis Herzog's Facebook made this sound like a class three kill storm. Call it youthful exuberance if you must,but her overreacted.
So to sum up r/games. Stop preordering guys! Just kidding, lets move from preordering to funding games for Sony in a way that is completely irrevocable.
So are you an intern at a local news station?
The real MVP right here.
That's not what it means. It means that the court has not yet had a hearing on the issue, but is signaling to the parties what it intends to rule if the hearing takes place. I'll provide a fuller explanation in a separate comment momentarily. (edit: [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/3a7rdc/judge_tentatively_orders_ellen_pao_to_pay_more/csa94mh))
5 sounds long. I put him in there in 3.
Two options. First, the way outlined by the response of Hammerhead9. The other option is to create a PC Smite account, redeem there and link the two. That way you have skins on both accounts.
Good
Good list. I don't even need to watch the full Connor video to turn into a blubbering mess. The small clip was enough. Having kids really changes you like that.
The defendants will be able to pursue their attorney fees if granted. Pao will be permitted to pursue an appeal but she does not have any basis to get extraordinary relief from the Court in the mean time. So, for now, she can appeal the underlying trial. But I doubt she has much basis to do so. **How long will it take?** It depends, but somewhere between 6 months and a year and a half to have it all resolved, depending on the Court of Appeal's back log and other factors. My most recent California appeal took 6 months but that was on a procedural matter that was handled by written briefs only and no oral argument. **Why do her lawyers keep going?** 1) They want to get paid too. They didn't take the case because they thought it was a joke. Maybe they later found out it was a bad case as it developed, but having been put in that position during the course of discovery myself, you push ahead to see what you can do to salvage it because it is practically impossible to quit your client once you have filed. 2) Appeals are an effective settlement weapon in some states. Pao is probably doesn't have that much money. An order to pay 250,000 in attorney fees is practically unenforceable. So the Plaintiff's attorney says "We filed an appeal, how about you waive those fees or we can wrack up another 100k in attorney fees for you that you will also never see." It's far off the 2.7 million she previously attempted to settle with but it protects her. Now, it may be that she has funds or will have funds in the future but defendants may prefer the certainty of letting this issue go or simply end the cycle of press that this case is generating. 3) It could be determined by the contract Pao signed with her attorney at the start of this ordeal. Depending on the scope of the Power of Attorney agreement, the attorneys may have only signed up to take the case to trial or it could require Appellate representation. Even if it didn't, bringing in another firm might create some later fee splitting issues if they ever figured out a way to earn a fee on this case. 4) Even if it didn't,it might be in their interest to handle the appeal to avoid malpractice claims. Another firm might find errors in how they brought the case. **Will they find out that Pao is bankrupt?** Pao hasn't filed for bankruptcy. So she is simply a poor target for enforcement. The Defendants will get to pursue their fees. Normal enforcement of a judgment is fairly straightforward. Usually, somebody cuts a check and some paperwork is filed with the court to show the judgment has been satisfied. If they don't have the money, or claim not to, you can perform debtor's examinations, which is essentially an in court deposition about the location and value of all of her assets. You can also file a writ of attachment. Those are fun. A party entitled to these fees can literally seize her bank accounts or other things of clear value to satisfy the order. Even if Pao claims she has nothing, the party entitled to these funds can revisit this issue every several months to see if she has made money, acquired new assets, or hidden or transferred existing assets. Given her status as the CEO of Reddit, there will be some money eventually. If the parties don't settle during appeal, there is a good shot that they can see some money if they wish to pursue it. Given the amount, I don't think I'd let it slide, 250,000 is a lot of money, but the enforcement mechanisms are cheap. It would costs next to nothing to continue to pursue this for years if the client so wanted.
No land beyond
The alternative is that Sony funds it. Do you really think they don't have the 2 million? This was a test of the market to see if they can shift cancelable preorders from retailers directly to irrevocable pledges to publishers.
Putting money where their mouth is? That's what market research is for. It's been the way for decades. So don't act like this is anything but a massive sea change in how development costs are handled, shifting the burden to the players. Speaking of "risking" money. Who bears the benefit when that risk pays off? If this game makes a 100 million in profit, do the gamers who invested get a share? Nope. Why will Sony risk on things that can't succeed on a kickstarter? If Sony pitched a game about "a man, a little girl and fungus infected zombies" it very well could fail because they can't pitch the full game to the public. Sony avoids the risk because it didn't pass the kickstarter "test' and we lose out on one of the best games of the last generation. What happens when a game doesn't make massive profits and it wasn't kickstarted? Well, Sony shareholders will start asking why not. More games that aren't on an annual release schedule will have to pass the kickstarter test. Shenmue 3 is a special case in the same way every game is a special case. How many titles would Sony call a special case? Apparently, we will find out because Sony is going to see exactly how far they can push this.
Kinect. I know it is maligned as a gaming device, but if you run your entertainment system through your XB1 it really is a wonderful piece of gear.
&gt; For example, WCW was going against some rough competition and Hogan was not on that episode of Nitro. Moreover, Hogan knew this when he took time off. You'd be surprised how many guys decided to take time off when Monday Night Football started over the years. The smart ones knew how to manipulate these events to their benefit.
One key difference is that the conservative right has mostly moved in from that fight. It's rad fems who want to play the role of censor.
Is that the attitude gg wants of all groups? Judge people on their individual merits. Crecente has always been a pretty reasonable guy. Not perfect, but who among us is? I feel no pity for polygon as a site though. Let it rot.
Wow. That demo is incredible. I really hope I can bend it to my personal political interest, maybe by exploiting a real human tragedy so that excited gamers can feel guilty while I rake in that sweet, sweet patreon cash.
It was a public service, I prefer the sort of BO you can taste in your mouth over the taste of a Subway sandwich.
Stay off r/politics
Not much better? I'd say that the over 100 million dead at the hands of communism is a hell of a lot worse.
Exactly right. It is organ failure or multi organ failure or something else along those lines. Age may be a contributing factor. But it is not a cause of death.
Well I have my main, a tailor mining alt, an herbalist alchemy alt, my pvp rogue, the one where I pretend to be a girl irl and cyber for gold, my mailbox dancing nightelf and a bank alt. So six atm.
Get EA access. Best value for the money. After that, try getting in on the Smite beta, it is practically open beta as far as key access is concerned.
my win rate with rag isn't terrible. I don't know why people would concede. I've seen enough people make mistakes on nef to know he is a single mistake from a outcome changing loss.
It can take months from the time of invite. Expect it to take a while with the current flood of requests.
Now I feel foolish for getting my sex Ed from Bailey Jay.
If zero counts as a kind if chance, yes. Edge is a hall of famer, Christian, for all his greatness, probably doesn't have the company support to put him in. Gangrel is a no.
The original ECW died 14 years ago. Let the damn thing go already.
Resolution should stay the same. I don't see why frame rate couldn't improved if it is uncapped on a specific title.
I'm thinking more in terms of this subreddit. The contrast between the don't preordering campaign and the lets all kickstart Shenmue campaign is jarring. I'm just taking a shot at the people who made an irrevocable preorder.
Listing the rules doesn't make his acts violations. Not even close.
It's like some folks think it is an accident that UCLA had the leading rusher last year and that the run game has massively improved.
It's a damn shame that wider audiences won't see what she can do. She has the talent to single handedly change opinions about women in wrestling. I'll begrudgingly settle for the fact that she will help change minds through the people she trains.
Dude. Read the room. Cm punk may be a hard headed guy, but it is well established that he is. If you can't pick up his intense desire for privacy, you are the jerk.
Well, like all thins Pao, the money will disappear.
Do you know what always works? Asking for a new card for free.
That is great referee work more than anything else. Messi did great. Refs overcame every impulse and swallowed their whistles. Very impressive.
Read Roger Eberts coverage on it, it will really help with the story. I enjoyed the movie but didn't appreciate how obtuse it was. I'm just not the sort who enjoys that sort of film making. That said, it was a masterfully made film.
I really enjoy Smite over all three other games you just mentioned. The games are fun. The format is refreshingly different. Unlockable characters are reasonably priced. People are less toxic than in LoL. It's currently the third most popular MOBA (though it will probably be displaced by HotS thanks to Blizzard's marketshare) so I don't think I"m alone in enjoying it.
How many games have you personally played? I've played 4 titles. They all ran fine. They weren't ME but were completely indistinguishable from the 360 version.
Do you know what happened at the end of the war? Cities were ravaged. The economy of the South was destroyed. The North was punitive in their post war reconstruction period. It was under those conditions that the phrase was first made popular and it continues to be a phrase of continued determination to rise up out of it's poor state and yes, it did entail economic progress, political progress and a desire for self control. But think of it as a gestalt and not a check list of specific items that had to be completed.
1) This is an example of overcharging by the police. Even the initial news coverage stated that they couldn't find alcohol at the scene, which makes a MiP charge unsupportable. Even in bold, these are mostly misdemeanors (zomg Speeding, running a stop sign!) 2) It isn't entirely unusual for cases like this to be reduced to a misdemeanor with probation. Nobody wants to waste judicial resources and jail space to ruin the life of a teenager for a minor screw up, I mean, except people who are bitter that their school didn't get the recruit.
No. Because buzzed driving (which is still a DUI) with the potential for hurting somebody is stupid and wrong, but not as stupid and wrong as actually hitting a woman and breaking her jaw. Stop trying to compare what could have happened with what actually happened. Also, be glad Mixon came back. He screwed up, but his life shouldn't be ruined by the incident. The last year could do some real good for his maturity and development as a human. If he is as talented as people think, he'll need that.
The sub frothed at the mouth because he hit a woman and she was severely injured. There is a fairly wide range of things that people will let slide (theft is commonly on that list) or will end up being subject to jokes. Hitting women isn't one of them.
Utah. Coach Whittingham has made a stealthy contender for best team in the PAC12 South. The California and Arizona schools garner the attention, but Utah's wins are anything but flukes. He has a solid staff and good if unheralded talent. I think they have as good a shot at the division this year as anybody.
That's a good pick. I'm still not sure about how good Shaw is as a coach. He's clearly good. But is he that next level talent people thought he was? This year will go far to answer that.
This wouldn't even escape the pleadings stage with a halfway competent lawyer.
Maybe you should learn to read. I said some games may have issues and that other games were fine.
Apparently our strength and conditioning conditioning crew is good at avoiding murder by rap moguls. That is useful if you live in LA.
Worldstar!
Coach Meat is the last coach you want to cross.
This has to be some of the worst officiating I have ever seen. This is shameful.
Just one kick? She'd be disappointed if I didn't.
Thank you for posting this. But for those who don't follow the click: &gt;This is totally a different situation. She's not asking him to come to her concert, he's asking her to come and take pictures at her concert. She's saying he can, but these are the conditions. Its her concert, why can't she set the conditions? Apple wants to use her work, and not pay her for it. This photographer wants to use her face, and now have her put any conditions on what he does with it. It seems to me that he is much closer to Apple in this than she is. They both want to use her product without any restrictions from her.
He gives noogies and apologized. Those are big changes to me.
I think it goes into the great list of things we will never know or understand. Nancy's death was a tragedy. His son's death was a tragedy. Chris' deterioration was a tragedy in its own right as well. Nobody but Chris knows what was going on in his mind when it happened, but we do know that he felt so strongly after that he killed himself. It would be easy to sit in judgment of this as if we know his mental state. But it might not fully be fair. If you don't want to mourn Chris Benoit, I understand. But even after 8 years, I am still shocked and saddened by that day.
What is his publicist thinking? An admission that Diddy used his warlock powers to unleash a swarm of exploding birds to attack the training staff does not help Diddy. Doesn't this guy have the money to afford a competent lawyer who even knows bird law?
You need a bigger bag, or you might [end up like this guy.](http://cdn1.sbnation.com/imported_assets/1831951/joe-seattlefan_medium.gif)
Wired through a power line adapter
Error code weasel
This isn't helping LA DA. I don't know what the student trainer feels about the situation, but it seems like we are taking an unfortunate incident and turning it into something more than it should be.
It's a big scalp. I'm sure the DA doesn't want to appear to be giving preferential treatment to a celebrity.
Now go watch the league.
Of course you can. Now, you might get in trouble based on how it is presented. But it's not like there is a legal prohibition against it.
Also, it is fairly easy to "find" records if your standards include heaviest, youngest, etc.
I don't get it. Shouldn't Kentucky fan be happy he can marry his true love?
I don't know, he has so much bravery for putting that out there on reddit, I'm sure he can handle the upvotes from his pandering.
He reminds me of Paul Krugman, who has successfully predicted 40 of the last 3 economic recessions.
I went to high school with one of the guys who ended up being one of the better UCLA players of his tenure. I remember what he was like in high school. Great guy, talented, driven, smart (but seldom given credit for that), but very much the 18 (and later) 20 something man he became. We were never close in any sense. But I saw him in classes and on campus and if it weren't for the fact that he could have passed of a marble statue of an ideal physical form, he was a typical guy.
Diddy was told Alosi that he owns Diddy Reese and that he can get free cookies by quoting his favorite Diddy lyric to the cashier. One day, Alosi forgot cash to pay for his half dozen m&amp;m cookies and tried paying with a lyric. His favorite lyric obviously being "Young, black and famous/With money hangin' out the anus" He was humiliated in front of a long line of UCLA students and vowed revenge.
Nice. Those if us with early chances at getting tags were lucky. I'm guessing you get frequent offers for your tag.
I don't know if I'd go that far. A good 40 clove chicken dish involves a ton of caramelized garlic but that is the upper limit of garlic concentration in a dish. Damn, that makes me miss the Stinking Rose in LA. I need to get back there.
Collinsville! My family comes from there. Nice town and I am a bit surprised they could pull of a crowd for a show like that.
Or as Jerry calls it, the expiration date.
Because the two aren't equivalent.
You get downvoted for the "who cares" comment, but the WWE has been booking diva's matches as the recovery period for years. Let's not pretend otherwise.
Exactly. I would love better women's matches. But the price is that they need a different "cool off" match to fill the spot. In a better world, that is the dark match preceding the show being moved to later in the card. But that doesn't look likely in the near future.
Where will we get out dank memes?
It sounds corporate because it doesn't even fit the situation. Vince doesn't know how to handle an unscripted success. He has to try to take it over and control it under his terms, usually making it worse. It reminds me of when Fandangoing was a thing for one week and the response was to have Jerry freaking Lawler come out and try to tell people to dance to the newest viral craze. Not do a video segment. Not to see if fans do it all again on their own to see if it was going to succeed as its own thing. No, actually instruct fans to dance. Only an absolute egotist would thing they could take it, make it their own and not have it rejected.
It's not yours to destroy and if your girlfriend's faith is any indication, she doesn't believe it is hers to destroy either.
You have already expressed that you are dedicated to a lifetime of selfishness
You sound crass. Also, do you really think there is penance when you plan on being false like this?
You are making a mistake if you don't have somebody proofreading your work. Using your eyes twice is never as valuable as using two sets of eyes once.
What if I told you that you are a moron who is trying to stir shit up without meaningful backing?
So let's go ahead and take Andrew Jackson off the 20. That would be the greatest possible purge of a symbol of racism beyond the confederate flag.
Cherry pick apparently. For karma.
"dear suckers, we now realize that asking 60 bucks is too much for a minor benefit, what will you do for 2o bucks? How about 10?"
I was submitter You made an assertion and can't back it, but please feel free to move the goalposts. You can tell me about politics that need to die all you want, but I find that people who do so are too worried about satisfying their totalitarian tendencies to worry about handling simple political debate. The flag isn't fit for the public arena, but it had no meaningful relationship to the attacks. It didn't cause the attack. It didn't contribute. The attack on the flag is an attack of convenience.
Didn't he burn some bridges there too?
That is a charitable in interpretation.
Nice try Linda from HR.
No. Impossible, you are the only one among billions of people. Even major hates it. Especially Major.
I got the factions mixed up. He was with New Nexus for a brief time.
This president didn't have the courage to support gay marriage when running for office. He waited until it was easy and safe. That isn't leadership.
While I think the decision was correct from a Constitutional perspective, the court has punted on secondary issues. The solicitor general argued that a refusal to perform gay marriages may be used to deny tax exempt status. I don't think we are there yet, but this will be an issue brought before the court as a separate question and not just part of dicta.
Dick Cheney managed to publicly say he favored gay marriage long before that. If he could do it, politics isn't an adequate reason.
That isn't even counting potential tag matches playa.
And Bush won Florida. All of the talk about the Supreme Court decision aside (and keeping in mind that the decision was not close one the merits, only the remedy) Bush won all state wide recounts. Gores selective recounting was patently unconstitutional as well.
The recount was unconstitutional as requested. You cannot selectively recount counties based on the profile of the voters. It violates equal protection. The court repeatedly sent that message first in a per curium opinion, second in front of the full Court, then again in Bush v Gore where 7 justices found the practice improper. Gore lost in the statewide recounts, even those performed by the press after the fact.
It should be noted games with gold will start doing two games a month in July. Also backwards compatibility improves the value because you get 360 games too. But like you said, go with what you prefer, both are great fun.
That isn't accurate either. They are prioritizing and using voting as a consideration. The biggest non technical hurdle will be getting publisher approval.
Emphasis on the wrong word. Models is what matters. There could be multiple models for individual wrestlers who had several gimmicks or looks over the years.
Perkins should be on the list too. He was his division's leading rusher and will return to the same o line as well as a new qb, which means a greater reliance on the running game.
Yup. Leading questions for adverse witnesses are standard.
Margaret Sanger would beg to differ
Yes she was a vile woman. But folks would be surprised how many early pro abortion advocates were really about keeping blacks from having children, long after the decision mentioned by op.
Sasha's rachet.
[Another classic OJ run](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUyWS6j5rS4). Just kidding, you made some good picks. Both are quality USC running backs.
I think the show needs time to establish itself and ramp up before it gets good. So far, it has been fine, but not great.
Good thing too. Vindictive national Democrats are killing NASA in this state after Johnson built it up.
You say "oil and energy" as if they are two distinct things. Oil is energy and it will always be a "massive industry" Even if oil products didn't fuel transportation, which it will for the next 50 years, it still produces necessary products. We will not be leveling the refineries in the ship channel within your lifetime.
&gt;Just when you thought we had the UCLA/Puff Daddy drama in the rear-view, it comes back and bites you in the rear. What a gem, I'm sure glad our author saved that incredible turn of phrase for this story, after all, it is so far in our rear view, it's almost one whole week old as far as the public is concerned. In fairness, that is about 200 times the attention span of a typical sports reporter.
He went over the wall. Diddy's "friends" leaking this story are idiots if they think this garners sympathy to anybody who has even played a single down of football.
Well, given your vast experience of being in a college locker room where one of the players skipped out on practice to attend an NBA all star game, your perspective is valuable. Now, I may have been a scrub high school player, but I watched people catching hell for missing practice or coming late. So I'm not the least bit surprised that a coach would give somebody trouble for missing practice in a high profile fashion.
He also had some pretty good sessions this Spring. I hope he can make something of himself at USF.
Oh, I'm confident in that. But not speaking in absolutes. I have only worked on one Texas crim case and haven't looked up any real details on the rule but this seems like basic day one torts/crim law stuff. I can't believe the attorney who wrote this believes any of her statements to be true. If so, it is really bad news for her clients.
I still don't understand people in the US who insist on bottled water without a special reason (local water supply bad, pipes bad, etc.) It's just so wasteful and isn't inherently better in any meaningful way in most cases.
Yeltsin is the one who was overwhelmed by an American supermarket when on a goodwill tour through the US. It's an interesting story and historically significant because of how severely it impacted him. http://blog.chron.com/thetexican/2014/04/when-boris-yeltsin-went-grocery-shopping-in-clear-lake/
We also do that local assistance thing as well. I think that is often ignored. I can't think of a church that I haven't visited or attended that won't provide some sort of support for the needy without any strings attached and there are many charities that do the same. I am far more proud of our commitment to assistance through private means.
No worries. I just wanted to share the story, it is somewhat interesting and rather unknown.
I want to survive the experience. I'm afraid that with Maria I might sublimate to a new form of matter and disappear from the material plane.
That's her college education talking. The less enlighten call dolls they don't like icky or yucky, granted most of them are five year old girls that don't make their living being outraged over dolls and games.
Okay.
You scratch? The pinch and roll is far superior.
That's four guys over the course of several years, that isn't getting around. That's a normal healthy dating life.
According to an email from my grandma, it means "Beazulbub above everything" and is a standard greeting among young Satanists.
Where are the idiot dui attorney and the bad cop no donut poster child from a few days ago to defend this?
A real life example of Chris Rock's when keeping it real goes wrong. edit. Not that I care about the downvotes, but seriously? Which are you more butthurt over? That a player punched a cop and I made a joke or that I forgot which comic did a stupid bit? At least have the balls to comment on this weighty matter so I can mock you appropriately.
Thanks for the correction. [I guess I had another comedy bit in mind](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcRisFC9ab4)
Yes, frozen. Not everything in the world revolves around you and your interests.
Thanks for the tip. I have only been to NRG for soccer and it was a madhouse, the heavy reliance on rail makes a lot of sense here.
You wouldn't know what happened by the front page of ESPN.com they apparently don't cover sports very well. On the bright side, 2016 is another banner year of being part of the coveted .go.com network.
Trump is more middle America than Sanders and most redditors don't get that. Sure, I hate his rhetoric and the falseness behind it, but he is a populist who would have been a solid democrat 20 years ago and still draws far more Democratic votes than people are willing to believe. Trump is a bit like Bill O'Reilly or Shepard Smith, he appeals to the right by outward appearances, but actually has his strongest draw by being a radical centrist.
Meh, it's all a mute point.
What? He posted two better seasons and one with a top ten ranking.
Think of it as an anachronistic people of Walmart. There are those that have them because they have a touch of oikophobia, others see a bit of themselves in it.
Yeah, lets go fund a company that does PS exclusives and fucks up their crowdfunded games! /s
But but but, she washed dishes at school! Which sounds like more of one of those slice of life activities that schools offer every child, not an actual job. The fact that she treats that poverty tourism like an actual job is obnoxious.
Ok.
Ok.
That's exactly how the Rotherham sex abuse ring managed to balloon to thousands of victims. Too many cowards refusing to step forward when it was easier to look away.
and a good place for a stabbing. Or a good old fashioned Louisiana Hold Up, tell the person to reach for the sky, shoot them, and then take their wallet. I love most of the people of that state (except for the criminals and the cops, but I repeat myself) it really is a wonderful place to visit. But the parts that are bad are insanely bad. At least the parts that are awesome are inanely awesome. I makes for a small consolation at least.
No catch. At 5 bucks for a month, it is worth subsribing that long to try it out before buying a year. The service is really great if you like even a few of the games on offer. Personally, it has saved me from a few bad purchases (Star Wars Battlefront turned out to not be my cup of tea) encouraged a few buys (Dragon Age, NHL) and introduced me to a few breakout surprises (Plants vs Zombies GW) I can't promise you the same experience, but I have been very happy with it so far.
What did you expect? This plays on reddit's "America so dumb" sentiments and its "Trump is Hitler" sentiments. This will bring out the nuts from the for and against camps. Frankly, if I could disqualify anybody who comments here from voting in November it would provide a small comfort, except I realize that it would probably only knock out a dozen actual American voters.
There is also a trigger when you should know or be on inquiry notice. The law doesn't like when people sit on claims becuase of laziness or professed ignorance.
I think the rabbi just needs to informed about the no stabbing code of conduct, for next time of course. Let this one slide.
I'd be surprised if he gets drafted because he is still a kicker. This will be a good year to judge the full effect of the NFL PAT rule change. As for improving stock, Fairbairn's stock shot up this year. But in most cases, it is far easier to go down.
Change nothing about the card. Just use the actresses from the Wrestling isn't Wrestling video.
I'm quoting you to all future recruits
Ours is one of the biggest film schools in the country and helped produce the video that faked the moon landing.
Hail to the Chief. President Barack Obama comes out as the 2nd entrant and the Secret Service beats up every subsequent entrant before they enter the ring.
Well, we are on the Road to Wrestlemania, time for the triumphant return of Trump. It's going to be huge.
He would eliminate himself, because reasons. Money, politics, fear of being accused of a hate crime for hitting a black man, etc.
Exactly. It's not as if the book was unavailable before now. But we need to keep pushing that narrative that people who oppose the refugee influx are dangerous, Nazi types, or even worse Republicans.
Maybe they can help build the soccer complex.
So if you are a Catholic I guess that means that Jesus was on the moon.
He's officially with the Aggies, so is his son. Welcome to the N-zone, it has a high floor but a low ceiling.
651 738
Glad you guys found something to do with the week off.
Yeah, shame that single hand was attached to his throwing arm. Every single throw was out of place or poorly timed. Hope the front office finally realizes that a new qb is mandatory next draft.
Drink prices at the concession stand?
Bill O'Brien is the gm? Becuase if your point is that he managed to take a shit show of qb play and turn it into a division winning team, it is well taken. But I'd you are blaming him for the draft, no, that's stupid.
And you'll have millions of lesser prizes
But but they deny science! Like they totally deny all science exists because they disagree with some conclusions about science! Don't you know liking science and agreeing with it makes you smart and good? Science! There is a reason why "science!" is the "current year" of the right. It mostly has to do with the idiocy we see in this thread.
Ah yes, smears and guilt by association, sounds like something straight out of the antiGG playbook.
Have you seen the Oscars ratings? Terrible. Plus, they keep making the show longer which makes it only worse. They keep pushing the same established stars every year too. Also, they never let the black guys come out on top.
Our polynesian recruiting game is going to be strong.
If they aren't dead yet, they'll wish they were.
If you go to the sub, you will see other equally pitiful attempts, such as saying that Breitbart reviewed a book by a former Breitbart editor without "adequate disclosure" which means whatever this person wants it to mean apparently, because the authors ties to Breitbart are discussed in the heart of the review.
Not shocking because Andrew breitbart helped found huffpo.
Well, gawker is going to shit and the election season is heating up. So that makes sense.
Send it to tumblrinaction. It would fit better there
Yeah, Breitbart loved him some of Ace's morons, deservedly so considering that they are generally a pretty genial, snarky and occasionally smart group. But I don't know what Breitbart would think of Trump other than enjoying the showman ship of it.
I'm expecting more plays under center and real te play. If that happens, I expect good things.
Which means other factors are at play.
He's already a demi-lich, lord help us all if he gets cybernetic implants.
You know I was directly referencing that exact moment when I mentioned McCain right? [Because most people ignore that he first made a joke and then made it clear that his plan merely kept the military option on the table](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/04/19/AR2007041900962.html) (which is to say, he politely shot down the question from the person in the audience by deflecting his call for an attack on Iran with a joke): &gt;After his joke, McCain turned serious and said that he agrees with President Bush that the United States must protect Israel from Iran and work to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. McCain has long said the military option should not be taken off the table but that it should be used only as a last resort. As for being representative of Republican leadership, I think he has at times be representative of GOP leadership. Less now, but you can't be the party's nominee and among the most influential senators without being called part of the leadership.
If only people thought of our debt in the same terms.
I know winning fixes all. But Tennessee? I'd be surprised if that happened. A CFB head coaching position, sure. But an NFL job in TN of all places beggars belief.
Games that have a core online only component do not require gold iirc. Examples include TES and Destiny. They may cut certain features such as party options, but access to the game itself remains
If you subscribe, play plants vs zombies garden warfare. That was a gem of a game that was overlooked by most
Criminals, they are fine with. But vigilantes are a challenge to the power of the state and we can't have that.
Nice straw man. I don't need a source because that is not my argument. Do you have a source indicating that the absolute number of crimes would be lower absent the influx of refugees and "immigrants"? Of course not, because that is completely unsupportable.
You have no disagreement with me there. I don't approve of vigilantism. The fact is, once you get beyond the neighborhood watch level, you have a bunch of people who are generally unfit to go enforce the law either due to lack of training or lack of judgment. That's why the police are supposed to do a better job, so regular people don't engage in self help. The worse the job they do, the more people will do it or look on approvingly if others attempt to "fix" things.
I don't like to complain about officiating, but damn that game was a complete mess. There were so many holds on that last drive. I have a lot of respect for the WSU QB for playing that game, but he should have been in concussion protocol.
Even better, you get to be called a hero for fighting racism! Which is great because you get to define who is racist (protip, it can be anybody who disagrees with you)
Hell, panda bears aren't even real pandas. The name came from Red Pandas, which they aren't even closely related to. We should call them something else, you know, to be more correct.
The Oscars love black people, but there is a hierarchy. Movies about Hollywood vs. Anti-communists (Trumbo) &gt; Movies about Hollywood in General (The Artist, Argo) &gt;Movies about actors(Birdman) &gt; Movies about race (Crash, 12 years a Slave) &gt; Movies where america is the bad guy (unless the leader is a Democrat) (Full Metal Jacket, Apocalypse Now, The Hurt Locker) &gt; Brave Womyn (Million Dollar Baby) &gt; Biopics &gt; movies where people have to gain or lose weight for a role. Note that historically, only one of those winners caused an on stage orgasm for a winner (Julia "I love my life" Roberts) and it was for a race category. Hollywood loves nominating and voting for the issue, they just love themselves even more. Note that, about 100 spots down you will find comedies despite the fact that great ones are way more difficult from a technical perspective, because Hollywood is so far up its own ass to not be able to enjoy a good joke.
C u r r e n t y e a r u r r e n t y e a r
A lot of speculation on the UCLA boards is that this is a contract ploy by Kiffin. He and Mora share the same agent and he has a habit of pulling stunts like this. Without getting into the paid content, nobody has any source showing this story to be legitimate as reported.
That's not true, his stupid statements just get buried or ignored. Like the time he said he didn't speak Austrian or giving a speech about the military at a prayer breakfast and referring to corpsmen as "corpse men". Comics would have feasted on that for days on anybody but Obama saying those things.
It's painfully unfunny.
Illegal content in many states. Please don't post this shit.
Illegal in most states to do. The law about it is funny because of the way it developed over time (in the colony states, it was a crime against nature or buggery) the further west you go, the less likely it was to be a crime, or, if it was, it was a crime against the person (exploitation of women or minors) or the animal. Many states didn't have a law on the books out of lack of necessity. But without access to my research on the subject, I still seem to recall many states had a ban on transmission or possession.
Like I said earlier, a story like this (with zero sources from a program outsider at espn) is either a) a contract ploy by Kiffin and his agent or b) a bit of recruiting nonsense to puff up Kiffin, or c) ESPN being its classic full of shit self.
Can't fault anybody for wanting to live full time in Manhattan Beach. With an OC salary, its almost affordable.
Except nobody who has followed this process closely believes this story as presented. KP was always in the mix and there is no way in hell he'd be working with Kiffin again.
I have two. A 1.5 quart and 6 quart. The 1.5 quart works fine for a great majority of recipes. But anything that involves bulk or long items become a problem. A long hambone won't fit in the 1.5 for a split pea soup. Completely immersing certain cuts of meat will also be a problem. But other than that, I was able to get by for 10 years on a 1.5 quart without much complaint. Larger sizes are fine, but I think they cause me to create portions that are too large in order to fill the water line high enough to cover the meats the way I like.
Except it comes from people who actually work close to the program and are generally viewed as reputable within the UCLA. I'll take the BRO people over ESPN on any report on UCLA football any day of the week. Going to the paid boards, you'd see a bit more background, but custom dictates that it is inappropriate to share.
Because we don't arrest people for thought crime in the US.
That's to say nothing of spending on the state level for social welfare or on the private level.
Nice people, diverse places to visit, affordable to own a home in a nice city, lots of great history, great restaurants in the major metroplexes, the Alamo Draft house being king of all theater experiences, and no dragon attacks in over three hundred years.
Did they open the Vault yet? Fuck it, put me back down.
Just lame
Good riddance
This sounds sketchy as hell.
You want to show me where it is a crime? Or do you just want to arrest people who say things you don't like?
Normally, you can challenge a separation violation using taxpayer standing (the only example where tax payer standing exists in Con Law). If the stickers were donated and there is no cost, I don't know if people have any standing to bring suit.
So in the face of WalMart closing hundreds of stores and laying off over 10,000 people, they decide not to open stores in an area that massively underperformed their expectations. How are they the bad guy in this? Would it be better to open those stores and then shut them down?
Or anything close in kind to what Maduro is doing.
Favorite on the original Xbox was Halo.
"Hey guys, I'm a spoiled asshole who hates the thing you like, any friendly advice for me? Thanks in advance fucktards."
But he's so sophisticated, he plays outside of the box games and doesn't care that much about graphics. But not so sophisticated that he can't call playing a game gay.
This is the same methodology that would tell us that the last two presidential elections would result in a Ron Paul presidency. Without adequate screening or controls for population. This data is unreliable.
If you can't discern the signal to noise ratio, I don't know how it isn't useless. While I am sure there are true stories in there, I can't say which and therefore can't give appropriate weight to it, or any other story.
Angie by the Stones, best break up song ever.
So what you are saying is that Bernie is the least known candidate? Wow that's something to brag about.
They also ignore how most of those people have generated so much wealth for others.
It miss the days of the bawdy 80's sex comedy. Though I have to admit that revenge of the nerds had a straight up rape by deception.
No, it was never anything to brag about. You are comparing the search priority of one of the most well known people in the country with this year's Ron Paul. Of course that generates a few searches, but that doesn't correlate to anything significant on its own.
1) You can't reach out to the judge/court to get this thing dropped. You will need to file an answer, or 2) Remove to Federal Court! This question sounds in Federal law and thus will get an extra fun brand of judicial scrutiny. The Federal bench is much less plaintiff friendly. 3) You almost certainly need a lawyer. Sorry, this will cost money. Maybe your homeowner's insurance covers it if you have it. Find out. 4) The complaint itself. I'm going to assume this is a 17200 claim under the unfair business practices act. About 14 years ago, this was the bread and butter of legal scam artists (look up the Trevor Law group for the prototype). The law basically treats statutory violations as violations of consumer rights with all sorts of nasty consequences. The law was subsequently amended to involve actual injury. But this is the sort of thing where you need somebody with experience to delve into the details of the suit. 17200 claims are much more difficult to bring, but not impossible. Pleading 25,000 in damages takes this out of small claims (intentionally, btw) where you would have had a better chance to escape. The ultimate takeaway is that regardless of how you see the case, you need to take all precautions. You have defenses and weapons at your disposal, but need to consult with an attorney (not /r/legaladvice and I am not your attorney) as the first prudential steps before you proceed.
Well, Martin O'Malley has a stillborn campaign. He's included in the list to make it sound as if there is legitimately somebody else to compare to.
Add this to the ever growing list of things redditors will insist doesn't happen on a college campus because being anti sjw and pc is really just white people wanting to say the n-word without getting in trouble.
Tax dollars have been used for that for decades.
Yeah, I still can't read his "letter from a Birmingham five star resort" without thinking, he's not down with the cause.
You have evidence of this? Or do you just like running your fool mouth?
Story was complete bs. The vote was decided by the counsel for other reasons.
By several he means one
If only starfish were a better food source.
There is a Nick cage movie about this iirc.
Word of advice, he never lets you get to four taps. Unless... "What's that? Is that two taps twice? Don't worry, I got my special teams coach here to lend a hand!"
Great post. It reminds me when Daniel Bryan introduced his impact finish and it was absolutely ruined by the camera work (for me). Here, you have this guy who physically throws his body at his opponent for a hard knee to the head and we see the run, the jump ... and a cut so that we can't see the impact. This is why I am a bit worried about the King of Strong Style in the WWE. If we don't see the hits, he doesn't look strong. Nobody looks strong because they throw a punch, they look strong because they land it, we see the impact and we see the physical reaction all at once. Your post does a great job of explaining why.
Because she is treated as an authority figure on the subject of GG (either as a victim, or some sort of "expert"). In either case, her credentials and her credibility can, under certain circumstances be at issue.
MSNBC? Sorry, you don't get to make fun of any politics when your best guy gets "tingles" up his leg over hearing Obama speak. Also, I don't masturbate to anime. I hump an anime pillow like a normal person does.
I would like to be a dick but it is rather how sad how far he fell. He wrote one of the smarter political books of my time and was once a more reasonable fellow. Now he is a sad characature. Consider it a warning for us all.
It's news so worth sharing, but I'm trying not to be a dick about it. That's why I went with the text post for no karma. UCLA fans would have welcomed him with open arms on signing day if we could have, so I'm definitely not getting on my high horse about it.
Knowing Matthews politics and habits, I find that assertion questionable. He coped to voting for Bush at least once. That's such a weasel phrase that I'd be willing to wager that he voted for Bush in an open primary where his vote means nothing. That way he can claim that he votes for both parties. It's like Michael Moore joining the NRA, complete window dressing. Chris Matthews is a Tip O'Neil/Carter guy and very partisan. I find it very hard to believe he'd ever seriously vote for Bush of all people.
&gt;Strangers have picketed outside his coffee shop, calling for his castration. Wow. That's a little bit psychotic.
I see these stories and just feel so sad. These are young men blessed with an opportunity to attend a great school like SC, have incredible life experiences, and even if they don't make the NFL, get set up for a good start in life if they play their cards right. He misses all this and faces years of jail over something so foolish. Hopefully he can turn it around, it's not too late to start making good decisions.
&gt; Downtown Julie Brown I was all about the other [Julie Brown](http://www.agentlover.com/blog/wp-content/uploads//2011/10/jj19.jpg) ([blonde varient](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/9f/dd/06/9fdd06d18f1ca58fbe82778eea330ab1.jpg))
Not shocking in the least. I think anybody could be as famous as him if they are willing to be that false of a person. Most people just don't have the stomach to be living shitstain personas and understand that choosing to pretend to be an ass is essentially the same thing as being an ass.
Which school gets to claim Chris Clark?
I really miss infection.
Yes, as in, I want it transparent that you donate to the people I like and nobody else. Tameny Hall has nothing on our modern politics.
This article is bad and op should feel bad.
plus free Witcher 2 and a few good titles in this group.
Two months ago they told you it would happen, not that you would get it two months ago. There is a difference. It looks like Microsoft and the various publishers were staggering releases so there would still be stuff to look forward to and specific titles to anticipate. Hopefully this recent change speeds up the process.
Until realty Feb! People are so hung up on this release list that they missed nearly every important detail. I know this is a past gwg, but if you have missed it before, it is a great offer.
It's making fun of the way a certain announcer pronounced Michael Cole's name during the show.
It's called favorites on many DVRs and you get it for free.
meaning 44 percent of users think it's worth 8 bucks a month extra for ESPN. Show me any other network with that level of support.
Ask anybody who took a shot from the honkey tonkan. Mick Foley talks about it in his first book
Also Clinton gets indicted. GOP too busy throwing a party to remember to vote. Biden or Sanders wins presidency.
Guy is scum and deserves it. Not world news material
Bank error I. My favor collected 25 dollars. It was in monopoly.
Glad somebody brought this up already. Gravity knife rules are a big deal in New York and subject to a great deal of police abuse. Do not screw around, see an attorney who knows that area of the law.
Well, then, he'd probably have smartened up a lot faster then. Even if that means that he simply knows that he is being booked, instead of being subtly tricked into a charge and possibly a year in jail by a cop with a questionable sense of justice. That's to say nothing of any other additional charges that he may accidentally get tacked on during conversation with this "nice" guy.
That isn't SJW, that is just stupid.
Suuure they were. Just like Ashley Madison was going to be the apocalypse.
Yeah, calling it prostitution is too vague and too kind. These were slavers and pedophile enablers. Life in jail is too good.
But remember reddit, "PC culture" is really just white people who want to call women whores and black people the n-word ( or at least reddit tries to tell me so over and over again). It's certainly not a pervasive system of censorship and abuse of systems to injure people who don't follow the party line. I mean, what is unfair about levying false pedophelia charges and criminal charges against somebody who is so pro patriarchy?
The process is always part of the punishment. He's out 100k. She gets a new platform for her victimhood. It's ridiculous.
Banned!
Considering that David Axelrod simply recycled a prior campaign slogan "Together, we can", I'm guessing that this person doesn't even know the history of the slogan enough to come up with a halfway decent lie.
[Also one of the all time great Flair promos.](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x18saw9_1992-royal-rumble-ric-flair-victory-speech_sport)
This is causing me to produce male tears
Somehow Reddit will find a way to make this a Republican only problem.
Well, it's not like we tell her we are from Reddit. We just give her the five dollars and get to business.
There is also a fictional account as well. It's called House of 1,000 corpses.
The pledge is to the republic, the flag is simply a physical representation of it.
I just don't like her style. I typically like women doing standup, but her routine genuinely doesn't make me laugh. Even when she is doing the bits she stole from actual funny comediennes.
She helps him immensely in Iowa. After that, it won't matter, people will forget the endorsement. She might raise a fuss. He'll call her a moron and get a huge positive rub from people who a) want him to repudiate her or b) just don't like her.
Great, now we have to hear about SEC light speed.
He's paid just as much of a price because he is massively overweight.
Yet, people keep insisting an insecure homebrew server is a totally acceptable idea for a secretary of state.
Thanks for putting in a word for port. A reasonably priced port and some the dark chocolate truffles from Trader Joe's is a great basic pairing. Both stand out well on their own, but they are so much better together.
It's not that they think advocating for the rights of half the population is a bad thing, they just think MRAs picked the wrong half.
and then they made ridiculous saves mandatory every rumble until it stopped being special. Then they did it some more.
Exactly. Hillary did not exist in a vacuum in the State Department. People were emailing her, she was emailing back. There could be dozens of people who were involved in minor infractions and everybody is in CYA mode.
Seventh is the most important. Why would anybody kill the goose that laid the golden egg? She was an ongoing source of information. Even worse, it means that if there was some real embarrassing (or criminal) dirt on Hillary in those emails, she is compromised beyond repair. What don't you think she would give to a foreign government to stay out of jail? Who is foolish enough to trust her with the Presidency to risk finding out the answer?
&gt;ignorant of the laws I used to work in an office that did medical field related law. We'd help doctors some of those doctors with their contracts to become members of medical groups and or the terms of their hospital privileges. Almost all of them had some sort of unenforceable non compete clause or something that was there but was not legally enforceable.
Carefull, say something they perceive to be mean about Hillary, Sanders, or their cult and they will go through your comment history to downvote everything you've said this week.
The one that belongs to the man behind 1 and 0, Mr. Wrestlemania, Michael Cole.
You did not enter into the contract. As a minor you do not have the capacity to enter the contract. If you had to, you could beat this in small claims court. Note that your parents might get in trouble, what they did is fraud. And Comcast would have a cause of action against them and they could be exposed to criminal charges.
I am a firm believer that WWE events should not be shown fully live. There should be a 5 to 10 minute delay so that they can actually produce these things and avoid bad camera transitions like this one. I think it's possible, but would involve more work/expense. The number of missed/poorly timed shots during events is simply too high.
Same goes for any woman who has a c section. The abdominal wall never fully recovers from that.
Spoilers, for fuck's sake.
&gt; in reality it isn't that bad It's bad. It could be worse and that is what a lot of people are trying to prevent.
http://i.imgur.com/vB9B5.gif
Takes over the Perkins spot and a new offense that should highlight his skill set. Good pick.
Yeah, I don't see how this is a bad thing.
You can buy up to the entry level of the current content. In the current expansion the content is for levels 90 - 100. You can level to 90 and experience current content. I don't think that qualifies. Also, if you bought the expansion early everybody got one character boost, so people were essentially on equal footing.
Same deal though. It's the preorder for the next expansion that you are buying there. This expansion is basically tapped out, no more new content, most raiding guilds are on hiatus or are wrapping up and almost certainly don't care about the boost.
Expansion pack 2016: more menus and loafing screens. People love the simple and quick 7 steps to fast play system : menu loading screen of 2 minute character logon, show up in ship, travel to tower, collect pvp quest, travel back to ship, queue up for pvp and get another loading screen but we are afraid it has people too immersed in our loading screen ecosystem, so we have decided to add another quest giver on a random planet to encourage people to explore. The location changes every day and to encourage extra exploitation, the quest disappears when you log out or are disconnected. Be sure to visit every day to collect these most lucrative quests, featuring a strange coin quest reward, or if you are lucky, two.
Incitement is pretty much dead letter law. The supreme Court has not had a reason to review it lately but dicta has indicated that it is unconstitutional.
The writing has been bad for a while, not because of the politics, but the pacing and format have gone downhill in order to showcase the art and focus on big moments. Looking back at older comics, it really stands out how there were more panels per page and more dialogue. It leads to better storytelling and more nuance. Now writers speak in shorthand and produce glib, trite material like this.
The grey zone is intentional, they want people to be afraid that they may be in the zone of criminality for perfectly legal statements and acts to silence dissent and create the false appearance of consensus on an important issue.
I'd make fun of Hillary, but scumbag Reddit will typically downvote me to oblivion for mentioning that she is a pos and that a Republican might be better.
The photo clearly shows he is botting for herbs an ore. Blizz do something!
Guys I have a totally original idea on how to book wrestlemania.... Current fan favorite goes over taker.
It should be banned or relegated to a single day of the week.
She will make an excellent president of her cell block's bridge club.
It reminds me of that classic pansy division Christmas lyric. Liking nipples Licking nuts Putting candy canes up each other's butts
Cross posted to /r/scottsteinerdidthemath
It reminds me of a quote &gt; the dark night of fascism is always descending in the United States and yet lands only in Europe.
Also, he really committed this thought crime, there was no such thing as communists in Hollywood and there certainly isn't a current movie lionizing a Stalinist screenwriter and his Hollywood clique that is getting lauded by the press.
Technically, a person could be elected as a convict. The constitutional requirements for office state nothing about criminal status and are considered a whole and complete list of legal qualifications.
It's worth noting that the tree company screwed up too. It's not just the neighbor and they should have insurance.
But it will get upvotes because redditors are. We have a bunch of economic illiterates here.
Greenwald is also a famous sock puppeter who got busted for it years ago, before he was really famous.
Tl Dr version, just because I am voting for a candidate based on their genitals, I assume other people do the same because I lack the intellectual depth to consider that actual political philosophy and policy positions matter too.
As much as I despise Trump we are getting what we deserve and the people who try to act as media and content curators for the unwashed masses deserve it most of all.
Better than koko b Ware bird bird bird bird bird....
It was from an episode based on the show based on psych
It's a benefit, but it's not like it was centrally planned that way
Of course it is sticky and gooey when I watch the eat it. That's my fetish. On a side note, can I eat that and get eucalyptus eating powers?
I lived in Westwood, so I saw OJ Simpson a few times. Chillest murderer I ever met
Same here, but I switched mains a few times, 22 days current, 150 for previous main and, 64 for my first. Not as bad as I feared
I have a little secret for you, Burritos are already an american bastardization of Mexican food. Complaining about "non mexican" ingredients in a burrito is like complaining about non German ingredients being served on top of a frankfurter. Also, potatoes in a burrito aren't exactly new. Using french fries is just a slight variation. Having lived in Houston for 6 years, I still haven't found a burrito that comes near anything served by Lolitas in San Diego or the typical hole in the wall places in LA and Orange County.
That's because we just call it mexican food here. When people copy mexican food hailing from CA, they probably don't even know it. Hence, places copying the Mission Burrito (San Francisco) don't say "cali Mex" even though it is.
We just call it Mexican food here.
I can't support that, they weren't just whistleblowers, they were indiscriminate leakers.
Just Google the local asian massage parlours in that area assume at least one per location and you'll have a rough estimate.
Sexual relationship is an awfully kind phrase for child molestation.
Or just fake, it's not like news outlets don't get caught by hoaxes all the time. Best Korean social network almost guarantees scam.
As in, he found out his was missing and is off to find it.
Look at this thread and there are people seem to think that.
Jeff Bezos owns the WaPo, he hates Thiel who backed Hogan's suit. He is a petty man who was railing against proxy battles and revenge tactics while using his own paper to do his dirty work.
This is an editorial instruction from above. Jeff Bezos commands it.
he might mismanage the country's finances, needlessly inflame racial tensions, undermine the rule of law, confuse and antagonize our allies, and hurt the economy through erratic policies that punish and reward investors based on his political whims. This sounds exactly like a third term for Obama, who has done all of these things.
I didn't say that. The author cited specific concerns which I think he fails to recognize are issues under the current administration as well.
Also, many of us simply care about how we go about addressing the issue. Some cures are ineffective, too expensive or altogether counter productive.
I think it is more accurate to simply say that people are much more likely to over emphasize any attack on their own perceived issues. There isn't a group that, at some point in time, isn't being harmed or attacked. So saying it's just "equality" is slightly unfair. Even white men can be dealt a short hand from time to time. The only differences are that a) people say "hey, you have it so good, stop bitching" and b) those disadvantages are ones that people consider small, even if they may not be to that group. Being overly dismissive of that reality only helps to feed a victim mentality for the more unhinged voices in that group.
&gt; I don't understand why people turned on him You don't? Look, he had every right to leave and I'm glad he's pursuing his happiness. But in case you haven't noticed, CM Punk is a bit of an asshole. Sure, he's talented and fun to watch, but after a while I got tired of his whining and complaining because it seemed to go much further than the normal complaints of a person unhappy with their work/life situation. That doesn't mean I "turned" on him, so much as I got tired of his woe is me routine and the seemingly endless litany of people who want to elevate his decision to leave as something bigger so that they can justify their dissatisfaction of various aspects of the WWE.
My first thought as well. Heavy for what it is, provides no bodily protection, hot as hell because it is thick and doesn't breathe, is easy to grab for throws (because Judo, duh). But hey, it covers up boobs, so it was a toss up between that and a heavy wool sweater.
I'm honestly confused by how USC runs things now. The strong emphasis on getting a "USC guy" is frustrating. Clay Helton is a fine coach but USC can and should do better and be willing to gamble on a hot up and comer like Herman. At this point I am even wondering if this is just part of a general de-emphasis of sports on campus in favor of academics. Time will tell, but USC deserves better out of its leadership, their more devoted fans and supporters are good folks and deserve people who want to lead a proud tradition, instead of just meekly playing caretaker.
Of course it is, as a political matter, Democrats believe they benefit from racial strife. That's why they are so keen on stirring up controversy where none exists or elevating local matters to national ones.
Also of note, more Africans have immigrated to the US between 2000 and 2010 than were brought there as part of the slave trade.
This is actually Jeff Bezos (Amazon) using his newspaper in his proxy war with Thiel.
Toilet paper rolls, specifically whether or not to put them on overhand or just let boosters lick you clean.
Try mosquito dunks if you can't drain. I just discovered these things and it has made a huge difference in the mosquito population at my house. I assume many redditors may not have heard of these and highly recommend them.
Seconding Huynh, their fried rice dishes are the best in their class and a personal favorite. But they are good at pretty much anything they offer.
FYI: moot not mute.
I'm undefeated against HHH too.
Thank you for doing this.
&gt; "Rape by deception" covers you claiming to be someone else. The difference is "fraud in the factum" vs. "fraud in the inducement". The laws sees a difference between you sneaking into a martial bed a night and pretending to be someones spouse and "I wouldn't have slept with you if I knew you were poor".
I say grow that shit like a jungle Give them something strong to hold on to Let it fly in the open wind If it gets to bushy you can trim
I have the latest details right here (removed), oh and (removed) but most importantly, whatever you do, don't (removed) Isn't it great that we have such a fantastic public service where all this information in the same place, the trashbin. Thanks mods, you guys are (removed)
They are imperious assholes who should be stripped of their position. Seriously, fuck them.
Damn those brigades! Why, it's almost like they cherry picked a non-existent problem.
So much this. But, reddit has its own little oligarchy that has investigated itself and decided that it has shown enough contrition that saying fuck you to its users is forgiven.
Honestly, it needs to happen to every sub from time to time. Mods should serve terms and be term limited out after a single stint of service on that sub. Otherwise, they are more interested in serving their own interest than the subs.
only human shruggy ascii art
Read the article, there is an apparent misunderstanding about what really happened here.
Unsubbed long ago, fuck those idiots.
He's a former blizzard high mucky muck. Talks about a lot of gg issues on his Twitter.
Iirc the first us appearance of Betsy Braddock (his sister and eventually psyloche) start with her blinded by evemts that happened in the UK comics. I have the issue in my stacks somewhere it was a fantastic four annual or something like that.
They would but it would really screw with their ability to play that extra fcs game the fans love so much.
They play a weaker schedule because of it. Let's not pretend otherwise.
So, it was "charity"? Those monsters!
No, no, no. You have to understand, it should be illegal for 20 people to save up money and buy a 30 second spot on CNN shortly before an election, because of "monied interests". But if CNN wanted to run non-stop propaganda before an election, that's a-okay.
Go look at the top comments on kotakus article about the new god of war, one of the top comments is someone saying they unzipping their pants to masturbate to beardy kratos.
This is general vudu credit. I don't really use vudu, but it is great for Disney movies, which unlock across accounts.
Terrorism has such a fuzzy meaning, if you want to apply it broadly, sure. At minimum he is an assassin and a monster.
He can also look up if he has a warrant online. So, no need to be paranoid.
It's like a warm dirty bath. The people are nice, there are fun locations to visit, but the water itself is not so great
Deadpoo
I agree. He is the right guy to carry the title now. But there are some really excellent ideas in here to establish his character in a meaningful way.
&gt; While I understand your frustration with shootings like this and having nothing seemingly done to stop them, it's not that simple. You can be put on the watch list simply by having a neighbor report you. Or you could just have the wrong name. Or just be listed by "mistake". Ted Kennedy was on the no-fly list for example. Plenty of people are included for no good reason because the list is overinclusive in that regard. Oddly enough, if you are the type of person to get investigated, then you have a good shot at being removed if they finish their investigation. The Orlando shooter was on, and then removed from, the No-Fly list. Making this entire meme pointless, because it shows how poor the proposals were for actually stopping the tragedy that unfolded.
&gt; As a matter of fact, you're more likely to drown in your own bathtub or die falling down the stairs than you are to be killed by any type of rifle, mass shooting or not. Or be killed by fists, a blunt object, or knives, or a motor vehicle or many other mundane things.
&gt; I tried to watch the whole video, but the asshole did it again and again. The only thing to be "gained" here is to learn that Pakman remains an asshole to this day. Pretty much. I watched this thinking, hey, this could be a rebuke of specific tactics by the left. Nope, it's "don't be like the evil conservatives" and assumes a priori that all conservative policies and tactics are bad.
My favorite fallout and my favorite soundtrack. I can wander Nevada listening to big iron and heartache by the number all day
This is true Reddit, where name checking libertarianism is enough to overcome a lack of facts to back it up.
She really shocked me with her work, she is such a natural face, but is absolutely killing it as a heel. It's really great to see her excel in both roles.
&gt; Many historians and economists have warned that Brexit was a bad idea for the UK, but people just don't listen to experts for some reason. Experts, especially those of the pundit class, tend to come off as abrasive, insulting, and insist that laypeople are completely incapable of making informed decisions on a subject. They often take one step too far, instead of merely saying "if x, then we will have natural consequence y", they say, "if x, you have fucked everything up and you are idiots, don't do the idiot thing, you moron". The very notion that people should simply do what experts say, rather than follow their own reasoning is simply against the notions of democracy and rubs people the wrong way. As an outsider, I've watched the coverage and couldn't help but notice most of the coverage is the sort that pushes people into the leave camp by virtue of its tone and complete lack of strength in its argument. Go back and watch Last Week Tonight's segment on the Brexit. John Oliver could hardly be any more contemptuous to anybody leaning towards leave. In his telling, there are no good reasons to leave, not a single one (aside from insulting mainland Europeans), but if you support leaving, you are racist, you are foolish or you are being suckered in by the racist and the foolish. While I have no disagreement that the EU was established for good reasons and there are many positive policy outcomes that have resulted, there are still problems with the EU. Britons who voted have a living memory of life before the strong form of the EU that exists today and don't see any of the prognostications of doom and gloom as reasonable. They expect a return to what was before, even if it will be a bit bumpy. Experts or no, it is hard to tell people that they can't live in a world they already know well from personal experience.
Also because some folks keep insisting on painting their opposition as nothing but racists who are terrified of brown people and nothing more. That does plenty to sour joining the side that spends so much time showing sneering contempt for their countrymen.
&gt; Do you guys not understand that the universally accepted academic definition of sexism (and all -isms) is the combination of power and discrimination? No, it isn't. Saying that it is the new standard a) doesn't make it so and b) doesn't have anything to back it up and is merely a fiat claim without any logic to support it.
also, failing to note that there just may be good reasons to leave. According to reddit, 52 percent of Brits voted to leave for reasons ranging from "dunno, just cause" to "raaaacism" and nothing else.
we also have the best pho and Vietnamese food in the US, hands down.
Oh, they say you can wear cow attire, but show up wearing nothing but a cow bell like a real heifer and they throw you out before you can even order.
Stupid people who think they are smart were acting stupid. The Brexit will eventually happen, but it will take a long time. Today's market reaction was foolish and based on emotion.
There is a high level of volatility among the rich, people move in and out of "top" groups relatively often, some never to return.
Well, people wanted Davis out of office and the only prominent Democratic candidate was as despised as the guy folks were booting out.. There was a viable republican alternative in McClintock, but Schwarzenegger took up way too much attention for him to gain momentum.
&gt; because they feel like their future has been decided by older people who won't have to live with the decision. I keep hearing that, but where do they get such a ridiculous impression? As if everyone over 50 will simply vanish come October once they have their way.
No, that's impossible. Journalists would never cherry pick stories to present a false image of what is going on (except faux news of course). They certainly wouldn't run with the notion that an internet petition actually has 3 million signatures against the Brexit without seeing that 4chan was just fucking with them, would they? Well, perhaps that's a bad example. I'm sure that the treatment of a few foreigners is proof that only the pro-brexit people would ever treat someone badly. I mean, it's not like a bunch of hooded anti-Brexit thugs decided to attack a foreign reporter because she came from a conservative publication. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEyBaBEQLM4 oh well, perhaps that is another bad example. But I promise you, this time, the media has it right.
7564
I'd say it's terrible, true. It's still small potatoes compared to the other shit out there in so many sad ways.
That was probably among the worst. A true shoot where one party obviously didn't want to be part of it.
Yeah, but how many NBA players would think "that's a shit question, but I could bed her"?
Still a smaller star than Hardy. Besides, we are talking about two title reigns lasting a total of less than 65 days. Anderson wasn't the face of the company, he was a transitional champion at his peak.
Texas already provides sex education. Contraceptives are free under the ACA and condoms are readily available. The biggest drivers of Texas' child pregnancy come from poor areas and immigrant populations and are driven more by culture, which, the state government is not well positioned to change.
Same thing in LA. I'm not Hispanic but my friends and coworkers were when I was living there. You'd be amazed how much grief they'd get for starting conversations at retail stores in English. More than a few were told they weren't real Mexicans because they didn't speak Spanish. There is a strong need by some people to maintain cultural identity, even if it comes at the expense of being able to interact with society at large.
You must be from a very different part of Texas then. Because the curriculum we have here in the Houston area is on par with anything else in the nation. Also, you are playing to a prejudice a bit. Even in other places you'll find schools discussing the risk associated with sex, on account of the fact that there are actual risks involved in having sex and those risks increase with the number of partners you have and their sexual history. That's what competent sex ed looks like.
123456 overwatch
The "context" per other people is shitting on Texas, you are breaking up the circle jerk. Shame on you.
She has the political influence to add 1 million refugees on her personal whim, I don't know who else does.
If you think she is the good cop, you have missed the last several years
They totally nailed it down with that online petition puffed up by the chans, why not keep running with stupid internet bullshit? Like, for instance, a conspiracy that a website might stop promotion for an event that is over and move to something else. I'm sure there are suckers who will bite. Most of this subreddit for example
Interesting. I didn't know the SC ties. All I know is that Frank Zappa went there
Local unions squeezing on a city before a major event is more common than you realize.
So long as the LA times isn't involved, it will stay civil.
Impressive. Disney really nailed it down. You can even see the basketball court.
Pretty much. The skybuckets are gone and sadly missed. Fantasy land is hardly touched, if at all. Frontierland is the next least impacted, the jungle cruise is still what it was, the midway is the same, the golden horseshoe still does shows. The Swiss Family Robinson house was redone for Tarzan and exists as the sole monument that people remember the film existed. There is a pretty damn good Indiana Jones Ride with branching paths and computer induced variables that change the ride up. There is an Aladdin show that I have been assured the people see. Not assured by people who have seen it, but just the same, it exists. New Orleans Square: You biggest change is Splash Mountain. Great ride for a movie the Disney actively avoids to discuss. Frankly, Brer Rabbit deserves better, I'd say more, but I don't want to hug that tar baby. The Haunted Mansion has been updated. A bit more story and a bit more technically savvy, but it is still the jump scare box you learned to love as a kid. The Country Bear Jamboree is dead, but the Winnie the Pooh ride lives on. Oh, they also totally fucked up the Pirates of the Caribbean to shoehorn Jack Sparrow into it, they probably could have made it organic, but then again, they could have also made any of the sequels anything but complete junk. Tomorrowland: Space Mountain got a Star Wars infiltration with speakers in your seats and in the ride visuals. Star Tours took the Indiana Jones computer randomization of the ride and said "hey, you know what? Fark it, everything is random" the thrills are excellent, but the only thing consistent between getting on the ride and getting off is where you are sitting. Toon town: oh that's all new. If you have kids, it will make their day and vicariously, yours. If you don't, it is very skippable. Matterhorn, they screwed up the seats, no getting sexy time cuddles on the ride. Lame. Haunted House, still a great way to get sexy time cuddles. The submarines, now finding Nemo, still a terrible way to find cuddles and no sea monsters. Lame. Hall of Presidents. Got to third base here, Abe Lincoln is so understanding. Otherwise, untouched.
Some version of that would make sense. Could also see them teasing this out to let the survivor of the New Day/Wyatt Family take on the PTP.
Tongues are even more efficient.
I just can't put much belief into that before he racks up a few wins Same for Titus.
A Baylor fan has a pretty clear shot at TCU from the glass house they are standing in. Fire away.
I know right? How can they insult such the majestic bird that so proudly represents your school. I remember being back at the Rose Bowl, watching your insufferable band and their wacky bird mascot dancing around like it was yesterday...
He deserves the nasty dog farts that are sure to follow.
Can't it be both?
And that's leaving out soso who definitely is qualified to be on that list
The same thing they have been doing for a while, chasing new readers at the expense of existing ones.
Gallows and Lynch are a natural combination
&gt; What does it take to get a "misleading title" tag on this post? Evidence that the judge is Muslim? That usually gets the mods to "clean up" "errors"
Politics (and the Supreme Court) limit his action. It would be like saying "that dude clearly doesn't want a threesome because he never told his wife he wants the hot babysitter to join in". Some things you just don't say because the odds are long and the consequences are too great.
