I'm having this same dilemma. I have an old Getzlaf jersey from 2007 and then a Lovejoy jersey as it is but I want the new jersey we got this season. I wanted to get a Silfverberg but I'm waiting until we re-sign him or something. I thought about getting a Jackman jersey but we only sign him 1 year at a time and I don't want him leaving as soon as I buy it. I REALLY want a Kesler jersey but he's another one I'm not sure about contract wise.
Yeah if he re-signs with us, like another 5 year deal, I'll definitely get his jersey. Hopefully on a sweet new 3rd jersey too.
You must have watched a different series than I did then. A few bounces go our way instead of Chicago's and we sweep them.
Haha I'm glad someone else from here saw them too. I got a picture with both of them. I was beyond stoked! http://i.imgur.com/dwM6S9W.jpg http://i.imgur.com/jCBpXGP.jpg?1 I didn't notice Gabby until I noticed Beauch so it wasn't a total shock factor I guess you could say. He was there with his wife and kid. His wife had a Ducks hoodie on, his son had a Ducks beanie on (he actually took the picture for me) and Gabby, as you can see in the picture, had a Ducks hat and polo on. I told him thanks for a great season and I hoped he could bring the cup back home to Anaheim next season. Providing he's still our coach.. Beauch was sitting 2 rows in front of me and I recognized him right away by his nose. I just went up to him and said "hey I know you're with your son and I don't want to bother you but is there any way I can get a picture with you?". And he was super nice about it and said yeah sure go ahead. I then told him that even though he might be disappointed about how things turned out that I was proud of the guys and thanked him for a great season and how I hope we re-sign him. But then I felt bad because I was the first one to get a picture with him then about 9-10 more people came down and wanted pictures haha. Gabby didn't even know Beauch was there until he walked through the aisle to go up and get something. The look on each others faces was priceless to see. They chatted for a bit too then Gabby and his family left after around the 4th inning. Beauch happened to stay all the way through the 10 innings. http://i.imgur.com/fRD5gbv.jpg
You mean he needs an explanation on HOW he scored the goal? If he has to ask why he needs to score a goal I don't think he understands the game very well.
An original six team with more fans than a 23 year told team who is playing like utter shit right now...not surprised what so ever. It actually happens rather often. I'm a STH for the Ducks and we get outnumbered by opposing teams ALL THE TIME. EDIT: And it's the fucking Wings, so duh.
I will be there my fowl brethren
He's done this 4 times now. 3 of those 4 results in the GWG being scored right after his turnover. I'm sick of this shit. But I guess the bright side was we didn't lose because of him.
He punched Quick in the head seconds before this too. I ALREADY ADORE HIM!
Had Bobby Ryan stayed we'd actually have a real LW to play on the top line with Getzlaf and Perry. Also, I'd REALLY love to have Beauchemin back instead of Stoner or Bieksa.
:( I miss that frenchy. Now we're stuck with that pylon Bieksa.
DOC
Didn't see anything wrong in those clips. In the first clip, he had the puck with Stamkos so obviously he'd be controlling him as the center so that's not position locking. Then he took the faceoff and didn't switch off right away but still chased you to the net. You said he never switched off of center but yet I saw he was using Hedman and chased you most of the time until he saw you just go to the top of the zone and try to cycle in that second clip. Plus, you could have only been going for cross crease all game which made him play a skill zone defense, we don't know. I don't use skill zone unless I play someone who ONLY tries to go for cross creases and I've read on here a lot of people are the same way. Hate it break it to you but you just come off as a dude who got beat and is now pissed about it. EDIT: I see you deleted the second clip showing the fact that he indeed did NOT position lock hahahahaha. So now you're trying to give a guy a bad name by lying because you lost. Ooof.
Perry - Getzlaf - Zetterberg is the best line I've ever used.
Perry - Getzlaf - Benn has also been quite great for me as well.
YEEEE LOVEJOY
I did the same with a real-time all base Ducks team. Got to D1 but could never really compete with my squad. You gotta remember it all comes down to the dude with the controller in his hands 9 out of 10 times and not the players you have. BUT, I will say it was awesome being someone 5-0 or something and looking at their squad to see they were running an all MOV or TOTY team. Good times.
My MOV Kesler is seriously unreal. I've had him on my 2nd or 3rd line and no matter what roster I've used he's been absolutely unstoppable.
You're 66-1-1 with this squad? http://www.huthead.com/16/rosters/create#BbXBbXBa5CcnAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABbkCsiBbwBchBbvBbxBavBdBBdoBcYBdfCt3BbSBcWBamBcNBcPBbXBa51 Are you playing single player against the cpu?
Which is bizarre because he's awful IRL
Nope. Not one bit. We got Kesler in return and he's a way better player. I look at Bonino how I look at Palmieri. I loved them while they were on the team and they were great but they never would have been able to fully reach their potential with their roles on our team. Definitely happy to see him playing so well though.
100% don't care about him. He was essentially useless for us and we even tried him on every line. He couldn't even cut making our PK line which is also kind of a head scratcher. He never fit well with us.
MOV Kesler and MS Cogliano. Also, base Johnson is insanely fast and I think plays faster than his 92.
Well, in my personal experience it's worked EVERY time I've been in there. Whether I'm trying to trade a player or looking for a certain player. I've even had people specifically help me look for a certain player just because they wanted to. Never even asked them either. The trade/sell threads are probably one of the best on this sub hands down.
Might help if you said what your current lineup was.
I use hybrid controls too and I've wondered this too. This same shit has always happened to me where my lines go 1-3-4-2. And my 4th line will also stay out the longest too. It's really odd.
Hate to break it to you but that graph is just for news headlines if I'm not mistaken. So this literally has NOTHING to do with bandwagoning what so ever.
Damn. And then someone gave you a Toews tonight too? How come all the dudes with unbelievably stacked teams alway win these "giveaways"?
&gt; Ever since 1999, each Final has went at least 6 or 7 games except 2007 LOL SORRY OTTAWA
bought some coins off him and he was extremely fast as well as polite. would buy from again!
good luck haha
Not trying to judge but, THAT is the funniest joke you've ever heard? I must have missed something then.
Oh ok I just thought I missed something hidden or what not so I wanted to make sure haha
Too bad you aren't on PS4. There's 3 (185k, 190k and 245k) up of him now with the LPS being 200k. Hornqvist's 91 TOTW has a LPS of 107k on PS4 too so you'd be short haha
Office Space is a classic. He had a million to work with though and not 150k haha
LOL HILLER
Yeah my MOV Kesler with the C on him got out skated by a back skating Clayton Stoner..
It's all good. I didn't want to remain competitive anyway
You act like us Ducks fans don't already know this shit haha. He was our coach before he was ours unfortunately.
Why? He's definitely not worth the 4m a year we're paying him. Sorry.
Wait so where is this game plan at? Never saw one in that awful article...
Heatley was one of the worst card I've ever used. Had him on a line with MOV Perry and MOV Getzlaf at the time too. Such a bummer too because I was excited to use him.
When I get home I'll try and find the TSN and NHL.com articles. They're all a little different but give decent info and examples.
Game 7's at home.
Bought 400k off him. Went quick and easy. Would buy from again.
bought 200k extremely fast from him. would buy from again.
Fowler will get traded before Lindholm does. I LOVE your positive attitude about Lindholm winning a Norris but I think I have a better chance of marrying a Victoria's Secret model.
LOL you're bitching after 2 collections? I did every NHL collection and the highest I got was base Wheeler..
Hate to break it to you but bases of Zetterberg, Nyquist and Kronwall won't add up to Seguin's LPS.
There isn't a SCE of him...
Here's a few I can remember: 10/20/13 vs. Dallas - His first career appearance, came in to relieve Hiller. Sounds dumb or cliche, but after that game I knew he'd be great for us and he was. 1/23/13 @ LA 3/15/13 @ LA 5/3/14 vs. Calgary - Game 2 of the 2nd round and he completely stood on his head. 5/17-21/14 vs. Chicago - Games 1, 2 and 3 of the Western Conference Finals 3/18/15 vs. Boston Then pretty much the entire series against Nashville this year in the opening round. All of those to me are his best games IMO.
Gibson, Saad, Parayko, Matt Murray, RNH, Ghost, Couturier, Drouin, Ekblad, Hamilton, JT Miller, Scheifele and Matthews are the others left on the roster to pick from.
Are we supposed to know who that is or what?
I'll miss him in Anaheim :(
Is she some insane gamer or something?
Yeah those were the only ones that really looked appealing to me. Think I'll do that. Thanks!
MOV Perry.
This is that same douche that got banned on here. All he did was whine and blame everything on "glitches" and how people suck for having a stacked team. Kid is the fucking worst.
&gt; #6 in the world should play #8,987 who has a 20% win ratio. Do you mean SHOULDN'T?
Pretty sure he just has him there because the site hasn't added his 99
I know if you're a player and want your own card you can contact EA but I've never seen a legend one before.
Why don't you actually read what you get in the description? It's pretty clear cut..
Dude I totally feel you on the spawns. They are absolutely awful. Especially when I'm playing on Endor.
For a while I thought it was +/- 3 from your division but after playing a while I've found that I think it comes down to how many stars your team is.
Yes in the PS store it does. But here's a different link http://www.gottabemobile.com/2016/03/02/star-wars-battlefront-ultimate-upgrade-pack-5-things-to-know/
I never even got to use Dengar to experience the said 1 hitta quitta
He's not.
POTG Fowler and HFC Andersen.
Yeah if he wanted $2m a year we'd for sure be in on him rofl
So, technically no. I already knew how to select a certain mode in the playlist but I wanted to know if you could actually stay in said mode rather than having to quit every time and rejoin a WA.
Yeah that's what I thought. Damn. Thanks!
Pretty sure they'll protect Manson, Vatanen, Lindholm and Theodore. Despres will likely go assuming Fowler gets shipped off before then.
Thompson and Garbutt would technically be our only FA's after the 2016-17 season.
Well then they'd protect Lindholm, Vatanen and Manson. And I was under the impression that players with NMC's didn't count toward a teams protected number?
Well then, that's rather unfortunate. Thanks for clearing that up for me.
Tis why I just quick sold him
No. Besides they're probably going to sign him to something before July 1st.
Khudobin won't be around since he'll be in Russia playing in the KHL. Tokarski isn't ready to be a NHL that can play 25+ games. Hoping to see Enroth
Just wait until you get to the playoffs with Bruce.
Just remember the Indians blew a 3-1 lead in the World Series.
That's what I meant.. It was sarcasm. If he's bummed now that they lost a game in the regular season to end a streak just wait until they come into the playoffs on fire only to choke.
To get a fucking win in OT
Bought 500k, quick and easy. Also really cool and a fellow Duck fan like myself! Would buy from again if he wasn't going to go overseas and defend our freedom! Thanks again man and good luck!
Definitely have nothing to do with how you play defense rofl. I've seen EVERY goalie in the game give up the worst goals imaginable with someone playing great defense. This year is the year of the slapper or long shot from the point or faceoff circles. EVERY goalie is the exact same minus the synergies. Last year a goalie could steal you a game but not this year.
Exactly. You're 10000000% right on CuJo though. He might be the worst goalie I've ever in this game.
so true it hurts
Wondering if it's worth getting too
Are you doing the match-up's that would get the least amount of viewers?
Without any synergies active, it's Bergeron, Malhotra and Kesler.
Replace Olli Jokinen with Saku Koivu and I'm down with the Finns. Selanne should be the Master reward too not Esa Tikkanen.
That doesn't make him a better player. Selanne has the best stats ALL-TIME for ANY Finnish born player. Just because he was on worse teams doesn't mean anything.
No. The Christmas POTN stuff ended the 22nd or 23rd. So all of the new cards being released won't be part of the Christmas collections nor will they be lumped into the list of the players we could get.
On offense: Kesler, Kessel, Ryan, Thornton, Parise, Zetterberg, Okposo, Hossa, both Sedin's. Honestly the list can go on and on. A LOT of better options. On defense: Lindholm, Vatanen, Ekblad, Kronwall, Gostisbehere, Carlson, Seabrook, Shattenkirk
no worries!
I am chill buddy. Just saying.
And then wait to sell your MOV Perry after he gets his milestone so he's a 90.
Accidentally quick sold TOTY Kuzy last year. That was fun.
You don't need to feel like you have to earn putting the RHC tag. A lot of shitheads have it in their tag so it's all good. And unfortunately with the giveaways, 95% of the time the people that win already have stacked teams and will just sell whatever you give away.
Your post will for sure get downvoted because nobody believes in ice tilt but I agree that there is something coded in the game or what not. Last year I packed my team to the gills and couldn't get to D1 so I sold everyone and made an all base team of the real-time Ducks roster (had a few LOW 80's and high 70's players in it) and I made it do D1 EASY and then won a title. So there's DEFINITELY something in the way the game works. I also think it's funny how people call it "momentum" when that doesn't make sense. How can Chara outskate someone with 95 speed going backwards in the opening minute of a game? Not momentum... As for this year and the synergies, I've used a team with only 1 player synergy and made it 4 divisions HIGHER than when I used a team with 4 player synergies and 4 team synergies. It's just bizarre.
That's cool though. I totally respect that and we definitely need more people in this sub who act and think like you do because I think this is great. And on how to avoid giving away to stacked teams? Eh I have no clue. You can't really say "oh let me check your team out" because they can change it and lie to you too easily. Only thing I've done in my 3 giveaways were try to check out their comment history. Look if they've posted their roster before or are asking for rare players in the trade thread or what not. Normally I'd say a new user would be prime for a giveaway but sadly a lot of trolls on here make new accounts to shit talk or to fake being a new user so they can have a chance at a giveaway. But hey, a giveaway is amazing and I hope it brings you good karma regardless.
Yeah but after you trade them to your dumby team how do you transfer them back to your new team on your main account without spending money?
Not new at all. What I meant by that was EVERY TIME someone posts complaining about it they get destroyed by everyone on here.
OK sorry Mr. Literal I won't be so vague next time my bad.
Is EVERYONE pulling him but me? Holy shit
Getzlaf and Vermy over Kesler? The fuck?!
We're twinsies!
Saying the Ducks DJ plays "interesting and cool music" is the most laughable thing I've heard this year. We EASILY have the worst music ever. Then on top of that we decided we should add a shitty organist. The worst.
Probably one of our defensemen.
They might be awesome guys I just think they aren't very great. My issue with the organ is that we NEVER had one then all of a sudden we lose to the Kings in the playoffs and then boom, next year we have an organ.
Well I'm going to expect nothing and I'll still be disappointed.
4 in 1140 AB's. 3 of them were inside the parkers.
Definitely you. No doubt
A decent left handed winger to play with Getz and Perry. I doubt you'll want to give up Hoffman haha
Fuck me I hope not. I really DO NOT want JVR.
So you want like a created player on your squad that you can feed players into to grow him like they have in MLB the Show Diamond Dynasty? I'd really like that idea actually.
What about the young lady from Shawinigan?
Lol saying someone is too expensive but you have that line-up...
I didn't downvote anything?
I've had him for a long time now and he's great for me. Best SS I've used.
Probably because that was technically the last team he played in the NHL on. Only thing I can think of honestly. They definitely fucked up as usual.
https://hutdb.net/milestone Still one away
Good question. I'm wondering that too
Got a gold
I got patches and that's it if you don't count the Christmas Laine.
Well first off, Getzlaf isn't having a bad year nor is Anaheim. And secondly, we don't even know the themes for TOTY yet so you can't assume they're going to have another U23 team.
Nowhere. Already quick sold him and Bissonnette
Not much honestly. Nothing really there other than the Laine.
I got Christmas Laine, a gold collectible and Patches. You DEFINITELY hit the lottery. Awesome pulls man, congrats.
Already quick sold both haha
Team 2 no doubt. To me to comes down to Malkin vs. Ovi and if you need any help figuring that out, here you go. https://hutdb.net/17/players/stats/21083
Hayward said it best, we're better without him because everyone kicks it into high gear knowing how big of a loss he is. We can do it in short stretches like 1-5 games but not in the long run.
nope you're good
Got a base Giroux for 1500. Already have his 90 TOTW but there was no way I could pass that price up
Get 89 TOTW WCOH Bergeron. Going for the same price as base Toews and he has WW.
Saw one up for 50k about 2 hours ago. That sucks
TOTW Kesler and TOTW 89 Giroux
What you're describing is not ice tilt. Ice tilt is pretty much considered as competitive balance. Where you have a great 5 star team, every player being a 90+ and you're loaded with synergies. Then you play someone with a crap team, no one over 85, no synergies what so ever, and that team outdoes you in EVERY aspect of the game and wins. Like when your MOV Tarasenko gets ran down by Pascal Dupuis, or you get out-skated by a backward skating Chara, they stick/poke check better than your guys, and the list goes on and on etc. You're talking about your opponent just being selective with his shots. Probably scored on one timers, cross crease or slot shots. Just because you shoot a lot or have a lot of TOA doesn't mean shit overall.
No card is worth over a million IMO. Unless they score 4 goals in every game.
You should invest in the search bar.
Almost as original as this post here buddy
You forgot a WCOH card. With the TOTW background that is
You clearly don't know what ice tilt is.
Better pick up Subban then. Cheapest AS captain as of now. Last night I got him for 135k.
Definitely not
Expect disappointment and extreme frustration. But still wanting more and more.
MOV Simmonds or MOV Saad for Staal and then add Pietrangelo. Wouldn't lose any synergies either.
No worries!
Fowler. FINALLY stepped it up and played like we always thought he would.
Definitely don't think it has anything to do with handedness. We paired Lindholm with Beauchemin for a long time.
My prayers go out to you and your family man. You guys will get through it! Mom's are fighters!
We had 3 RHD when we paired Despres with Fowler for a while time though.. I 100% think it should always be a lefty paired with a righty but our staff doesn't I guess. Maybe now that we recalled Theo we won't see anymore of that Holzer-Bieksa pairing. HOPEFULLY.
I wish. As a Ducks fan I bought 60 bronze packs total, 30 for each week, when Max Jones and Sam Steel were TOTW and I didn't pull shit. So bummed. I still look for them at least once a week and I have yet to see either.
coast to coast like buttered toast
Forget 16 minutes. How the fuck did he make it more than a minute haha
So, Theo's sister is pretty attractive and Hampus's sister is literally Hampus in female form.
Haha I know man I was just messing with you
buying packs in general is always a disaster
Lost 13 in a row a few weeks ago. Before that I had never lost more than 3 in a row. I stopped playing for 9 days then come back haha
45 injury cards for sure
Why do people keep thinking a U23 TOTY team is a given?
Ok? EDIT: You really made an account just to post that on here?
Simmonds and maybe Horvat. Those are probably your two safest options. If they were to FOR SURE 100% have a U23 TOTY I'd say grab Gibson because he's probably the cheapest MOV available right meow.
Gibson continues to whip it out and put it on the table for everyone to enjoy
Highly doubtful for either. So many better names and fan favorites for the CTOTY than him.
I'd say Kesler is an absolute lock for DTOTY.
I'm guessing you mean MOV Perry? Well he plays the exact same as his base right now (I have both his base and MOV) because of his lack of upgrades atm. But I'd say yes he's worth it. He has one of the best shots in the game IMO and he's just 4 points away from an upgrade to 90. Better get him now before his price inflates because of that.
Perry, Getzlaf, Seguin, Parise, Bergeron, MS Kesler, Pietrangelo, Weber. Hell, you might even be able to get MOV Simmonds at 60k like I did a week ago and play him until he gets an upgrade or 2.
no worries man! sorry about you having to get rid of your team! hopefully this one turns out better and you have more fun with it!
89 Pietrangelo. Has +2 B
* Somehow get rid of Bieksa and Stoner. * Finally get a legit LW to play with Getzlaf and Perry. * Retire the numbers of Kariya and Giguere. Those all come after wanting to win the Cup of course.
If he gets a card before Selanne I'll be pissed
Haha I wasn't getting pissy I was just messing with you. Seemed like you were sleep talking to something so I had to comment to lol. But to answer the OP's question, I'd expect them to remain the same because of Kolzig being legit and having it be a pretty easy set to complete.
Stadium Bryz, MOV Andersen or MOV Gibson
Fish cry?
Kesler is going to net another epic shorty. I CAN FEEL IT IN MY KNICKERS
And his 7 head. Also it's creepy how much Lindholm's sister looks like him
Benn
This has been known for a while. Just another reason why they're great owners.
THANK YOU for saying 'grabbed' and not 'sniped'.
wow I hate you
What's your budget? And what are you looking to do?
LETS GET OUR FIRST 4 GAME WIN STREAK OF THE SEASON BOYS!
Kesler. His MOV was EASY my best player last year and this season he's having his best year since 2010-11. Probably going to win the Selke too. So bummed. It's even worse because I'm a Ducks fan and he's my favorite player in the league.
I use his MS too. I don't deke very often, especially with him so I don't really notice. He's a beast for me though with WW, PP, BS, B, CG and 1T activated.
I might be a little biased because I'm a Ducks fan but POTG Silfverberg (WW, TT) is great on my 4th line.
His MS is great for me with all the synergies I have activated.
Bought MOV Subban off him and he went above and beyond to help me out. EXTREMELY nice and patient. WILL and WOULD buy from again. Honestly will only buy from him again.
Toronto vs. Chicago
As a Ducks fan I can say this is fucking hilarious. It's Ovi and it's not even close.
Giguere. SO disappointed in him.
Oh joy now we're 1-8 in OT. Lovely.
Rather have those posts then the RATE MY TEAM posts we have 1000000000 of a day.
Well if you can't find him get 89 Pietrangelo. He's been great for me
You got Pietro for 125k? Damn IMO that's a great grab. I think I paid 170k for him AT LEAST about 2-3 weeks ago.
Good shit!
If he's still going for around 120k like when I picked him up you should grab 90 TOTW Giroux to replace Thornton with. Or 89 MS Kessel to replace Saad or Tatar with.
Maybe MOV Kucherov to replace Hall? Look something like this https://hutdb.net/17/builder/134813 EDIT: I forgot about your budget so that might not be doable.
Selanne in Game 5 of the WCF against Detroit. IMO the biggest goal in our franchise history. I still get goosebumps when I watch it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipqQhTG7YdY
Anaheim Duck great Brad May.
Honestly not even surprised with Maroon. I miss that guy. I just KNEW he would be great somewhere else. He was never used very well with us which sucked
I was expecting a 10th then it ended haha. Props to you for sticking it out like a champ.
Why? He wasn't bad for us and had a lot of great games. Not his fault he went downhill after getting vertigo.
I still remember him stealing that series against them in 2009. He was unreal.
Right as I said to myself "I hope he made him watch the replay of that" he quit haha
I agree he tried to put on a show but he was by no means a bad or overrated player. And that's saying a lot coming from me because I've had season tickets since 1998 and he's EASILY my least favorite Ducks goalie of all-time haha
His amazing shot and size make up for his lack of speed. He's a beast.
I don't think so but there have only been 7 players to do so since HUT has been around.
Couture must be a REALLLLLLY poor man's version of Crosby. Like, on the street with no shoes eating grass version.
Get Pietrangelo and Suter
Who cares about the goal. You have a Ducks logo but a Kings jersey? What the fuck.
Only one up right now has a start price of 99,950 and then a buy now price of 224,999.
It's still up. 12 hours and 15 minutes left.
Honestly I've never looked until now so I really couldn't tell you. Sorry
No problem!
which one?
He said he actually took a discount so we wouldn't have to trade anyone (Fowler) and everyone could stay where they were.
Hoping for Gibson
Benn went Bo Jackson on 3 sticks the other night. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoqL-ylEQ-8
Well if you're loosing just tighten it up bud
I use my favorite players then try to get the best possible synergy combos from their cards.
You must be horrid on defense. All 3 of this cards have been lights out for me
No OT thank FUCK
Honestly T doesn't need to be activated. It's a useless syn because stick checking is already OP as it is.
**WTS/T** * 90 TOTW Weber *(currently the cheapest on AH at 165k buy now)*
Who gives a shit? You can see people that lock before you start the game. Your fault you lost to a position locker. And before you ask "how do you know I lost?", well, it's because you took the time to make a post on here about him.
You think by now people would know what to do when this happens considering the hundreds of posts we have on here about this issue.
I've used both of Bryz's cards, Holtby, Kolzig, Lundqvist, Bishop, Andersen, Gibson and Giguere and both of Bryz's cards for me have been the best by far.
I'm terrible so you'll always get free wins when you play me and I'm not an asshole! PSN - Bar_Down_Beaut
Like someone else said, he's rare, so if you really want him then sure I guess. Overall though definitely not.
Bought 700k from him. Was incredibly fast and easy.
I don't want him. I also quick sold Richards, Biz and then John Scott in last year's game haha
**WTS/T** * MS 90 Thornton
They'll see him at the start screen so you might not be able to get a game haha
POTG Silfverberg
The epitome of WCS in HUT.
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa (Silver) * Ondrej Kase (Silver)
!rules
No, I'm afraid I haven't sorry. I've tried the rest though haha
Maybe he's not apart of the NHLPA so they don't own his rights? Same thing happened to Barry Bonds in MLB the Show.
Getzlaf, Perry, Gibson, Andersen, Parise, Subban, Josi and Zetterberg.
Negative
You can have Theodore if you give us Eichel :)
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa (Silver) * Ondrej Kase (Silver)
Not enough for a MS
Gotta defend those cross creases
Never seen his Halloween for lower than 180k on PS4
Our seats are red though
Right? Especially when you're like this guy and literally spend $2000+ on your team.
I scored on a flukey play 42 seconds in and he quit too.
Somewhere Perry is drinking all of the Jets fans salty tears.
Wow
I don't know if there's some type of algorithm or something needed but it would be cool if there was some option where you could add the players you wanted to use then it would automatically make a team of those players using the best versions of their cards to make a great synergy team or something. SUPER LONG run on sentence I know.
Like say there are people like me, who ONLY play with favorite players in the league or play with players who were on a certain team. Instead of having to search every guy and their different versions of their cards you could put those players in sort of a drop box where it just spits out the best possible team. Might sound dumb but it's just a suggestion.
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa (Silver) * Ondrej Kase (Silver)
I had all 4 removed at the same time a few years ago and playing HUT fucked me up damn good haha
Yeah I do. I mean it's not as great as MLB the Show but it's still awesome. And the only hockey game that exists so there's that..
Price, Lundqvist, Huet, Dubnyk and Ward.
No. You'd have to give up Seguin or Crosby for MOV Parise, MOV Perry, TOTW Backstrom, MS Kopitar, MOV Letang or MOV Steen and I HIGHLY doubt you'd want to do that.
Yeah it's games played. Other than that it's pretty much hoping he gets a POTG or Stanley Cup card haha.
He's 2-3 years away at best.
I have 489 gold's haha. I'm gonna put a bunch up on the AH like I've been doing for 200 buy now
Only 1 MS is guaranteed though. Don't know if he'll be able to get 13 more goals in the next 35 games. He only has 14 through 47 as it is.
It's like 24 items 7 guaranteed rare I think
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa (silver) * Ondrej Kase (silver)
He rocks RHC but I've never seen him post here or give back in any way.
YOU TAKE GOOD CARE OF HIM YA HEAR?
Like I've said before, T is pretty much useless IMO because stick checking is already pretty OP. Only sort of matters if you have your AI play defense for you. B has worked great for me and you can really tell it makes a difference. I can only imagine how great the team will be with BOTH B and 1T activated.
I might be a tad bit bias because I'm a Ducks fan but his MOV is pretty nuts for me with B.
Do you accept body parts? I have a spare kidney.
Haha you know me too well. Up to my same antics as last year
no problem man
Offensive, Defensive and Community TOTY. Those are the only locks IMO.
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa (silver)
I'd say it's inadequate considering you don't have Lindros and for the fact that you/EA don't even have LeClair or Renberg.
He's been as good as can be expected for a backup. I'll definitely admit he's doing better than I thought he would. I was a semi-fan of him in Toronto but now that we have him I'm digging him.
Julie "The Cat" Gaffney obviously
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa - San Diego Gulls AHL (silver)
WTF MAN. EVERY TIME I sit and lurk the market for shit like this I don't get anything. But as soon as I'm not on lurking everyone gets steals.
I only use reddit for hockey related things and video games haha
I got him for 6500 yesterday and that was the lowest one up so I'd say it was a good deal. Being a Ducks fan I'm a huge fan of him. With T, SB and IS activated he's extremely legit.
Thornton by far. All of /r/hockey agrees too.
Eh their only shot of upgrades are a possible TOTW or POTG. The only MS either of them has coming up is if by some miracle Schneider gets 7 more shutouts to get it.
Nice pear you got there.
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa - San Diego Gulls AHL (silver)
Kane, Toews, Burns
If you want a defensive threat, you want Datsyuk. If you want a fast offensive threat you want Stamkos. Also I think Stamkos goes for 15-20k more than Datsyuk too.
Nope. All you can have on in HUT is the pass suggestion and on-ice trainer.
Nutrag
Too bad you aren't on PS4. Saw 20+ on the AH going for 80k.
They were there for at least 2+ hours. I was making some last night and saw a lot were going for 87k so I sold my 3 at 85k and they were bought up within 2 hours.
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa - San Diego Gulls AHL (silver)
Well I just looked all those dudes up and going by all of their lowest cards on the market it comes out to 837k. Cheapest MOV McDavid on the market right now is 570k. So yes, TAKE THAT SHIT AND RUN. Then buy back McDavid back if you still want him. Hopefully he sends it again.
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa - San Diego Gulls AHL (silver)
/r/hutcoinsales
Sell. This version is essentially a faster Wheeler with a better wrist shot.
TOTW Suter
He just did this TWICE for us the other night against EDM and singlehandedly allowed 2 goals because of it haha
Love seeing Stewie's fat belly jiggle when he throws down
Domi is only a great fighter when the ref holds the other dude he's fighting and gets in his way. Watch that Kesler "scrap" again and watch the ref hold Kesler's arm.
Definitely not good enough for TOTY
**LF** * Joseph Cramarossa
He's unreal defensively. Has a hard shot but not the best accuracy. Oh and ps, Kesler's 94 faceoff rating &gt; Brind's 87 rating.
Hey mods can we PLEASE get a 'no investment thread' option?
Minus the fact that if you breathe on him he goes flying.
That's amazing haha
POTG Toews
I don't even know. I can't even sell my carbons at 68k.
Haha no PS4 sorry man. Would if I could!
Just now sold and it took me 3 hours. There are a few up for 70k and 72k.
He won't make that though unless he goes nuts. Only has like 14 on the year as it is.
Weber is 4 assists away from another MS
I wanted Cogs. Too bad I can't trade you my Karlsson I pulled for him
450k
No HUTrep and you're selling at a higher price than EVERYONE else. Good luck with that!
Every game/practice used jersey last year was size 58 IIRC. And for how early you should get there, EARLY. I got there at 6am and there were already 30+ people ahead of me.
There's 0 chance at using the 2 collectibles we got to get anything without needing more of them or needing carbons.
Lol I love Cogs but Stamkos all the way. No comparison
He's behind Malkin, Kessel and Crosby so even if they do win, he won't win the Conn Smythe.
HC Horcoff or ASG Kesler
Marner*
NO chance Perry waives his NMC..
So true.
DON'T BE AN ASSHOLE NOW BIEKSA
I think he still might be in the DEL.
NO ONE KNOWS
Ugh, one of those "fans" that wears a jersey to a game where that team isn't even playing. AND it's a cheap fake jersey too. THE WORRRRRRRRRRRST.
They're greedy. Or idiotic. Same goes with the dude who has been putting up TOTY Kesler at 1.5m start for the last 4 days rofl.
If you have a team like that and don't know how to set up your lines you need to just quit.
Not one card with TW. Interesting..
But hey, at least they look cool!
You're mistaken.
They're not as bad as everyone says they are. The ones who have issues must be complete assholes or get idiots or something. I accidentally quick sold my TOTY Tarasenko and contacted support only to have them give me a new one within 2 days.
Or TOTY Doughty, TOTY Gostisbehere, TOTY Ekblad, TOTY Gudas, TOTY Murray, TOTY Bishop, TOTY Hiller, TOTY Jenner and TOTY Pearson.
Lol Rakell, Silf and Lindholm aren't going anywhere. And IF Fowler doesn't re-sign with us we'd deal him after this upcoming season and not before.
Well in your defense, he's only played like 80 something games.
I'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU PAULRUS
Not sure about XBOX since I'm on PS4 but there are already 30 up. And as for prices, they're ALL over the place.
On PS4 the cheapest one of him up is 121k.
I was REALLY hoping we'd just name off every one there was but I didn't give you the option aha
EA at their finest
Yeah I sold an ECHL Quad City Mallards logo for 6k yesterday
Wow. Nice job man
There are like 3 different TOTW Giroux's...
Cheapest up is 260k.
Just put one up in the AH for 25k EDIT: Hopefully you got it.
!rules
Lol overvaluing Sheary dear Lord.
Nah
Weird. I've never been ip booted or desynced in CS. In over 500+ games I've only had one person try to desync me.
Oh ok haha. I was going to say oh I've driven by Blakey Hall! I had a friend who was from Nelson which is right by there
bought a million off him! great guy and very trustworthy. would recommend
EA
First, get SCE Silfverberg to replace Lindholm or SCE Manson to replace McBain, unless you have them for some random reason haha. Then pick up MOV Perry. Saw a few up for 190k the other night. Or if you can find SCE Oshie for under 200k.
**WTB** * FB Pronger
Perry
Nope. 50 and 100 only.
Sold him for 615k the night he came out.
I like syn's to an extent but I wish we had chemistry as well. I despise seeing a forward on defense or a defensemen on offense.
It almost did. The goal before that went off my defensemen for an own goal too. Game was an absolute blast.
Needs more Etem
And those mock drafts are clearly utter horse shit. But in all seriousness, it ALL comes down to Bieksa and what we decide to do with Vatanen. * If Bieksa waives AND we trade Vatanen, the forwards we protect are: Getzlaf, Perry, Kesler, Cogliano (people forget he has a modified NTC), Silfverberg, Rakell and then ideally whatever forward we get in return for Vatanen. Then the defensemen we protect would be Fowler, Lindholm and Manson. And then we'd protect Gibson for the goalie spot. * If Bieksa doesn't waive and we don't end up trading Vatanen, then I'm guessing the forwards we'd protect would be: Getzlaf, Perry, Kesler, Cogliano, Silfverberg, Rakell and then Shaw/Wagner or Eaves if he re-signs, or the player we sign to replace Eaves. And then the defensemen we'd protect would be Fowler, Lindholm and Bieksa. Then Gibson for our goalie spot. So let's REALLY hope the scenario where we trade Vatanen and Bieksa waives happens.
Needs more Getzlaf. And if you don't like smaller guys like you said, get rid of Steel ASAP. He gets pushed around a lot and should be played on the wing instead of at center even though that's his position. He's too small and has a bad faceoff rating. I'd throw SCE Fowler on there too instead of Gardiner.
Eh I'd say 150-180k.
Nice! He plays great for me and with speedsters and tw activated he flies
yikes
The stupid amount of upvote threads in our sub.
hahahaha so you want to trade me 10k for a card that has been going for 250k+. I think I'm going to pass on that offer. Thanks though!
No household name will be going from the NHL to the KHL this year. And btw, I love Talbot, but he was definitely not a household name by any means.
250k
Nah just coins. Sorry
Ice Tilt
Yeah I think there's a good chance for sure. I wouldn't even doubt if Kesler tries to talk him into it too. It would help the team A LOT and give him a better shot to win the Cup. It's honestly a win win. And like you said, it's not like a team is going to take him any way with his contract and age.
Can't agree with this enough. I don't get why people bitch about his speed because it's NEVER been an issue with me. With TW or not.
That's an understatement haha. His shot was deadly for him when he was 92. Now with him being a 95 AND the fact that I have X he's unstoppable.
The answer is obviously Max Domi
You'll get A LOT more than 200k for that Karlsson that's for sure. I definitely don't think Subban will be that low tomorrow but either way you won the trade IMO.
The only other game I'm playing ATM is Battlefield 1. I have Star Wars Battlefront too but I haven't played it since November.
If Bieksa waives AND we trade Vatanen, the forwards I'd want us to protect are: Getzlaf, Perry, Kesler, Cogliano, Silfverberg, Rakell and then ideally whatever forward we get in return for Vatanen. Then the defensemen I'd want us to protect would be Fowler, Lindholm and Manson. And then we'd protect Gibson for the goalie spot.
Hahahah I forgot about him. You're right, he beats Domi.
Then why are you asking...
It is if they have low defensive awareness. If you have guys with 88+ to begin with it's not noticeable at all to me.
L o l
Yup. Nashville fans have made me. They have one GREAT postseason due to their insane goalie and they've acted like they're the best team in the world with the greatest fanbase. It's weird because they were in the playoffs last year and there wasn't one word about the noise or their fans but now this year they finally reach the WCF and all of a sudden they're huge rofl. I'd feel bad for Subban since he's one of my favorite players but oh well.
OMG SO WEIRD
I wouldn't. A 95 for a 92.. plus Forsberg might not get another upgrade any way. If it was his SCE with TW I'd say yes for sure though.
I don't know what's worse. Him fucking up and not adding a 0? Or him actually thinking he'd sell that card for 1.5 million...
Beast
LOL
Can you get any more vague? Post your team or something at least..
I'll notify the authorities ASAP if you are unheard from in the next 5-6 hours.
See it now haha
I pulled Glass, Ritchie, Watson, Thompson and Kassian. I feel you man haha
Pronger
I don't think it said you get a NHL award player in the pack. If it did, then EA fucked up HUGE because a lot of people, including me, got random S2 players like Iginla.
It's 100% him if they win. He's the only reason they're there.
If he ends up getting suspended that's total bullshit. I really hope the DoPS doesn't botch this.
The Foundation Player Award*. And yes I do remember that I'm sorry. But even so, that means you could possibly get Iginla, Nash, Miller, Brown, Fisher, Zetterberg, Bergeron, Burns or Giordano since they've all won it before. It didn't say we get a CURRENT award winner though. Just someone who has been awarded it before.
This is exactly why I never take it easy in the first minute. If I happen to score and they quit, oh well. I'd rather that happen than having to play keep away and do dumb shit only to have what happened to you haha
SCE Ryan. In the last 19 games he's been hurt and left 12 of them. I can't even believe it. Fucking madness
Do we really need another Crosby card?
Not a chance. He's making $5.75m a year right now AND just added another Cup to his name.
It varies. I got him for 915k a week ago. Ideally, 1m is perfect but people always put him up for WAY more than that which is dumb.
Seen him posted for 330-350k on PS4. Not sure if that helps or not.
**WTB** * AWD Getzlaf * SCE Vatanen * SCE Kunitz * POTG Lindholm * MS Beauchemin **WTS** * SCE Getzlaf (600k BIN) * FB Pronger (945k BIN) * TOTY Subban (600k BIN) * MOV Zetterberg (200k BIN) * 93 TOTW Pietrangelo (200k BIN) * MOV Parise (60k BIN) * ~~SS Bryzgalov (30k BIN)~~ *all are currently lowest listed on AH*
TOTY Kesler
He's on the market now man so go for it haha
Awesome!
**WTB** * POTG Lindholm * MS Beauchemin **WTS** * SCE Getzlaf * 93 TOTW Pietrangelo
Best RH shot in the game.
Only if you don't mind losing faceoffs
Where have you been
Josh Manson is attempting to be one of them.
no problem!
SCE Perry or SCE Ryan (getting Ryan will also keep S activated).
Cheapest up right now is 199k.
no worries!
Cheapest up on PS4 right now is 100k.
Agreed. It's not every day you get to go to the White House or meet the president. Politics aside, it's a once in a life time chance.
Don't hold your breath for a draft totw
Thanks Chris Phillips!
Hahahahahahaha wait, this is real?
Went from this [team](https://hutdb.net/17/builder/806813) down to this [team](https://hutdb.net/17/builder/806793). Weird part is I'm playing A LOT better on the new team than the old. I've also been messing around with this [all-time Ducks team](https://hutdb.net/17/builder/806824) in CS and it's been fun as hell.
I lost 252 points after one game last round. Dude ended up finishing in the top 1000 too. I don't get it, cs is whack.
I wouldn't. If it was his TOTY I would though haha
Kariya - Gretzky - Selanne Orr - Larry Robinson
He's insane. I had his TOTY then went down to his SCE. PPG for me. SO good.
If you won't be home in a few days how are you going to grind some games out now?
Yes. Too hot of a take.
Oh oops sorry I read that wrong. And I have no clue how much Eichel goes for sorry. I'd guess 250-300k'ish but I'm clueless
MOV Andersen
I've seen some dude with the TN Barge something and he had two up for 675k for 2 weeks and they never got nabbed. Either he lowered them and sold them both or he just gave up because I haven't seen them up. I also haven't looked at the CTOTY cards in over 5 days though so yeah. Hope that helps haha
I wouldn't personally. Another 100k I probably would haha
phenomenal timing. brass balls for sure considering the situation. good shit.
If by top team you mean a top 20 team, then yeah, sure.
Ohh that's bold..
TN: DucksOfAnaheim Thanks for giving back once again. You're a true gent.
Unfortunately, no. It's going to keep happening unless the US government arrests them all since it's illegal rofl. So like I said, it's NEVER going to change and that fucking sucks. Also, just a piece of advice, if you're going to claim you're the "#1 sorce for NHL gameplay content" in your twitter bio you could at least spell source* correctly.
It's not an attitude. It's truth. People have been getting booted since NHL15 IIRC and NOTHING has ever happened. I'd LOVE to see every booter, booster and desyncer banned but unfortunately EA has proved they're incapable of doing so.
If you don't feel like going to the article here's the list of both our protected and available players: **Players Protected:** **FORWARDS** * Andrew Cogliano (M-NTC) * Ryan Getzlaf (NMC) * Ryan Kesler (NMC) * Corey Perry (NMC) * Rickard Rakell * Jakob Silfverberg * Antoine Vermette (M-NTC) **DEFENSEMEN** * Kevin Bieksa (NMC) * Cam Fowler * Hampus Lindholm **GOALIE** * John Gibson **Players Available:** **FORWARDS** * Spencer Abbott (UFA) * Jared Boll * Sam Carrick * Patrick Eaves (UFA) * Emerson Etem (RFA and eligible for arbitration) * Ryan Garbutt * Max Gortz * Nicolas Kerdiles * Andre Petersson * Logan Shaw * Nick Sorensen * Nate Thompson (UFA) * Corey Tropp * Chris Wagner **DEFENSEMEN** * Nate Guenin (UFA) * Korbinian Holzer (UFA) * Josh Manson * Jaycob Megna (RFA) * Jeff Schultz (UFA) * Clayton Stoner * Sami Vatanen **GOALIES** * Jonathan Bernier (UFA) * Jhonas Enroth (UFA) * Ryan Faragher (RFA) * Matt Hackett (UFA) * Dustin Tokarski
Thompson is a UFA so it doesn't matter.
I'm guessing our deal we made with Vegas is for them to take him so they wouldn't take Manson instead. Montour will replace him just fine.
Yeah if he does end up there I'll for sure miss him but that's life as a sports fan haha
He's an UFA.
I don't think there's any way we made a deal that we were able to protect BOTH Manson and Vatanen. On the miracle off chance we did, Kerdiles is probably gone. Along with picks and a few others I'd assume.
He might not though. If he isn't greedy and knows he had a good thing last season with us and is willing to sign at the $1 million he made last year again or $2 million for one year we might be able to get him back. Think positive!
Oh I completely agree. He's not only a grinder that works his ass off every night but he seems like he brings a good vibe and leadership aspect to the team. Love him to death. Not that my flair would show that... ;)
Reports already have us making a deal. They aren't announcing anything until Wednesday but still. No reason for multiple reports to have gone out only to be bullshit.
I think he had to. He has a modified no-trade clause. It's a weird one too. He had a NMC from when we signed him to June 16th. Then it became a NTC from June 17th until June 30th. THEN it becomes a M-NTC starting July 1st until the end of the 2017-18 season. He also lists 8 teams on his list as well.
Player switching and puck pick-ups are really my only issues tbh. Never been desync'ed but I do agree it's annoying as fuck for everyone it happens to. The goalie trip thing is a rare occasion for me as well so I don't have that big of an issue. I've only had one guy try to do the glitch wrap but it's the EASIEST thing to counter so if you can't defend it, just quit playing.
Eh we wouldn't really be losing him for nothing though. IF that scenario actually happened, we'd essentially be keeping Vatanen AND Manson just to give up Theo. That is 1000000% worth it IMO.
Only thing is, we can't really buy out Bieksa because his cap hit would still be $4 million.
He's ineligible to be taken.
Neither.
We technically still hold his NHL rights IF he were to be selected. Dallas has the same situation with Valeri Nichushkin only they protected him.
His last 3 contracts were all one year deals so..
Not sure about your budget but I put this together without changing too many of your guys but still adding syns. https://hutdb.net/17/builder/812770
Can't afford Hanzal and we still have Vermette haha
I was REALLY hoping we weren't going to have the same collars as the WCOH jerseys but we do. Fuck.
Funniest part about us going to orange is that the players HATE it but the Samueli's love it haha
He'll probably be the one announcing who's on the cover for 18. Hope to fuckshit he isn't in next years game
5-6. Dgaf about 3 on 3 too. Guess time will tell..
Definitely wouldn't call him a depth player for us rofl.
BUT BRO WE GET 3 ON 3!! /s
1 more than you.
No sir you are not. I HATE the collars. They're easily the worst part of the jerseys hands down.
Lol you sure you're talking about Oshie? You're clearly thinking about some other player.
No we can't afford him. We could afford him for MAYBE 1 year if we re-sign Eaves or not. His last contract was for 5 years $20 million and there's NO way we can afford that when we have to re-sign Fowler, Manson, Cogliano, Montour and Kase after next season.
wow you have no life. do you have a life?
It's sarcasm kiddo. Did you read his post where he says to write EXACTLY what I said?
Yikes. We overpaid out the ass.
Agreed. We REALLY overpaid. We're doing what the Bruins did with Beleskey lol
If you want to try newer cards of smaller guys try the new 92 TOTW Strome or the 94 IPOTG Gaudreau to replace Malkin with maybe?
Create the players that aren't in the game yourself. Otherwise trade them to the league obviously. That's what I do. I mean it's time consuming but if you REALLY want it I'd say it's worth it.
Dude they're juiced. Bought 4, pulled 3 random TOTW that I quick sold, DFT Suzuki, 92 TOTW Strome, DFT Glass and 6 collectibles. Probably the 2nd time where buying packs WAS actually profitable.
**WTS** * 92 TOTW Strome
No chance haha
ONLY 10 straight days? You must not know much about Vegas.
2
CLASSIC EA
Lol weird considering I gave you 105k, S2 Perry, S2 Getzlaf, S2 Kesler AND SCE Silfverberg. Then you said you pulled SCE Flower and SCE Gibson from title packs.. And you made [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/NHLHUT/comments/6apuda/giveaway_tomorrow_and_thank_you_uvruh_and/) showing your team after /u/vruh and I gave you all that stuff... Then you messaged me asking me to help your "friend" get S2 Klingberg AND then to help another "friend" get base Tarasenko.. I was all about helping you 1-2 months ago but now this is like the 5th+ begging type post you've made but you end up deleting the rest of them. Come on man.
And there you go again deleting your post AGAIN. Just give it up bud.
MOV Andersen. Best and most consistent goalie I've ever used. And to answer your edit, yes, IMO 55k for a 94 Price is a pretty good deal. Even with his garbage syn's.
You might be the ONLY person this year to say you're happy with any version of Joseph haha.
So what is the point of this post? Asking if there will be another huge 99 card only to then brag about your stacked team..
No
We know.. this is not new news haha
Yeah losing Stoner is really going to hurt them /s
Our opinions of what 'good music' is are vastly different.
I totally agree with that. This years soundtrack might be one of the worst ever. The earlier versions did have the best overall soundtracks that's for sure.
Gordon Bombay. That knee injury ruined everything for him.
no worries! have a good time!
Moved them around but with 400k you should be able to pull this off. https://hutdb.net/17/builder/826905
Replace SCE Kesler with FB Zetterberg. You'll lose NP but you'll gain 2P player synergy wise and gain X without losing any team synergies. https://hutdb.net/17/builder/827122 Here's a player comparison between the two in case you're curious. https://hutdb.net/17/players/stats/52680
I didn't even see that. Well that would work too haha. I just like DR so I didn't want to lose it.
Both versions of Bryz and MOV Andersen
Winnik isn't a center so no, he's not an improvement over Vermette.
There was a SCE Forsberg up for 120k about 20 minutes ago.
Oh gotcha
Yes. It's lame as fuck
I just farted
