Hopefully.
If we could try shooting the fucking puck. You guys aren't talented enough to play like the Sedins.
Holy shit Weber can you please get the fuck out of our lineup?!
Weak goal, Blackwood.
How patriotic of you.
That *may* be the case (I personally disagree but it very well could be) but it could just be a timing thing. Look at how long it took Daniel to get his shot back after the Duncan Keith incident. Most sports don't have kids start playing in the majors until they're 22-24. If Virtanen is that old and still unable to make it in the NHL then I'll be worried. At 19? Yeah, definitely not.
Man, if we could snag Drouin under similar circumstances I would be over the fucking moon.
Ahh the old No True Scotsman argument. Whether Trekkies accept it or not, JJ's new Star Trek movies ARE Star Trek. You guys got your philosophical movies for *years* and you know what happened? They bombed. Film after film, until it looked like Star Trek might be done and then JJ stepped in and revitalized the franchise. Hopefully the success of these films will spawn a TV series for you guys or something, which is what Star Trek is far better suited for, and leave the blockbusters to be exactly that: Blockbusters.
Damn so close for Boeser!
Those are some silky hands
No he's probably jet lagged still
If he did that would be pretty fucking shameful of our fans.
DUDE WTF
No way we're winning one of these.
Barring Henrik's injuries getting more severe I could see the Twins sticking with the team at least another three seasons, probably involving them taking a discount on their next contracts. Would be unreal to see them as our second line once the kids get better. I'd assume Henrik stays captain during that tenure.
Yeah so, ya know, we need to get pucks to the net and get in on the forecheck, the other team is playing hard and we need to play a full two hundred foot game you know
Uh why the fuck is MacIntyre slamming Eddie Lack. Wtf?!
Holy fuck how did I totally forget Tanev lol Jesus.
Oh god when is this circle jerk gonna end? Get the fuck over it, it's four fucking games.
Ferraro was, if that helps give context to this.
Really? Cmon dude, it's 2005.
What? I know that, I was under the impression your comment was arguing that fact.
Dorsett is one of the hardest working Canucks on the ice. Don't hate him for the way Willie deploys him or how much Benning pays his. Prust? Different story. Cracknell is replaceable. But Dorsett I actually like being on the team, so long as he's glued to the fourth line.
Life always holds the uncertainty of death, no matter your profession. Who are we to judge others for what they do? "If you have a daughter you shouldn't be a policeman, or a firefighter, or a taxi driver, or a doctor, or a logger, or a miner, or an airplane pilot, etc etc..."
Again, no one is forcing you to click on these threads. If we want to talk about it we will. You're welcome to do your own thing.
Actually he probably would. One of my logging buddies had a tree fall on him three months or so back and once it healed was back out there. A couple weeks after he got back one of his buddies died on the job. Still went back. It's almost as if people can be aware of the risk and still make a choice on their own despite said risk.
Higgins in, McCann out? #justWilliethings
Never thought the award for Worst Suit Ever could go to anyone other than Don Cherry. Nope, not tonight. This singer man.
Can someone tell me why the fuck Dorsett is on with the Sedins?
Goddamnit Weber can you just stay in the dressing room?
Time for Dorsett, right?
Not his fault for getting stuck with Higgins. Brutal.
LUUUUUUUUUUUUU HOLY FUCK
When is an Edler slap shot *not* blocked immediately leading to a turnover?
Sooooo instead of a $5 Foot Long it's a $4 6 inch? Wtf Subway?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Way faster than I thought. Honestly liking what I'm seeing so far. Good hustle. Could just be adrenaline from a new team.
Practically nothing about the actual game, just a bunch of off-ice drama. Probably one of the worst Provies I've read.
I mean I get not wanting to switch up the Bo Bae Vrby line and Burrows has been invisible but *fucking Dorsett*??
I think the odd shift would be okay, maybe on a rush play up the ice. Jake's Hockey IQ doesn't mix well with the cycling but if he can just get in front of the net we'd be golden.
I don't think Vrbata even knows what that word means..
Just wait till the r/KassianGifs start rolling
But that's not what you said. You said no team goes from missing the playoffs to winning the Stanley Cup. Context does wonders.
If you're taking time out of your day to watch hockey wives then your opinion is kind of nullified about this.
At this point I can't even tell if people are being sarcastic or not.
Yeah but Bo and Baer are burning hot right now so they've kinda forced his hand.
Way to go.
Is that Mason Raymond in #26?
Is there another way to say it?
Prust doesn't do it enough to make him worth the roster spot. And he only does it against weak opponents.
Came here to say the same thing. Holy fuck the Provies need to stfu about the PA Plan and Gate controversies.
Draft position is literally irrelevant the second the Entry Draft is over.
And give up our only good defencemen to get him? We're not potential buyers for any superstars right now save the free agency.
Sooooo how does this affect the Canadian economy? It sounds like it is gonna hurt it more if there's more oil distributors selling, no?
As it should.
&gt; seen him do it a *few times* &gt; McCann *always* shoots low Alright buddy
Strange request.
And no call on the Baertschi tackle..
How do New York fans feel about the Utica Comets?
Would you prefer Weber?
Except it's way different than the Baertschi situation, if I'm not mistaken Baertschi's contract ran up and he said he wasn't going to re-sign with them, so they traded. He didn't bitch to the media, he didn't refuse to play, and it seemed fairly drama-free, minus the management calling him out publicly. Drouin is still on contract and is letting his agent act like a child and fuck with his career, which sounds an awful lot like what's happened with Johansen.
Best 2nd we've ever spent.
Still 1-0
God this line plays some pretty fucking hockey.
Good ol Jack
*knock knock*
Oi Edler. Nice recovery though.
Wow fuck off don't touch Tanev you fucks
Yeah I embellish all the time after getting my head slammed directly into the boards. Fuck right off, Tanev doesn't embellish.
Since the Tampa game? lol buddy it's been since waaaaay before then.
We are.
Kay is it pronounced Zaleski or Zalewski cuz it's definitely spelled like the latter but Shorthouse keeps saying the former.
Oh okay, I get it. Daniel was just saving this moment for against the Bruins. Beauty.
That movie had far too sloppy of a third act to get a nod for directing. Honestly I was surprised to even see it get a best screenplay nod
I posted this in another thread but I'm going to repost it because it seems relevant enough and anything I said on this thread would just be a re-hash of the same thing so: "Between Bo and Sven ramping up production and still having the scoring Sedin and both Markstrom and Miller playing lights out, Vey and Etem showing chemistry, Burrows sparking, and Sutter getting close to come back then yeah we're definitely no longer gonna be in the running for Matthews. We may not win every game but we are winning games, and getting points when we're not. We survived through a myriad of injuries and are slowly getting back to full health and are actually getting some secondary scoring (to the point where Bo Bae Vrbata are essentially our first line now). We got hit hard earlier this year because the kids weren't doing much, Vrbata was snake bitten, Higgins was here, and we had injuries left right and Center. Biega is in and Weber is out, and Prusts days as a Canuck may be numbered. Miller is back in attack mode. Unless we get another wave of injuries I'd say we're looking at a 10-15 pick (possibly lower if we make the playoffs), which I'm totally okay with. We got Shink at 24, McCann at 24, Demko at 36, so long as we nab some draft picks by the deadline we'll be good. Despite a top heavy Top 5, this draft year is deep and any picks from 10-35 and even beyond are looking solid. Priority being defencemen of course, but BPA is BPA."
Didn't they release a video of the lottery happening and they have representatives from every team in the room including impartial members of the gambling assosciation? There is millions and millions of dollars on the line for 14 different teams during the lottery, they're definitely not going to sit back and let unfair shady shit happen when their team's futures are in question.
Not minding the look of that Zalewski Dorsett Virtanen line
Yeah I checked the rest of the lines immediately after commenting and changed my comment. That's what I get for commenting after reading just the headline!
Oh obviously it's worth asking. Doesn't stop it from being fucking hilarious.
Yup, that's a hook.
Going on two full games right now
BO KNOWS
Back in the doghouse Vey holy fucking shit.
Baertschi McCann Virtanen all have gotten benched for next to nothing. Vey throws the puck in his own net? Let's play him hard in the last 4 minutes! #justWilliethings
Jesus Christ. 5 years ago and you guys won. Get over it.
God, please don't let this gorilla sign with the Canucks next year..
McCann? Couldn't agree more.
How would we have room for him? Who are you envisioning removing from the lineup? Especially when we have Shinkaruk and Gaunce coming up from Utica and Boeser following (hopefully) soon after?
Vrbata is already taking up too much space as it is. We can't replace him with another vet, if he goes we get younger, plain and simple. If not for the rest of the season then definitely by next September. We have too many prospects that need to be given a chance.
Oh god, please let LA re-sign him.
Alright, we get it, they're playing like shit.
Fair enough, all solid points. I obviously can't speak for the other guy but I guess I just misinterpreted a lot of what it sounds like Harrison said. Sorry for that and thanks for explaining!
I check during commercials or stoppages of play otherwise I only take in like half of the game.
Canucks have the sloppiest fucking changes. How do we not have this down by now?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, that post also went on to discuss a Virtanen for Hamonic trade happening, which (thank god) has not transpired. It's one thing to see a famous person retweet another famous person and guess they're dating but the real detective shit would come in on the trade part.
Pedan?
Oh I'd definitely prefer Schenn to,say, Bartkowski. I'm fine with adding him but only so long as it's not taking a roster spot from a prospect.
I'm Canadian and I say fuck em. What do we have to apologize for? Making it to the Stanley Cup Finals? Fuck outta here.
Why do we even have commentators in this game if we're just gonna listen to this couple babble on?
Other teams potentially wouldn't have as much incentive to pay big for Hamhuis, as Washington is far more likely to pay whatever it takes to get to the Cup this year with how good they've been doing.
Are those rival towns? Schools?
Plus rape. Like they know it's rape and dgaf.
This sub never lets the circle jerk die.
Every measurable way hey? Based on what? Where are these measurements?
Quantity over quality
How do you guys know these names?
"Willie if you don't shut the fuck up laugh out loud?" What?
Lol this sub is the farthest thing from an echo chamber. The only echoes on this sub are the comments we know are coming before they're even posted, which is mostly your personal content and a select few others. For the most part this sub is full of arguments and discussion and conflicting opinions, which by definition, is the opposite of an echo chamber.
Well when most of the team online forums consist almost entirely of knee-jerk Canucks fans posting at the quality of Facebook comments then that's not entirely surprising.
I'd prefer a single flag taking up the entire background
And who plays with the Sedins in this scenario?
Fair enough, never saw that. I did hear Oilers were shopping him at the deadline but obviously nothing transpired. I highly doubt Edmonton would go for Subban. He's tiny and has always been a huge question mark, and they'll probably be looking for someone they can throw in their lineup immediately. I would expect them to be looking for another Reinhart-tier trade in terms of what they're willing to give up for a better player, and a defenseman that isn't gonna spend more time in the AHL, so unlike the Reinhart trade in that respect.
I never said Hansen was a bona fide first liner, but he has excellent chemistry with the Sedins. He's fast and defensive and it compliments their style of play. He can cycle the puck and can battle hard along the boards, which was detrimental while Henrik was injured, and he's a good possession player. Burrows used to be all those things but has slowed with age and just isn't as good a fit as he used to be, and Virtanen has a long way to go before he'll be able to play in sync with the Sedins. That's what I'm saying. They tried a lot of different players with the Sedins last year. Grenier, Virtanen, Burrows, Vrbata, McCann, etc.. None of them seemed to mesh well, unlike Hansen who fit like a third Sedin. So my original question was who fits with the Sedins. We can't just throw people at the line and expect it to work, they have to play the right kind of hockey to benefit from being on their line. The Sedins aren't quite what they used to be, and can't singlehandedly do everything by themselves and then just feed the puck to score, at least they couldnt last year. Maybe Henrik will be back up to 100% this year but that's a big question mark right now. So if not Hansen, who?
Except he is completely different than Burrows because he's a poor sport. And a crybaby. Burrows is just antagonizing. Huge difference.
This is some of the greatest entertainment to every come out of politics.
You would've been shot by secret service
The original was definition waaaay better. The follow up was good buy incredibly sloppy and his wrist technique is awkward and stiff. Both good, but the original was by far the better performance. Also calling the piece not difficult is just a humble brag. It's a difficult piece, and he didn't even have it mastered. It's not the most difficult piece ever, that's for sure, but that doesn't make it elementary. I had to play that song on trumpet and it was difficult, mainly because of the tempo. Musically speaking it's pretty straight forward, but that doesn't mean it's not difficult.
Same with Shinkaruk and Bennett, no?
Because he had a shoulder(?) injury
Do they have to compete with eachother? I've seen both and fully enjoy both. Fun, wacky, creative, sporadic, introspective. One doesn't need to be better than the other, this is comedy, not boxing.
The contracts really aren't that bad, especially when comparing to what Anaheim just gave to Bieksa with $4M *and* a NMC. Everyone can agree that Sbisa didn't deserve a raise but at the end of the day its, what, $800,000 more than it should have been? Then most people were okay with the Dorsett contract after the 14-15 season and had an issue mainly with the term, which was 4 yrs and would have been better suited for 2 or 3 years. After his performance this year it didn't look as good because he didn't seem to have the same spark as the previous season. All in all though that's not debilitating or destructive long term. We have a ton of contracts coming off the books and most of our young players are on ELCs or are RFAs for the next several years. From Hamhuis to Vrbata to Burrows, Higgins, the Sedins and Miller in the next few years, the removal of Bieksa, Kesler, etc... Salary cap is not going to be a huge problem for us. Nobody should be over the moon angry about the Dorsett contract when we're paying Burrows $4.5M for the next two years. Purely from a money standpoint. Our Tanev contract is great. We'll see for Sutter. I honestly think people overhype the contracts. Obviously if every contract signed is bad it's gonna be trouble but this stage of our franchise is the perfect time to have a couple shitty contracts if we're gonna have them. This last season was pretty much the last season for a while we should be worried about cap space. Now obviously that's not a green card to go and waste money but complaining about an extra year in a term or an extra million on a contract that will be over by the time we're competitive again is silly IMO. We have a lot of issues to fix on this team but right now contracts are not our most pressing issue and having a few that aren't as nice as we'd like isn't going to cripple this team and certainly isn't proof of retarded management. Again, I'd rather pay Sbisa a little extra than have Bieksa *locked* up long term at $4M. Or Kesler at $7M. *Those* are destructive contracts. The Sedins won't re-sign at $7M. Most of our overpaid vets are on the way out. And again, all of the Sbisa and Dorsett and Miller contracts will be up by the time we're competitive again.
Lol okay buddy. Kid Cudi has been washed up for years. Saw him live and the dude forgot the lyrics to nearly every song. Embarrassing.
Just out of curiosity for anyone who knows, what was the time frame between the first rumors of relocation for the Thrashers to them actually moving to Winnipeg? If these rumors for Carolina are true, when should we be expecting shit to actually start happening?
Doesn't really matter, honestly. I need that up-to-date draft eligible prospect list. What's Be A GM mode without it?
Iirc it was Mr. Hudson that suggested it.
That's how I feel about Jealous by Nick Jonas. "You're so sexy beautiful" works a lot better than "you're so fucking beautiful"
As opposed to what? WaPo? CNN? MSNBC? Which one hasn't lost all credibility during this election cycle?
You have good parents.
It's not worth it.
It's great during summer. especially if you like hiking, fishing, hunting, etc. Relatively cheap as well in comparison to Vancouver. Other than that though there is little upside. Fine place to settle down though if that's what you're looking for. Be prepared for more rain than Vancouver though. By a lot.
And the guy you'd have to argue he's better than this year is placed three spots below him on this list. Lol WTF.
Plus Gudbranson and Virtanen once he hits his peak.
Hahahaha wow yeah totally missed that. My bad.
Which is why you give them someone like Griffin Reinhart who won't make an immediate impact at the NHL level and ruin your pick value
Sooooo... basically waivers..
Oh I entirely agree about moving Vrbata last summer. But good luck selling that to one of the most disruptive and meddling owners in the NHL who is more than likely trying to sell the team within the next few years and is therefore completely unwilling to sell anything of value for the good of the future. Seriously. People rag on Benning and Linden for this and that but at the end of the day this has been a problem since before their days. Gillis wanted the team blown up in 2012-13 but Ownership wouldn't allow it. Then we sucked, so they fired him and brought Benning in to win now. Benning then tried to explain that's not really possible and we need to tear it down. Ownership said fuck that. The Aquilinis are a destructive force hiding at the top of the Canucks organization and until they finally decide to sell the team we will never sell our Team MVP of the previous year during the off season, especially when we made the playoffs the year prior.
Except the beginning of the year basically does that, as once you've played enough professional games ie) been in the minors too long, you must be placed on waivers to be sent to the AHL. I mean, I get what you're saying with there being a deliberate draft, but the waiver system is essentially the same thing and accomplishes the same task. There are tons of players put on waivers at the beginning of the season, so many so that it's actually easier to sneak them through then than any other time. I'm not sure how this differs other than having an official event for it.
Plus what Stanley Cup chasing team has $14M in cap space? Even $7M if we max retained on both would be near impossible.
Very lucky.
Funny, I was actually thinking to myself the other day "wow it's been a while since I've read a report on some cop using excessive force" and wondered whether they just weren't being reported or if it had gotten any better out there. Guess that answers that.
Again, what are you arguing in relation to what I said? Did I say anything about Chicago? Gangs? No? Oh, okay.
Case in point: Crosby at the start of the season.
Lol.
If we take Bickell then we won't be as big of players at FA. Bickell was supposedly a part of the reason we didn't want to do the CHI trade at the TD, but that could be hearsay. I haven't paid much attention to Teuvo's performance the last season or two, how has he been doing?
Buying FA should always be something we're looking to do, even if it ends in us flipping them at the deadline or draft day for picks/prospects, something we should have done with Vrbata last summer. Free assets are free assets. Not grabbing any because you want to be a bottom feeding team for the foreseeable future is short sighted and not the way to run a hockey team.
Yes definitely that.
Wat
Typically jokes have a punchline
Baertschi is the only reason I'm okay with the Shinkaruk trade. Karma, I guess.
All you had to do was watch some of those 13 games last season when he was injured. Super depressing.
Alongside Boeser and Jost
They had some pretty slick chemistry playing for Team Sweden
The music is better than the video imo.
/1. Canucks (obviously, due to flair/username) /2. Winnipeg (Canadian team brimming with young talent + they're not divisional rivals) /3. Flames (I love hating the flames, but I do wish them the best and like a lot of their players) /4. Florida Panthers (these guys are basically Canucks 2.0 and I really love the relationship the two teams have had over the years) /5. Penguins (manage to be what should be a perennial cup challenger yet somehow I don't hate anyone on the team) /6. Toronto (despite loving to watch them flail, like the Flames I really do wish them the best and enjoy the idea of the other great Canadian hockey team, plus young teams (players) are always fun to watch) /7. Buffalo Sabres (Dominik Hasek is my favorite player of all time) - Then alllll the way at the bottom... - /28. Carolina Hurricanes (honestly 90% because of that Jersey, plus DAE Hartford?! /s) /29. Edmonton Oilers (hate the city, the jerseys, the colors, the history, the 10 years of utter darkness, the picks, the prospects, all of it. Really sad McDavid went through. Oh well.) /30. Boston Bruins (no words needed)
I couldn't care less what their opinions of us are. I don't base my feelings on those of others. I would hate the Bruins whether I was a Canucks fan or not.
That's all he does.
You're online. And this clip was available. Clearly cable is not required.
Neill isn't looking too bad either.
Him or DeBrincat if he's still available. Both players that could go far sooner in the draft if they weren't so risky.
New ownership more like it
That's not the question though, is it?
Sooooo what is Arizona giving us to jump up to #5? And why the fuck would we trade down all the way to #12? Edit: disregard, I'm an idiot.
I'm speaking from Edmonton's perspective, not Calgary's.
The last second line we ever had.
How do you pronounce that
Ovechkin, Lundqvist, The Sedins, Joe Thornton. Those are the typical answers at least.
The question was "in their career", so the answer is Ovi.
So Calgary plays the 14th against the Oilers and then the 15th against the Canucks? The season has just started why would they schedule back to back games right out of the gate?
...KneeJerk_Canuck is this your alternate?
Backup goaltenders tend not to have much value. I still think he should've couldve gone for a mid-low second but the goalie market is always fucking weird.
McDavid and Draisaitl are your 1-2 punch at center going forward. RNH isn't worth 6 million to be a third line center. Plus if you pick Dubois then for the future you're solid (potentially). More important for you to have a #1-#2 defenseman than an overpaid third liner. RNH value isn't gonna go up from here.
That's actually a good call. Vasi proved he can be a starter now, Bishops value will only go down from here on out. I could also see the Oilers making a run at him to backup Talbot.
No elite talent though. Some solid prospects but no bluechips.
Deep in the top 15. Other than that it's fairly average
Oh I forgot about your golden child. What's the timeline on him making the big leagues? Has he been signed yet?
Sorry, how? What do Markstrom and Bryzgalov have in common in the slightest?
Nothing crazy in here, but Kuzma always puts together pretty decent pieces, plus there isn't exactly an influx of quality posts here atm..
A significantly better team, apparently. Remember we beat Calgary 5-1 last year opening game iirc. And that was with last year's lineup.
October 7th.
Except at least Eichel deserved the Hobey.
As did everyone.
We don't need or want Shattenkirk. The Oilers have a more pressing need for him than we do.
How did you get involved with them?
Not to mention we literally *just* gave up McCann and the 33rd for Gudbranson, why on earth would we target Dumba?
Once a week, typically on Mondays. But yes, when they're on their missions they're not supposed to be distracted by their families or friends and are supposed to be doing their work.
Or they're just going up the order of projected players. I highly doubt Benning has shared his draft order with the Canucks YouTube media team.
I feel like he'd make an amazing 7-9 pick but is just a little too high risk to use a #5 pick on. Although I didn't pay much attention to Mississauga this year, so it could have been his teammates. He was the leading scorer on his team though.
Him and Kyle Connor.
Yeah what's even going on with you guys right now? Do you think you'll be doing a tear down in the next few years or just try to force through it? You have some good pieces but at the same time there's not a whole lot going on. Ottawa is the team I pick in Be A GM mode if I'm looking for a challenge. Obviously not real life, but still.
Well, there *is* Malcolm and Jordan
Yeah that's what I thought too. I haven't heard anything to the contrary so far.
This kid is Jonathan Drouin with a fraction of the talent.
I personally think it's a little ridiculous as is, and there should at least be compensation for the team that originally picked them in the draft.
Fingers crossed on a certain #18.
&gt; They succeeded despite their size, *which is better than someone succeeding because of their size.* Sorry, what words am I putting in your mouth? You made a point, I disagreed. You started this off by disagreeing with me, so it would seem that you *do* want to debate, you just don't want to be wrong.
Honestly, I haven't been disappointed with any of the moves so far. Obviously the McCann trade caught me off guard but I get what they're going for and I'm excited to see how it plays out. The draft is going to be an interesting day and even after the Trade Deadline and the Draft Lottery I still haven't learned not to get my hopes up. Here's to an exciting offseason.
Said everybody last offseason.
God, I want a Seattle team so fucking bad. Cmon Pacific Northwest rivalry!
No it is definitely not because it's too simplified. It is still far too detailed and complicated for them.
He'll never be a 1C on Edmonton. It's debatable how long he'll even be a 2C with Draisaitl coming.
Why would you think people would downvote this? This thread is literally talking about how a four-year removed 1st overall pick is now only worth a 3rd rounder..
That's literally exactly what I said. Why the "but"?
Wow overreaction much
Lol wow strong reaction
How is it a reach? He was ranked #74 on TSN.
Can't upset the circle jerk
According to some users on here our draft should have gone 1) Matthew Tkachuk 2) Ty Ronning 3) Ty Ronning 4) Ty Ronning 5) Ty Ronning Personally I like it. I really like Abols, Juolevi was the near-consensus best defenceman in the draft although some leaned towards Sergachev, and I like the look of a few of the others, granted, that's just from their EliteProspects page, which, atm is all pretty much any of us are judging these kids on.
Son of an NHL player means you're biasing their name over their talent, 5'9" is a huge red flag some people aren't willing to take a risk on, and wasn't choosing Virtanen because he's a local boy something this sub has crucified Benning for ever since his pick? I'm not saying Ronning would be a bad choice, but that doesn't make anyone not named Ronning a bag of dirt.
No that was just a skeleton framework for what the deal would look like. Chicago always wanted Ladd first and Hamhuis was their number two. Once they got Ladd they didn't have the pieces to get Hamhuis. Same thing happened with Dallas and Russell.
It would make sense once the Sedins step down and the new core steps in
It's funny watching our sub crash and burn over our draft choices but then all the people who actually know what they're talking about have nothing but good things to say about Lockwood and Candella.
Hard to call the near-consensus top defenceman in the draft a bad choice in any light, but you're absolutely right. It's going to be interesting seeing this kid come in and what he might be able to do. I know he's not pegged as a #1 defenceman right now and he may never be, but folks said similar things about Morgan Reilly when he got drafted as well so here's for hoping. Either way, having him and Hutton on our PPs is gonna be awesome. In my opinion, he's definitely the most "Canuck"-type player that was available to us in that top 10. Really excited for him.
Because he's an import from Finland. Not bound by the regular rules to CHL players.
But what does Ja Rule think?!
Damn. Oh well.
Yeah seriously, there isn't a better OHL team you could send him to developmentally.
You're basing this on the assumption that it's one or the other. Either we lose badly in the first round or we waste the season away and pray to the Hockey Gods we get lucky in what is now more than ever a complete crap shoot of who gets what. Both are terrible strategies for winning hockey games. How many drafts did it take Edmonton to get their shit together? Eberle Hall Yakupov Nugent-Hopkins Draisaitl Nurse Klefbom McDavid Puljujarvi Even after all that, it took literally the best player since Sidney Crosby to snap their franchise awake and finally get some blood pumping through those frozen arteries of theirs. And they *still* haven't done shit yet. Planning your entire team strategy around winning the lottery and getting high draft picks, *especially* after they changed the lottery rules and *especially* with yet another team joining the NHL and making each draft pick less valuable, and expecting somehow to come out on top is frankly borderline retarded and isn't going to get you very far in today's NHL, especially when even at your most-injured and very worst you still can't lose as good as teams like Toronto or Edmonton.
Also in a pre-lockout, pre-salarycap and pre-Edmonton-lottery world. This year was literally our worst season in 17 years. The very worst. And the *best* we got was fifth overall. That was with icing the worst Canucks lineup in recent memory, with a mind-blowingly high number of injuries to our most important and highest paid players, and even then we still walked away with no better than fifth overall. Having a high draft pick helps. No one is arguing that. But what's more important is getting quality wherever you *do* draft, making smart trades, hiring the right free agents, developing the players you have properly, making sure you systems are successful and flexible to changing rosters, a solid coaching staff, sheer dumb luck, leadership, and a fuckton of other variables. If Crosby/Malkin/Fleury were all it took to win a cup then they would have been back to the finals on more occasions than '09 and '16. Also doesn't hurt to sign your star players to contracts that are literally not even legal in today's NHL. Hockey is a team sport. If you think high draft picks alone are gonna get you there, take a good long look at Washington and literally the best scorer in the NHL in the last two decades.
Good thing all these players completely forgot how to play hockey in the last three years..
Gudbranson is supposed to be ugly?
I've always *liked* Ramin but never loved as a lot of his stuff sounded a little too studio produced especially in the strings but holy mother of god this episode completely upped the bar. That was some of the best music I've ever heard in a show or movie and fit absolutely perfectly with what was happened. The music told the story just as much as the shots. It was incredible.
There's always exceptions. It's been said a million times that the Sedins style of play (barring injury) should allow them to keep it up for a long time, as there's is a finesse game as opposed to a fast or hard style of play. And then of course there's always Jagr
Four alternates, eh?
It never looked that bad in the first place, but everyone loves to lose their shit cuz nothing ever happens around here and we're thirsty for any hockey news we can get.
And if it turns out that Clendening really is worth shit all then all we did was exchange Bonino for Sutter and swap down 15 or so places in a draft that had anything after 35 be a complete crap shoot. So then it just becomes a question about whether Sutter as a player is worth moving down a few slots, and it's obvious that the Canucks felt that was the right thing to do. In no way could that perceived as some terrible trade. Sutter seemed a better fit for the Canucks and Bonino slotted in nicely for Pittsburgh. It's not really a win-or-lose trade for either party.
He makes a good point at the end with our first round picks. We did need either a center (Dubois) or a defenseman (Juolevi)
And there will be a lot of guys coming off the books in those same years.
Fuck.
It's not "next season" people are worried about. It's not the season after that. Or the season after that. But it's the season after that, and the season after that, and the season after that and the season after that. 7 years is a long time. That's a lot of money to be giving a guy like Lucic until hes, what? 34? That's what people have a problem with.
If you think one of Bennings options is trading the Sedins for picks and prospects then you really know shit all about our team and should just shut the fuck up. Circle jerking about Benning can only get you so far.
He didn't say that. People just assumed based on positional need of a center or a defenseman and weren't wrong.
They didn't need to draft a defenseman this year. They have Nurse, Klefbom, Reinhart, etc all down the left side. They need RHD and weren't gonna get that in any of Juolevi, Sergachev, Bean, Chychrun, etc. They're only gonna get one by trading and good luck doing that in this market without giving up huge pieces.
No one is arguing that. The Sedins are untradable and until they're gone we won't be able to tear this team down and rebuild. Also ownership won't allow it. Management tried to rebuild in 2013 and were told No. And now here we are.
So did you win the game?
It's not like the other players in our organization don't have the same access to professional trainers that Bo does.
Ownership.
Nashville?
Interesting name to give him given your username
They don't work in the business anymore..
Yeah see I didn't have Twitter so him being on it made no difference to me. It's crazy to think people would subconsciously or consciously choose players based on their Twitter game. I think currently him and Markstrom are similar but yeah Markstrom definitely is a more talented goalie imo. Definitely the right choice to make, especially when Lacks agent was looking for starter money from the Canucks.
Someone's never heard of Tanev
There's a big difference between who Messier was when he signed with us and who Lucic currently is. And who Messier will be remembered as vs who Lucic will be remembered as. Messier was and is one of the greatest of all time. Top 5. Lucic will never be that.
Cracknell 2.0 lol okay
Hence why were currently treading water.
Mmmm whatcha saaay
Oof. I hadn't seen this before.
Which is why the Subban trade makes no sense.
That's fucking hilarious because I tried explaining to an Oilers fan that it would take more than 4th Overall to get Shattenkirk and I was downvoted to oblivion. Then the organization offers Taylor fucking Hall and the only thing that stops the deal is Shattenkirk not wanting to sign in Edmonton.
I mean I can't see any way they'd *want* to get a player like Kane, not *how* they're get him.
Pretty sure buddy was meaning instead of Yakupov or some other previous draft
Maybe. But the point is that at some point Edmonton should have put value in drafting a defenseman with one of their high picks. People have been saying that about their organization for years. They could have easily traded down a few spots and picked a great defenceman, but year after year they took the winger/center model of the year and now just had to give up literally their best player out of all those they've drafted (McDavid notwithstanding) to get someone they could have gotten years ago at a cheaper cost.
Those RNH trade rumors are circling again...
And that right there is the problem. Ownership meddling. I know all about how shitty and frustrating that can be.
As he shouldn't. Most of us have no fucking idea what we're talking about at the end of the day.
He didn't say a longshot to being in the NHL, he said a longshot to being a reliable NHL player. And that still is a fact until he proves people wrong. Management got rid of him because there wasn't room in our top six for him and they didn't feel he could work in a bottom six role. Now to see if it's any different in Calgary.
Gaunce is a winger now, Sutter might play with the Sedins, besides, with how many players we typically lose to injury throughout the season is having a reliable 4th line center a bad thing?
82 calendar games but yeah I get what you mean.
Yes, because every argument should be boiled down to the ultimate extremes.. /s
Didn't he sexually harass his cohost too?
Yeah imagine this team now minus Chaput Gaunce and Megan.
No. we risk to lose one of Granlund or Gaunce
I'd rather him get 20 in Utica.
True. I still can't believe they pissed away O'Reilly. Mind blowing.
He shouldn't have been third. Arizona just really wanted a Centre after they lost on McDavid/Eichel.
That might be saying a lot. They didn't even get to the finals last year.
No lineup changes.
Are you seriously asking for stats on which ideologies have overwhelmingly been behind terrorist attacks over the past few years?
Plus it's not the Sedins carrying us through to the end, this is coming as a team effort, led by Bo and Sven. This is exactly what we want. Discouraging this is actively discouraging their development.
Damnit do I have to make an alternate soon or what
Classic jerseys wtf are you talking about
Hey where's that fuckwit that was saying I was absurd for not wanting Tkachuk on our team?
God, Cyborg looks so fucking lame.
Won't matter to a liberal. They'll equate all of these to mocking disabled or retarded people.
You didn't answer the question, you just stated that it's easily accessible.
There can be fault in any teams jersey. I didn't say that from some moral superiority pedestal. Canucks historically have had terrible jerseys. Not a single one iconic. We were literally just talking on our subreddit about what kind of changes we would like to see. It's irrelevant, because I wasn't speaking on Edmontons or Nashvilles jerseys *as a Vancouver fan* in some weird way to slam a rival team. I was saying it as me, a person, not liking the colours and the way they pop on television and my personal opinions on that subject. Literally nothing to do with Vancouver or any self-identifying fandom.
Not his fault where he's being played. He's been solid, just hasn't found the back of the net much. Consistent player though.
No this guy has been around awhile.
Wow I literally hate every single person in that photo. Goddamn, CNN.
I always trade him to the Habs as the first thing I do in GM mode in NHL 17
You'd think so, but the D market is all levels of fucked up. I think a lot of people look at the Larson Hall trade as a one-off but between that and the Reinhart and Hamilton deals I can't help but think this is a growing trend in the market.
Wow is Edler sick right now wtf is going on with him out there?
Brock is a 1st around 20
Except this shows Benning is capable of finding gems in the late first. Meaning our 20th ish pick could be another Boeser.
I was watching Team America today and seeing all the celebrities teaming up with world leaders hit way too close to home. Oh by the way Hollywood released yet another bullshit video today.
That's not allowed this time around.
Literally nothing you just said is relevant to the aforementioned post.
Yeah, dude gives us Canadians a bad name.
Jayson Megna is just one of those guys that makes everyone else around him look better...by comparison.
Soooo are Rodin and Boucher even on this team or are Chaput Gaunce Skille and Megna just *that* good?
Maybe no one has given a satisfying answer?
It's not like I have any false pretences on where Rodin or Boucher are at developmentally, I'm saying why are they not being given a shot especially as a PP specialist when A) our power play is absolute horseshit and B) our entire fourth line hasn't done jack shit in the last fifteen games. It's impact on games is effectively zero. So why not at least try to change things up. It's not like they're helping us win as is.
Wow that was the fastest first period ever.
Oof, Edler why you so sloppy?
It's not certain. Just presumed.
Nope FUCK THAT SHIT At the Golden Globes backstage Q&amp;A someone asked her and Ryan if they would be attending the Trump Innauguration and EMMA STONE visibly cringes and adamantly says no like a child that just ate Brussels Sprouts. CAPS LOCK FOR VISIBILITY. Emma Stone is one of them.
Dude why are you going to such lengths to defend this bitch? https://youtu.be/timPAkdPdsM
You know it's pretty bad when you're watching it with your family and everyone in the room has figured out it's the photographer twenty five minutes before Sherlock does.
I mean, no ones exactly missing Larsen but the rest yes.
I literally saw it happen just a month ago when I saw Rogue One. Also seen it in Avengers, Lord of the Rings, etc.. Guess it depends who's in the theatre.
His eye movements and facial expressions reminded me a lot of Lauren Deluca or whatever the fuck her name was.
One-handed too.
Same side.
He's been president for like thirty minutes dude
How so? Be specific.
If you don't think he's got an army of lawyers pouring over every single possible way that democrats or any enemy for that matter could attack him over any perceived infringes on the constitution then you haven't been paying very close attention to how he runs his ship.
Oh god give it a rest.
Get that political shit out of here.
My grandfather died under Mussolini, Trump is no him.
No that's not true, and they even explain it in the fucking episode.
Just because there's a discrepancy doesn't mean it's a flaw. It's purposefully intended that way. The founding fathers were smart enough to know that a pure democracy leads to tyranny 100/100 given enough time. The representative republic was put in place to damper that. Popular vote decides the states. The states decide the president. Simple as that.
Lol nice pivot. But you're right. Trump *shouldnt* be the guy that's actually willing to stand up for the American people, but he's the only one seemingly with the fortitude and backbone to actually do it, despite the best efforts of the Corporate Media, Government Establishment, and Hollywood. It's ridiculous that it's gotten to a point where they need to turn to Trump, just like it's ridiculous that it's gotten to a point where Trump felt it necessary to step in. Shit has gotten way out of hand and people are pissed. The same people that trashed slandered and ridiculed Trump did the same thing to all his predecessors. Ron Paul is a great example of this. Bernie Sanders even, sort of. The establishment and their media attack dogs kept politically assassinating people in the public eye until all the good people were gone and someone from outside the political sphere had to step in and intervene. Hence Trump.
No thanks, we're not super keen on Germans shoving their culture down our throats, historically speaking.
That was when I finally swore off SNL. Fucking despicable. Didn't even attempt a joke. Literally just Kate McKinnon as Hilary Clinton at a piano singing fucking Hallelujah with tears in her eyes. Fucking pathetic.
It was illegal to have more than one child, hence the killing. My friend worked at an orphanage in China for ten years. All baby girls or any sort of birth defect. Most didn't make it to the orphanage.
They already have.
Yeah as a Canadian with a ton of family in Alberta this is great news.
Lol hang on you think Justin Trudeau is about to out-negotiate Donald Trump?
Seriously, that girl is a total babe.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Holy fuck. So let me get this straight, Hillary STILL can't come to terms with the fact that she lost because she's the worst person ever and America hates her, so she looks as to why Trump won and summarizes it's because he had a fucking TV show(?!) and so now the only thing stopping her from being president is not having a show of her own?! Is that the logic at play here? Are we being for real? Especially after all the talk of Trump only being in the election to drop out and get Trump TV going, this is fucking hilarious.
To the same people now upvoting and spreading this, so was the Buzzfeed Dossier. The disinformation campaign going on right now is astounding.
Hahahahaha yeah okay Trump the germaphobe goes to a hotel Obama stayed in and got Russian prostitutes to piss all over the bed. Grade A journalism there, buddy. Lots of evidence to go along with it too, so, even better.
Answer what? When he's going to sue Buzzfeed? I'm sure he's cooking something, but if he's not it's not a big deal. It's better for the story to die than to keep it in everyone's consciousness like a public trial would be, but if he wants to take it there I believe he has every right and justification to do so.
Asians refuse to be victims and instead* take their destiny into their own hands.
Does his genetic DNA still contain Both X and Y chromosomes?
Avengers was shit. Serenity and Firefly are overhyped nerd garbage. Cabin in the Woods was a remake. Buffy was the epitome of teen garbage. I dunno, am I missing anything?
Only if in the form of legal documents or identification forms.
If it were that easy then everyone would do it.
"Oh hey, I know your entire state relies on coal jobs but Jesus Christ why can't you all immediately just transition to other energy industries? Be more like California!" Jesus Christ dude lol
*He* didn't go bankrupt, certain businesses of his did, as did a ton of people during the nineties crash. Including Steve Jobs and Warren Buffett. Hell, he was the Comeback Kid of America. Life is full of adversity. Battling through it and succeeding despite setbacks is part of the American dream.
Yeah I haven't used the deport button like this since early November. Mods are asleep apparently.
Nah that was Judd Apatow but it's hard to tell all these way-too-political cuck directors in Hollywood apart these days.
Ya how dare we cheer for people in our teams organization?!
Wow really? The proposed* number one pick in the draft is still a good pick?!
"First black president" as if that means something.
Blackpill? You mean blue pill?
Seriously, all the dude had to do was A) not be Harper B) come off semi-reasonable. He got the first part right but then proceeded to patronize Canadians as if they were five year olds and tried that whole fake smile bullshit when everyone knows that's not him. Fucking ridiculous. Gave the election to a fucking ski instructor.
China doesn't have 12 million people in the United States *illegally*, that's a big difference. He'll get to China. Mexico is just more pressing because it's so much closer. Trump has been saying literally the same thing on trade with Mexico and China since the 80's.
Joker without a sense of humor
Every game Markstrom let's in a dribbler or a softy. It's exhausting.
To the American taxpayer it doesn't make a fucking lick of difference whether they're from Mexico or Guatemala or Venezuela or Brazil. Same economic strain. Same border. Saying "not all illegal immigrants are Mexican!" doesn't change the fact that *millions* of Mexicans are in the United States illegally and it's completely out of control. If we're going with broad generalizations, "you folks" always tend to argue very specific statistics or facts (ie; arguing the exact number of illegal Mexicans ) rather than just acknowledge the inherent problem that people are in the country that shouldn't be and it's having adversely negative effects on the well-being of the nation, all the while fixable. The current laws already allow this, the problem is politicians taking it upon themselves to pick and choose which laws to follow.
Yep I've been moderating pro-choice for a long time and my girlfriend is super pro-choice but we just watched that and even she was like what. The. Fuck.
What the fuuuuuuuuuuck
This has never been more apparent than during this election cycle. Got called a dirty, poor, mid southern American redneck racist that has never been outside the US and will probably live and die in the county I was born in.. I'm from Canada. They genuinely hate their fellow Americans. You would never find me talking like that about someone from Manitoba or Saskatchewan. I can't even fathom how they can have so much hate for people they've probably never even met. Crazy shit.
"The Republican Party very well may not win a general election again in this country." - Reddit and Mainstream Media circa 2015.
The Establishment is relentless.
Heresy.
And this is for four months and features countries with active operating terrorists, as deemed so by the Obama administration.
He had Make America Great Again picked out in like 2010.
They've rebranded. It's not Correct the Record anymore it's something like Media Matters or something retarded. Same shit though. David Brock is still running shit. They've also partnered up with Facebook and are acting as their judge on what is Fake News or not.
No he's still a dumbass.
I'd literally never heard of her before the Women's March.
They actually changed it a few years ago from "Don't be evil" to "Make the world a better place" or some bullshit like that.
I still don't personally get why everyone was so miffed about that. They usually point to the whole "a moon fell on him" bit, but in a universe where stations can blow up planets, ships can blow up solar systems, and planets can 360 no scope the entire Republic, what's unbelievable about using gravity to pull a moon into a planet? IMO, Chewies death was well set up, well executed, and they did a good job dealing with the aftershocks of his death. Sure it sucked to have Chewbacca died but personally I was more miffed when Anakin died than Chewbacca.
This is what I hate about these sort of games. It's always the *announcers* that have absolutely zero interest in the game. Same thing with the Young Stars tournament and even a lot of the WJCs. If they actually sounded like they gave a fuck I'm sure the tv show would be a hell of a lot more entertaining. They totally suck the momentum out of the game.
Central isn't trying enough.
Let's keep the politics out of this.
A lot.
Who his father is makes zero difference to how cute a kid is or not. Wtf dude.
Definitely a three person job.
Most of what they're saying is just Canadian slang so unless you're from there it's pretty hard to keep up with a lot of it lol. As someone from here, it's so spot on it's ridiculous.
Everything gets politicized these days. It's fucking embarrassing, especially for Canada. We're not known for this. We don't have a history of this. Such a sad day for Canadians everywhere. I called my mother and she was crying talking about having just seen it on the news.
I hope the irony of your comment is clear to you.
Just ask John Wilkes Booth.
Supporting the President of your country shouldn't be something you're ostracized over. The election is over.
I wanted Laura Ingraham.
That is how it's meant. The story of Obi Wan that tells the story of Anakin Skywalker and then the story of Luke Skywalker that finishes the story of Darth Vader.
I'm actually really worried about Emilia Clarke after Terminator Genysis.
It's like in 1984 when they've killed the act of making love and it's just a painful biological procedure that must be taken to continue your family for the good of the country. They remove all the humanity from everything.
Bit of both imo.
What so far has been done in violation of the constitution?
Not challenges to anyone with half a brain cell, but a lot of the country's brainwaves are based on outrage and emotion rather than logic and reason.
Yeah fuck establishing shots!
Hates America.
Yet the Granlund for Shinkaruk, Dahlen for Burrows, and Goldobin for Hansen were all also his deals. He also signed Granlund to a great contract. Tanev too. Baertschi as well. He also drafted Tryamkin, Demko, Boeser and Gaudette all past the mid first round. Juolevi doesn't hurt. Edit: can't forget- Bieksa for a 2nd and Lack for a 3rd + 7th. Bennings still a young GM. He's made mistakes and he'll make more but he certainly seems to be learning quite a lot on the job. There are certainly better GMs and management groups period in the league but we could and did do much worse than Benning before he got hired.
And then hit Nylander and Marner with the same offer sheets.
Bad summer for music festivals... Fyre Festival, Pemberton, RockamRing
And the New York Times has what, sustained its reputation over the past two years?
Well seeing as how he's never drank I find that scenario highly unlikely. Probably just ha a phone that doesn't autocorrect the last word. Or he decided to whip the press into a frenzy and troll them for a bit since he's been doing this since the primaries and they've been falling for it hook line and sinker every time.
Was literally anyone suggesting that?
Why do you mean! DONT YOU KNOW YOU SHOULD BE OUTRAGED BY THIS?! Be outraged! Here's forty five minutes of random alarmist hacks to tell you how to think on this VERY SERIOUS and DANGEROUS SUBJECT ~#NotMyPresident ~#Resist
And threesomes.
Yeah I genuinely have no idea what the fuck you're talking about. Sorry bud.
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/06/report-new-york-times-outed-cias-top-iran-spy/ Spelling errors aren't the only kind of mistakes that news organizations can make.
Sedins are company men. They know what to say when the cameras show up.
Or literally any of the teams listed
What are you even talking about and how is that possibly relevant to the conversation?
How could it possibly be a need and not a want when you have a team that up until this year has been perennially chasing the cup and is years from a rebuild.
Are you seriously suggesting it's hyperbolic grandiose hero worship to suggest that a guy can choose to not drink alcohol after he watched his older brother consumed by it? I watched my older brother get destroyed by heroin and vowed never to do it. Am I suddenly a Kim Jong Un level character? Is the concept of going straight edge really that alien a concept for you?
Current Canuck Jayson Megna. If he's gone already and i didn't know about it then Cramarossa.
The Sedins and Eriksson are still quality players regardless of contract or last years productions. Sutter is a solid third liner, I have no problem with him in that position. He kills penalties and shuts down players giving Horvat more offensive opportunities. That being said I'm completely opposed to him on a line with Granlund and Goldobin IMO he'd be better on the 4th line but I'd put Granlund with the Sedins and Eriksson with Sutter personally. Dorsett is a solid 4th liner. Gaunce is whatever he's still young. I don't really have a problem with any of this lineup for where the Canucks are in their lifetime.
I have zero problem with Horvat and Baertschi getting second line minutes.
Tell that to Washington.
"...he's so badass! But so dumb! But so badass!"
And the entire Ginyu Force.
How else is Goku going to go to the next level in his transformations?
That's the entire point. We don't need to be doing the Maple Leafs any favours. If they want a RHD Top 4 20-24 mins a night in his prime on a cheap contract then they gotta pay more than they'd ever want to pay. In the last three years they added Matthews Marner and Nylander to their lineup. If they're not giving up anything of value then why the fuck are we trading with them? We don't have to. If we trade with Toronto we are essentially gifting them a deep playoff run without taking a single roster player back. Ya fuck that. If a team like Toronto who's going through similar shit to the Canucks right now then they pay up or we don't trade. There are about 10 other teams we could trade Tanev to, and it doesn't have to be this year or ever. Tanev is a very important piece of this team and we have nothing to replace him with. Trading for Tanev should hurt Toronto. Toronto fans shouldn't be excited to steal our top defenceman for AHL scraps. We don't need more Goldobins. If Toronto doesn't want to do a trade under those conditions, FINE. Again, we don't need to trade with Toronto. This isn't about making a fair trade for both teams. Fuck Toronto. I want their fans livid after a Tanev trade until they realize how good he is, much like the Larsson trade. Not saying we need a Taylor Hall but we need the team we're trading with to actually be giving up something important to their team. It boggles my mind that people don't understand leverage. There are a dozen teams looking for a RHD this summer. Let them come knocking. The price is SUPPOSED to be sky high. Either they bid war against eachother and pay a ton or the deal doesn't get done and we keep our best defenceman which IS NOT A LOSS TO US. losing Tryamkin was a massive loss for our blue line and we're in no position to Be trading more defenceman right now as if we have depth there. Trading Tanev will absolutely cripple this team. Hence why we *only do it* if it's a mindblowingly awesome deal that fans of other teams hate. Burrows, a 35 yr old Left Wing grinder got us Dahlen. Hansen, a 30+ yr old Right Wing grinder got us Goldobin. If people here can't understand market value and how retardedly overpriced Right Handed Defencemen on cheap contracts in their prime are, then I don't know what to tell you but thank god you're not the Canucks management. The asking price *should* be the sky, teams fans *should* hate our trade proposals, and there is nothing wrong with that. Besides, you always start sky high when haggling anyways to ensure you get the best deal. When people suggest Drouin or Nylander for Tanev, it's not because they think that's a fair deal for both sides. They just realize that's what we should be asking for. We need a win. Tanev doesn't need to be moved. If we want to move a defenceman for picks and B level prospects then we look at trading Edler. Tanev doesn't move unless teams are bending over backwards to acquire him.
They still could. Or they could have just evolved from something besides monkeys. However, since the last episode has Caulifla calling Kale monkey names as an insult I'm sure they're going to do something.
And you show up in every r/Canucks thread related to Tanev to make sure we are all aware of your wonderful knowledge. Thanks for the insider tip, bud.
I feel like Hamonic is worth more. I'm not sure why though. Eberles value has got to be pretty low right now. Like shopping Yakupov, only a slightly higher price.
Hang on is he cheating on us with you guys?
Ovechkin.
Tippett has been going low constantly. C&gt;W and there's nothing that really separates Tippett from the centers so he falls.
Or something truly horrible.
Source?
Heiskanen that low, hey?
Didn't make my list as a mock draft as to which teams are gonna take whom I just made my list for how I would pick. Also wanted to do something a little different than what everyone else was doing.
I listen to them all but honestly have no idea which of them is which. They're all just the TSN voices to me. I don't listen to their shows for them though, just their guests. Specifically, Button, Ferraro, McKenzie, etc and of course when they have on team members or management. Again, don't know which is which, but I REALLY don't like one of the TSN voices. Always makes things seem like a bigger deal then they are and puts way too much emotion into sentences that don't warrant it. Too much inflection. Hard to describe.
That's a hell of a lot of conjecture. Glass might get picked but it won't be for a single reason you listed.
What? It's like "Stay classy, San Diego." Or "That's all folks." It's a sign-off tag. It's supposed to be the same. Each broadcaster or television anchor has something that is unique to them. How do you find fault in that?
That being said, Sutter plays actually nothing like Kesler. Why anyone would want him on the PP is beyond me. PK sure. Goldy, Boeser, Horvat, Baertschi, Sedin, Sedin and/or Eriksson should be our power play forwards. It is disingenuous to our team to keep trying to force Sutter into a role he's really not built for.
"How incredible of an opportunity is it to.."
Garret and Shorty are national treasures.
That's a clever way of saying he has no new ideas.
Makes no sense to trade him for Brodin.
Seth is one of the heads of Americans for a Better Tomorrow or whatever the fuck it is with *Alec Baldwin* that specifically gives money to democrat campaigns and against republicans. Pretty sure they're Soros funded as well although it's been a while so im not positive.
He's still in the Red Pill incubation phase. Give him some time. He didn't take his first red pill until just a few months ago with Sweden.
Trump knows Soros personally, there's no way he doesnt. Not to mention the featured Soros specifically in their campaign ads under globalists and currency manipulators.
I remember when MacKinnon was going to be a franchise player. Sad to see what happened with him.
Everyone and their dog knew that Chychrun was the most NHL ready defenceman in the draft. That wasn't something Arizona magically discovered upon drafting. I don't think he should have fallen all the way to 16(?) but looking at the other defencemen taken ahead of him (Juolevi, Sergachev, McAvoy) id say that he's right about where he should be in the draft. Dude is good now because he has an NHL body. He doesn't think the game that well and projects as a solid #3-#5 guy at his peak.
Franchise as in Face of the Franchise, I'm assuming.
Both the Jordan Peterson ones are next level. Dude is a Canadian national treasure
Yeah how weird for people to have political opinions.
Mark Messier (fuck Messier) broke three of Trevor Linden's during the '94 Stanley Cup finals and Linden played through it. Hockey players are nuts.
Dude is one of our best PKers and FO% how the living hell is that not cut out for the Center position?
Wow great statistical analysis. Can't argue with those facts.
They're paying her to be Katniss Everdeen as a member of the x-men. I haven't seen an actor forced so hard into a role in a comic book franchise in recent memory. They've nearly completely given up even pretending that she's supposed to be mystique, let alone keeping her up with the original character. To me her as mystique is as bad as Eric Fordman as Venom, only with a much more prominent role, which is even worse.
That's pure conjecture. You've found a narrative and are running with it. It's either expose Sutter or expose Gaunce. Wow hard choice. An established 3rd liner who can score 20 goals or a AHL tweener who has scored 0 goals in 57 NHL games. Sutter is paid $500K-$750K more than market value. The day we lose any young talent to the salary cap people get to say told you so on the Sutter contract but UNTIL THAT POINT IN TIME IT LITERALLY DOES NOT MATTER HOW MUCH THE AQUILINIS PAY HIM TO PLAY IN VANCOUVER. That's less than a million dollars we could spend elsewhere. Big fucking whoop. It is beyond retarded to give up Sutter for free simply because of a couple bucks. I can't wait for the expansion draft to be over so people can stop with this retarded narrative. Benning has shown he has no issue trading or getting rid of a player that he signed or traded for, especially just to save face. Bonino got moved within a year of being here. Do people forget that? Clendening got moved. Etem got dropped. Vrbata got dropped. You wanna talk about contracts talk about Eriksson but there is no way Benning is "saving face" by keeping Sutter. We're a shitty team that has a golden opportunity in the expansion draft (and one of the only teams in this position) to not lose any quality players in the expansion. How people think there's anything more to it than GOOD ASSET MANAGEMENT is beyond me. Especially given that most of the people clamouring for exposing Sutter are the exact same people that raised hell because we gave up an extra piece in CLENDENING of all people in that trade.
Pretty ridiculous to complain about paint when you're being paid something like $10M for a years worth of work.
Like who? They've been very clear what they're looking for.
This is about Media nowadays across the board, not just sports media.
Look at all the hotshot prospects we've lost due to salary cap issues since Sbisa got signed!!
That's the point. We get more time to assess him properly.
Or at least picking who they picked at 1 and 2.
Edler and Columbus' 2nd?
McDavid for Bonino
Put them together?
If you're not going to watch anyways then why do you care why others do or how the show is broadcast seeing as how, again, you aren't planning on watching?
Would have.
Hischier isn't even a sure thing.
Not to mention Vegeta, Kakarot, Raditz, Broly Or Bulma Briefs, Trunks Briefs, Bra Briefs Or Piccolo, Tambourine, Drum
It's underwhelming and uninspired. Easily one of the worst in the league. It's boring and looks like something a generic jersey would have as a placeholder.
That's a pretty silly thing to say. There are plenty of fans that already follow multiple teams or have multiple favourites, especially one in each conference. It doesn't make you less of a fan to like more than one player or team. And even if it did, who the fuck cares? It's like arguing that since you like Marvel movies you can't like DC movies.
Yeah and then he had a worse season than the previous year. At least Abols production went up.
Ugh thank fucking Jesus Christ she's not president.
Yeah I was literally admitting I was getting all PC bullshit and that I didn't like t but was doing it anyways
Just goes to show what other people think about Shinkaruk
"Slander is spoken. In print is libel."
0 goals in 67 games? Yeah Gaunce is a replacement level fourth liner. Sbisa was better than expected this year and was a serviceable third pairing defenceman.
Building for the future. That $500M expansion fee is gonna net them enough picks and prospects to build a true competitor within the next five years.
Stanley Cup Contender to Purposefully Tanking For Picks
Stuck behind three superior centres?
Better comparison: how'd the last deal Chia made with Snow turn out? Didn't he just get shipped to Vegas for nothing?
Lol I think there are a million and one reasons why that Reinhart deal shouldn't have been done but the expansion draft is not one of them. If he was actually good and if it wasn't a horrible trade then he would have been protected. The fact that he was exposed at all especially with no deal that the trade shouldn't have ever been done.
Only great news if you don't like Mittelstadt as the pick. Seems silly to have such an editorialized headline. Also specifically mentions that they have other choices there too, so Mittelstadt could still very well be the guy. That being said I find it unlikely but it's not like Mittelstadt would be an awful choice.
Okay that's fine but functionally they mean the same thing.
A hater.
Erhoff for PPQB Hamhuis for Shutdown Salo for One-Timers Edler in his prime before injuries Bieksa for grit We had a solid D core. No number one but all solid pieces.
And it's not like the current administration is even anti-torture. Trump is a firm believer in never taking anything off the table, it's Mattie that convinced him not to do it.
Not anymore they aren't. They're horrendous defensively now.
I'm not sure how that disproves my point. The Sedins are old and shells of their former selves. Not sure how that's even controversial.
He almost certainly can.
Or Petterson
Any of Glass or Vilardi or Petterson will be a good pick. Relax.
Highest IQ in the draft. This is a risky yet ballsy and potentially amazing pick.
Smartest kid in the draft. Backstrom-esque. Huge chemistry with Dahlen.
Meh, the further he falls the better the team he ends up on, granted he doesn't fall to the next round.
No just that BBQ steak vid.
I'm sure a lot of the people here are as wel.
This kid fucking killed the Combine.
OP jinxed it.
Nu-Duclair
Jokiharju
Especially given how far players like Kostin, Liljegren, Yamamoto and Tolvanen went.
Similar to Mittelstadt in that regard. Really glad we don't have to worry about that for the next few years.
Especially with a 6'2 frame. It's not like he's Kailer Yamamoto at 5'7
No, the media was pretty high. Some of us thought you were all barking mad to get so amped on Cole Cassels.
Tryamkin?
I'm so happy with Vancouvers picks in this draft holy shit.
The late rounds are great for these risky picks. Everyone loved the Yamamoto pick and that was way higher. Same size player essentially, but heavier than Yamamoto.
What happened to our NCAA scouting this draft?
And picked around where Virtanen could have/ should have been picked.
I found it more cringey that they were trying so hard to embarrass him on national television and the happiest day of his life.
Lol good luck he didn't even put up 50 in the OHL last year.
It's never taken that long. SSJ3 was a couple minutes as was original SSJ transformation.
Or he can call himself whatever he wants. Nobody cares, especially on a hockey subreddit, not a political one, what you think of the Republican Party. This isn't the time or place for that.
Alright, fine. IMO he's perfectly capable using the term Republican instead of conservative. Trump is the first US President to enter presidency openly supporting gay marriage. His administration has taken many steps to ensure protections of gay rights, to the chagrin of some of the old republican guard. Trump completely hijacked the Republican Party and they hate him for it. The Republican Party has opened up to a slew of social issues while making their emphasis on Law &amp; Order, hence the support for Police, for Immigration Control, Border Control, and a crackdown on Radical Islamic Terrorism both home and abroad. Trump spent most of his life a democrat, only joining the Republican Party to run for President. Many people were worried that with catering to the Bible Belt crowd that he would adopt an Anti-Gay platform, but he never did. Along with the Law &amp; Order comes enforcement of existing laws, but there are already massive movements to get weed legalized as seen in many states and it's only a matter of time before that goes further. And then of course he couldn't be more supportive of the Second Amendment. So a gay guy protecting his weed with a machine gun actually sounds more like a Republican today then at any time in history. You don't have to hide behind labels like Conservative or Libertarian, Republican can work fine. The Republican Party is pretty split right now between a myriad of ideologies from Neocons to Libertarians and Tea Partiers to classic liberals to classic conservatives and the New Republicans which currently lead the party under Trump, namely and most importantly Trump himself. The days of McCain and Graham and the other crackpot neocon globalists is over and the Republican Party has changed *significantly* over the past two years. Hell, during the RNC Ivanka was on stage talking about Women's Rights, Gay Rights, and Mothers rights. If anyone would have expected that even a couple years ago you'd be insane.
ALL GODDAMN DAY AND I AM FREAKING PUMPED!!
Stay on target...
This is why it's absolutely pointless anytime someone suggests trading them. I instantly tune out because logistically it literally is not possible. They will stay together and stay in Vancouver and once their contracts are up we'll go from there.
Neither of those players project like either of those players. The next time we challenge for a cup our team's DNA will be significantly different than the 2011 team. The game changes and we change with it.
Hahahaha hurr durrr Benning amirite?!
Soft goals are soft goals. It's one thing to have defensive breakdowns but having guys score off the rush with a weak shot from the far side of the circle is indicative on the goalie over anyone else. Edit/Clarification: Me saying a goalie lets in weak goals does not equal me saying "Vancouver is great and amazing and their goalies have never let a puck into the net."
The whole point of an insider is to get the rumours. If there are rumours, we hear about them through people like Friedman. Otherwise we'd all just follow the official team twitter accounts for their official updates.
Not really. He's dressed like your typical emo kid and he has messy hair and massive black circles under his eyes. That's a pretty far jump from the essence of Light Yagami who is *supposed* to be a ultra popular good looking and smart kid aka the typical heroic protagonist which leads to nobody expecting him of being so evil in the first place.
Tkachuk or Veleno possibly. Far too early to tell. Everyone thought Liljegren and Vilardi would challenge for top 3 this year and same with Chychrun last year.
Nobody's taking time away from Juolevi *if* he's ready.
Not really. Sign any of the cheap free agents that are available. Wow, so hard. We're gonna suck no matter what. No use stressing about it.
We have the funniest President boys. And I say we even though I live in Canada cuz I sure as fuck ain't supporting our little princess doll of a Prime Minister.
It was because he looked like Peter and they probably wanted some form of duality between them to show how Peter would turn out if he kept up with the suit.
They got old and slow.
