I have ADHD. From the scientific papers I've read and looked at, about 6% of the population likely has it, and the medication rate is under 3%, and so it's likely extremely under prescribed. Additionally, medication is one of the best and most effective treatments for ADHD, alone and in conjunction with alternative coping mechanisms. For many people it makes you a better student, gives you a push towards equality when it comes to mental ability, and is an excellent improver for quality of life. That being said I think the article is hilarious and doctors often don't give a shit and medication is advertised directly to consumers and that's fucked up.
Nothing, it just speaks to the fact that people see normal levels of high energy or "just being a kid" as equivalent to the mental challenges associated with ADHD or something similar and suggests it's "taking the easy way out of parenting" as opposed to providing a ladder to overcome some of the devastating and omnipresent handicaps that are part of a mental disorder.
Some people prefer not to go anywhere they might accidentally be caught feeling happy.
"Baby, I call this position the 'Donkey Sauce."
Ah, you must work in Labor Optimization.
Nuance paid a hefty bribe, and yet still refuses to return the key engineers they've kidnapped.
My new favorite audiobook, The Practicing Mind, talks about this in a very similar way. Focus on the process, not the result. A goal is like sailing to the horizon; useful to point your ship in that direction and start sailing, but very unhelpful to constantly compare yourself to where you're at and be disappointed when you're not already at the goal/perfect. I recommend it to everyone, I believe it is still on sale, and I approve of this thread's message.
That's why I have Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2, but no 3.
Other retail stores, like mine, send them back to the manufacturer or vendor for credit or warranty swapping as often as possible.
NO REFUNDS
"If these assholes will buy Bad Rats, throw some other stuff on there and see if they actually buy it."
"I was on the computer, and I was drinking..."
/r/loseit is a great resource if you need anything.
Not only are you right, I am reminded of [this.](https://youtu.be/WsnXQdkqChg)
I do very much enjoy the relatively small amount of calories a nice beer has, at the end of the day.
When I was talking to my Director about it, I got the impression the reason we mainly did them was for insurance.
Was it Lastpass?
Alright, Immanuel Kant.
The side effect of being the wizard is everything looks like alchemy to the layman.
You're only halfway on your charms cert, don't risk our magic smoke SLA with that wand in production.
It is a feat of engineering to use a parchment &amp; quill pen while crysterbating with the other hand, I tell you what.
Microsoft Genuine Advantage 10, Brought to you by the Winrar Licensing Enforcement Team
We needed more Letters
I read the description first, and so I found it incredibly difficult to watch. What a lovely human being. What a loss.
If the final picture in the set went first it would be very much an IICBG.
Is this not an unusually big mushroom?
And a cup of love and a lifetime license
Easy account based WAN/internet access and smart offline caching are the killer Plex features for me.
I am an average looking guy, not a model but not bad. I have had some crazy sexual experiences with some weird looking girls.
I love my slow treadmill walk glued to my phone, though. That's like the best way to watch Netflix.
Throw-away burgers perfectly encapsulates a diet, a lifestyle, and an attitude.
We promised you 40 acres and a mule, friend.
Literacola for prez 2016
http://imgur.com/ZfLpG
Wait, are you saying the exact thing that made the walled garden better is something 90% of people don't want or need?
Isn't the 9$ CHIP allwinner too?
I agree with you. A lot of the organizations make me uncomfortable or seem not really to be about advocacy. I consider myself a feminist as well as a supporter of men's issues, and I think there are organizations that I wouldn't support, even though I support the overall objectives of the movements.
It's a down economy and we are running a deficit.
I'm not a huge fan of rebooting my phone every couple hours and keeping it from getting too hot.
Because the store wants to retain the customer, or doesn't want the risk of the customer using a stolen card or charging back the original payment.
Cell phones would be hot, and will be, but be careful. I work in the industry and have seen a lot of retailers go out of business. One store would be prohibitively difficult to merchandize, outfit &amp; gamble on making money.
Yeah that actually seems secretly more racist.
Whatever the hell was going on there this is clearly a man who marches to the beat of his own drum, and grabs life by the horns. The drum is likely extra terrestrial in nature.
I get a screen protector on every single phone I buy, which is a lot, because I work in the cell industry. They're getting better, but they still scratch and they still break, every single screen. I'd rather have a tempered glass protector break and peel it off then have a worthless phone that costs more to repair than it's worth, or deal with damage &amp; beating it up.
I have the OnePlus One but with an 801 and the software it feels faster than the HTC One M9.
Three quarters of Ryse: Son of Rome was QTE or similar and I very much enjoyed it.
I wouldn't buy a crappy one, and often the accessory kiosks might as well say "we took the time to buy this off EBay for you." There are some cool brands with lifetime warranties on the glass, fingerprint resistant, and just all around nice to use. And nothing beats having a phone exposed to sand, coins, keys, laptop bag, and 3 - 9 front pocket drops onto concrete or tile or the like, and it looks just as good as the day it came out of the box. "
I agreed with you until you used faggot as a pejorative. Your condemnation and tone is inappropriate and rude. You should know better.
Thanks for sharing. The mechanics of safety can be less flashy looking, but they are part of the real and make it sound less like movie. I've always tended towards more open experiences and many partners, and you have encouraged me that it's a good path to be on.
Mostly 4chan looks down on all it's individual members as well, they are all shut in weeaboo NEETs and whatnot. So it hates everything, itself most of all.
This is the line that lept out at me, as well.
I think society absolutely supports being obese and living unhealthy and inactive lifestyles. No human being is perfect and if someone is challenged by something it's not "just" making sacrifices. I have no problem "just" eating every day because I don't have anorexia. I do have trouble staying organized because I have attention deficit disorder. I find it easy to read books and educate myself, and some people it is a huge undertaking or easy to put off. What is effortless for some is a mountain for others. That's why they don't "just" do it.
I absolutely agree. Fph should absolutely be allowed to within its own space to mock, joke, say, discuss and believe terrible things. The bright line test of belief and speech is always from an unpopular, controversial or reviled opinion; there would be no argument if it wasn't. But our consensus, and our broad strokes of what is right and good, were once revolutionary and radical and insane ideas, and it was not through permission alone that they came to be the zeitgeist. I think the central core of democracy is the idea that every man (and woman) should seek out and weigh the truth for themselves, and not solely allow others to dictate what is truth. I believe democracy is the idea that the marketplace of ideas is strongest and best when operated not through force, but through dialogue and influence. To quote Dale Carnegie, "A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still."
You're pretty comfortable showing your mother's button off like that.
/r/gildedgonewildbutkeepingitsafeandresponsible
Hey, if you don't want to look, then just keep your eyes down when I start dancing. This booty was born to rock.
Yeah, me either. Maybe like 3. Anyway, I can quit whenever I want.
I think [this](http://go.ted.com/baW8) is a relevant and intelligent breakdown of infidelity.
Discerning gentlemen know that the wang is the thang to hook a proper lady.
Washington, I keep it at 65 just so my feet don't wake me up feeling cold.
Hit her back.
You take those feelings, put them up inside, and then, eventually, you'll die.
Esse quam videri
I'm assuming yoga is different from "yoga"
Are they old guys? Only old dudes force stories on you in my experience.
&gt; low-content extraverts. Yes. Yes.
ADHD brah
I think that's true. It's like, women can work and be independent and strong. Same goes for me, though. I can be sad and scared and feel like crying. I'm just as much of a man if I don't pay for dinner, or make enough money, or feel weak and vulnerable.
Yeah, man.
This is even fucking worse because usually what is aggressive is "just past when I like it or are attracted to you." I hate it. The only winning move is not to play.
Why not both?
My whole life is not a malpractice case, though. I'm a human.
Being a creep is so insidious because what you do and what you say ultimately doesn't matter. It only matters if it succeeds or fails, and if it fails you're done. All you can do and all you can say is nothing.
For you. For the girl next to you, it's not forward, it's a felony.
My crush in elementary school told her friend to tell me she thought I had a nice butt. I remember everything about that moment and how awesome it was.
The catharsis when you remembered the show was like an orgasm of the soul.
And impressed
Hell yeah. -phone guy
If you move my keys or wallet you might as well rearrange my cerebral cortex.
Every time we went hiking and took the chairlift up or down the mountain I would spit off the side. 15 second fall. It was mesmerizing.
Two things made me cry like a waterfall. The day my grandmother passed away. And when Ash was petrified.
I have zero problem with being involved with women who have multiple sexual partners and do not avoid "sluts." So that post hoc explanation is out the window.
R2: "List the various federal and state constitutional violations that you imagine occurred..." Among other things, basing a lawsuit on imagination alone will almost certainly fail, with the exception of imaginary patents [here.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_District_Court_for_the_Eastern_District_of_Texas)
I know, I think it's awesome. I just want the post to stay up.
B-but I took this whole LLLD cert and everything...
I'll send you a laminated copy.
AdviceAnimals knows what it is, and accepts that.
I've been working on it, but it's a challenge, as I am cripplingly unlikable.
Someone will still be king of the ruins.
May the Sauce bless the coming and going of him.
I didn't see it until the second time I watched
M'lady doth favor the Wing King.
I've got the transcripts right here...
God damn I love me some Audible.
Trying to set up Sickbeard was a nightmare for me. I gave up.
That's ridiculous. And I thought it was disgusting that the DMCA could make it illegal for me to break into my own media to make a legal backup copy.
&gt;You ~~bastard.~~ semi-parental legitimist.
Double Douche Association of America
I work at the cell phone company. They absolutely do try. They are also upset their service is turned off mere weeks to months after not paying.
Ahh, organ repo. I like it.
Plus it helps dull the disgust and disappointment you married a female and not you "best friend" Charlie from church camp.
Nah they have 3 year cell phone contracts, that's basically Nazi Germany.
I thought "bad legal advice commentary" in the sidebar meant it would be kosher. Plus it's amazing. Should I post myself in bad legal advice?
Something something Zydrate.
They even bought a dog.
That's what parody is. It's one of the pillars of free speech and Fair Use.
Tell it to the judge, you're under arrest.
I'm unable to answer that question when asked at a conversational volume.
STOP RESISTING!!!
Is that a rhetorical question?
Sounds like you're a straight shooter with upper management potential.
Wow, you crumble under pressure faster than my dad's expectations.
I like to imagine this is the origin story of a damn fine OSHA inspector.
I can feel the gaping maw of insecurity though space and time.
So you're McLovin.
I would love to see net account level based off of shadowbanned accounts during the same time.
Yeah, wouldn't want to make it weird.
Thank you, based mods.
Man I'd think if you had hyperfocus you'd have the "inability to filter or weigh relative values of attention catching things" at least sometimes.
What do they ban?
Which lounge?
Just wait until the next go around.
"Here lies /u/jotebe. 2009 - 20XX. INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR MEANINGFUL ANSWER."
Or to raise rates and then get additional money while adding no value.
It's not sexy, but damn if I don't appreciate a five star glittering red flag to warn me to get out of town.
I wish I knew if someone had trich so I could be nice to them and tell them they aren't a freak.
Sure but you better manage your local backups like a hawk and don't blame the phone guy when you lose 5 years of contacts and photos because you washed your phone and it exists no where else.
I feel sorry for you.
That's where I started my train wreck merit badge collection, too.
If it's not Biblically relevant to legally divorce when they're commanded to not divorce, then there should be absolutely zero "biblical" opposition to legally sanctioned gay marriage.
Got it. For whatever reason your posts came across as justifying or disputing the hypocrisy of the divorce, not just asking for a bible quote.
I'd recommend The Practicing Mind, an excellent book about focusing on the process, not stressing about the result, and living mindfully in the moment. I think being the best you can be is good. I think being present in the moment is both an effective process and a worthwhile "goal." Maybe I read into it, but when you talk about ambition and aspirations it sounds to me like accepting a dartboard of things to be and things to do from others, constantly compare yourself to those ideals, and then speak poorly to and criticise yourself when you are not at the ideal result. That is exhausting.
This sounds very manipulative. Please get a lawyer today, don't agree to anything or sign anything. Please update us if your lawyers says it's okay.
The audio book was recently on sale for a dollar read by the author. Also good. Hope you enjoy.
On the other hand, there are quite a few streamers who have accidentally streamed themselves masturbating and whatnot.
Never got to use slack before. I'd be interested.
For like 65% of all phone issues, yes.
We'll see
Trigger warning: ignorance
Interesting. Sometimes the network does freak out.
Did the faculty member's name rhyme with Shmillary Clinton?
It's like recording snippets of what a doctor says while trolling in his waiting room, then being upset when doing those things he mentioned, in order, doesn't add up to medical care.
~~Yes it should work.~~ Edit: wait, no, they probably bill on delivery of the message, being unable to download it wouldn't change that.
T-Mobile actually started it, and then the ITU said that HSPA+, Wimax, as well as LTE and LTE-Advanced counted as 4G connectivity.
On what phone?
I work in retail and that's basically how it was.
I remember taking a course on network tech a few years ago on CSP, it talked about LTE and LTE advanced. It was pretty good, actually.
Damn. I am not only touched, but inspired by the fortitude of these two boys. This photo gives me the feeling in a moment that they are and will honor their lost friends.
Very tempting design. It looks great.
Go back to co.uk, yah damn netbacks. Murica.net
&lt;3
http://www.forbes.com/sites/parmyolson/2014/01/24/3-reasons-to-be-wary-of-secret-sharing-app-whispers-claim-to-anonymity/
I said, a liter'a'cola.
If it's in your hands, you have to accept uncertainty, and also must actually take action.
If it makes you feel any better, as a phone store guy, a removable battery is absolutely no guarantee of it surviving, nor is it impossible for a non removable phone to get wet and live. It's a roll of the dice every time.
"There ain't no spacelight on it, son."
Jokes on you my soul can never rest again
[Sidebar](http://imgur.com/YbU2P8W)
You might be a Klingon if...
So exactly how long does it take before you get to call it the science of Psychohistory?
No data loss, right?
No data loss?
Awesome, flashing now!!
I am running stock COS12/CM12S, rooted. I'm sure I'll have to re-root, but other than that I'm not worried!
Fads till I die
Is audio capture a plugin ability? Maybe microphone is the permission to access the hardware. I can look at this on my Chromebook when I get home.
I was really wondering if you were being facetious, but then I realized you meant there isn't enough audited code to successfully build the Debian project alone, and not there was *no* code auditing.
I feel like you're not really being a Team Player about our Synergistic Value-Adds, Bob.
You're right, this is a much better article. I celebrate this young man's success knowing he lives with integrity for his values, which I find admirable, and knowing he is treating his economic windfall with wisdom, which will provide for him in the future. Great /r/FI stuff.
But those bars transform into $45 dollars worth of calories when you are hungry at an airport.
I did a great job on this sentence because it perfectly represents the ,four things I was talking about at the time so it will be clear for sure
Awesome!
"Hhellomyfriend!"
Son of a Beesting why did I not notice that before?
You're correct! Technically correct!
Could = realistically, no, never.
Sounds like a huge financial risk. Even quality merchandize with a profit margin will sink you if it takes too long to sell, or you put too much money into it.
Woooo!
So basically you'd like them to bring back the Nuremberg Trials just for you.
Of course you haven't, dealers don't touch their own product.
Atlanta Sex Nights?
So will President Strike Drone.
On what rom? To what? What recovery are you using?
Yes. But you can immediately reroot with TWRP. That's what I did, right after the update.
More like $25, honestly.
Texas really, really likes guns.
I can't stop wearing my ass, though.
This is my next wallpaper, as well. Beautiful writing.
Reminded me of [this.](http://piecomic.tumblr.com/post/78680666729)
Wow, this one is really bad. Goddamn who cares.
Yes, if you have "update recovery" checked in settings. Otherwise, no. Yes you can.
And this holds up legally?
I'm tearing up a little just thinking about this. Fuck.
That's good to know. It sounds good, but I can't ask my attorney for free and sometimes it's hard to tell if it's legit or "they have to tell you they're a cop if you ask"
It's what I'm wearing [today!]( http://imgur.com/C6kXjNS)
Just they wait until the Nerevarine gets back.
No. Not without incident.
Some subs move slowly, and that's okay. Don't worry!
The 5.1.1 just made my launch day Nexus 10 fast as hell. I was honestly amazed. I bet it would be even faster if I did a wipe and cleaned out the years of cruft I've downloaded, but... Eeh. Lazy.
For videos and browsing reddit? Absolutely.
"Shitpost one word commenter" about covers my dialogue contributions in real life.
Well I hope your blog is nice and comfortable living in my RSS feed, now.
Sprint doesn't unlock iPhone 5 for domestic use.
I'm still upset I didn't sell an Optimus G Pro when it was worth anything (if it helps)
Many recoveries can clean it without root.
Do it today, son! 5.1.1 makes it amazing.
Ayy
I would file a police report on the person who sold it to you.
The state creates nihilism?
Chargeback if they shipped you the wrong thing and won't make it right!
Well meaning truck drivers who non negligently kill or maim 2 dozen pedestrians
I'll go halfsies on a Duke.
I agree, they were high.
These guys have been killing it for two decades.
That is an "attractive nuisance" and no jury in the world will blame me.
I forgive her if she has rocket boosters.
She should have been lavender with appreciation.
/r/theydidthemonstermath
Don't tell me what to ~~do~~ drink
&gt; and they'll stab you in the neck in a cocaine heartbeat for an extra 2% in their paychecks. God damn the imagery is real
No underage partners or sexual assaults, the guy isn't intensely political or specifically talking down people who do what he did, like Ted Haggard, said he clearly couldn't continue to be the pastor after he got caught &amp; fessed up... Honestly I think it could have been worse.
I don't doubt that, honestly. Sounds like the wavelength of wisdom the esteemed President took for counsel.
I wish we could.
Would appreciate an invite if you're still checking this thread, thanks!
Antique Roadshow will never sell out, though.
He cannot, Care is full of lies.
An iPhone 5S, 5C, 6, and 6 Plus purchased after February 2015 will automatically be unlocked for domestic use once the contract/phone is paid off. Any other device can get a Master Subsidy Unlock which isn't actually a domestic sim unlock, and as far as I can tell, is worthless.
You're paying the going rate for 10gb and getting 15, and you have a really sweet work discount. That's quite nice.
Is that the service summary, or the actual bill? is there a 40$ charge that has a discount for mobile share savings? If not, are these smartphones you bought outright on phone numbers that signed a contract after February 2014?
AFAIK Retentions has standard offers to retain customers, and doesn't do specific deals like a price match normally.
You see, MY favorite misc. Celebrity is different.
Yeah this feels like a "soccer mom grinds her teeth while desperately putting on the façade" forced post
The solution is obviously to set the NAS to image copies of the NAS to freshly imaged machines and stay one step ahead of the Big Delete.
It's the triumph of co-dependent relationships everywhere
Man I don't know what the 3 envelopes are, *or* how to use the three seashells.
I don't believe a person of faith comes into a conversation about faith with an emotional allowance to change their mind, and so the information will not overcome their feeling.
M preview has a dark theme, and hopefully it will be kept.
I have a OPO, and it is a great phone. I've recently gotten the android process.acore has stopped bug, and I'm waiting for a COS12.1 update to fix it, however. I don't know if I would recommend it to someone who wasn't technically savvy.
The HTC Status is the Facebook phone you're thinking of, released internationally as the HTC ChaCha.
Was the "Dude you're gettin' a Dell guy" fun in real life?
This is a good point, and better that OP is in a strong position to leave. Conversely, though, I think the quality of work can improve when total hours decrease; if you're not working too much, you can be more efficient and possibly just as productive.
Do you know what a ROM is? if I told you to flash a touchscreen driver .zip, would that make sense to you? Do you know why OxygenOS is the software put out by OnePlus, but it's not the software running out of the box? When it works, it works well, but there are a lot of little tweaks and common issues that are well navigated by someone who is technically competent, and wouldn't work well for someone who needs to ask a relative at a holiday how to do something on their phone. So, I will revise what I said: I don't know if I would recommend it to someone who wasn't technically savvy, and didn't have regular access to a technically savvy person for assistance.
You sell Dell and you've never even heard of the most popular single campaign put on by your company?
I have tried uninstalling facebook, G+ and Facebook Messenger and I'm still getting it. Unfortunately the only thing currently working for me is disabling the contact storage app, which makes Android cranky if it's left off for too long.
You're clearly savvy enough to handle any bumps in the road. I'd recommended a OnePlus One to you.
I very much like the new bookmark manager.
Working hard does not exclude getting lucky, and you can work hard and be unlucky and still not achieve your goals.
DOES NOT COMPUTE
It's alright, I'm confident because I believe that people who are less lucky than I am suffer from sort of character defect that means they deserve the bad fortune. I also believe I am an above average driver.
It's funny because it's true and not funny at all
He's going to kick your ass when his very hard legal work cannot outpace your drug habit, brazen stupidity and posting about both online in a public forum.
This is my favorite podcast app. My only dream now is to somehow shame Authy into finally supporting Android Wear after they totally found the time to make Apple Watch compatibility.
Nah brah I'm not a cop I'd have to tell you if I was L.O.L.
Ahh, *jurisconsultus diabolicus* in action.
This is an excellent book recommendation and I second it and the rest of your advice.
I empathize with the inability to pin down the why in a personal emotional response, and I think your mindful approach of just feeling it is a good first step to understanding it better. I'm going to try that for myself a little more and see how it works.
For wanting to start a war.
When does this stop being /r/homelab and start being /r/unlicensedmilitarymachineslab ?
Florida: everyone is an asshole, and you're an asshole too.
Does the old bookmark manager let you completely hide all NSFW bookmarks on the same sync profile? To be honest, if the difference between appropriate and inappropriate is a thumbnail or someone else not accidentally clicking on a specific folder, then I use two profiles for work and personal.
Even with a typically American view on expansive and unrestricted free speech, I really can't fault Germany for banning them.
I'd buy it. WebOS too. I'm probably the only one, but ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
\ Hey you dropped your ar- Ah wait nah you got it
Paging /u/theRAPISTmd
TIL The Rapist, MD is an existing username and not just a joke I made
Misplaced benefit of the doubt, outright bribery, undisclosed personal relationship or inability to admit they're wrong by changing anything are probably one or more of the things keeping them, too.
Yup, "Unconscionable" is the term I've seen thrown around /r/legaladvice today, and tl;dr you can't accidentally or deliberately sign yourself into legal slavery or indentured servitude.
Might as well suggest calling the pig farmer for advice on raising your daughter.
Depends, which is more responsible for me failing to take action on my hopes and dreams?
It really doesn't take the mother's income into account whatsoever when child support is calculated? I know it's for the kid but I hope he somehow gets alimony or something in exchange.
http://imgur.com/XS5LK
What a wonderful phrase
&gt;People who push abstinence-only education education do it because it's what they believe in: stupid as it may be. I highly doubt they are conspiring to make more like-minded people, Yes, I agree. &gt;especially given that poor, single mothers vote overwhelmingly for democrats. ಠ_ಠ
I have never in my entire life met or seen a single, real actual human being who received enough to live on from government assistance/Medicare-which-was-expanded-by-the-ACA-except-where-state-governors-refused-to-take-federal-funding-for-the-poorest's-health-care/or from their government Reaganphone (who, of course, started the program, and was expanded under George W. Bush, which is why it's also commonly called the Bushphone)
I agree, but I don't want to call them white trash, I think it maligns too many people. I don't fault them when I was once a horny teenager who made well intentioned but risky sexual choices, simply because I had the good fortune to have regular access to condoms and I never ended up having a child too early. They're not morally worse than those who rolled the dice and got lucky. I think the proper insult is and will continue to be Lying, Judgemental Hypocrite.
It should be shared, but I think if the amount is a very small movement of a very big needle for the primary custodial parent and an onerous amount for a less well employed partial custody parent, the court should take that into account.
Hmm, somehow I imagined the most devastating kind of explosive would take some sort of dark magic secret sauce, and not so much "Strap a hell of a lot on a pallet, and drop them in a cube"
'*blimey,* sir, they're firing... ***jeeps...***' Read it again in his voice. 11/10 much improved
I realized I thought of them as Video Game Super Soldiers, and this quote cured my assumption.
*reflexively clears browser history*
Only 59 more years until we mount the attack. -USA
If you're going to be a heartless slumlord, you might as well go for gold.
I heard he was too busy cancelling Christmas for seriously ill lame legged boys and their families
Unless there's something big I don't know, I can't disagree.
Already did. But you can get it back with this: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bookmark-manager/gmlllbghnfkpflemihljekbapjopfjik?hl=en
Too bad the warranty doesn't let you send a "stupid invoice."
I haven't tried the new MySpace. Google+ is pretty awesome.
It looks pretty cool, but does it have any mobile support?
PUF?
Cool. Thanks for Google Play Music, been using all access since launch day.
Oh, cool.
That's a good team to have. We all have the jargon at work.
Wait, so they work under the table, or they get assistance and work, or they don't have to work at all?
"Kansas now requires a 'no-Cher test', requiring citizens to advance specific negative opinions about the singer before issuing all marriage licenses."
In all seriousness, the federal government absolutely could enforce federal drug law against individuals, but the state legalizing it gives politicians some political breathing room until they can get around to improving the federal law.
Forgive my ignorance, but what sort of things pass strict scrutiny? It was my pop culture/Cracked understanding that Japanese internment passed strict scrutiny but not much has since.
Why so? They provide an essential service, like housing or utilities. It would be very harmful if they could discriminate.
This is a brilliant analogy and I'm tickled that marijuana use is cheating on a test.
The cost for minutes/text on the 10/15 gig plan would be $15 or $40 for unlimited of both, depending on contract. On a $30 unlimited data plan, it is $39.99, $59.99 or $70 for 450, 900 or unlimited minutes, and $20 for unlimited text. It may be cheaper one way or the other, but it's not simply $100 vs $30.
Sprint doesn't have data overages most of the time. They just have poor coverage and drop you as a customer if you use too much "roaming" (Verizon) data.
T Mobile will be happy to put you on an uncapped unlimited plan for more money
Snappity Snap Index today says large cap mutual funds are down, but sick burn comebacks are up! Ba-zam!
I still think that the trip routing from Maps 6.x was better then 7.x and it's only recently come close. Yes, they should, and they should add better "search along my route" waypoints. Also, they need multiple waypoints.
&gt;I also think that people only think that suits look good because their culture indoctrinates them to think that they look good. I think that's true, but my culture also indoctrinated me to find breasts sexy, and I'm not ready to give that up.
I'm sure they do charge more if it's a big enough statistical risk &amp; AFAIK charging different amounts based on risk is okay, even when divided by age, gender, race &amp; other protected categories. I believe they would (&amp; IMHO should) only get in trouble if the price difference was based on nothing, or "because icky" or denying them coverage altogether.
You'll need an IRS form 9001-EZ, "Itemized opinions on sentient robots" and completely fill out the "Natural Rights Deserved" matrix. If you select 1 (which = Yes) on "Rights of Public Performance" I recommend your total matrix sum is less than or equal to 7, or you'll probably be delayed or have to re-file.
You've sweat though a jacket? You are a prolific sweater. I recommend some sort of underarmor/composite v neck undershirt, a thin shirt and some sort of summer wool or cotton jacket with a half or no liner to keep you cool.
Just wanted to give you a vision of the future for what you'll hear if you mention the $100 mill proposed AT&amp;T fine as a bargaining tool ;)
This is a really good idea, but it only works if I don't tell anyone else about it.
Maybe. That might be the naturalistic fallacy, though. In Africa they are so much functionality.
Not quite that bad, luckily for R. Kelly, but the definition is pretty broad on first brush. [Here](https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/commerce_clause) it talks about the expansion of the clause and how it applies to anything that could have a "Substantial economic effect" on interstate commerce. The only decisions against it look like the federal government can't ban guns in schools under the commerce clause nor can it make violence against women a federal crime under the commerce clause. In Morrison vs US, it talks about a "noneconomic, violent crime" being outside it. IANAL, but I don't think you could grow drugs, distribute them or sell them without using items that have been moved interstate or not "substantially" affecting commerce, so I think Congresses ability to regulate drug production would probably not be found unconstitutional.
Thanks!
I'm not sure exactly when or why I added you to my friends list, but obviously that was the right choice.
Yes, as Justice Stewart so famously said in Jacobellis &amp; Jacobellis's Hot Girlfriend v. Ohio, "I'll know it when I see it, and I'll know if I like it."
I just left my sink on and I downloaded a whole one
They might get him to name the new kernel release UbuntuMyAss
I think that makes sense. You just can't effectively communicate without the capacity for a little discretion, and better 99% be in the open, then the unsavory half be moved to some other de facto communications and you only see the announcements.
I will check it out, I am also a #! expatriate.
I'm a big fan of LXDE/Lubuntu but I only ever see mention of Xubuntu. Is there a big XuUpside or LuDownside I'm missing?
I've heard of those!
Well, technically you can, but if you're not in the Section 31 time squad, then it doesn't make sense.
Unshoppable screenshots. It's a huge breakthrough. I can tell by some of the pixels, and having seen quite a few shops in my day.
I devote enough time to masturbating that it counts as a job.
Like any mostly incompetent employees, positions are hired quickly and fired slowly, when it should be the other way around. They're given a chance, or the best choice they have at the time, or they want to improve their pay/benefits and the only way the org does this is management promotion. Then they don't want to admit they were wrong, or choose to give them the benefit of the doubt, or know they'll be upset or quit if demoted or laterally moved, and don't have anyone better yet to take their place... And that's how the poor manager lasts for quite a while.
They can fire you because they find you ugly, as long as it's not based on a protected class. (In the US) They don't have to prove it's for no reason, as long as they're following OSHA breaks &amp; hours. You're just a lot more likely to qualify for unemployment.
The government charges a bunch of different sales and utilities taxes as well as stuff like the Universal Service Fund and 911 tax that pays for the whole thing.
*if it's not more than like 9 years old. They'll all call without a plan but some TDMA phones only talk to a network that doesn't exist anymore, just to nitpick!
As a manager, I prefer to ask politely or good naturedly bribe people to work extra or cover, and if they can't, I work it myself. That's why I'm in charge.
If you have time to drive in to yell at us you have time to work and cover a lunch break what the actual fuck
At least they aren't selling drugs or stabbing people like I assume those loitering guys are. (Unless they are selling drugs or stabbing people)
Yes, it is shitty, and we in the United States need work contracts, better unions &amp; collective bargaining, a livable minimum wage, European style employee legal protections, and, while we're at it, a universal basic income. So morally I think you're right, but the law doesn't reflect that situation right now.
Yes! Don't worry, you'd have to have a crazy old phone for it to be completely incapable of calling, I'm just compelled to mention it, as [this](http://i.imgur.com/UqKY7Z8.jpg) fellow is my spirit animal.
I'm almost certain this would violate the 5th Amendment.
I just heard their hot new album; I think it's called "The Wall?" You should check it out, it's great.
Even if enough proof surfaces to be 100% convincing, not everyone thinks an extrajudicial killing is justice, or the best resolution.
When the robots see me using this as my computer background, do you think that means they will come after me first? Or save me for last?
He has a few million default passwords and bank logins.
How long we talkin' here?
Well, they could kill everyone and everything, for starters.
Google seems to have a unique culture, and I think and hope they have people like Sundar Pichai &amp; Mathias Duarte who exemplify their ideal corporate values. Amazon has received and made a lot of money from investors buying in to it's long term vision, and if Google continues to put users first there will be people who resonate with that, and will invest.
My god, you're right. So the only way to be safe is... Trust the secretive corporation to put a chip in our brain!
It's only 3% when flaccid. The percentage gets *much* bigger.
Without exaggerating, I had to read that a minimum of seven times to understand and even confirm that phrase had semantic meaning in it. Having been a manager, it saddens me that he signed off on it... But I understand capitulation to injustice to save yourself the battle and possibly Pyrrhic victory.
Thanks, bud! That means a lot!
Y'all N'wahs need Vivec.
I don't think any of those are useless, they're all excellent features. My Nexus 5 and 10 and greatly improved for having a notification light, for example.
To be honest, if you use it for the length of time it takes to cycle out the battery, you'll be doing good on longevity &amp; can probably find a guy to replace the battery for you.
The statue of limitations on murder?
I always used 14/f/Cali since the ol' 4chon and everybody's pal, Chris Hansen.
We will add your distinctiveness to our own.
&gt;Thank you /u/Zapopa. Whelp, there it goes. The Seventh Seal is open.
&gt;your neighbor take a giant step back and literally fuck his own face. I keep doing my best Chris Pratt impression and saying this out loud. I can't stop laughing.
"[N]or shall any person . . . be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law . . . ." When did you stop beating your wife? How can you prove that to me? If you feel like you live in a batman movie and you have the ability to be 100% he is guilty, what then? Do you know that's a deterrent? Or do you assume because it feels correct? Maybe $500 of funding for mental health counseling and support for pedophiles *before* they abuse would stop 10x the abuse and the hurt, is it better our system waits until they harm someone before we do anything? And then you think the solution is to put them up against the wall? JusticePorn is about the smug satisfaction of seeing someone get their come-uppance, but real justice is about more than that. You can *never* be 100% sure. Not ever. Evidence isn't perfect. People lie and lie and lie and sincerely believe things that never happened because their memory filled it in. And it takes just one person you kill who isn't unambiguously, impeachably guilty, or is even baldly innocent, and then what? You're just a murdering thug spilling innocent blood on your vigilante hands. Should we up and shoot you next? As we aren't 15, are we certain you'll do it again? Real justice is about due process. Real justice is about mercy. And it's about making compromises in a real world where we can never been 100% certain of what happened or did not happen, and it's about setting aside our feelings of being the Punisher and working on healing, and working on preventing, and working on recidivism and making sure we aren't making more criminals and people who do wrong when we try to stop it. Pardon me for my bluntness, but real heroes know their limitations, and know the world is not black and white, it is some very dark and very light greys, and those who say otherwise are often selling you a worldview and a bill of goods.
If you swear you're not guilty under oath and are prosecuted for perjury, essentially we are forcing you to either plead guilty or be punished for not doing so later, in effect forcing you to testify against yourself. You'd have the change the pleas to guilty and "not pleading guilty" or "pleading the 5th" or "not agreeing with the charges" or something else, otherwise it would be a pretty messy situation.
That's a phenomenal compliment, Cupcake.
Did it come with any paper(s)?
Sure, it will make you feel better for a few minutes.
Report them to the Department of Labor for working off the clock. Then find a new job. They probably won't employ you after that.
If he wants to do it. It's frustrating but your friend has to do it for him or herself; you can support them in finding a better job where they value them as a person.
Just like Jesus would have done
It's disgusting that people might mistake this rainbow as a symbol that everyone is an equal human being and deserves rights. It's more inspiring to believe it's basically your uncle leaving a rambling note under your wiper as an IOU for "borrowing" your car and wrecking it while drunk. That, only genocide.
That movie is the best and most quotable movie ever made, and you know it.
http://imgur.com/vRVr1
Stop trying to make Mean Girls a thing.
We're going to try this thing called "Jogging," or Yogging, I think it might be a soft J. Apparently you just run. For an extended period of time. It's gonna be wild.
Capitalism is about capital in the hand of the individual, and lets him make what he will of it. But it's a system of means, and we specify the end. What is worth investing our capital and our time in? What sort of people do we want to be? It's a good question, and in my opinion has one worthy answer in looking out for these less fortunate.
I try not to be an obvious enabler for drugs or alcohol, but I like to share food. A few years ago, when I ended up living out of the car, there are few feelings more humbling then the dull fear of getting hungry and realizing you don't have food or money to be able to eat.
Atrix was 4", if I recall correctly. I was so excited when it had a dual core processor. Times have changed.
Hopefully software and accessories. The bundled Dropbox deal is a great deal if you use Dropbox Pro. I got an official OnePlus Flip Case (two actually, they were on sale and I was drinking) and tempered glass screen protector and I've been very pleased with the quality.
Damn, man, I thought I had found that kind of woman twice, and each time it ended in a shitshow. I had good naturedly decided to fly solo the rest of my days. Reading what you have to say is giving me a serious case of the feels. You're a good man and a good person. Thanks for being such a good example. Wow.
When you're ready, open a $7 Kickstarter so I can buy you a beer.
Start an anonymous Bitcoin donation fund. I've heard /u/Zapopa is an expert on the subject, he can probably assist.
This guy is way too reasonable, open to suggestions, kind and patient to be any kind of good troll.
0/10 title not nearly sarcastic enough how dare you For real though, wow. Right in the feelings. Hopefully this has a happy (ier) ending.
The murderer's Post It™
I am very amused he felt the need to specify the method. Like the idealized gangbanger, he'll kill you dead, but he would never lie. He's got honor.
Sounds like the ephod was pretty fabulous.
I'm pretty sure the bible says you shouldn't get married if you can avoid it, it's just better to be married if you can't hold it together otherwise. More read people, am I remembering this right?
I came
Lmao
You should be more sympathetic, they haven't let him out in 6 years.
I've got some bad news for you, I think your online German friend was employed by the Japanese Dept of Tourism. Good story, though, congrats on your little one.
It is a famous gesture where Julius Caesar refuses to take the crown offered to him, to be fair.
Would Jesus support open source software?
Exactly. Ulfric could be playing Caesar.
Interesting issue. Have you tried anything with the browser? https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/4627259?hl=en
Did you download it through the app?
If you can't find it, I presume it's unavailable. I'd see if you can find a DRM-free store to buy it, and then upload it to Google Play Music.
Maybe you could call Google and offer to pay the $199.75 plus tax you would have paid if you had it on the grandfathered plan, and see if they'll let you do that. Or just pay the going rate.
That's what I like about Satanism. Other than the Black Mass, which is basically just trolling, the whole affair is "I'll mind mine and you mind yours and we both are Master of our own road."
Fair enough. I believe the music cached by the app is scrambled or encrypted and can't be moved from phone to phone but if you can I would download your offline albums on WiFi and you won't use any data.
It's probably a little more and less wierd than you think. People are nuanced and relations among people are fluid as much as they're fixed. Enjoy what makes you happy, and if you were at all asking, then keep on keeping on.
Do both. Plumbing is a great real estate skill. Knowing how to appraise and fix that would give you a lot of opportunities for finding and working on hidden diamonds of a property, fix and flip houses, or profitable fixer uppers for investors. You also would have the income to develop your sales skills and client base before you relied on realty to pay the bills.
I got up to 230 before I wanted to change. I lost 54 pounds. You don't need a magic diet, just tracking calories. I used MyFitnessPal. /r/loseit is phenomenal if you're ready to try
I thought I'd sub to this but it's so bad I can't handle it, the awkward is suffocating.
echo "Jotebe" &gt;&gt; giveawayfile.txt &amp;&amp; sudo echo "Jotebe" &gt;&gt; ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
It is fast lanes; in this case, slow lanes for everyone, and zero rating for certain approved partners. If/when Comcast rolled out this identical arrangement, there would be pitchforks.
The concept makes sense to me. If a spouse was contributing non-monetarily through the household or family unit, that adds a lot of value. If two people formed a business partnership for a decade and then dissolved it, it would be like arguing on partner deserved all the money, equity and reward, because he was the one who made all the sales and brought in 100% of all the money; and "all" the second partner did was inventory, logistics, shipping, manufacturing, IT, scheduling, customer service, P&amp;L numbers, marketing, accounting, and general tidying up.
I just finished a book called Mindset, by Dr. Carol Dweck, and this is precisely the thing it talks about. People who have a "fixed" mindset believe you're born with a certain capacity, or level of talent, or intelligence, or artistic skill, or genius, it cannot be changed, it is set. Versus the Growth mindset, which is the belief that one can work hard, be challenged and improve oneself through doing difficult things, making mistakes, and learning from the process. Children taught and immersed in the growth mindset do better in schooling, even controlling for many other factors: they believe they can get better, and they do. They have hope and positive expectations for the future, they don't believe they have to be perfect to be great. "I have free will" or "I'm in control of my own choices" is an extremely growth mindset oriented idea. Kids who believe their academic abilities are fixed, or are taught they have what they have to start are more willing to lie to make themselves look better, but less willing or able to work hard to achieve well in difficult material: they might fail, and then they would see themselves as a failure, and not escape the judgement of others and themselves. They are zealously guarding of their ego, because it is in danger from the world: being less than perfect means other people are better than you, and you're worse than them. You've got to look out for you if you believe that.
I recommend you check out "Lies My Teacher Told Me" because I think the depth of European self centeredness and causal scrubbing of history of truly heinous acts and attitudes is really hard to grasp without knowing the whole story. Asian Steppe conquerors were disgustingly brutal, for sure. But white Europeans have clear records of immense, consistent and inexcusable racism through history, setting aside all sjw agenda in framing that worldview.
There’s an old story about a guy taking a smoke break with his non-smoking colleague. “How long have you been smoking for?” the colleague asks. “Thirty years,” says the smoker. “Thirty years!” marvels the co-worker. “That costs so much money. At a pack a day, you’re spending $1,900 a year. Had you instead invested that money at an 8% return for the last 30 years, you’d have $250,000 in the bank today. That’s enough to buy a Ferrari.” The smoker looked puzzled. “Do you smoke?” he asked his co-worker. “No.” “So where is your Ferrari?”
The more strict law applies.
The Hedonic Treadmill is a phrase for the concept you're describing.
Adobee FotoSharp
This is what I sounded like when I was 14. I knew everything and was incredibly intelligent. Then I learned a few things.
I recently finished reading Mindset, by Dr. Carol Dweck, and I recommend it. She touches numerous times on those with "natural" abilities, who were stuck in the fixed mindset, and couldn't get past their attitude to let themselves perform. "Natural" talent is basically nothing. A mindset of growth and hard work is essentially everything.
&gt;14 Yep.
I wish I could reach out to these people and convince them to invest reasonably. I've got 100% of my assets in TSLA, I don't like risky greed based schemes.
If Bernie Sanders ran a ponzi hedge fund, then it would take money from 10,000 people and give it to 0.01% of them, just 1. And it would be a metaphor.
Bonum comunitae comunitatis.
Telegram is good.
sudo cp /dev/drnk &gt;&gt; /home/anomalous_cowherd/endtable/glass
To be fair the government both promotes justice and reduces cost of law enforcement when the court merely requires you to not only defend yourself from the charges but find and prove someone else is guilty in order to avoid conviction.
When a group of racist jurors decide a murderer was alright when he performed brutal public lynchings, despite the evidence of the case and the matter of the law being against him, it is a failure of justice. The jury cannot be held accountable or punished for how they ruled, on a personal level, because it would throw the freedom of the jurors to make the actual ruling out with the metaphorical bathwater.
I really enjoy watching SVU and pointing out how many times a suspect could have gone, "Hello, do you have a warrant? No, I don't want to answer questions or let you in. Bye bye!"
Yep, we have USB swipers for point of sale at work that read the magstripe as text; if you have notepad open it will spit the data out just like a keyboard.
Go my returns on investment! Up up up!
I'm not a lawyer, so I'll leave the question for the experts, but in my line of work, if someone is quite willing to egregiously break the rules and do something really really bad, chances are, they almost certainly have done that, and/or will do that again.
"sudo" is a dangerous privilege escalation virus and has been deleted.
Not sure why you're so heavily downvoted. I've never seen the original source material for this quote, and that's a very reasonable phrasing.
I can't help but picture the bird guy like Scarecrow in Dark Knight Rises.
It is my mission to use "petulant anarchist" as soon as possible.
Consumed with anger, The world is an ugly place. Bathed in happiness, The world is a wonderful place. But, aha! the same world. - Shin Buddhism: Bits of Rubble Turn to Gold By Taitetsu Unno (Jill Ker Conway)
You're welcome. I've had this in my personal quote collection for quite some time.
Are you allowed to put in the contract "This contract will be interpreted using the legally relevant state law least likely to laugh the agreement out of court." ?
I'm really quite sorry you have to beware a compliment of your intelligence. (And really, hard work.) That's a poor state of affairs. As a dude, I might say that the other side of the gender stereotype coin is that we are judged by our profession, capacity to produce or skills. We also are meant to be "strong, solid, bedrock," without weakness or anything that might compromise that skill. Feeling inferior is a feeling of a lack of strength, power, unassailability and production capacity, and could be something used to accuse him/a guy of not being a "Real Man™" On a good note, however, I'm stealing this. "Intelligence is merely curiosity disguised, I think." -FireEagleSix
Good on you for fighting that disease. Mental doesn't mean it isn't real. You're a champ. As someone who lost 54 pounds using a calorie tracking app, these fucking assholes could just *take a little responsibility* instead of wishing for a **disease** to fix their habit problems. Christ.
1978.
Yeah, I find any complaint rooted in going from legal and cultural supremacy to mere overwhelming cultural superiority to be dangerously eye-roll inducing.
God's **NOT** Dead? God's **HOT** Bread? I'm Ron Burgundy?
Like Sergeants Major.
Blessed be the LORD Your God, for the two knoweth not the time and the place he Comes; but only the pinky. AMEN.
The LORD hath tagged you, that in the appointed place you would be called IT. And it is appointed upon Man only once to be tagged, and after this, the judgement.
memesforjesus©
I need a Redeemer at least 6'2"
Fucking International Criminal Court.
Only as common as it is fated to be.
-Albert Einstein
NIN = Hardcore band Nice N Neat
Just got this sent through HackerNews and came to share it if it wasn't posted. Very exciting.
You look completely different. And also amazing! It even gives your tattoo a new look. Great work.
/r/dankchristianmemes
You didn't find the professor flat, dumb and a strawman? His motivations made sense to you? I know I sound sassy but i am honestly asking your opinion.
Frotteurism
Deus definitely Vult
That's exactly why I got one!
eBay, $60. This was two or three years ago I believe.
This is a great question I'm interested in
Well, not melt.
Ah, a buck O' five.
Integrity?
A knowledge base article. Like a website for the process or issue, or an FAQ.
The legacy in legacy code is always a legacy of ignorance, madness, and Lovecraftian suffering.
I am so pro rehabilitation it's not funny. I think the sex offender registry should be abolished. The perpetrator in this case did not own up to the reality of his crime or admit responsibility, making any "guilt" less than iron clad.
So if you're walking down the street, and you see Hitler...
M'jesus
In your demographic defense, I've always kind of assumed that's a bit of the "Roman problem." When you risked death by lion eating just to join, the moral fiber of those Christians must have been insane. If you were wishy-washy, you probably paid lip service to state and household gods and did whatever you felt like. Now that Christianity is the overwhelming cultural and numerical majority, you have a lot of wishy-washy people who just signed up because their folks were in, and it was easiest. These people are probably not overly compassionate or driven by a deep, abiding sense of morality, justice, and right/wrong.
[I think you mean...](http://i.imgur.com/2H8qtSn.jpg)
That's from Ramit Sethi, basically talking about Big Wins, his anti-latte factor. He writes iwillteachyoutoberich.com
She sounds like a short term, one-upper who lives in the scarcity mindset and doesn't value her time. Someone should tell her to share because "You can have everything in life you want, if you help enough people get what they want." (Zig Ziglar)
This masterpiece belongs in /r/Offensive_Wallpapers
Let's hope so.
The ol' Infidelity Mansion
You may yet reach mastery, and realize that you know nothing
It will certainly never pay off.
See if Google can send a girlfriend to the living room, while we're at it.
Taco Tuesday!
Thanks buddy
Thank you for the reference. I think "gleeful savagery" is an incredibly descriptive and accurate term.
I hope you called it "snowflake-day memorial day"
But... why is the rum gone?
The greatest Jedi to ever live, because he stepped out of the light and dark to be greater than both.
Jolee wanted the light and dark sides to get off his lawn so he could have a little peace and quiet
This is really really good.
Nah man, us libtards won't do anything until it's one mass shooting a day, at least.
Tell me the woeful tale of Seeth the Noseless
Stupid Operating Procedure
Every comment about not having enough time to reduce emergencies reminds me of the Phoenix project
/r/DIWhy
Seacrest: Czech.
***ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED:*** **Deep Sense Of Shame**
I find this acceptable.
Gene Roddenberry would be pissed there was an afterlife.
To be honest, I think that would still be way better.
I follow that classism is "at the table", so to speak. But, men yelling crude and suggestive comments at women on the street because they're women. I just can't see how that's not simple, straightforward sexism.
Way prettier.
I like how the guy is sightly overweight and he is wearing his official mall ninja uniform
The art of war is bullshit because it says the best battle is the one where you *don't* strike a single blow.
*he never closes it*
You monster
That's the only one I just watched on YouTube, it's insane the level of effort to get it.
The first ending I got was killing myself, because nobody tells me how to live my life.
The forms are not otherwise filled out and have no approval signatures or anything else, so I believe they were fairly definitely fake.
It sounds like this is a closet endorsement of a /r/BasicIncome
So, original.
[AFFIRMATIVE TEXTUAL DOWNLOAD](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/i-am-fun-51731)
The drool and the jumping on and digging your claws into my junk without asking
Take your upvote, you damn dirty ape
His name is my name too
When control of the money, opportunity, and influence is concentrated, so that only one in ten have an opportunity to "make it" to wealth, then even if you get somewhere in life, that doesn't mean 9 good, maybe just as worthy people didn't draw the short straw. And that doesn't mean our current system of capitalism is working.
