I was spanked as a child, and I'm ***still*** a little bitch, so jokes on you.
God, this kid is so fun to watch this postseason. Great quality clip, too.
Am I missing something? I didn't see a checkmate, I just saw a guy quit.
Wow, he's the first American to coach the Red Wings. ***That's*** something new I learned today.
Oh man, an octopus in Roy's net, too? He must've been so pissed.
Oh man, that would be epic! Wait...NHL players aren't allowed in the Olympics anymore?
I think you meant "A history of being a terrible team with the greatest and most exciting-to-watch running back that ever played the game."
I can only imagine the havoc US defense would bestow upon the opponent. I'd think it'd be like Sauron during the opening scene of TFOTR.
Just the size difference between the Chinese and Americans would have me cringing for the Chinese before the opening kickoff.
If Suh and Watt were really playing against say, China's team, or Egypt, they very may well kill someone out there.
Can you imagine how many stretchers would be needed for the opposing team. Imagine 5'10 Pierre Lapieu being sacked by Ndamukong Suh...
True on height, but I'm also talking sheer size. I can't see China putting out 6'1, 240 pound linebackers out there. But who knows, like you said, over a billion people.
Iron Man would not be accepting of my penis.
I thought the trailer for "The Happening" looked incredibly creepy; I was sooo stoked to see it. We all know how that turned out.
I was one of the rare kids that grew up being raised by my dad, because my mom took off. Only thing that really bothered me was that everyone was so shocked that it was my dad I lived with, whereas everyone else with divorced parents lived with their mom. I'm 33, and the last time she made contact with me was 20 years ago. Last time I saw her was 28 years ago. It never really bothered me or changed me, I don't think. I always said that one day she'd know my name; then I realized how hard it is to get super famous, so I have a normal job. I have a dog, too. She's pretty cool. I'm doing pretty good.
TL;DR: **EVERYONE STOP BEING EXCITED! YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO PLAY ARMCHAIR GM, AND SUGGEST TRADE PROPOSALS IN THE OFFSEASON! HOW DARE ALL OF YOU THINK OUR PROSPECTS HAVE POTENTIAL!!!**
As much as I and probably the majority in this thread would've *loved* to see that, it more than likely would've resulted in the dad with charges as well.
Yeah, I'm just referring to what you said in your comment, though. You said "beat her ass to a pulp." Which I'm pretty sure you couldn't justify as self defense. One hitter quitter, sure, but not a prison yard beat down.
You should probably go outside...
I lost it the most at the end when he says "faggot", then gives his buddy a quick kiss.
"Rebuilding on the fly" FTFY
How do you figure?
I like how the guy who attempted the pass smacks himself in the head while running after the guy. "Idiot!"
More like a coward, liar, and a "thi-oof!"
Arby's. Mmmm...beef &amp; cheddar
Exactly. Wings were a powerhouse during their run, and the Hawks now are always a threat, but when I think "dynasty", I think of Jordan's Bulls in the '90's, '80's Isles and Oilers like you said, or '50's Yankees.
You must either bang lots of unbelievably hot women, or have incredibly high standards if you think she's not good looking in the face (pre-accident, obviously). I'm not saying she's a supermodel, but i don't think she's ugly.
Now ***THIS*** is fucking awesome!
Divorce is profitable if you make less than your spouse.
"Who? My sister? I dunno, she's probably at home or something." There you go. If you don't have a sister, and the girl asks about her, have "her" die in an accident. Just keep the lie going at this point.
Well fuck, I actually liked the Kings.
Jesus...
Lol, I'm not even sure. I was just thinking about how they call Evgeni Malkin "Geno", so I figured it'd be the same.
It can be. Penn from "Penn &amp; Teller" named his daughter "Moxie Crimefighter", so...there's that.
Wow, TIL. I've always loved this video, and you're right; knowing the backstory just made it 10 times better.
This is still one of my favorite interviews with Bill. I lost it at the Seagal comment.
Who?
Most people know him from seeing his work on Comedy Central, chapelles show, and his Netflix specials, not reddit.
My guess is you're not funny no matter what you say
I just imagine you reading his comment, then opening up tabs and logging in to stat websites like, "I'll show that fucker", spending way too much time looking it up, then posting your comment, and sitting back, arms crossed, with a shit-eating grin on your face.
This might be the most interesting explanation I've read. It makes so much sense.
I remember him as the scumbag with the Blues, who tried to take Stevie's knee out, and got his karma. Edit: I should've read the replies before commenting, since I basically said the same shit.
Thing that made it worse, is Stevie had a bum knee, and the whole league knew it, so it makes Dongers attempt even more scummy.
"The dart, man. You gotta fuckin' dart in your neck."
Man, I can't wait for us to get to your guys' level. I predict some fantastic rivalry games in the coming years. Long live The Game.
You find it that hard to see?
This is a complete shot in the dark, but is it [Better Off Alone](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Lgs9QUtWc3M)? I thought I remember seeing a couple MW vids to this.
[Fuckin' Walsh](http://youtu.be/m5RtlpXsl8k)
Nyquist in the late 4th round, too.
Fuck it. Let her think it. I just imagine all these sinister fucks making these movies, knowing they're intended for children, and thinking, "This'll fuck 'em up. Heheheheheh."
I would think that whatever has happened in their lives to drive them to that point, with the feeling of no hope, that immortality would be even worse, thinking the shit's never gonna end.
I was having sex with my whore of an ex wife, and during I felt a little adventurous. I said, "Baby, get that finger in my ass!" Two seconds later I said, "Baby, get that finger ***out*** of my ass!"
Annihilating friendships.
Lot of surly frowners in this thread.
I've always preferred "Toronto Make-Me-Laughs"
Oh my god, I lost it at Stafford.
That song is literally written about this...
That waterfall of blood though... Holy shit.
BUSTED!!
That might have been the craziest postseason game I've ever seen.
A+ title.
I knew a 1-0 lead going into the 3rd was bad news. Fuck me.
I know! I couldn't believe it when I saw that stat
Oh fuck me!
I like doc too. Such an energetic old man
/u/trollabot Dances_With_Labias
I honestly think this sub has the overall best titles for its posts than any other sub.
That was...intense.
Tip: if you're over 30, just exit this thread, or have Wikipedia and YouTube open and ready to go in another tab.
Mine's about having a finger in my ass. :(
Was there any confirmation he's an actual scientologist? Or was he just associated with some?
And the "Look Who's Talking" guy
If you're into sports, the 30 for 30's are fantastic. Bad Boys, The U, Fab Five, Broke, Four Falls of Buffalo are all great.
I was buying one green, one red, and one yellow pepper. The red and yellow weren't listed in the "look up items" menu, so I was getting frustrated and just chose "organic red" and "organic yellow" (didn't mind paying extra, I needed to go). Organic red and yellow brought up "item not found". I got pissed and just rang them up as green peppers. The lady that ran the self checkout noticed, and ran up to me saying "THOSE ARE DIFFERENT PRICES, YOU CANT DO THAT!!!!" Turns out the red and yellow were $.50 more than green. I told her good job for foiling my plan of getting over a dollar on you guys.
I don't get it.
Possibly was talking about the "Perpendicularity Hands to Fuck" instruction.
Lol, that's a lot of googling to try and prove your point. Agree to disagree, have an intelligent debate, because you come off as a cunt, and no one that is arguing with you is going to say: "OHHHH!!! ***NOW*** I get it! You're right!"
Get yer logic the fuck on outta here!
It's almost as if yer a cunt. :)
Man, that was a fantastic watch. Thanks for posting!
100% appropriate usage of Op's foot, too.
Saving it anyways.
" Because I jerk off to porn. Like every single guy in the entire world does."
WTF? No Ericsson?
Why because they made it to the Stanley Cup Finals, or because they lost the first game by 1 goal, or because they lost by 1 goal in overtime on the road to a fantastic team? You're a fucking idiot.
That was because the universe hated Hossa for two years. :)
I'm gonna call it; home team wins every game this series.
Sorry, but making it to the SCF is not close to choking. They weren't known as choke artists because they went to the WCF what, 2 or 3 times ever, and lost? They were known as choke artists for putting up top numbers and wins, division wins, and high hopes, and getting bounced in the first or second round year after year. And yeah, getting smoked in the CF the 3 times they went ever doesn't help, but the reverse sweep was icing on the cake. And I know you're only on the bandwagon, but Jesus Christ...seeing someone with Washington flair talking shit about a team choking is comical.
Plot twist: Fire destroys part of the arena, game 7 moved to Philly. Flyers win Cup.
So Tom DeLonge did this in "The Adventure" by Angels and Airwaves. I always liked that song, and noticed it was such a violent inhale, it almost sounded like someone choking. I can't un-hear it now. Was going to link it, but every one on YouTube has it edited out, I sound crazy. If anyone has the actual album, listen to it. Once you hear it, it's all you notice.
No shit. I work with an OSU fan, and year after year it went from laughing and shit talking (as it should be), to genuine sympathy and disappointment. ***Thats*** when you know it's bad; when your rival doesn't even laugh anymore, and neither is hyped for The Game. I hope so bad that Harbaugh/Meyer becomes the new Schembechler/Hayes.
😘
Yes, that is exactly what I meant.
Marleau
Bold prediction: Sharks lose in overtime, then proceed to do their own reverse sweep.
But it's "Thornton" Edit: this name looks weirder and weirder the longer I look at it.
Damn, looking at the replay and seeing dat focus...dudes a beast
Oh my fucking God
I fucking love seeing goalies that go ape shit beast mode on both teams
Man, SJ and Pens fans, I feel for you. It is so nice to not have a dog in this fight. My breathing is normal, and my heart feels fine.
No, it looks like Vey's dad got caught on audio plotting to kill the wife. The other girl, was his mistress, who was plotting on killing her husband. Vey's mom suspected cheating, bugged the house, caught the audio. Note: this is what Ive gathered from casually browsing comments; I have read no article on anything, so take what I say with a grain of salt.
But the company will still say they didn't make a profit.
Hey calm down, you are free to say whatever you want here. I'm just telling you you're coming off like a cunt. Judging by the downvotes of your comment, I'd guess a lot of people feel the same way.
He made the same decision any of us would make it a foul ball is coming near you. He wasn't the only one trying to get it, there were other people too. It's funny, had he sat down the whole time and didn't try for it, we'd be talking about another fan that "ruined" their chances.
I would say the Cubs' WS run was ruined by the Cubs playing like the Cubs.
Perhaps that secret society should've taken their English classes a little more seriously.
"Unless you're scared you've awoken a sleeping giant" Lol...no.
"You are being to fade into the folklore that is college football"
Counter Grike: Slobal Offensive
I'm going to go ahead and agree with you there.
Holy shit; I turned the game on literally as the Pens scored, then I sat on my remote, and when I put the game back on, the pens had tied it 2 seconds later. I feel I have direct control over the outcome of this game
This fucking game....
3 goals on 5 shots. Ouch.
I don't know if I understand what you're asking
Well, it was 3 on 5 shots, so it's a little better
Nah, centers clack their sticks together three times, then go for it.
I like their black unis though
Yep, will probably even be more lenient in the third. No ref wants a penalty to possibly determine the outcome of a championship
I was playing NHL 16 today, and the refs called every stick lift a high stick on me; but none against my opponent. Those refs were biased, and someone paid them off so xxxL3G1tSnYpAxxx would win. Fuck the refs
Banana, it's all good. Edit: "Hahaha"...I'm leaving that autocorrect
Not sure. Am mostly in the low 100's/high 90's, took a few lessons and shot 4 consecutive rounds of 91/93/90/92 or something close. Then went 106/125/114. This game sucks/is awesome.
Lol, go sit and pout in the corner. Games not close to being over.
Well, anything is possible
Lol, all these Pens fans saying games over. Did you fucks ***not*** watch the first period?
If they're bitching about offsides, why aren't they challenging?
That's a lot of people outside Consol that have to walk home disappointed.
I hope they have an epic comeback to fuck with these asses that already left
You spelled "Jones is literally the only reason San Jose is still playing hockey in June" wrong.
Who the fuck said the Warriors can't win 3 in a row?
Ok. I'll put money on that you give up on your team extremely easy.
That's pretty funny that that sub didn't think a team that posted the best ever record couldn't win 3 games in a row.
You said the game was over and you ended up being correct that the Pens did not win, that's it. Bitch all you want, but giving up on your team before the clock is at 0...ESPECIALLY if it's this year's Pens, and they're down by 1 with almost 4 minutes left in the game,and outshooting SJ almost 3-1, is something a straight up fair weather pussy fan does...all I did was call you out on it.
I agree with 25% of those sentences.
Then your team's coach should've challenged it.
The comments in most sports game threads on Reddit.
If by yourself, spend an hour on YouTube and learn some bad ass card tricks! I learned 3 awesome ones that blew the minds of everyone I showed. Then I didn't do them for a while, and forgot them.
When I'm more interested in fucking the hot 21 year old's mother instead of her.
I like to make people laugh. If a woman has a great smile and a great laugh, it's the sexiest thing in the world to me.
Bitch, then go to sleep
I feel this would be a great set up for a punchline.
Roadhouse is pretty 80's
Get back together? Will probably happen. [Stay together](https://youtu.be/I6KC0PAvJZw)?
"Descartes before the whores" was probably the most clever thing I've seen in the comments though.
Haha, that last sentence describes this game so perfectly
Yessir
Well Jerry had the idea about the golf ball in the blowhole (from his AMA the other day), and IIRC, George on the beach with the whale and Kramer golfing had no connection until Jerry thought of it.
Well, there wouldn't be either if it wasn't for Seinfeld
Yes, actually. Millions and millions of them. You're obviously not one of them.
Why would Red Wings Brasil contribute an English version?
This is fantastic.
_/
_/
Also, there was a broadcast Ken and Mick did that talked about why it was more impressive, even though he had only 2, and a couple players had gotten well over 10 in their careers: 1. They didn't do secondary assists at the time 2. No one wanted to fight him
I thought he said before he was a Blackhawks fan?
"Frosted Flakes are shit"
Arrested and charged after he died?
I thought everyone knew about that. Christmas Day, or close to it IIRC
Thank you, was looking way too hard for tires, and wondering what all this even meant
I still count those as hitting the fairway
Las Vegas Gamblers
I honestly wonder how much higher the ratings would be had the Warriors not been playing. I mean, not too many people outside of the Bay Area would care about the Sharks, and when the Bay Area is busy buying new warriors gear to wear while they watch the game, I can see how ratings would be shit.
It sounds like you're saying that as soon as they made the finals, to them it was like winning the cup, and then didn't put forth any effort. I either severely misinterpreted your comment, or you just said one of the most retarded things I've heard in a while. I'm hoping it's the former.
Fair enough.
I agree. I live in the Bay Area, and SJ is a big hockey town, I was very surprised when I went there how much support the Sharks have there. But other than San Jose, there weren't that many people who even realized the Sharks were in the finals until they watched the news. I have two people that I work with who are the only ones I've seen wearing Sharks gear before. You rarely saw anyone with warriors gear until 2 years ago, and I saw more A's gear than Giants pre 2010. Now I can't go down the street without seeing Warriors or Giants flags on cars, hats, shirts, etc. I've never seen a bandwagon get out of control anywhere else.
That second picture....I love the feeling of taking the plastic wrap off new clubs; it brings me back to opening Christmas gifts.
Dem Vokey's tho... I own a 60 &amp; 56 BV, and I'm looking at them now; not nearly as sexy as those.
Hahaha, why don't I just befriend a leprechaun, and ride a unicorn to the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow while I'm at it
I don't really understand what you're saying, but I'm gonna go ahead and upvote you anyways.
No. He said it doesn't. Did you not hear that he flies once a month? I've already come to accept that every time someone reclined their seat, my feelings of uncomfortableness and anger were actually not true. Why can't you admit that?
Meh
I haven't paid much attention to the salary cap, and how much we have to spend? Do we need to move Howard and Ericsson to sign stamkos and a top 4 D? What's our cap situation now?
That was marvelous
Do you even EA Sports?
Because every sports game does this.
I'm sure a lot of other teams' fans would. While I was definitely young, I was old enough to experience April without the Wings in. Honestly, it would suck for a season or two, and then people would get used to the idea that they won't be in the playoffs every year.
While I disagree with your previous comment, I don't understand the downvotes for this one. They straight up asked him if he knew about the rules of signing the contract over 35, and he said "yes", he knew what the contract meant.
Well I don't know what to believe anymore. I'm hearing he didn't know, but in his presser they asked him if he understood the contract and he said yes
Sounds like you should get off Reddit and jump on your blog.
True, could be. I never expected a bunch of fans to turn against him so quickly though. Even if we can't move the contract, so what? Lesson learned, don't offer multi year contracts to 35+ year olds.
I love how people compare this situation to Kovy's and Fedorov.
That's...not what happened at all.
Best fucking game 7 championship game I've ever seen, in any sport
Now we just need the Giants to go to the World Series and lose, and the Bay Area will be the region of almost champions.
I'd probably group the '96 Red Wings in instead of the '11 Canucks.
But without that season, the Brawl in Hockeytown would've never happened :)
Well then, 2011 Canucks it is!
I just finished it about an hour ago. I don't know how to do a spoiler tag to black anything out, so if anyone has decided to read this before doing it...DON'T CUZ I'M SPOILING SHIT........ I chose the "Save Chloe" ending. I felt like I shouldn't play through again, and just deal with the choices I've made, but decided to look up the "Sacrifice Chloe" ending on YouTube. While the BaeB4Bay ending was shorter, and lacked a little bit, I'm so glad I chose it, because watching the one where Chloe dies was hard as fuck to watch, and after watching it, I'm 100% satisfied with my choice. I've never felt such a connection to fictional characters before, and I had an extremely strong one to Chloe. So cool that a video game could do that to me, I've never experienced anything like it before. What a great fucking game. I really felt like the soundtrack fit so perfectly, and I loved how each episode ended sort of like a tv show with the music, and cuts to different scenes....it just had me sucked in to Arcadia Bay, like I was actually there, and it was fantastic. IMO, the most emotionally invested I've ever been in any video game, ever.
This is why I shut my mouth during the offseason, because I am proved over and over again why I would have no business as a gm of any team. First, I'm thinking "we need to get rid of the contract so we can go after stamkos" Then, I'm thinking "well shit, that'd be dumb, we're not even sure if we'd get him." Then I read the article and I'm saying "yeah, let's do that, that'll work out perfect." Then I read your comment, and I start thinking, "Man, I would run this team straight into the ground."
No. Why should I do anything logical? The theater should cater to ***ME***!
Ugh. I know that feeling all too well.
We've been rebuilding. We're just different because we do it on the fly.
"Team on the decline" Lol, people have been saying that for almost 2 decades.
Spoken like a true shit talker that's never set a foot in the city. I'll bet your Detroit experience is limited to google images.
Some people do great after a lesson, some take time. I shoot in the 100's normally, took 3 lessons, and posted 90,91,93 ( or close to that). Thought I figured it out. 3 rounds later, I shot a 125, my worst round ever. If you're learning something completely new, it's really hard to stick with swinging in a way that feels very uncomfortable for you, and is much easier to go to your old habits, because it feels comfortable and familiar. Keep at it, practice what he teaches until it gets a little more comfortable, and if he's a halfway decent teacher you should notice soon. But you can't learn what he teaches, not go to the range and practice, and expect to play lights out right away. Some people do, sure, but not everyone. Keep it up, don't count yourself out, practice your ass off, and I'll be the first to upvote your post of your scorecard when you shoot the best round of your life! Cheers
It's a love/hate sport for sure. I posted my best round ever and had an 86 back to back. Was completely happy with my swing. Went out today and shot a 96. Not bad for me, and I'm not that upset, but I felt like I did nothing different, and every shot felt bad. It's a fucked up game, but I just know that you're shit will come around, you'll post a great score, and then you're hooked. Like heroin, you'll get the bug, and it will consume you. Welcome to the dark side.
Thanks! This was from yesterday. Today I did a lot worse, but was still under 100, so I count it as a win. This game is like a drug, I got the bug, and hopefully will post some more great rounds in the future.
If bouncing out in the first round is the "rebuilding years", I'm cool with that.
That was surprisingly not as horrific as I thought it'd be.
This dude's a joke. Glad we didn't sign this dude. Can see only bad things happening with him.
And it won't help since more than likely the person who stole it will turn around to sell it to make a quick buck, so the unfortunate buyer of stolen property they weren't aware of will be fucked. This asshole will be getting over on ***two*** victims.
Man, I'm sorry dude. This fucking sucks. I know you probably wish you could've caught this fucker red handed. I know this comment doesn't contribute shit, but just wanted to say I feel for you man.
Holy shit, that lush green fairway. As someone in California that is playing courses they don't give a fuck about...hnnnnnnggg.
Or he took the plea deal so he can put this shitstorm of a social media frenzy behind him. Or maybe he did it; thing is, we'll never know.
No Oakland Seals?
It probably will. People will forget about it eventually like everyone else. Had he not taken the deal, it could've went to trial and been long drawn out and in the news for longer than it would've had he just taken the deal. But like I said, maybe he fucked his unconscious girlfriend. I don't know, and really don't even care, but it's unfair to already accuse the guy when nothing has been proven. People will still accuse him anyways, but I don't think that's really fair.
Exactly. And we don't know that either. Dude does seem like a piece of shit though, regardless if all this is true or not.
Oh god I can't remember the post, but it was removed and the mod wrote "a quick Google search or looking at the FAQ's in our sidebar would've answered your question." Um, I searched Google for 20 fucking minutes, and got nothing, and my question was nowhere to be found in the FAQs you dumb twat.
Can anyone shed light on our cap situation now? We're we counting Helm being re-signed, or were we figuring the cap room with him gone?
"The Shift." Say no more. Agreed. Every wings fan knows exactly what you say when you talk about DH and The Shift. Same like how everyone knows exactly what you're talking about when you talk about Zetterberg and The Shift.
Am I missing something, or is this just a pic of KH?
It's so hard not to get hyped for the 1st, but I'm preparing myself for another Parise/Suter disappointment. I'm hoping an announcement takes place at 12:01 on Friday, this is not good for my health.
I am also on the Lucic wish bandwagon. So sick of our players getting run over, and Abby can't do everything. I have a feeling if we get him, the first time a player gets cheap shot(ted?), and Lucic brings the hail of fists down, that this sub will change their feelings pretty quickly.
It's the offseason. It happens.
No, Helm is testing th...oh. :(
You're probably right. I still would like him on the team though.
This is just the exact same title and picture as the 2nd most upvoted post on this sub. Get your shit together.
Not only does this make sense, it's also very depressing.
Possibly. We'll have to wait and see.
Don't feel too bad. We can always overpay a 30+ year old power forward.
Nope. Reporting NMC.
As I'm sure Nashville did when this trade went through.
Same, stay safe.
Google showing nothing, you have a source for this?
Dude, fuck off. It's a pathetic attempt at a rickroll, don't waste your time.
Someone posted that too. I can't find anything about it.
Congratulations! This is now the most retarded comment I've read on this thread.
He deleted the comment, probably a troll. Nothing on BPD Twitter either.
Not at all, just amazed at the sheer stupidity of your comment.
I think Nestle's working towards that...
And I think you guys are definitely the best team to do it.
Please what? You don't think Lewis was one of the best shut down corners this year? Or Jake Butt one of the best TE's?
My goals: finally get settled in my new location. Knock off this 19 year smoking habit for good. Start eating healthier and get into the best shape of my life. Put myself out there to make new friends and meet new people, and stop being so lazy staying inside playing video games. Lay off the drinking. Not putting out the pilot light, just stop getting drunk every day off work I have.
I think I read somewhere that on GameDay, Michigan stadium is like the 4th biggest city in Michigan.
What's a "poly" dude?
Meh, we can pizza roll with the best of 'em, too.
It was yesterday
Nothing worse than a troll who's not even funny. Yeesh, that was bad.
Wow, you've outdone yourself! You're like the Jeff Dunham of trolling, lol.
Taking a dumpster fire team to back to back 10-3 seasons, and watching his former team go 2-14? I doubt he's ***not*** laughing his ass off.
Pretty exciting that Michigan has him thinking, but from reading the article, he still says he's "Committed to Alabama, but will know for sure Saturday." While it's pretty exciting, I don't know if I see him flipping. However, he'll be playing with a couple Michigan commits in the army bowl, so fingers crossed.
I'll have to disagree. He's been verbally committed since '15, and even said he's still committed to Bama, but will know for sure on Saturday. Michigans o line isn't good enough to open holes for him, but he also won't start at Bama. I'm basically talking out of my ass at this point, so I'll say I just disagree because my gut says he's sticking with Bama.
Lol, your responses are cute. It reminds me when a toddler comes swinging at you, and you just hold his head in place as his arms flail around.
Not often I agree with an OSU fan, but that was on the nose.
Wow! Are you really trying to rub in the score from 2012? Lololol! That is the cutest thing I've seen in a long time!
Lol, I can't believe you're still living in '12.
Baahahahahahahahahahaha
Holy shit, this honest to god might be the funniest thing I've ever seen on Reddit. I can't remember the last time I laughed this fucking hard!
Awww
Corporate local Mitsubishi dealer?
Neat.
I had to wiki the name, is it the dude that went on a killing spree and killed himself?
I missed the game because I was at work. Does anyone have a pic of this jacked fan? It's all I was hearing about reading the gdt.
How so?
I'm laughing my ass off at some (not all) Bama fans in this thread thinking us Michigan fans are salty and whining about if he goes to Bama. The dude was an Alabama commit for 2 years, no Michigan fan is going to lose sleep if he goes where he's already committed to going. We're hurting at o line, not RB, were fine at that position. Would flipping the #1 recruit be amazing? Fuck yeah! But if we don't do it, no one is gonna be overly butthurt. Hell, it's been more agonizing for Bama fans the last two months than Michigan fans.
Jesus Christ.
So you're saying it was a waste to buy tickets to tonight's game against LA? Well, fuck.
Remember when we were all excited to move on from Babcock and have Blash take over? Something something Milano cookies. But in all seriousness...how is it that Blash did so well in GR and then shit the bed in Detroit? A lot of players on the team he's had a hand in coaching before making the jump to the NHL. I don't get it.
Challenger one div III for me. And was only in challenger for about 10 games, now can't get past prospect elite div V. Oh well.
Yes.
... Yeah?
Probably dumb jokes in a thread marked "serious"
Heatwave on Masamune (sp?) with yellow and red looks pretty awesome
To be fair, any time I think "no way will I hit them" I pull of my most amazing shot of the day.
Well in this case, the dumbasses filmed themselves doing it, so no fear of putting innocent people to death.
When I came squeezing out of my mothers womb, Jim Harbaugh, still in his Michigan uni, picked me up, and with the tightest of spirals, launched me out of the delivery room, where I landed perfectly in a waiting bassinet. The momentum from my landing shifted the blankets to perfectly swirl around me, and I fell asleep right there. I can still hear Bo as I flew into the bassinet saying, "Atta boy, Jim. Atta boy." Been a Bo and Harbaugh fan ever since.
It looked to me he hit him on the hands with the stick. I don't know if that really caused his breakaway to be ruined
I mean, I think it was bullshit. But I'm here at the actual game, and pretty close, and I saw it in real time and the replay. I also wanted to just brag that I'm at the game and have amazing seats.
Lol, were in section 110, where the wings shoot twice..right on the blue line. Got to see every goal so far this game right in front of us. Best night ever!!!!
I mean, I'm 13-2 in games I've attended with the Wings. I was here tonight. Y'all are welcome, and I'll be more like Han happy to contribute any time
So...I'm now 14-2 with seeing the wings live. I'd like to think I had something to do with this. In all honesty, though: I was in the lower bowl right on the blue line, where the wings shot twice. Seeing my Athanasiou just completely undress the dude and pass it off for the 3rd goal...I almost got punched in the face for how loud I was screaming.
Possibly. Or the fact that Reddit is like the 10th most popular website in the states, and has millions and millions of redditors, so there's a good chance many people have someone they know that is there? Maybe some made an account just to post?
The thing is, everyone's looking for an answer. And truth be told, if someone is intent on killing people, there is nothing you can do to stop it, it's really that matter of fact.
Why would any of that happen? He was a US citizen.
Babies with little Osh Kosh B'gosh AK-47's would be adorable.
Mallrats was fantastic.
Name the last lions coach that took them to the playoffs 2 out of his first 3 years...
Or because their run defense has been an absolute fucking joke this whole game.
Disgusting, pathetic, a fucking joke, unacceptable, I could go on and on.
Was there more than 5 minutes remaining at the time? I thought the clock stops OOB when there is less than 5 minutes in the 2nd and 4th
You're so cool.
You mean with the comically large wad of gum he chews, like a 10 year old with Big League Chew, mimicking a cow chewing cud, or how he celebrates any td, field goal, first down, like a drunk fan in the stands? Either way, my answer to your question is "yes".
You misspelled "Lions looked like chafed ass tonight."
Of course.
We haven't won the NFC North ever.
Neat.
:(
I'm wondering how he got to write "nigger" without any spaces, and have it still show up...
Yikes...I can only imagine the shit that gets said.
No, this was from Xbox. My Xbox live account is now suspended.
3. 2 for GT, 1 for messaging. The message contained no swearing or slurs or anything, just me laughing at his messages of telling me he's "too busy winning", and I told him to keep the messages coming, because they are great comic relief. So he got tilted on that, and reported me. Apparently xbox will just automatically fuck your shit up for anything.
That's the thing...their was nothing "suspension worthy" in my messages. Unless saying "Can't wait to see you in the RLCS you big winner, you!" after him (prospect) saying he's "too busy winning" is against the TOS, then it's a crock of shit.
RSTLNE?
Lite Brite! Lite Brite! Turn on the magic of colored lights!
Oh the GT was definitely violated the TOS lol. I just never had it reported. Sometimes you see a funny GT that would get removed if you reported it, and you just chuckle and move on. My two GT's were most definitely not cool to have. It's the messages that I'm upset about. But I hear ya. Just play the game, and shut the fuck up I guess.
The reason for reporting the GT was because they were butthurt. But the two GT's I had definitely were not in line with the TOS. One was "TngPnchUrFartBx" and the other was "Ivanna Wakuov" Both times they were reported, I just had to change it. It was the messages that got me an email saying my account is suspended. Which were snarky comments back and forth, but never any "Bitch" or racial slurs or homophobic slurs or "fucks" being thrown around, or talks of having intercourse with spouses or parents. Live and learn, I guess.
Now you're just starting to sound like a *LAIIDDYY!*
Call 866 FRUIT everybody! What the fuck am I sellin'?
Or the Canadiens. More the fans than the team, though.
I see a lot of people saying "Do you know how long the replays would make the already long game?" Simple fix: Cut back on the 250 commercial breaks each game. Of course they won't sacrifice a little money for integrity, this is the NFL we're talking about.
Jesus Christ, don't sort comments by "controversial". The fuck is wrong with you people?
Well, "exciting" is probably the better word to describe it.
Also relevant: Pulling the booger that has snot attached to your brain all the way out of your nose.
Your apostrophe bothers me.
So then offsetting?
Your mom will always be there (until she dies), but this game will only happen once. Tell her to fuck off, and that you'll do whatever you want.
The way my work schedule goes, I've got to see one NCG in 10 fucking years.
Pluck a pube every 15-30 seconds.
I'm sure they complain about them, too. I know I do.
Lol
Yeah, but not having a good qb can make a team downright shit. Look at the Colts with no Manning, and recently, the Raiders once Carr went down.
Does the owner miss and hit his glass case? Or did the robber shoot at him as well and hit the case?
Never noticed anything with the goal posts...what was going on?
Does this happen every game? I ask because it only does for me when my ping is shitty (like 200+), and also for some reason the first game after I launch Rocket League, everyone has shit ping, then it goes away for the most part for the games I play afterwards. But always that first game.
Well, it did get shared a shitload of times and news channels picked it up, and we're seeing it on Reddit, so now I'm sure the police station has been flooded with tweets, Facebook posts, and phone calls about how bullshit it is, maybe something will come of it. I know Facebook is retarded when people do the 1 like=1 meal or whatever the fuck people do, but in this case, Facebook might have been the right move. But what the fuck do I know? I'm a dumbass who's browsing reddit at 3:30am when I should be working.
I'm surprised they didn't just drop the DUI and charge and ticket him with "reckless driving" to get that sweet, sweet money; saying he was weaving in and out of traffic, etc.
That woman in the front to the right; dat neck whip...ouch.
I know this is insanely late, but there was also the line in Like Toy Soldiers (?) where he says "It wasn't my intention, my intentions were good; I went through my whole career without ever mentioning [Suge]."
Shows how much you know. We weren't even ***in*** the pla... You're a meanie.
I mean, not really. He ***is*** a pair of tits, just with some other body parts as well.
But...shouldn't the point be whooshing over the guy's head?
Ghost fucking.
Downdooted.
...and slaps your tits.
Ugh. I left my 56 BV on the course about 2 months ago. Of course no one found it, why would anyone turn it in? What's funny too, is that day I was just telling a golfer buddy of mine that I never lost a wedge since I started putting my putter cover on it while putting. (I ***always*** put the cover on my putter after a hole, and if I don't have it, I immediately remember it's on my wedge on the green) Don't know what happened that day, but I left it somewhere on the course. This picture makes me extremely happy for you and disgusted with myself at the same time lol.
That is just brilliant. That's right on par with deking someone out of their jock, just flat out outsmarted him.
Lol DAE America obese?
Neat.
I'm the guy that supports your decision.
That's how you get golf balls hit in your direction.
But your puns weren't only terrible, they didn't even make sense.
No, I think if you think they actually made sense, then you're the one with some 'splainin' to do.
Yes.
Love how his flair in the third link (OP) is "all women deserve breast cancer" I hope his date went horribly, and even more so I wish she could've read that post before the date. What a piece of shit.
I dunno. It looked like in the thumbnail between the second and third pic his body looks normal. I wouldn't have noticed, anyway.
You make a good point, but I think you're being downvoted because you came off as kind of a dick. I think the video is interesting, but I think the creator is reading in to this joke ***way*** too much.
I'm gonna play Devil's Advocate here (Maybe I won't, because I'm not 100% positive I know what "Devil's Advocate" actually means) I also have to preface this beforehand that I'm not really a fan of Schumer's comedy; I don't find her that funny, but to each their own. The bits that are similar from her show...what a lot of people don't realize is that there are a lot of writers on comedy shows. Imagine having to come up with a funny premise or idea by such and such time. I'm not saying she's innocent, but there is a real world possibility that a writer or writers came up to her with a skit premise, one she's never seen before, thought it was funny, and put it in her show. The writer(s) could've very well thought about it, and maybe saw it before, and put a different spin on it, and presented it to Schumer and it made it onto the show, all while she had no clue the premise had been done before. Here's [Joe Rogan](https://youtu.be/qypQLesaKXg?t=3m18s) talking about how writers would lift bits from comedians back in the day. I linked to the time it starts, but you should really watch the entire conversation on Amy from Joe and Hannibal Buress. The Patrice O'neal joke? Come on, I'm surprised the creator of the video put that in. He called it the "Poltergeist", she called it the "Houdini". I heard about the "Houdini" when I was in fucking high school in the late '90's, so saying she ripped that off from Patrice is fucking bullshit. Patrice didn't make that up, either. He heard it from somewhere, and put his spin on it, called it the "Poltergeist". I'm not saying Patrice is a joke thief (I fucking loved his comedy), but to say that Amy ripped off a joke that has been around for a while from another comedian is retarded. As for the Madigan and other female comics where her jokes are very similar, or same punchline...who knows? She could've stolen them, but she also could very well have come up with a premise that other people have come up with before. She says she never saw them do that joke, and that could very well be true. Reddit loves Bill Burr. I love Bill Burr. I've heard Bill say on his podcasts that he normally will never watch another comedian's special, because he doesn't want the possibility of subconsciously remembering a premise, and thinking he came up with it himself, which is a real thing believe it or not. And yet, him and Greg Giraldo have similar bits on MTV Cribs. [Giraldo version](https://youtu.be/c3v5uyEr4M4?t=1m24s) [Bill Burr version](https://youtu.be/4EuD0MtLv7g) Did one steal from the other? I don't believe so. Burr even mentioned the story about their two jokes being the same on his podcast [here](https://youtu.be/2XVq3LCuqwA?t=35s) I know Reddit has a hard on when it comes to hating Amy Schumer, but I just wanted to put my $.02 in, and try and have you guys look at it from another angle. Again, I'm not coming to her defense, or saying she's not a joke thief, but I think this video is a one way street.
One of the things I love most on Reddit is someone putting "xpost from whatever", or seeing someone post a sub I never heard of, and then binging "top/all" on it.
Can't prove you right or wrong. All I find is a bunch of forums where people remember it supposed to be ad free, and some responses saying it was never supposed to be.
"Million to one shot, doc...million to one."
God I love the wings announcers. KD: "And we apologize for that!" Mickey: "Do we? I guess we have to." Laughed my ass off.
I can see how someone could stumble on the cornfield hatch by fuckin around. The up up up left right whatever in the hatch...how anyone was like "oh hey, it's like the song I heard in the game" is beyond me
I honestly didn't remember hearing that tune, even when I had to look it up online. I never would've found all the orbs and unlocked the secret ending if I didn't look them up.
I guess to each their own, but I thought gta v was an absolutely fantastic game.
You should be putting lotion on your skin. Everyone loves soft skin.
Ugh...that bikini pic...
How so? Not being snarky, just genuinely curious. I loved the opening scene in the game, the switching between characters, how you could find bad ass cars right away, I loved how the three characters were completely different, yet complimented each other well, and I liked all the side missions, especially the whole mt chiliad mystery. To me, I thought it was an awesome game, but like I said, to each their own. Or are you saying the hype was ridiculously obnoxious for it? I didn't pay attention to the hype, or notice it really, so maybe I'm just remembering it different.
Like every boyfriend/husband that ever existed in the history of mankind.
How is this wtf? It's from "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee" where Seinfeld and Obama hang out, and this scene was obviously staged.
What am I looking for? Edit: Jesus Christ, I'm an idiot.
Because I get every other Monday off. Same reason I like Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays. Also same reason I hate those days as well.
?
I had "TngPnchUrFartBx" for the longest time, and a salty rocket league player reported me. It definitely was in violation of the tos, but I had so many compliments on it. Fuck, I miss that gamer tag.
Dinner and a movie.
That Tom Segura stayed in the room before me.
Yeah, that blows. I chose "Ivanna Wakuov" after, and it lasted about 2 days before someone reported it lol.
Well, "Tongue punching someone's fart box" is another way of saying eating their asshole out, or at least flicking your tongue inside and out of an ass. Ivanna Wakuov is supposed to read like "I wanna wack you off."
Bland and boring and will never get reported because it's dumb.
I did this one time where I was watching porn on my phone on my bed, and was wondering why there was no audio. Thought my phone was acting up, but decided to still proceed with the masturbatory session. Was in my garage later that day working on a project, and my phone rang...only the rings were coming through my Bluetooth speaker in my garage that I had on full blast. I lived on a cul-de-sac. There were children playing in the street outside my house.
18, Was still in high school. Was forced to grow up and take on adult responsibilities ***real*** quick. I'm in my mid 30's now, and I don't regret it one bit.
That's exactly what I did. I've been able to vote since the year of the Bush/Gore election, and have voted every election, except this one. Some people have told me I shouldn't tell people that, but my excuse was it was like being asked "would you rather be kicked in the balls, or poked in the eye?" To which I say, "Neither."
I don't get the downvotes. You're absolutely right. I mean, the ban itself is utter horseshit, but the media is spinning it like he chose those 7 countries himself, and omitted others because of his business ties, when in fact he has signed an executive order banning these 7 countries that Obama's administration deemed a threat to the United States. A narcissistic president, and the media spinning stories so Americans are at each other's throats, the world is laughing at us, and countries that already didn't like us have a reason to hate us even more. We are truly a divided nation, and this shit is scary.
What you're missing is that trump did not pick these countries, Obama did. While it's still wrong, he is signing an eo to prohibit people from these countries that the Obama administration deemed a threat to the us. The fact that he has business ties to countries not on the list is just a coincidence. Sure it works out for trump, and I'm sure he is well aware that none of the countries he does business with are on it, but the media is spinning it like trump hand picked the 7 countries, when in fact, he did not. Edit: good god you people and your downvotes. Look it up for christs sake. Or just choose to buy what the media is selling, and click that little periwinkle arrow.
Shhhh...Detroit scary and bad you die if you go...
Such a stupid thing to get angry about.
Who's Johnny?
Post 13 minutes old. Dudes a Redditor as of 28 minutes ago. What the hell happened to get someone that pissed that quick?
I don't get it; it's just a link to your mom's Facebook.
/r/incels is that way
That's exactly what I meant.
Ahh, couldn't tell who you were replying to.
Perfect.
Truth is, you'll be able to correctly guess that on every single awards speech this year.
*Korengal. Still on Netflix. Unfortunately, Restrepo is not. But you can find the full Restrepo doc on YouTube for now.
That's when I just say, "Nah, I'm good."
I upvoted you just because your username coincides with your comment. I can't get that mad.
Ikr? Like anyone's parents would just come to their dying kid's side.
It looks like if you press and hold the left joystick for a second or two and release, it will progress through different simulation speeds.
I ate an "Impossible Burger" to see if it could sway me off meat. They still got some work to do.
I'm pretty certain that's not what he was thinking at all.
I think his joke attempt backfired.
Huh?
Lord of the Rings, not necessarily to tears, but really got me emotionally invested in the movies.
Huh. I remember his gambling problem, but didn't know his dad was part of it. Was (the conspiracy) that he owed lots of money, so they killed his (innocent) dad to send a message?
This is late, but wanted to add: I have a co worker friend that loves sports, but never got in to hockey. In 2014 he went to Virginia (lives in California) to visit his daughter, and he texted me one night saying, "Holy shit, there's sports on starting at 10:30? I guess I'm gonna watch a hockey game tonight." It was Hawks/Kings, and it was one of the most intense and exciting series I've ever watched in 30+ years of watching the sport. Some games weren't close, but the intensity and crazy saves, fast breaks, and odd man rushes were insane. He watched all 7 games, and became a hockey fan after that.
"You ever have a post-shower shit? Ugh. Might as well go back to bed and start your whole day over." -Daniel Tosh
Bioshock. I had just bought a 360, before that I was a PlayStation guy; had 1 &amp; 2. PS3 had little games for it at the time, so I went with the Xbox. Browsing Best Buy, I see Bioshock. *look at the back*, "Hmm...looks kinda cool. I'll buy it." Holy shit, did my jaw drop from the very beginning of that game.
Oh my god I feel so old
You can already see some fans in the background with their hands in the air like, "You ain't gonna call that shit on Subban? Wtf?!"
I'm sure you'd be perfectly cool-headed had the roles been reversed.
I forget who said it, but there's a quote I heard: "The difference between a cult and religion, is the top guy in a cult ***knows*** it's bullshit, and the top guy of a religion is dead."
I fucking lost it at the club.
I moved from GR about 12-13 years ago; go back to visit every year or two. I had a bleu cheese burger at Stella's I'd say about 7-8 years ago, maybe. I still talk about that burger to this day. Whenever people take me somewhere in LA, saying "this is the best burger", I compare it to how that one at Stella's made me feel. I've yet to replicate that feeling.
Can't you at least link or post to the longer gif, or say "x-post, instead of blatantly stealing this from /r/holdmybeer?
It amazes me how many people can't understand the difference between the two.
What a looser!
The Wedding Singer was the shit, though.
Probably a dumb question, but since the majority of my games are on an external hard drive, I should have no problem plugging that into the X and being good to go?
This is the first time I just happened to glance at the username before reading the first word. I feel somewhat proud of myself for not being duped, yet at the same time feel sad, because I like the way you dupe.
Not really. Spend 10 minutes looking through that sub. You will say "what the fuck?" out loud.
Eat, sleep, train.
Yeah, the lead singer of CCR got sued for sounding too much like CCR.
I wonder where that guy works?
Yeah, but he scored ***two***. Suck on it, Trebek.
God, I hope you don't have a license.
And he means David from the British Office, not David Wallace.
I've worked 12 hour, rotating shifts for the past 11 years. The alcoholism and depression are real.
Wasn't bioshock only sold as the collection?
33 days late, but anything below 80 overall will be yellow. I'm not positive about below 60, but 60-79 will be a yellow ring, 80+ will be green. I think it's a tell of how good the player is, too. You'll notice the higher the overall, the more complete the ring comes to being a full circle.
I hope this is your highest rated comment ever.
"You ever have a post-shower shit? Ugh. Might as well go back to bed and start your whole day over." -Tosh
Is this a paid app or free? I didn't see a price tag, but literally 10 seconds after it downloaded, my apple wallet banner said "your payment to apple whatever has been approved." Edit: im a paranoid idiot: HBO Now renewed the subscription at the same time, and I had a panic attack.
Lol, this edit tantrum is marvelous.
Athanasiou has attitude problems as well? Do you have a source? Not saying I don't believe you, I just hadn't heard about that.
Dude, Wings fans are known for being tough on their goaltenders. I remember this happening since Cheveldae was in net.
You can only turn off meetings, not morale itself.
Ahh, I guess that would make sense. I always questioned why he wasn't playing more, despite the fact every time he was on the ice, he'd make something happen. In all fairness though, if I produced and had a positive contribution to my team every time I was on the ice, I'd feel entitled, too.
Dad?
Hey, they won that one game against St.Louis.
Uh...but it is.
I hope this makes the all time posts
You just made so many people say out loud, "Rocket League. Broccoli."
Hey man, ***I*** don't do the shit. But technically speaking? Yes, the game is over.
That link will forever stay blue.
It's not the nudity. It's people fucking in front of children. Did you not read anything related to this video? And yes, we Americans are pretty stuck up over adults fucking in public where children play, you got us on that one.
Rugby is the coolest, most bad-assed game I don't understand.
TIL I use the word "soccer" because I'm an asshole.
Neat.
/thread
Round 3 might mean third deployment? But more than likely he meant third round of Search and Destroy.
I like how everyone is downvoting people that say this isn't funny. It's not. It's pretty fucking stupid.
Jeez, I'm so uninformed on European politics. I always thought it was legal in Germany. Come to think of it, I'm pretty uninformed on U.S. politics as well
I have downvoted every comment I've ever seen that begins with that. I know it doesn't help, but it makes me feel good inside.
Midnight chili?
Oh, I've seen that before, I didn't really know it was commonly used on Reddit. The way you lumped it in with jolly ranchers, Doritos, Colby and the broken arms, I figured it was some disgusting chili/poo-in-a-pussy/dickhole story I wasn't aware of. I'm relieved, yet at the same time, disappointed.
I don't think anyone 100% believed the cumbox, either. But then we had proof, and it changed a lot of people.
And the only submissions should be the times either teams showed horrific football skills. Only lowlights, no highlights.
Can we pencil the 49ers in as a W though? They’ve been balling out to end the season since getting Jimmy G, beat 3 playoff teams to close the season, and we play them on the road. With my level of football expertise (slim to none) I think they’ll be a tough one next season.
https://i.imgur.com/VW22kRG.jpg
I’m alone again this New Year’s Eve, stuck working night shifts. The way my schedule has worked out, I’ve either had to work NYE night shift or New Year’s Day day shift, and when I work day shift I get up at 3:45; no chance to be out till midnight and later...so I have been bringing in the new year alone since 2005!
You'd like to be loose to a cock?
17 more.
The media doesn’t care about copycats. If they did, they wouldn’t have 5 hour broadcasts on mass shooters, highlighting the numbers they’ve killed and releasing their name and shit like that. Hell, cnn or some news network showed a press conference with the chief of police, who said something like, “I’m not giving out the shooters name, I don’t want him to be glorified.” Then cnn cuts back to the studio and says, “he won’t give out the name, but we will. His name is blah blah blah”. The media sucks, and don’t give a shit about copycats. Just gives them another story to get good ratings.
But didn’t the guy we actually wanted turn out to be a dumpster fire?
My ex used to grab my erection like a gear shift, and move it around “shifting gears”, while making car noises.
Who the fuck is Logan Paul?
ITT: Edgy edgelords
Jesus Christ, what an embarrassment for America
You’ve never seen tits before, have you?
No you didn’t.
You must not be familiar with the laws in other states, then.
Lol, “Attempted manslaughter” is *most definitely* a thing.
Not true. It’s definitely a thing.
Logic doesn’t apply to laws. Attempted manslaughter is a real charge.
I love how the true fan comes out of the color commentator. “STAY IN BOUNDS!”
No clue. I’m just replying to his comment saying “there is literally no such thing as attempted manslaughter”, where I know in California and Louisiana at least, such charges exist.
So, I guess I’m just confused then? Psyonix is known for having server issues since they launched this game, I have no lag in any other game, including Mortal Kombat X, where if there’s *any* lag hiccup will completely ruin a combo, yet I’ve never had an issue with that game, or any other. Only Rocket League. I’ll always have people saying “it’s your internet. It’s on your end.” Yet, I didnt have lag issues with RL since the beginning, only in spurts. I just don’t see how it can be on my end, when literally every other game I own, including fighting games where a lag-free experience is essential, all work flawlessly, except rocket league. Oh, and FWIW, my packet loss is 1%
I didn’t say it is directly related to a fatality. I said being under the influence of pot can lead to it. So you’re telling me drivers who are high are in no danger to others on the road, that the fact that being stoned can slow down your reflexes is perfectly ok to be behind the wheel of a car? Why don’t you show *me* a source saying stoned drivers are just as safe as completely sober drivers? Edit: but [here you go](https://www.today.com/health/driving-while-high-marijuana-causing-spike-fatal-accidents-t91746) http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/27/health/drugged-driving-death-rates-report/index.html https://www.denverpost.com/2017/08/25/colorado-marijuana-traffic-fatalities/
I don’t get your argument. You said “just like alcohol, which is false”, responding to a guy saying people can do dumb shit while high, just like alcohol ***in that regards***. No one is saying stoned drivers are more or less dangerous than drunk drivers. The only argument is people do dumb shit while stoned, in the same regards that drunk people will also do dumb shit while under the influence. A mind altering substance can directly cause you to do dumb shit, that’s pretty much it
This is hilarious.
This one’s my favorite.
Love how this gets reposted and upvoted on /r/funny. Like, “Yep, that’s the kind of content I would expect.”
Not excusing what he did, but the guy he assaulted said he lost his vision after fighting in the Vietnam war, not from the attack.
Yeah, but...https://i.imgur.com/AQZu5Qd.jpg Edit: oh right, Reddit pretends they would never do that at age 17.
I’m really glad this dudes channel is still kicking. It took off when the folded paper vid blew up on reddit, and I was worried it would get stale after a while. (I mean, how much interesting shit can you actually crush with a press?) but this dude keeps thinking of cool shit to do. I hope his channel stays active with good content for years to come.
If Psyonix can reverse it if you have concrete proof, I wonder if we (Xbox players; don’t know if PC or PS can do it) should be doing the recording feature while making trades. That way if you do get scammed, you at least have video evidence.
I did. My wife-to-be thought male strippers were gross, so we went to our good friend’s (another couple) house, invited a bunch of our mutual friends, hired two female strippers, drank a bunch of booze, and everyone had a blast.
Yeah, by whatever dude she’s with now, lol. This was like 14 years ago
Yeah, it definitely bruise hit like when hurt on back tho
Grandmas will usually say anything to make their grandchildren feel good about themselves.
You must be fun to talk to.
Serious question: Do state laws apply to federal agents?
Can anyone just enjoy a funny video without bitching about something anymore? Nobody cares about your feelings, sir. Go to the ocean today and clean up trash if it bothers you that much.
Just reading up on GoW on IMDB, I had no idea that the guy that voices Fenix is the same guy that does the voice for Bender on Futurama.
I love how they conveniently repeat his claimed records back to him in his letter, just in case he forgot what he wrote. I’ve seen letters like these a few times on Reddit, and it’s surprising that anyone believes them, they’re so horribly done.
Yeah, that’s up there as one of my favorite feel-good vids I’ve seen on Reddit.
After I eat the dicks, you know that bowl is going in the trash, and will end up in the ocean, right? So you’re really suggesting I pollute. Shame on you.
Not even a punch. A straight up elbow like he’s in the fucking UFC. Hell, even in the UFC you can’t get away with that many shots to an unconscious opponent.
These guys are thugs, no doubt. But I don’t think you’d like what would happen if we just “got rid of police”
You mean that Jon Jones elbow to the orbital? Yeah, fuck that dude. Punches him repeatedly, sees he’s unconscious, and throws an elbow like it’s a gang street fight.
E
K
T
S
Be awesome to see this as the NHL 19 cover
“The Save” will go down in history.
Ask your dad.
If it has to be explained, it’s probably not for you.
Guess you’ll have to ask google then.
I do this all the time, too. I’ll play air guitar on a piece of Pup-eroni and to the tune of Metallica’s “Don’t Tread on me”, I’ll sing “Do you want a treat?!?”
Some snugly baby, huh?
I’ve literally spent the last 3 hours of work on Reddit.
4 1 2 3
I can only speak for the American version, sorry. But all I did is buy a regular SeaGate (or maybe it was WD) external, plugged it in the USB port on my Xbone, and a message popped up asking if I want to format the hard drive for games and apps. I hit “yes” and that was it. I transferred all my shit over to external. Eventually had to move up to a multi TB hard drive because I ran out of room on the TB. Games with Gold ends up taking up a lot of space for me. Hope this helps
Not even a Caps fan, and this video had me teary-eyed. Love seeing Ovi get his cup. Congratulations Washington fans!
Bay Area does not equal San Francisco.
I lived in a 1700 sq ft 3 bedroom, 2 story house on a cul-de-sac and my mortgage was $1480.
No, but it doesn’t matter if it were. Your bitterness doesn’t make my previous statement false, which was “Bay Area does not equal San Francisco”.
Neat.
O’Doyle rules!
Even though I hate the team, I feel bad for Kane that he got shopped out of ‘16 over that bullshit false accusation he went through.
