Because SI7 is not battlecry as well?
&gt;There's no mechanical difference **(besides the Combo requirement)** so there is, thus the keyword is named Combo, not Battlecry
recent = 3 years ago
as a Platinum Pro he's paid a part or even full expense of travel/hotel actually. But talking about earnings, it's less likely for you to cash in a MTG tournament (Grand Prix or Pro Tour) than in Hearthstone I believe.
I just been playing games for last 4 hours, no bonus for me
my friend got the WoW mount already
Portrait for logging in in 1 week after launch, grave golem pet for reaching level 20 in HotS. Hearthstone cardback for reaching level 12 (or 24 different sources say differently), WoW mount for reaching level 100 in WoW. And Card Back Mount for playing 100 games in HS.
don't actually know what memes are you referring to, so might as well just ignore this comment
maybe iut's because you got to play better or became more efficient in fountain management, because it's rather not the matter of his talemt changes
it's not a bug although it confuses many players, especially the ones with other CCG/TCG background
yes, but Keeper is not a 2 drop, sure there's innervate but...
of course, you can even notice the coin on the screenshot
Good, I don't mind if they Hex/poly/BGH my 2 drop so they have less or non answers to my actual high end cards. And if they don't have any, then they put themselves so much behind either by taking too much damage or my 10/10 trading with their 2-3 minions. There's no lose situation for you in this case.
&gt;It's not as insane as people would think though. It's not going to win you the game 2-drops are not meant to win me games, unless I play some all-in aggro deck like Face Hunter, and yet that would be absolute broken 2-drop for Face Hunter too. &gt;What's better are sticky minions that provide board presence We talk about 10/10 on turn 2 or even turn 1. Is it not sticky enough and provide no board presence? I will repeat again "dies to removal is absolutely no valid argument" since any minion dies to removal. And 1. it's not like they always have removal right of the bat 2. as mentioned above I would be absolutely happy to bait out their hard removal to clear the path for my actual wincons
i was just 11-2 on arena at this moment...
it's not, he only had Kael model in Warcraft Dota, that's all.
And how many objectives did you take?
none
Yeah, kind of Warsong for all minions, but obviously with higher cost.
Can't really agree with Oil Rouge being similar to Storm. The old Miracle Rouge would be a good equivalent, but Oil works a bit different. It kinda plays like Elemental Combo to me, rather than Storm. Midrange Druid fits more the R/G Ramp aka Valakut Trap playstyle. Of course all these givem we still stick to Modern.
Just like any other card game, those who invest more money usually have more and better cards.
The difference is, Amulet Bloom doesn't really care for board control, so early turns they do play cantrips and ramp spells and are focused on killing you of in matter of 1-2 turns with Titan + Borros Garrison or Hive Mind combo, whereas Valakut Trap care for board control either having sweepers or some creatures on their own (same like Druid) while having a strong drops for mid-to-late game having a very clear combo package (cheat fatties into play or Scapeshift-Valakut kill) and the usual beatdown package which includes hardcasting Primeval Titans and Emrakuls which are accelerated by ramp spells. While Drood has obvious combo and fatties Oil Rouge was explained so many times here already and I;m again to second that it doesn't remind of Storm at all. While Nivmagus also revolves around chaining few spells each turn and overall more tempo play.
you don't need infinite mana with High Tide :P
Personally I would not seek for similar "taking control over opponent minion" effect, but rather other valuable 6-drop. Sunwalker/Temple Enforcer comes to my mind first. Although get them as soon as possible, since in the current meta they have so many juicy targets and with Shrinkmeister they work wonders.
actually not, they do not flood the board like Zoo does, and rather rely on discard, removal and land destruction spells to clinch the opponent while beatind you down with undercosted creatures with downsides (usually the downside is the cost of paying life). Also Suicude Black do not really net card advantage through anything.
around 6 or 7 minutes, Sylvanas + Hammer on Haunted Mines, we took down the fort before mines opened and then pushed with like 80-20 golem.
commons and ~~uncommons~~ rares - they usually make the core of the deck, and it'd say it's harder to win with random bombs while rest of the deck is unstable piece of crap, rather than a resilient deck without many bombs
maybe it's time to visit your eye specialist then?
Any not banned/restricted card from Reserved List?
*Double strike, haste* *If Al'Akir would be dealt damage for the first time in game, prevent that damage* *Al'Akir must block if able* Way easier in my opinion
If you make players have perfect information of the opposing deck, you probably remove more skillcap rather than increase it? Why? Playing with limited information or no information requires skill of: 1. Anticipating what archetype you play against. 2. How do you want to mulligan 3. What line is your opponent likely to go 4. What your opponent has in your hand aka what cards do I play around 5. Knowing how to play to your own outs 6. Evaluating the amount of tempo and card advantage If you work with perfect information you neglect most of the mentioned above and it creatres possibly like 1-2 lines of play to go with. Not to mention 90% of the games would be slow/boring as fuck control matchups (and by slow/boring as fuck I mean if there is a guy who normally enjoys plaiying control, he would be disgusted by that) that would surely end up in fatigue wars. The deck would contain answers and threats only and nobody would be able to push through your threat for more than 1 turn at maximum. TL;DR. Removing RNG removes much of the skill cap, since playing around randomness and neglecting its influence is the true challenge here.
funny how "removing RNG" (according to OP) this way would make poker even more RNG based game
Ok, let me open a contest for the most idiotic explenation: so far you lead with "I'm so busy to be able to afford waste 5 seconds of my life, but I can afford to waste hours for playing HS". Entry is free and the winner will get an e-cookie!
the tooltip says how long the AS buff lasts afaik
prolly, this is inevitable when using your non-native language, especially when you're still learning it
it's often my go-to lvl 7 talent for Abathur, even though some would say Needlespine is hard to pass up there. But yea, usually MULE doesn't bring you that much value outside of Haunted Mines maybe, where it can be absolute bonkers
wonder how would it look like if they implemented EDH in HS. Much bigger card pool would be obviously needed :D
because not every team composition has to be oriented around 5v5 fights, sometimes you may go for pickoff - that's one of examples of when you want to be duelist in a 5v5 game
so you know that you don't have to take 5v5 fights to succeed, and there are some team compositions made not around taking fights, but for example taking picksoffs before objectives appear, so you have benefit on advantage you created moment ago. And others for instance, rather give up on objectives for sake of pushing/splitpushing. This is usual for most MOBA games and HotS is not different in that matter. Apart from that Hungering Arrow has other upsides - it is more bursty build than Multishot and gives you more sustain.
Sylvanas, defnitely Sylvanas - personally I like the threats that are sticky in my Priest deck, and Boom just dies to BGH, while there's less hard removal for 5-attack minions. Vol'jin is the next one in order you could get, or if you want to go more late game oriented Priest, get Ysera. All in all there are few other cards that could use a replacement here. In general you want to increase some of the 1-ofs you have to 2 copies - cards like Pyro, Blademaster, Auchenai, Cabal, possibly Shredder. BGH is not necessary in Priest, replace with second SWD instead. Double Thoughtsteal for control meta, if you meet more aggro decks, cut one and replace with like... Velen's Chosen maybe. Zombie Chow is nice to have, so is Light of Naaru, and both seem to be better than Holy Smite, pick one and replace (personally I managed to fit both Chow and Light into my deck). Mind Blast is baaad, whereas Farseer or Drake are not necessary and you likely not want to have them. (Drake is still a powerful card to fill in missing slots though)
you didn't come from MTG obviously if you say such bullshit...
nope, we did not get more deckslots
former, and not huntresses but sentinels
while Beastmaster is kind of a sub-class for Hunter
but it is not the exact pattern, if you look closely you will notice, they might be similar, but not exactly the same!
lore not, looks, definitely yes (unless you mean Tychus :D) &gt;how do you explain dat branches on bow, only Tyrande has them. she also has feathers, yet there are none on the teaser-portrait
Infinite - put a one good lane clearer on each lane for both sides, don't take objectives and camps and just kill minions, so they never push structures.
could be, if only there is someone who picks up this ult in game I would be sure then :)
I just meant that the need for more deckslots is based on my only personal opinion, and not the fact that half of this reddit shouts for it too. If so many people share this opinion, that may really indicate this is the problem then. As mentioned above I got hella lots of decks to play and I would really like to have them all available at the same time, instead of deleting some and building others. I also play MTG both paper and online version and online I don't have problems managing way more than 9 decks, and since HS interface and UI is way better, that would be even easier in here, just scroll beteen the deckslots - easy peasy.
He died actual 3 times or 0.75 times? Because if he died 3 times, that means 12 deahts in early games, which is actually a lot even more Murky
that simply comes from the fact that this decks is the most accessible one. The number of active players increases drastically in HS day after day, and what deck a new player will go for? Face Hunter that is rather easy to play (but hard to master) and costs circa 1k dust, or Control Warrior, that is really hard to play (and even harder to master) and costs 12-13k dust? These new players want to win games as well, so instead of going for random construction out of their small card collections, they will focus on crafting a cheap deck, that is actually proven in practice. PS. Personally I haven't seen Facehunter since long ago. "Faced" literally few of them past 2-3 weeks.
he's the lich king but not death knight ;o
none, digital card games don't need to be banned/restricted if they can be buffed/nerfed
Errata is not the tool to balance the game for paper card games. Not in the meaning that "hey, this card gets played too much recently, feel it's too strong, let's change it". Rather because e.g. they fucked up wording a bit so it has some broken interaction with other cards, while the design team didn't mean to do it or the effect is not clear enough.
well I feel sad for you. PS. How did you manage to take a screenshot with Heartthstone Deck Tracker visible? Everytime I do ss, the overlay is not visible on the image.
But since there are no wards/couriers and any type of items, the only utility that supports can provide is either CC or Heal. And since CC is already the main utility provided by tanks, supports are left with healing
I usually do the opposite. If I see some heavy divers in opponent's team I pick Flamethrower to safely poke them from afar, otherwise I get melted by Illidan jumping on me.
I pick Chain Bombs when my team is rather CC heavy, especially with ETC's Moshpit or Johanna. Another factor is if their team is light on heroes like Illidan, Kerrigan and other assasins who can close gap quickly and jump on your face melting you instantly.
Yes it is, anytime someone gets matched with you.
hearthstone deck tracker
Highmane
Well, Amulet Bloom was "lesser known deck" not so long ago, you know :)
The funniest thing about this deck is, it was kind of tier 2-3 deck in the past, known for being easly beaten and very unstable. It didn't really get any crucial cards past last few sets, apart from like [[Radiant Fountain]] and [[Hornet Queen]] maybe (that honestly can be replaced with another fatty). It's just people figured out the perfect 75 for this deck, the awesome tech cards, and what's most important how to navigate this deck correctly, and now there's so much drama about it being too strong.
You need to define what fun is to you. One may find going for face and palying 2 minutes long games fun, other may enjoy grinding up games with control deck for an hour.
Except he is dead...
In Legacy Burn wants to stay in Mono R. The only splash it sees from time to time is white for [[Wear/Tear]]. Apart from that the decklist you presented needs few tweaks. Pyroblast is not the card to have in this deck, unless sideboard maybe. 24 lands is definitely too much, and you need some fetchlands, especially when you play Searing Blaze. In sideboard cards like Blood Moon are redundant and just not synergize with your strategy even though they can provide problems to your opponent. Emrakul, Ashen Rider and Griselbrand are dedicated against S&amp;T matchup I believe, but that's not how you beat them as well. You want to go agressive as possible, if they have turn 2 or even turn 1 Show And Tell, you're not gonna beat that anyways, and that would require you to actually mulligan for the fatty which is absolutely wrong thing to do.
What?! Fifteen Apes?! How do I fight back against such awesome power?!
but still for some reason only the white splash is what can be seen in Legacy Burn lists, recently another card that started appearing is [[Deflecting Palm]] but it's seen in like 1 per 10 lists that splash white, while well, it's very rare already to see splash in Burn
because he is Arcane
&gt;How can he be damage He is damaged, lethally...
Snap will surpass Goyf in price soon (that's my opinion). Definitely would keep it
Good effort, but as far as lvl 13 and 16 talent choice goes, either both slam talents or relentless + hook range are go-to choices, and honestly I would never pick the ones you suggested over them
https://www.heroesfire.com/hots/talent-calculator/stitches#pCgT 50% more damage on huge ass range Slam with massive slow, reduced cooldown and DoT from improved trait
you expect me to bring you some exact numbers here?
If you want to handle Hunter well you want to have turn 1-3 plays more than double healbot double belcher. Work on the mana curve
Free packs hype! WOOOOO!!
Grim Patron without a single "Everyone get in here!" is no Grim Patron
it still Goryo Reanimator
I don't play LoL but I play lots of Dota so I guess I can kind of speak on behalf of it. These changes are not adressed because of Hots. At this point Hots **cannot** compete with neither Dota or LoL and it won't possibly change over the next months. These changes are rather a very usual and natural process that happens every now and then. Meta in Dota likes to change this way over longer period of time when at one time you go for "4-protect-1" strategy which leads to long farmfest and games exceeding over 60 minutes mark fairly often. So a natural thing to do there was release patch to neglect it, and speed up the pace of game. Yet it went to the point where we ended up with "deathball" strategy (see TI4 for reference) - really fast paced game, but literally with very little depth. So we continue the journey on this sine curve back to slowing down and speeding up again. And it has nothing to do with other moba games, it's how to meta reacts to changes.
The Vikings change is so fucked up...
W/o talents - Murky With talents - Chen? Of course if we exclude the fact any hero with Regeneration Master can have infinitely high hp regen.
Just learn to distinguish them by arts, why make it harder with shenanigans over borders?
Damnation reprint! kappa
green floating from Gruul Turf?
Sure, that;s why all of the most popular cantrips across all formats are sorcery speed, unless you count Brainstorm as cantrip too
Caryatid + Courser I guess... but it's not close to how much I wanted Rev to gtfo on previous rotation
but DTT is blue...
Huge disappointment that his ultimate ability is not named Cruel Ultimatum... His 3rd ability is pretty much strictly worse Spectre's Disperse. 1st ability and ulti seems incredibly inbalanced in vacuum, especially with the mana costs
because limited is also a thing
Not sure if ironic or not, but we have TW and AR functional reprints with Treasure Cruise and Temporal Tresspass
but that is not true, they design and balance cards for Standard too,
&gt;Everyone can win Razer Gear Weekly *Participants will be randomly selected from $10+ donators* Something is not right with this 2 sentences
the do not design cards for Eternals and Modern when making new sets. The best example of it was when they made TC.
the good ol' Twin/Pod Meta... I wouldn't make any changes. Meta is pretty fine now in Modern, last 2 events shown there is a great diversity of decks right now. After initial phase of Twin/Abzan/Amulet it seems like thing settles up.
frequency - does that word say anything to you?
didn't say they rule out printing legendary lands once and for all
Many copies in Europe are around 24 euro.
I would rather want to see his Druid vs Patron warrior in match against Ropecoach.
There also should be separate category for Arabian Nights Mountains users and the ones who use mismatched lands. Like, I have friend who has few full-arts, few 8th edition white bordered lands, few regular basics from Ravnica and so on. Myself, I use Ice Age basics.
Oh look, strictly worse [[Protean Hulk]]!
use circle of protection red on what? If this land could somehow deal damage to you, than it would deal none
This is Bogles playable
But Elves are pretty much the only tribal supported by Origins
Nefarian*
I believ ethe biggest complain is that we don't have unconditional t1 manadork for post-rotation. I;m pretty sure we will see one, either Elvish Mystic reprint or something in BFZ since I can see WotC not wanting to bring 2 different t1 manadorks into format.
as they did with all these incredibly strong stuff like Rhino, Whisperwood, Regent, Polukranos, Surrak and so on? Heck, even turn 2 Courser is incredibly strong play.
Unless they lead on with a really heavy discard hand like 2-3 Thoughtseizes + Duresses or something, that's not a problem either. They can't put a clock at the same time so drawing into DTT/TC after that allows you to rebuild quickly
If we ever get back to Innistrad in future blocks then a reprint might happen. But notice Wizards can consider him being Standard legal again to be too powerful, so a supplemental product seems like a more reasonable place where he could be reprinted.
Modern and Standard Legal [[Containment Priest]] that also works on tokens, so Elspeth, Twin, Empty the Warrens and more. Will definitely see lots of play.
You have Containment Priest already in eternals for this purpose
tied for 2nd most played deck in meta according to mtgtop8.com with Omni-Show being the most popular variance(together with Grixis Delver, Shardless BUG and ANT)
it would
not really, this is definitely easier to play around than Containment Priest
it stops Raptors for a turn only
So guys like you have issues to figure out
People saying mech warper is balanced and even that it's pretty weak because mech decks are porent to board clear. Now think of what is one of the cards that made every deck play decent amount of board clear and turn 2 removals. Mechwarper anybody?
that's still 2 mana
Spell mastery doesn't say "lands enter untapped instead" but "untap this lands". Amulet trigger would go on stack after SBA are checked.
it does, it always did work like that, and always will unless they decide to change the rules
and since when Modern is eternal format?
wrong sir. Eternals are formats that allows you to use whole range of tournament legal cards (limited only by bans and restricts naturally), so Legacy and Vintage.
And I remember when some time ago, you could pick Illidan with Aba, and jump into 1v5, kill 3, get healed by Rehgar ulti and finish the rest so everyone would claim him to be the most OP shit ever in this game... :D
pretty no Priest deck plays Boom
Apart from the obvious Twin and Bloom - Azusa, Amulet, Tittan, Summoner's Pact will drop down, some of the cards from Twin will drop slightly as well, but not by much since most of these cards play in other decks
depends on the matchup...
List looks fine, pretty standard one to be honest. Personally I would cut 1 Bash/Slam for Taskmaster and swap 1 Shield block for 2nd Acolyte
If you are trying to get onto PT the Amulet/Twin bans should not be problematic as you should easly find yourself another deck
they do sir &gt;The following cards are banned from vintage play: &gt; &gt;Advantageous Proclamation &gt; &gt;Amulet of Quoz &gt; &gt;Backup Plan &gt; &gt;Brago's Favor &gt; &gt;Bronze Tablet &gt; &gt;Chaos Orb &gt; &gt;Contract from Below &gt; &gt;Darkpact &gt; &gt;Demonic Attorney &gt; &gt;Double Stroke &gt; &gt;Falling Star &gt; &gt;Immediate Action &gt; &gt;Iterative Analysis &gt; &gt;Jeweled Bird &gt; Muzzio's Preparations &gt; &gt;Power Play &gt; &gt;Rebirth &gt; &gt;Secret Summoning &gt; &gt;Secrets of Paradise &gt; &gt;Sentinel Dispatch &gt; &gt;Shahrazad &gt; &gt;Tempest Efreet &gt; &gt;Timmerian Fiends &gt; &gt;Unexpected Potential &gt; &gt;Worldknit
Midrange Hunter is deck w/o any card from adventures, but quickshot and that's a pretty good deck to get legend with.
&gt;Your Rank is not accurate, and it's more about time spent than skill at Hearthstone. not true, not every player reaches legend no matter how much time he spents, so that implies there are better and worse players at respectable ranks &gt;If feels bad to lose all your progress at the end of the month that's the whole idea of "season" thing, it resets after some amount of time and I belive it's essential for this type of game, rather than yearly seasons for instance &gt;At the start of a month, new players who are trying hard and playing a lot will frequently be matched against high level players. At the start of the season in English Premier League, teams that advanced from Championship are frequently matched against higher level teams. How unfair. Do you see the analogy? The problem is also a mindset of new players. They start the game and want to reach high ranks after a month or so, and say it's unfair they can't do that because they keep getting matches with players who have "all legendary decks". Notice according to stats around 75% of players are on ranks 25-15 so reaching ranks 14 for a newish player is already a massive achievement since you now are in the group of 17,5% of players who reach ranks 14-10 (technically 25% since those who end up higher also reached this rank at some point). So there you have it. I don't wanna say ranked is perfect, but the problem lies in people expectations rather than actual broken system.
It could be solved with changing the prize structure as well. As reference MTG has usually pretty flat prize structure but it's awarded to top 32 for example, or even top 64 (depending on how many players participated), because they know the game nature is so that even the best players are not able to place top4 or top 8 every time. But this also means more tournaments would have to be played in Swiss system, this way all the top players will have an opportunity to cash in the tourmanents to earn some amount, and those who do exceptionally good will earn more for top8 or better.
because cards in hearthstone are not only for cosmetic purpose and to solve your problems with cards, don;t buy packs, play arena, once you get good at it and put on some decent scores, your card progress will be faster
&gt;Berserker is viable now! welp, I've been testing melee Yakuza/Berserker/Frenzy build and with no-charge Katana it oneshots any non-dozer/winters on OVK, seems pretty fun :D
&gt; I built a Wild mech mage and proceeded to not lose a single game in Wild until I went from 25 to 15 in just an hour I can do that literally every season with an aggro deck in Standard. Like, take Zoo or Aggro Shaman now and win.
TIL: Journey Below does exactly what it says it does
It depends, most of the times the map is divided into areas where goat spawns are gathered, like around Park, around the building that is on fire etc. This way you can let's say, go to area A, set up the sentries around it and gather all the goats from there. Then move to area B and do the same thing. Or if you can set up sentries on top of the Longfellow, but I guess that's not possible :D
&gt;Stampeding Kodo, which is very frequently seen (and not just for Doomsayers but to help deal with zoo honestly, Kodo doesn't help you with Zoo at all, clearing one of their gazillion small guys does very little to the board. Explosive Trap, UtH and Dreadscale are your "go-to" cards against them
DREDGE!!!
not exactly, the essential part of this type of decks is your ability to play on opponent's turn with counterspells or instant speed removals, HS doesn't have any of these
oh, good old Delver
Even if you did play Hunter, Krush is only viable when it pops out of Ram Wrangler, Webspinner or Infest, not as a standalone card that takes your deckslot. Easy dust.
well, I know we use to call it "La Liga" in Poland, most of the time, although the official name is Primera Division, right?
you do need to hit the body for stagger, don't you?
&gt;You will, in that hour beyond hours, in that time when time is no longer known, hear ~~four~~ two simple words. ~~yo, fuck hunter bro~~ **Greetings, traveler** ftfy
it also forces one of the players to go for sub-optimal deployable (I mean, most of the times there are better choices over mines, especially on DW)
I was able to obliterate him with several shots from HE Judge, which already is one of the go-to weapons on DW. So it's not exactly limiting loadout space, since you want some explosive weapon for utility anyways.
my immediate response is: "The end is comming"
Could be, but actually these high variance cards have already been identified as a kind of threat to competetive level of play, because they decrease the factor of players' actual skill by some degree. If you trade Yeti into King's Elekk, you know exactly what the outcome will be and can evaluate if it's a fine play or not. If you trade Shredder into King's Elekk you have way harder time evaluating this play since you can never be sure of the outcome. This is the situation were RNG factor is extremely important and can dictate the pace of the next few turns. In Magic, your variance is bigger because you can play certains card at differnt phases of yours or opponent's turn, however though regardless of when you play it, you may pretty precisly determine the outcome of the play.
I would say it is, considering how Face Hunter struggles for dealing enough damage before opponent stabilizes.
so is Midrange Hunter, Renolock, Ramp/Beast Druid
keep in mind, execute is in most cases 2 for 1 yourself as you need to enable it with something else
still the dozer stun part is very relevant and also the case of ammo efficiency, shield knockback is nice, but that means you either need to shot 2 times or use melee and shot, he judge will just oneshot them through shield
1. The deck has a strong curve out and ability to put a lot of pressure from early to late phase of the game 2. Spells are flexible and can be used both as offensive tool to finish games quicker or as a pretty efficient removal 3. Highmane and Call of the Wild are extremely hard to deal with cards capable of winning the game all alone. I think that when evaluating the deck you should look on it's overall state, and you just compared it to two possibly worst matchups. You need to look further. Hunter is capable of outpacing other midrange decks right now and be an incredible threat to control archetypes as well. It plays out similarly to Secret Paladin in the meaning it relies on curving out with very strong indivudually cards and has t6 and t8 silver bullets (Higmane and CotW). Like t2 Toad/Elekk into Animal's companion into Wolf into Tiger into Higmane is unbeatable for many decks or just puts them so far behind. It struggles a lot versus Zoo and Aggro Shaman (Rogue at times as well) hence why ppl tend to tech against them heavily. But outside of that Hunter has really good matchups.
the official Blizzard statement on deck trackers, if the same thing can be done with paper and pencil, it is allowed to use.
What would be agood replacement for China Puff if I don't have this dlc (have all others though)?
The combo is long dead since Warson nerf, but Patron is still viable deck but as a midrange archetype. So if you have the cards, go for it, it's pretty decent now. Handles Zoo and Shaman pretty well.
oh my sweet summer child...
Gazhrilla in Warrior
Astounding!
&gt;On my mid-hunter I've played 8 warriors in a row lucky you, I would also like to run into my most favourable matchups (unless they wer Pirate Warriors)
&gt;Finley and Brewmaster to get a heropower that negates the 1 damage you take every turn. or just tournament medic and you can even ping yourself for heal
Up to you, personally I don't care about gold cards in HS just as much as I don't care about foils in MTG - as long I have a normal copy, the additional gold copies are turned to dust.
&gt;Priest is worth the mana and may win you the game but in mana cases mind control may be better. Not one of the worst but not great either. it's total garbage, because the way is worded means you take control of 2 minions until eot and can't do shit with them because they most likely have no charge
oh, for some reason I thought Shadow Madness wording also includes giving Charge to minon until eot, i mean the card mechanically works this way
&gt;When I play my fifth match in a row against Zoolock at rank 15, I consider that player to be much less skilled than the player using Grim Patron at the same rank and that is a really wrong assumption &gt;Playing against you is a privilege, and without the players like you that seek challenge and diversity over an easy ladder clim it's not like other decks pilot themselves or something...
[trap procs first, you can go to 0 or negative life and heal back up to positive](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoafHKc2ZJI)
I believe it's because you either play vs decks that keep your board clear, or you strive for board control be trading back and forth - there is very little space for Battle Rage in both of these situations.
Ancestors Shaman - you make around a strong control shell with spells (bolt, stormcrack, ls, ed and so on) and use ancestor's call to cheat in big creatures like yshaarj, ysera, rag, maybe soggoth?
How am I supposed to complete the Stopwatch mission now?
To be honest - any will, depending on context and game state.
Any that can snowball of dominating early board, Hunters early plays are not particularly strong and have little come-back mechanics before turn 8
The idea of leaving all the possible cards in arena card pool is not the best imo. The arena expansions should rotate exactly same way as constructed does. This would make us have shifting limited format with a better fixation in terms of available card answers. And that's not only the case of removal. Soon the card pool will be so big, players won't be able to play around everything.
flair checks out
I don't think you can really desribe it much in detail so I will just say "I consider what cards and in what order I can play with this mana and how could the opponent respond to that".
that's actually a fair explanation, I accept that :)
&gt;I doubt you've never been annoyed with another player. Defnitely, I've never been annoyed by players who use all the time given to the according to rules. If there was an illegal way of extending your turns on purpose, then that might probably get me annoyed. It's not the same case as in MTG, where players are given 50 minutes overall to play their match, so slowrollers there might get on your nerves, but it's not like you can't tell that to a judge if you believe someone is doing it on purpose.
I'd say only Priest now is the class that can't reliably climb ladder. Other classes have at least one archetype capable of doing so, it's just for some of them it requires some tech. sure Shaman, Warlock, Warrior and Hunter are the very top of the food chain, but Mage and Druid are not so far behind while Rogue and Paladin both have one strong deck that can definitely get you even up to legend.
&gt;And by obvious I mean turn 1 rope Flame Imp it is really a key decision for Zoo to play a correct 1-drop, it really atters if you go squire, imp or voidwalker
Turn timer is 75 seconds, and yes, sometimes it can take that much, especially in case where I am on draw with a hand of like, 3 different 1 drops, coin and 3 drop and play against a deck like mage or warrior. It really is imprtant how do I navigate my first turns so I will use any time needed to think of the perfect line. There's many questions to answer in that matter - do I play Flame Imp or Villager or both? Do I coin out Imp Gang Boss turn 2 or play double 1 drop? Did they play anything on turn 1? What potential spells are worst case scenario for me, Frost Bolt or Arcane Missles? Or sometimes I will just freaking rope with having only 1 valid play, just to bluff the opponent I have a strong hand with vast options available.
There's just only one sub-tree designed for Stealth play - you max this out, and there's not really much more you need apart from that. Personally I get jack of all trades aced so I can bring both Jammers and a single Body Bag Case (which is not needed in most cases anyways) plus the skills that allow you to run faster and have more stamina
It's not even the case of Kira getting kills, it's just a massive tactical and tempo advantage. Even if enemy won't fall for the laser itself, Kira's team wins by getting a field advantage and ability to push for more agressive defense setup or flank more effectively.
If they are disabling Stopwatch, how about they disable Stopwatch missions as well?
Opponent as druid: t1 innervate deathlord Me: coin, shadow word pain, deathlord pops ysera
rogue can't wipe a full board of beefy minions with 4 mana 2 card combo
&gt;this new mulligan idea will not add a decks 5 highest cards so make aggro even more consistent? no longer bricks on starting hand like doomhammer or leeroy?
Do not jump into higher difficulties before you get comfortable with the game. I understand there was free weekend and game is on sale, so many new players appear, but it really gets me when e.g. I host Biker Heist Pro DW and see low level no infamy players join in and then fail miserably. Heck, even when I host Ovk Rats, I don't mind low level players, because I can probably solo the heist anyways, I do even try to give them advices on what to do and usually tell them not to cook, or try to explain how it works, yet they still fail hard and behave like it's not their fault. Guys seriously, there's nothing wrong with playing on normal/hard/veryhard if you're beginner...
you still need to get to escape zone afaik
TIL. Stil I hardly believe that they ended the heist the second OP joined it, so he had no way to leave before realizing what's happened there.
the bigger odds are, opponent will just dc
I mean, BGH is still damn good for dealing with anything you mentioned here except 7/7
[[Power word: Glory]]
you ability to stack up armor doesn't really matter, as at the end of the day Priests will be ones who have board, and having a board can beat up any amounts of armor really, unless you are very deep into fatigue
Don't really think there's much specific to tech against cw that won't work against others - Double Entomb and SWD is standard already. Harrison is useful against Shaman/Hunter/Paladin/Rogue. You don't really play Thoughtsteal nowadays, rather 4/3 deathrattle instead which is already great value (although I just play Yeti here personally, because it conests the board better vs Shaman). If you play N'Zoth variant you are even in stronger position here.
Every current aggro deck in meta is capable of doing so. Also notice it's not like they always have Reno on 6. And many times you can tell that, if they use their premium removals too early, or are scared of every single 1/1 you have on board.
He doesn't need to, stick one or 2 at most to succeed. And because of Entomb it's likely warriors will not have removal for everything.
you need adventure unlocked first anyways
None of your business
&gt;What the heck? These guys have like 10 legendaries each. How are they at my rank? Well you see, having a tier deck doesn't mean you know how to pilot it.
when was C'Thun Druid good then? It had like a week breakout only because it was easy to build, without much tinkering about cards, that's it. C'Thun Druid was never a good deck, it was playable (and still is) but nothing else.
&gt;Gone are the days where you could make a non adventure f2p deck like trump did and do well. http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/579870-f2p-legend-on-a-new-account-in-3-days Like this one? Or the King of the Plebs that was like 3 months ago or something? (1,6k dust decks with 1 adventure wing at most). Basically if you know your shit you've got way better shot at winning with f2p deck if you know how it plays out, than a bad player with a tier deck. And OP shouldn't be really aiming for Legend just know, so getting anything below that is absolutely doable.
How about you wait for the next expansion to release, cuz no one's magic ball is actually working right now?
No, they get MSOG packs now. And hey, I'm not really telling every new player has to reach legend in 3 days. I'm just proving my point that knowledge of how to play certain deck is more valuable than having a tier deck and not knowing how to play it. If a new player was able to achieve half of these in like a month, that still would be absolutely fine.
&gt;Jade Golem Druid killed Control Warrior. The death of Control Warrior ushered in a new era of Aggro. That's why current meta top decks consist of: 2 aggro decks, 2 control decks, a midrange deck and a tempo-combo deck and said Jade Druid crying down in the corner, right?
Patches goes into more decks, and even if you don't wanna play aggro, there's still miracle.
That's almost as much armor as regular Control Warrior was able to get in their matches pre MSOG
Confirmation bias
*cough cough* Reserved list
Well, in fact, you're right. At the end of the day it turns out getting into Modern costs you less in overall than staying competetive in Standard for several rotations, especially when you consider some Standard staples are not really cheaper than Modern ones (price of Baby Jace was ridiculous for some time). For Legacy, there still is an issue of card supply which is very low, and even though they try to fight against it, this stupid Reserve List that breaks everything down. All in all, Wizards bank on new players the most, for most of them it's easier to spend 100-200 dollars for standard deck every few months rather than spend 500 or more for one modern/legacy deck.
It's unfair that a single hero power, Tank Up, counters entire archetype, Freeze Mage
And yet that doesn't stop us from having control decks and Control Warrior from being an actual good choice. Jade Druid is really too small percent of meta for control/fatigue decks to even care, especially when they are so good against all other archetypes
They would do that if they wanted to encourage people to play it, not ignore.
Control Warrior
&gt; Doomsayer was supposed to be an answer for that and he is - you're trying to prove using a single example that Doomsayer is not a good anti-aggro tool in vacuum, while he is. You also deny the existence of other cards, so while they are removing your t1 Doomsayer while developing their board they are playing straight into your Hellfire, Demonic Warth, Volcanic Potion, Fan of Knives or whatever... Edit: Oh and by the way: &gt;7 repeatable damage on turn 2? not repeatable, FWA has only 2 charges so you lose 5 damage in total after that, you shouldn't count weapons as constant threat but as a burn spell.
I'm not gonna argue but I'm pretty sure I saw this interaction on stream, a pirate was played as a 7th minion, and you could see cannon animation and patches was discarded from the deck
well, all decks in t1 have favourable matchup against renolock
&gt;probably still warlock since tap is still so good in that case. he is not even the best Kazakus class right now. Mage is far better.
It's there to match up better against control, not aggro, apparently
r/hearthstone would not exist without this Fandral "bug" daily topic
haha, jokes on you! and search bar is in the top right corner
speak for yourself
if you want to play that kind of deck, your wincon should be malygos, but I understand you might not be able to craft it since you are new player
the difference is, the Brann combo doesn't do much the turn it goes off, meanwhile if you cast Malygos, you are likely killing your opponent the very same turn.
Emperor tick, Preparation
So far it's you who uses the fact of being anonymous on internet to offend others...
it will surely get more interesting
No Tass changes is very interesting
RemindMe! 125 years
if the MM was to distritube players so evenly it would take just that long period of time to find the perfectly balanced 10 players setup another case is, players use to judge others by single match they've played with/against them and then come here and complain "OMG this MM is so bad I had this super stupid players in my team while enemies had pros, why is this so unbalanced" while in fact you could be matched with guys of very, VERY similar mmr
it is when mm fails to find similar players
Do you realize such big differences happen on very rare occasions? If it happens to you often I would start off with considering what server and what time of day do you play
Again, if you engage him 1v1 without the ability to avoid him or cancel the laser, you deserve to die. And in teamfights it's the tank job to do it for you. And if you team lacks cc overall, the blame is also on you and your team for drafting badly.
[Need a light?](http://www.hearthpwn.com/cards/35226-flamewreathed-faceless)
He stole that quote from Flamewreathed Faceless... Nexus will tremble before the FOUR MANA SEVEN SEVEN!
Well you could say it's pretty fine. There's no single standout deck that is straight better than the others... and the possibilities to build u your list is plenty.
well, Demonic Tyrael is this kind of skins you ask for...
Yes, it's the only thing to spend gold at now, especially that I have full hero collection.
I do, but my Control ST does quite nice against them...
Actually he is one of the better damage dealers for tanks right now
Because he is a GOLD goblin
Afair in OW it works the way the standard chests are replaced with event chests for the duration of the event. They coest the same as normal ones. I'm not sure though if it works retroactively - if you have an amount of chests to open, do they change into event ones as well.
She has Ring of the Royal Grandeur (if I got this name correct) so she doesn't need the orb to have all set bonuses, that's why she is using some generic one.
Furnace comes to my mind as a possible reason to do so, in case you want something else in the Cube.
&gt; Using Regis to also eat axemen/boost discard guys (i dunno what they are called) Regis does nothing against those cards...
You get a card, that's usually way more value than 10 power
Then I kinda dunno how to use search... Deleting pos
Axemen seems good, no? Their weather and bears are irrelevant most of the time, Axemen can't grow due to you not playing much non-gold units. Or you can just blow them up with something like Ithlinne into double shrooms.
Regis just puts the card into graveyard, not banish it. So basically the worst you can do for them is fuck up with their Shieldmaiden chain
What ambushes were in your deck for Insegrim to play?
I posted it after the game finished
&gt;even though buffed Dwarves keep their buffed stats while in the graveyard. If so then... ...Vicovaro intensifies... ...if only anybody played ST :D
I mean, what's the reasoning behind this play exactly, it's not really that hard for monsters to overcome this and even end up with card advantage
Borkh in his human form. Azar Javed, Savolla and other characters associated with Salamandra.
&gt;For those who are unaware, in every game, the player who goes first is at a disadvantage because it is easier for the opponent to make you over-commit to a round that they were gonna pass on anyways. At the same time, the player who goes first can force the second to go down on cards with high tempo plays I mean, the one thing they could do is give it the same treatment as MTG - the winner of coin toss (or dice roll or whatever) gets to decide who goes first.
The same way as Hearthstone and other online CCGs
&gt;And IMO, his talent tree is a mess, too quest oriented. Firstly, there is no decent no quest route. And without completing the 100 quests he has, he is just weak. Rolling Thunder level 1 isn't too bad, would even say it's pretty good for solo lane since it provides the most mana and health sustain early on. Level 7 Follow Through is the best option so realistically your only quest to complete is level 4 which actually isn't so hard and doesn't take long. I agree on the part that this very talent has no competition on it's tier.
Cantrip, not cycle...
Current incarnation of Jade Druid doesn't actually match up that bad against pirate warrior anymore...
It's not just against quest rogue, it's against any deck because the cards are currently solid, with a benefit of you being able to pull a win out of your ass.
&gt; You also are ignoring my point that the un-fun nature of playing against the deck is more relevant than the fact that is indeed oppressive, whether you can see that or not. Because that's just bullshit argument to me. "I don't like this deck because I lose to it. Pls nerf."
Go go Gadget's arm!
I think that whether he was worth more or not, a club wanting to buy him needed to trigger his clause. Coutinho doesn't have one hence why Liverpool can ask 1 billion for him.
Bye.
&gt; bag bagayoko I see what you did there
inb4 Return to Goblins vs Gnomes
it will see play eventually, the effect of the card is really good, but it might need rotation for it to happen
Cahill only struggled at the beginning of the season. He plays very solid now, especially as a central defender in our back 3.
He is representing his club, not only as a team in the competition but also a brand. So his actions affect brands image. Public videos of a sportsman smoking, drinking and swearing is not a good PR for the club.
I think Lemar is not quite the same position and playstyle as Barkley, hence we still can target him in the summer. Barkley is to be a goalscoring option for our midlefield. Lemar is more of a creative one, so Cesc's position. And personally I believe we might part ways with Cesc pretty soon.
well technically not in one window
Shocking if true
Well, so far I would say we're doing ok. Barkley maybe isn't very flashy player, but the overall deal we're making is pretty good. If we can land any of our rumoured targets this winter, personally I'm satisfied.
He played for the biggest clubs despite young age, and is having a solid season with us so far, likely going for 20+ goals in the league.
with Ross we currently have 5 midlefielders while playing 3 in the match squad, and Cesc turning 31 this year
what's so outstanding about these stats actually?
it is a rather universal cards that can go not only to aggro but also midrange archetypes and even control to some degree
yes that is a strong card, game has to have both strong and weak cards
Glad to hear that
He is literally one of the few players today who tries to do something
yet somehow we struggle to fuck them u
I'll go with a statement, Baka's 2nd half is better than Danny's
&gt;Card rarity should indicate how interesting a card is to play with, not how powerful it is and that's how it is.
considering that usually winter for Poland is something like -15 C, no
Boom is probably still the most powerful card standalone.
The new AoE that uses your armor? Sleep is too good anyways
It's good for climbing if you face lots of Raza Priests, since the matchup is fairly good for Warrior
Valid point, but it OP wants to play Warrior for whatever reason, it's good to acknowledge you have very positive matchup against The most popular deck in meta. Also the aggro matchups are not so bad I guess.
my point is just to state winter here is not quite there for us
because he was brought to the club at that time, that is Vanja though, not Sergey
50$ every 3-4 months, just like I do pre-orering each expansion. These preorders in addition to whatever gold I'm able to accumulate allow me to have majority of collection and play vast range of different decks
Given the restrictions you have when building this kind of deck and fact you have to pass up on a number of really good cheap spells that would fit in this kind of deck shell, yes, it is normal. You sacrfice some powerful stuff to do other powerful stuff
Bloodsail Corsair
you can make mistakes in a matchup and still win, the point is to realize that and eliminate them in the future
I still don't understand how some player even want to go to China. I mean, those of older age sure, but ones who are in contention to play for the top clubs in Europe, with plenty of years to play at top level still. Can't stand that.
well, Dzeko wouldn't be too bad to be honest. Personally I would like to see Mario Balotelli.
nah, Papis Cisse is long gone from Newcastle, there's no one to punish us
just wow... can't use any other words
It's plain simple I can explain that with my very own example. I'm a long time player with rather a big collection and ability to build nearly any meta deck. I usually do not play much HS though, simply can't afford to, even when I have plenty of free time to play games, I don't wanna devote to HS only. I usually float around ranks 8 to 5 within a month, while I believe I could get to legend given I invested more time than playing just few games every second day. I also do play Wild so sometimes I jest get to really low ranks because I played other format last month.
Not denying that. I just claim this stat is pointless without context
Did he dip down so much? I was rather disappointed when he left us, since I rated him quite high as a player.
you never know until you apply for the offer
yes and it isn't that strong because if you can withstand their superior draw (which is doable for at least several decks) they head into fatigue so freaking fast
hire people who can do the programming part while you take care of card balance and design
Probably ever user here might give you a different answer. Personally I think the "armor gain" versions is the best currently. Cuts Jade Spirit, plays breaching paths, oaken summon + the 3/6 taunt (can't remember the name)
in China
not that strong in terms of non-Jade decks, the draw power it provides is substantially better if you never run into fatigue, while in Big Druid for instance, you usually don't even want to ever cast the second copy of UI
then I guess you answered yourself the question
1 &amp; 2 can be said about several other cards, if Jade Druid didn't exist way less people would complain about UI because it's far less impactful in other archetypes it sees play in.
Yes, ultimately that could be the factor that brings in more players into the game. If people get to know game X got a well working report &amp; punishment system for toxic players I'm more than sure many would try the game for that sole reason.
how did he end up in MU then?
-Come to Chelsea, claim your destiny -And what must I give in return? -Everything...
more like Conte vs World
Second goalless match in a row. I don't have a effing clue what's happening with the team. We created chances but overall style of play felt so stagnant. We have some serious problem in the midlefield, and that's not Bakayoko or Drinkwater, we lack runners. We had only our front two of Morata and Hazard + Moses who would try to get involved in the box, and few attempts from Alonso. Kante is excused, that's not really his job. But rest of the midlefield has to bring in the numbers in the front. Danny doesn't do that, Baka attempts to do that but does really bad (this problem can possible be fixed), and Cesc doesn't really do that either. We can't be this static in the buildup. Can't wait to see if Barkley can improve our team on that (and I hope he does). I also do really not know what's the thing with Conte. Last season when the team had a period of worse performance he would quickly react either with squad revamp or tactics revamp (3-4-3 after LFC and Arsenal defeats last season). This season we stick to the same formation that mostly struggles and Conte is not really trying to change anything, be it change formation again or give the chance to some other players. And I believe there's so much that can be done. Why not try to go to 4 at the back again? 4-3-3 with Kante +1 in the midlefield, Hazard at #10, Willian/Pedro on the wings and Morata up front. Why not try Willian in the midlefild in 3-5-2 (creative, hardworking and able to make runs or linkup with Hazard/Morata). Why not go back to 3-4-3?
So you kind of confirmed yourself that all three of these cards need certain kind of deckbuilding to be good? Patches needs Pirate Packgage, Creeper needs minion based deck, and Trogg needs Overload cards. Meanwhile Boom would literally go into any deck, regardless of what it was. At the time of his dominance only Freeze Mage wasn't playing it, for all the other archetypes he was a nobrainer to put into a deck, be it aggro, midrange, control or combo.
I don't think Hazard has any in his contract. Therefore clubs must reach agreement first before they can negotiate with Hazard himself.
Not running these certain cards would make these 3 cards substantially worse, like for instance, current Token Shaman only runs Jade Claws as overload cards, that would make Trogg not a really good card in this deck, just a Dire Mole most of the time.
He played for Juve and Madrid before - clubs which are among the best in Europe, it's not unreasonable to expect from a player who comes from these kind of clubs for a big sum of money to be able to finish properly.
there are still decks that can work on a budget, Spiteful Priest for instance can work with no legendaries (Pirate packgage is optional)
I believe it might be a case of us wanting to become a self-sustainable club. Keep in mind we want to get a new stadium, so a proper long term plan is needed to to repeat Arsenal's fail in this matter. Anything that can keep us in contest for top 4 and challenge the title will be fine. In addition to that finally giving any manager more than 2 years might result in us finally finding the team identity.
That sad moment when of whole midlefield it is Kante who comes with the best run so far
he was actually quite good today once we switched to 343
So if one refuses to use certain players, who is to be blamed? Sure, squad doesn't have the best depth, but it's not like you are forced to play the same XI every single match. There are players who can be a fine alternative. Some of them should be starters (Willian)
he was playiing well last season, this season feels like lost his confidence
how the fact Conte might be leaving changes anything about our need to have some alternative for Alonso?
yes, lootcrates are irrelevant to the point Overwatch is huge success as a game
Conte doens't really play with wingers either. Wingbacks are mainly to provide width in the formation, be it 352 or 343. So for the last 5 years (3 with Mou and 2 with Conte) we didn't really play wingers.
&gt;I’m not sure Then I tell you it would be unplayable. You can only make use of it if your remaining cards number is no bigger than amount of empty card spots in your hand,
So what your point is? If people want to be competetive at something, and succeed thy will seek any ways, advices, methods to improve and be the best. It's applied to anything not just HS. You got several other ways of getting that info, but internet is obviously the easiest one.
There are more cards then Raza rotating out.
well obviously no deck/class can counter several different archetypes at once
but it's not the problem of Priest, that's how card games work, there is no option to counter control/midrange/combo/aggro at the same time, and if there is, that is what you call OP deck
Jade Druid required nerf because it literally had no negative matchups. Raza Priest has, that's the difference
K
He's 30, we would offer him 1 year contract
my bad then
&gt;buff the spellstone to clear 2 things how could warlock spellstone clear 2 creatures? &gt;proceeds to play 3 arcane giants turn 6 means he played at least 10 spells by turn 6, you mentioned only 3, so what were the other 7?
35m is just the transfer fee, don't forget the wages and supposed fee for agent (10m the media claims)
well, I personally don't like this transfer due to wage demands, but that would be GAZUMP of the year for sure
Se queda
more like flashbacks of Mikel
I can't really remember when was the last time we had aggro meta...
fair enough
can anyone give me tldr on all this Rodwell stuff?
deck sole popularity is not yet the reason for nerfs, winrate is also take into account, my main point though is that MTG level of fucked up is probably even higher now and if same happened to HS people would have gone crazy
we already had exactly 1581275918265826175876128 posts about it here... reported for spam
1. Mkhi going to Arsenal for 40m 2. They used that money to gazump our Carroll deal
I know it;s been only few minutes, but Baka looks much more confident with the ball so far.
Seriously, Baka's on point with the passes, makes moves to open up himself to other teammates, backs up defenders who didn't manage to come back after a corner. What happened?
FUCKING FINALLY!
this is also match against a team that wasn't any threat to us except one Oliveira shot
4th sub in extra time?
no, we were not running that fast...
I would expect us much lower...
Sebastian Abreu.
I pity he's injury but take it as good news that he's not comming, that's what I'm celebrating
Like his injury is something I can affect or not, it's part of this sport, and apparently happens to him quite too often. Honestly, I don't care if he's actually injured or not I care about the fact we're not going for him because of that.
29 years is pretty young for a tree...
kill me pls...
29&gt;29 it seems
I know how it works, but that's not the topic of this article, it's age, not wages.
Not defending, explaining. Never said that would be a good signing. Just stating why would Conte want other player instead of Michy.
He's inside forward/poacher, not target man.
Well, Tier 2 for us, but prolly Tier 0 for Italian football.
"thanks for the seasono" before it was cool
We can kind of rely on Morata, but we definitely can't rely on Bats.
Roma fans can he also play LB? Wondering if we could reliably go back to 4 at the back with him and go with something like 4-2-4
As far as I got to learn from some Roma fans over is that he was pretty good last season. Currently recovering from ACL injury. Can play both LB and LWB
MU still has an option for one more year on his contract
That's what the respective variances of these decks did in the past. Handlock was good versus Patron, so was Control Mage (aka Echo Mage back then)
We have Johnny Sins, we're fine
Here you fat donut. How the fuck does it even compare, Thibaut with occasional injury vs Carroll who gets injured very frequently?
&gt; someone who has suffered an injury &amp; couldn't make his dream move successful if we really wanted him, we would go for him neverthless, this season the only player who was not injured when we signed him was Zappacosta
DK, Voidlord, Lackey
Crouchy bicycle kick goal in 90+3 minute to get as through, and that robot dance celebration. MEMES OVERLOAD
actually Baka was MOTM 3 days ago, he actually looks much much better when we play 3-4-3.
Baka and Kenedy were rated the highest in our team for that match. Tbh, despite Caballero having the deciding save, he didn't have much to do over the course of a whole match.
Plaiyng so nervous. Calm down lads!
well all spells deck is definitely unique considering we didn't ever had such archetype before
Fine change. We are in no rush to make Barkley play after injury.
what a ball from Charly!
I liked dog gifs more tbh
It's called Cubelock. Demonlock is a Zoo variant and a completely different deck. Best deck to beat it is Highlander Priest
No, we need him to make a deal with Roma
Tbo - Azpi, Cahill, Rudiger - Alonso, Kante, Baka, Zappa - Hazard, Morata, Willian
I think you missed quite a few games where the same deck could just do nothing because they didn't draw DK or Scream
wait what? they offered 50m, Roma declined that offer, wanted 60m. Why do we offer 44 now?
oh. ooooooooh...
So he does to Sunderland after all?
The problems are both LB and RB. Alonso and Moses are not the best defensively, and playing back 4 means they have much more defensive duties. It's not about not being able to play it, it's about the fact it is much less effective. Leaves us more potent to opposing attacks this way and shuts down our ball playing defenders quite a bit. This might change with Emerson's arrival since he is more suited for LB and on the right we could use Azpi. This leaves us with Rudiger, Cahill, Christensen and Luiz for CB.
Don't you remember what kind of team were we when we won CL?
no one said he's not going to be a starter if he proves to be better than Alonso
My Huawei Mate 10 Pro also has irregular screen ratio yet doesn't have problems with HS, I can either stretch it or play with black bars on the side. Doesn't seem like issue with the app.
&gt;If a Stealthed minion attacks or deals any kind of damage, it will lose Stealth so what's exactly so surprising?
Well, in that matter I believe his goalscoring record is defending him well. The problem is when you play such a terrible game defensively like he did last weekend.
No, as much as I like Luiz, we shouldn't extend. We have a luxury of all our defenders being good at playing with the ball, while currently all of them are doing better defensively than Luiz. He still isn't reliably in this matter and makes some silly mistakes or doesn't watch his positioning. We have Zouma on loan who is very talented, Ampadu is already getting some starts for us at this young age. There's a chance we'll make something out of Miazga (although personally I believe he's not gonna make it). Our CB position is well and secured without Luiz.
Last time I checked 4 was not a negative value...
&gt;Our revenue was hurt a lot by no European football Was it really, CL revenue doesn't compare to PL revenue and we just got a hefty sum for winning the league, like twice as much as Real got for CL?
Could you just please get any clue, sir, before posting this kind of comment?
We already gave you one and I hope you can use him well. Don't bank on that left back experiment Mourinho started.
Ye, we pay like quarter of the sum we would pay for Alexis for him
Didn't Kante have a buy-out clause? So the money talks thing was only over his wages, and I believe he doesn't earn a sum, Arsenal couldn't offer him.
Deathrattle is both an ability of a minion and an effect. Silencing the effect still makes this minion a deathrattle card.
Yes, he used Mind Control, since Thoughtsteal is an ability non existent in WoW.
But we're not getting Carroll, and it's not like we can't afford anything. We still spent a hefty sum in the summer. Now we got Barkley which is low risk high reward deal, and likely getting Dzeko + Emerson Palmieri. No club in the world bombs 100m+ every window. EDIT: Lukaku didn't play shit for us FYI.
but it's qm so that comps barely happen, unless some stacks draft Hammer comp
Don't forget he played 2 games over last 7 days. He also might not be that useful for as against Arsenal as a starter.
Why are they booing Moses? :o
if we just had 1 more offensive player on the bench instead of 2 center backs, that could have gone either way too
the match was on Tuesday and Musonda was not in the match squad
That's what I hope for, although would prefer us going for Telles
the biggest issue I see with our youth being loaned is finding them a club where they will have that regular playtime. Many times it would they would just go on loan and play like 5 matches in season. Christensen was given a chance, was regular a started and developed nicely. Van Ginkel in PSV now is another example. Right loan strategy may lead to our development plan bring benefits.
pretty good in PSV. Currently on 10 goals and 3 assists in 18 matches this season.
Afaik Roman is the one to found a new stadium and it has nothing to do with Chelsea's transfer budget. Cannot understand the board vs Conte conflict part. Even if they don't wanna support him and expect him sacked at the end of the season, we still need these signings, we just loaned Kenedy and are about to loand Baba Rahman so we are left with literally no one to be able to sub Alons on LWB.
He really wasn't since few years already. He wants the club to be self sufficient in that matter. What hurt as more is the fact this season we had no revenue for european cups, since last season we participated in none. Also the new sponsorship contract we signed with Nike kicked in just this season, so the cash for that will be counted for at the end of the season. All in all there's a possibility for bigger spending in summer. Still an amount of 50m for 2 players should still be easly in our reach, but problem is the contract and our policy for 30+ players.
I will put in all my savings too if that helps!
Bertrabd would be a proper backup now. His problem was he didn't want to be a backup only, while he's not good enough to be a starter material. Also in his time at Chelsea his competition was prime Ashley Cole, not someone you can really compete with.
Your main combo is Aviana, Kun, Ixlid, maygos, faceless on malygos and burn spells. Gameplan is to use your superior draw with Nourish/UI + stall card in form of taunts and armor gain to live until your combo turn. The trick is many times you don't really need full combo for the kill, as sometimes Aviana, Kun, Malygos, Faceless is already enough, depending on how many burn spells you have in hand - usually 2 is enough for kill, so don't hesitate to use some of the moonfires to kill of problematic minions if that secures your survival. Personally I don't quite like Poison Seeds in here but it's all up to personal preference.
it can as well be badly targetted ad, you know. Like, someone fucked up with the criteria.
well, the misplay would be about not recognizing opponent's deck correctly and tailoring wrong kind of DMH hand, apart from burning the second copy of it.
I got a thought. Do you think the narration of some answers would change if Conte could speak Italian? We know he doesn't still feel fully comfortable with English language.
BREAKING: Chelsea bid 30m for Tim Cahill.
was it wild or standard? did he play any cards that could generate additional jade idols?
The topic is rather more about how we can't compete financially with them. And that is absolutely true.
We would be most likely, since Hazard contract lasts longer, we would surely be able to get a nice sum for him, to reinforce squad.
She is an assassin and yet all of their skills except FoK are utility not damage. She's gonna need a setup to win teamfights.
We're back to a point where I said it's wrong from a manager to expect players' injury won't happen. Also in the case I can only see Barkley getting playtime if the score was favoured for us. That's still wrong to sub him if you're chasing the score. You could totally expect Barkley won't have any impact of the game, given his long term injury, and if you seek to players who can change the match on the bench, he's never a name that should make the list for that day.
Meanwhile, we can't sign Carroll before he gets injured again.
He's a god tier reporter for Italian clubs.
but this leaves us with only 3 players who can operate behind forward or as a winger in 3-4-3 - Hazard, Pedro, Willian. If any is to be injured for a longer period of time we're fucked.
Don't need to point that out, I'm aware of that.
Do we? None of the current reports suggest we are after any player on similar position. Only rumours on Dzeko and Emerson Palmieri. Unless we secretly are pulling a Willian on Lucas Moura.
45 millions is not exactly cheap. And Matic wanted to leave himself, to team up with Mourinho again. We generally don't make problems for your players to leave a club if they ask so (with the exception of Costa). So yeah, in general Bakayoko was rushed to play first squad due to Matic leaving, and was rushed after injury, but the narration is slightly different on Matic part.
He is on loan to PSV for a second year and has incredible stats there. I think we might give him a shot next season.
26 milion pounds would make him the 3rd most expensive 30+ player in history.
It's about time you realise it's not about transfer fee, but contract issues. We are willing to pay that sum and Roma agreed to that. The thing is, Dzeko wants a 3 year contract, while we are offering him only a year, since he's over 30 years old. Also, we also did spend 200m last summer. &gt;The last club to completely incorporate young players and do well was AS Monaco and they got raided like a thrift shop in the summer. Real Madrid didn't bring anybody over 25 years old since 14/15 season when they signed Keylor Navas and Chicharito. Also all these time they didn't spend more than 100m a window. EDIT: To expand this even more. We have taken a definitely good direction to bank on long term investments and become more self sufficient without the need to rely on spending big money on all the star players each season.
And he's 84-30 with it!
Would play that in Giants Hunter
Yes, so you agree not all of them are wc players, just like not all of our recent signings are?
And what were YOU doing when you were 16?
What have you done Reddit...
Well, because Di Marzio is not really reliably source for us. Unless he breaks down a story that's involving Italian club as well.
didn't we like not concede a goal from set pieces so far this season? Means we're good at it.
Considering, like half of /r/chelseafc are wondering how is that possible he could make a good run twice already in this match. One could assume he's not really doing that on regular basis.
or Marco van Ginkel?
why not, he's having another great season in PSV. Definitely worth a try, if not sell him with profit
Griezmann
going with this logic, 1st century would be only 99 years
if 2000 is 21st century, then it would mean 100 is 2nd century, hence 1st century are years 1-99 (which is not 100 years) &gt;for example when the clocks strikes midnight it marks the beginning of the first second/minute of the day yes, but there's no year 0 in calendar
TIL; Players use to play for their teams.
honestly, that's incredibly low amount of hero damage from most the players, considering the length of the game
As you mentioned yourself, youth level is totally different. Our whole Youth Team is doing well, doesn't mean these players are worthy of first team, and you still can tell that after a player is given only several minutes of playtime in first team. Heck, even one match full match is not enough. You can score in debut and then play poorly for the next couple of matches
SPL is not as bad as people think. Celtic also has European Cups, and Brendan Rodgers is not bad to be coached by if you're young player. Definitely can see this loan being a good move. 18 months seems long though...
NA can into CS
Didn't he play CSS before?
Control makes no use of Keleseth because they already have big minions and Defile is just too good of a boardclear not to run it. Zoo usually runs Keleseth though
Yesterday Conte said, getting us a striker, doesn't mean Michy goes on loan, since 3 are a minimum for the squad.
Can we just announce signing anybody already?!
1. Yes 2. Not quite I believe as of now.
Honestly, I'm in deep shock they went on with the nerfs that hard. Killed Raza, Patches and Creeper. Bonemare is still ok i guess. PS. Warlockstone incomming?
Anduin is still playable card on its own
there's hardly any "Razakus Priest exclusive" card in the deck though, you still can use them in other decks.
Control Warlock already is adapted to Big Priest with 2x Nether. It's Cube lock that struggles more against it.
So close, no matter how far...
What is Warsong Commander?
but still leaves the card at some level of playability in Arena, while constructed Evolve Shaman could still use it as cheap 7 mana evolve target. Warsong just straigh out died after the nerf
it's not about wages, does he agree for 1 year contract?
&gt;4080 ftfy
Glad to hear that
Here let me explain. Chelsea hits on Arsenal. How much for Giroud? 35m. But we heard BVB needs Auba replacement before they sell him to you. And we have their replacement. So how much for Giroud? The thing is we have other targets. Arsenal do not
Sturridge loan did kill that rumour already I guess.
Fuck, reading more and more news on the topic just gets me confused on who's goin where after all. Cya on February 1st. By this time I only care about us announcing Emerson Palmieri.
finalised my ass, Conte said Michy's in for contention for tomorrows game. Also Tancredi Palmieri...
&gt;Sane's out a couple ~~months~~ weeks not a year ftfy, which makes it even more ridiculous
Ah sure, we should be having Lewandowski as our starter and Kane as backup, while Roman pulls all the money out of his ass. Is that big enough club mentality for you?
Can't tell if fresh news or repost
one call may change it all
&gt;conte doesn't like to change anything to suit certain players that explains why last season he changed formation to 3-4-3 that compliments our players much better
That's absolutely different topic though...
He doesn't want to leave, he agreed for loan because of the WC and he's just getting more minutes with you than with us at this point. Giroud is not our long-term option. Michy is.
Abuameyang: Fuck this shit I'm out.
Anything but 6 months loan without buyout clause is dumb business for us, unless the clause is set to a high amount.
don't forget Ozil, to complete that LMAO quartet
&gt; There is not huge amounts of money in entertaining greasy fatties. Like tournaments with prize pool comparable or bigger than tennis Grand Slam?
If professional chess is a sport, why can't games be? Especially that for competetive gaming you both need to care about your mental and physical form.
didn't say they don't have money though
clikbait
Well, as for Schurrle, the idea to get him was a good one. He was solid with us, but wanted to be regular starter while he was our supersub at that times. Apparently his spell with you didn't turn out so well once he became a regular player.
I won't I'm banned there
duuuuuude...
Kenedy assist
Are we gonna get linked with every manager the same way we were inked with every tall striker in the winter?
He's 38 and I believe he still could be a starting keeper for the club if it wasn't for Begovic. Very solid keeper, despite the age, one of the greatest keeping products of Legia Warsaw's academy (next to Szczęsny and Fabiański)
Yea, but you need to find a way for them to die first.
I just rewatched that clip and no wondering why Sylvanas didn't steal the minion from Cairne deathrattle. Cairne should trigger first because it was played on board first and then Sylvanas.
Nah, we all know what happens with managers that stick with us for 3rd season...
no he actually wants to stay
strange way to spell Pardiola
Every meta deck was someone's own deck at one point and they got far with it, that's why it became meta. So answer to your question is, yes.
Isn't it what gardening leave is all about? Your employee is still on the payroll but is taken off any duties?
At this point I just want to see any announcment, just to know that club is doing ANYTHING
Tony Pulis, June 10, Crouchy
