If it's not an equitable trade, such as being asked to give up the window or aisle seat for a middle seat, or trading a more desirable seat for a less desirable seat, i see no issue in people refusing. When purchasing airline tickets, most brokers give you the option - at no additional cost - to pick which seats you want. If the parent failed to do that and they are separated from their kid, that's on them. Other people are under no obligation to accommodate their lack of planning.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too. I echo 2 sentiments already made here: leaving a legacy before i die, and raising awesome kids to counteract all the shitty ones out there. I can't count all the times in life someone has said to me or my family that i was "raised right" or my parents "did a good/great job on me". That's got to be an amazing point of pride or a sense of accomplishment in parents, knowing they helped mold good people.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too. Kids are loud, messy, and obscenely expensive. I enjoy having my time to do with as i please, and not tied to my spawn. I'm also scared of having a disabled or special-needs kid; i don't have that kind of patience, and I've seen the toll that it can take on families And there are no do-overs with kids: you don't raise them right, and they turn out to be douchebags, that's a reflection on you and how you failed.
I've no problem with SAHMs if the family can subsist on single-income. And i don't mean the father working 2-3 jobs, 70-80hrs a week. I also think there's an inherent responsibility for SAHMs to maintain the household as well, or at least shoulder the majority of the load. The person working full time shouldn't then have to come home to cook, clean, etc. No, it does not take 8 hours of your full attention to watch a baby/child, where you can't do anything else. If my SO wanted to be a SAHM and we could afford it, I'd have no problem with it.
I trimmed off a fair amount the other day, as it had gotten somewhat ragged, was snagging a bit, and - now that summer is here - would have been uncomfortable in the heat.
This next election is just chock full of people i can't stand
I use 3 alarms: 1 on my phone, followed by an alarm clock 10mins later, and 1 more from my phone 10mins after that. The trick is my alarm clock is across the room, so i have to get out of bed to turn it off. Then i typically hop in the shower. The 3rd alarm is my "get up now or be late for work" warning
Jenner is not the first - or the last - "celebrity" to be trans; the transition just so happened to receive an exorbitant amount of media coverage. Jenner's transition is also not typical of the average transgendered individual. They would not generally have access to all the medical procedures available to turn Bruce Jenner into Caitlyn Jenner; most would not be able to afford the 10+ hour facial reconstruction, in addition to other plastic surgeries, that allow Jenner to pass as a woman. Additionally, Jenner does not face the intense discrimination and bullying (internet comments excluded) a transgender person - especially a young person and/or someone not living in socially tolerant community - would face on a regular basis. The award, given by ESPN, is supposed to be sports-oriented (though not exclusively); Jenner's athletic career has been over for decades. The only reason Bruce Jenner was still relevant in the last few years was due to being affiliated with the Kardashians and their reality-show, which is IMO a vapid and insipid blight on American media. The award should be reserved for someone currently relevant in the world of athletics, as a player/competitor or coach, for example.
The written i think is like $150, and the practical like $500? It varies. I'll say under $1000 for sure
The blown light is not in the video
My sister is a dispatcher for the department; she's seen the police report and spoke to the officer about it. From where the video picks up, there's a stop light about 150 yards behind the officer, and another on 150 yards behind that. This is on the only road leaving town in this direction (it's on a barrier island); the vehicle would have to have passed through at least one of these lights, if not both.
I like how everyone here assumes that the hotline operator disconnected him, and there wasn't some kind of techical error that caused it, like a dropped call (since he likely used a cell phone). Not to mention it doesn't look like they presented any evidence that he spoke with an operator, only his word that he tried to call for help and got disconnected.
Whataburger is superior
Whilst living in Colorado Springs, I seriously debated driving the 5 hours to Albuquerque for some
Therein may lie my problem: i used Z for travel/escape, as i would for other heroes. So it seems I was missing out on a strength of his by not employing it properly
I've been there... hell, im still there. My coach is an old hippie, and is non-confrontational, doesn't like to make waves. He'll recruit guys, make a 20-man roster, and then struggle to get 10 to show up every game. The guys he recruits typically are A) old, slow, and weak hitters/fielders, or B) guys that have little to no experience playing ball (softball or hardball) - they don't know how to run bases, which base to throw to, *hitting the goddamn cutoff*, and so on. So the few ballplayers on my team get really frustrated at pop-outs, strike-outs, stupid errors, or lack of fundamentals, and especially at guys who show up whenever they feel like it. But as the coach says, you start harping on these guys and they stop showing up. I like to have fun and all too, but going to a game and getting flat-out embarassed is no fun.
He who expects nothing is never disappointed
Treating the coffee table as a storage facility, as well as a staging area for dirty dishes and garbage. Shes gotten much better at picking up after herself though
I love dogs, support the SPCA, post dog-related videos, but i don't own a dog. I also love planes and (especially) helicopters, including working on them, love flying, but don't own an aircraft or even have a pilot's license. You can have an interest in something and not actively engage in it. Owning and recreationally shooting guns (a hobby I engage in) is a rather expensive endeavour, and - depending on where you live - can be legally restrictive.
/r/news and /r/politics is full of circle-jerk nonsense, and flips sides on an issue depending on the week. Then you have your armchair generals, who have explicit knowledge on how to precisely and correctly deal with a situation, despite having no training or experience in doing so. Such naivety.
That you have to accept and support everyone for who they are, and failing to do so makes you a bigot. No - you don't. That doesnt give you permission to denigrate or discriminate, but you absolutely have the right to not give a shit about someone else's life. You're allowed to be indifferent
Mortar attack at Camp Taji, Iraq. In fairness, I'd just come off 24hr duty, and had music playing in headphones. I also slept through my squad leader pounding on my door to check on me, and only awoke when his repeated pounding had jimmied the deadbolt, and he grabbed my foot.
The same people fawning over him now will be tearing him down when he fails to live up to the hype, just like they did with Obama. Not that Sanders has a chance of winning.
Iowa code section 321, which unregistered vehicle falls under, are classified as simple misdemeanors... which you can absolutely be thrown in jail for, up to 30 days. It's rare, but the law allows for it. While the officer you encountered was overly aggressive, he would be well within his rights to arrest you for failing to fix your unregistered vehicle in the reasonable amount of time allotted to you. So before going on a tear about how this cop was an unstable liar inciting panic and hysteria, make sure you're in the right first.
&gt; This is not on the police to decide. Your own words. Blame your legislature and state Supreme Court, not the police for enforcing the law. I mean, it's obvious you harbor bias against the police, so I'm sure this is falling on deaf ears... "Fix-it" tickets are often ignored, especially in big cities, because the fine is minimal and it doesn't put points on your license. The threat of jail time is often the incentive needed to get the deficiencies fixed in a timely fashion.
&gt;*A Reverend in Mississippi heard something on the radio that he didn't like. Well, Reverend, did anyone ever tell you there are two KNOBS on the radio? Two. Knobs. On the radio. Of course, I'm sure the reverend isn't that comfortable with anything that has two knobs on it. But hey, reverend, there are two knobs on the radio! One of them turns the radio OFF, and the other one CHANGES THE STATION! Imagine that, reverend, you can actually change the station! It's called freedom of choice, and it's one of the principles this country was founded upon. Look it up in the library, reverend, if you have any of them left when you've finished burning all the books.* **-George Carlin**
Reddit is not a *safe space* - individual subreddits can be made to be, but the site as a whole cannot be. What subs like FPH allowed for is containment and isolation of like-minded individuals with opinions that many other Redditors may find distasteful or odious. Yes, there was some occasional vitriolic bleed-thru to other subs, but for the most part FPH's mods made a concerted effort to discourage brigading and doxxing, though it would be impossible to stop all of it. By banning FPH and the like, the admins have now opened the floodgates for those members to take their ire out on Reddit as a whole. Sure, the whole backlash today will die down, but you still have countless displaced Redditors going to other subs to spread their gospel, with more fervor and zeal now. It also adds fuel to the fire that Reddit is moving away from it's original mission - a place for open and free expression - and catering to special interests, including those of the verifiably biased CEO. Even those with no stake in the fight and no love for FPH, like myself, find themselves jumping to their defense in the wake of what is absolute undeniable censorship. All in all it's a bad business decision, because this sets a precedent that Reddit has a duty to protect all members from harassment, which means a slippery slope of more censorship.
Putting "volcano", "chipotle", or "buffalo" will usually grab my attention. "Chicken sandwich"? Meh. "Buffalo chicken sandwich"? That sounds good!
Just on the weekends
&gt;*A Reverend in Mississippi heard something on the radio that he didn't like. Well, Reverend, did anyone ever tell you there are two KNOBS on the radio? Two. Knobs. On the radio. Of course, I'm sure the reverend isn't that comfortable with anything that has two knobs on it. But hey, reverend, there are two knobs on the radio! One of them turns the radio OFF, and the other one CHANGES THE STATION! Imagine that, reverend, you can actually change the station! It's called freedom of choice, and it's one of the principles this country was founded upon. Look it up in the library, reverend, if you have any of them left when you've finished burning all the books.* **-George Carlin** It's not a free speech issue, it's a censorship one. It's reddit catering to special interests.
This is why I could never be a teacher. My immediate reply would be "are you fucking retarded or something? "
Advice i recently received, so far effective: * you're not a damage dealer, but - as long as you're not needing an escape - spam Z to get the 100% basic attack buff. Especially nice with the feral leap talent. Also pick the talent that increases regen in wolf form * ancestral healing is nice in a pinch, but bloodlust can be devastating in big team fights. * pair with melee assassins, especially illidan.
Nice! I'd say the positioning requirement for Backstab might make it a little broken though. Maybe change it to Mutilate, remove the positioning?
This is my issue with child support... you just give money to the custodial parent, and hope they spend it appropriately - you know, like on the kid.
Looks like it snagged an extra chromosome
I like the sound of that rule. Whereabouts is the commit line? We used to have a "slide or surrender" rule to avoid collisions, but that's somehow disappeared. Moot point for this scenario though. Yea this guy is like 65, cant really do much with the glove or the bat, but he fills a slot. I played catcher the last few years because i could make those plays (and my usual first base slot was taken) and command the field, but our infield was lacking. So i asked to try my hand at 3rd (haven't played it in 15 years, in my hardball days), and am doing well, but now behind the plate is basically a hole.
Ouch. Did the time limit thing when i played in the Army at Ft Carson... never much cared for that. We had a game called due to darkness early in May. To the ump's credit, he gave us full warning at the end of the 5th that the 6th was going to be it. In reality we probanly could have played a 7th, but it worked in our favor. The other team pitched a fit, but they played the bottom of the 6th like it was their last at-bats ("tieing run at 2nd" or "winning run at 1st"). They rallied but fell short by 1. Bit we could have came up at batted around in top 7 like we had twice before, and then it probably would have been too dark for their last at-bats. Ump made the right call
Exact opposite situation for me. Marine recruiter kept flaking, Army recruiter next door grabbed me after his 5th no show
I've just started running into AFKers on a decent basis, and i always encourage the team to report then for harassment. They really need to include a "vote to kick" function
Hmmm, maybe now I'll enjoy Malfurion as much as Rehgar.
There does need to be a "vote to kick" function to deal with AFKers
11 people shot in a block party in Detroit on Saturday. 10 more shot in a block party in Philly on Sunday. And now 8 shot in a block party in Philly today. But let's keep focusing on a flag.
This incident, along with the other 2 over the weekend in Detroit and again in Philly, seem more gang affiliated, not mental health related
Yea if that's the best you can find to demonstrate my "no compassion or understanding at all", I think I'm in pretty good shape.
1) Budgetary concerns. Maintaining a full-time paid department for an area that has a minimal amount of fires (under 10, for example) per year is a waste of taxpayer funds. Unlike police officers, who can take a **proactive** role in law enforcement in addition to **reactive**, fire departments are almost entirely reactive. Meaning if there's no fire, they're spending their shift at the fire house (possibly training or maintaining equipment, but more likely not). With volunteers, the city saves a great deal of money by not staffing a fire house 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. 2) Training. Though it may vary by state, in my state all volunteer fireman are required to have the same training and certifications as paid firemen. Volunteers can be "fired" if they are not up to snuff, fail to respond to fire calls, and many other infractions paid fire fighters are subject to. While their professionalism may be lacking compared to their paid brethren, they can be just as capable. Also keep in mind that, unlike some paid police and firemen who take the job simply for the money/prestige/power/etc or have no better options, volunteers reap none of those - they sign up typically because they want to help their community. 3) Quality of life. Bring a paid, full-time fireman is a serious commitment. They are often required to work long rotating shifts and may have to maintain residence at the firehouse. This, coupled with the stress of the job if particularly active, can be rough on home life, being able to spend time with a spouse or children. There can also be restrictions on personal conduct, appearance, and such. Many are not willing to make that sacrifice. Volunteer departments allow people to greatly lessen the impact. Liken it to the National Guard: full time military service places a great deal of stress on servicemembers and their families, but joining the NG allows them to still serve in a generally more relaxed environment, with less intrusion on their personal lives, and only have to respond when needed.
[I Am A Real American](https://youtu.be/eCGoA-dZBzo)
Being allergic to dairy all of a sudden would suck. Totally would throw my diet for a loop. I fucking love cheese. I'd be pretty bummed to be allergic to cats or dogs too.
Well that would make things awkward with that coworker who whistles while they work
Switch hitting is an option
Just keep some epi-pens handy
Cleaning then with shaving cream (like Barbasol) used to be a good home remedy. Don't know if it still works, it's been many years since I've worn glasses
Dear Blizz: your UI sucks. Hire this guy - or throw him a shitton of money - to implement Master Plan as the standard. Also add to mobile armory.
George Washington owned slaves and was a traitor to the English crown - should we be defacing $1 bills and memorials to him as well? No of course not, because he was on the side of the victors, and is remembered as a hero and a founding father. As are countless other American historical figures, many with dubious moral compasses by today's standards. But because the Confederacy lost, they are **all** painted as evil, slave-owning traitors.
[Good call, champ](http://www.authentichistory.com/1921-1929/4-resistance/2-KKK/19250809_Klan_March_on_Washington_version3-Capitol_Steps.jpg)
We "met" on a small community forum back in 2003ish, maintaining contact through other mediums, eventually trading phone numbers. She lived in CA, and I was in the military so I was either on the other side of the country, or completely out of it, so meeting up just never worked out logistically. We were mainly friendly yet flirtatious: more often than not one of us would be in a relationship at any given time. Fast forward to 2013. I'm out of the military, living in NJ but about to be in a wedding in Washington. She was living in Alaska at the time, but I figured this would be the best chance to meet up. I asked her if she would be my +1, which she agreed to. Long story short, we had an amazing 5 days together that we didn't want to end. I didn't want to do the long - distance thing, so I asked her to move in with me in NJ. 2 months later she arrived. We've been living together for a almost a year and a half now. We just bought a house (well, i bought it but she was definitely involved in the process). I've never been happier.
First there's the problem of if the person to be euthanized has the proper capacity to do so. Does their condition affect their judgment? If, for example, someone with an inoperable brain tumor or a mental disease wants to be euthanized, an argument could be made that his/her condition has compromised their mental faculties and altered their thought processes. Or if their fear and desperation has influenced their decision-making, that they're acting more on emotion instead of logic. People facing impending pain and death will no doubt be depressed, perhaps severely: is that alteration in brain chemistry enough to inhibit or influence their judgment? Then you have the issue of lawsuits/money. Does a next of kin, who adamantly oppose euthanasia, feel that the doctor unduly influenced their patient's decision to end their life? Lawsuit. Most (if not all) life insurance policies won't pay in the event of suicide, including assisted suicide - that's not likely to change because that opens a massive can of worms for fraud/abuse. And then there's the possibility of coercion: perhaps from exhausted or selfish family who wish to expedite receiving an inheritance - or are simply tired of being "burdened" by their dying kin. And lastly, the emotional stress it can drop on families. Imagine the strife between a widow, who supported her husband's decision to be euthanized, and her child, who vehemently opposed it. Or the last sour impression a son has for his father - that dad gave up on life rather than fight for every last minute? Or when one decides, with full family support, to end their life, only for a brand new treatment or even a cure to be discovered shortly after death... that decision would be haunting for the survivors (see Star Trek 5, Dr McCoy euthanizing his father).
That was the best SF video in a long time... genuinely funny! I hope Steve does one next
Let me preface this by saying any virulent or hurtful statements about Fisher's appearance were absolutely tactless and uncalled for. Carrie Fisher looks great for her age, but there's no denying that decades of booze and cigarettes, plus some drug use, has certainly had an affect. And thats ok, countless people are subject to that. I think part of the backlash stems from people who held this idealized image of Princess Leia - **not** Fisher - stuck in their heads ever since seeing the original trilogy; they cant let that go, and they cant separate it from Fisher. They see the barely-out-of-her-teens braless beauty in Ep 4, or the sultry and confident bikini-clad prisoner in Ep 6. It's the stereotypical teenage male fantasy, and it's so ingrained in our culture to this day that it's hard for some folks to see past it, and understand that those images are decades old and - just like the actors that play them - characters are subject to aging and other physical changes. They can't separate the fantasy from the reality. I am in no way excusing the negativity that was sent her way. But I do understand the mindset of some of the folks who perpetrated it. Fisher's response was perfect, but will no doubt fall on deaf ears to those still locked into the fantasy they've held for decades.
[Appropriate background music for most of this thread](https://youtu.be/c9p534Q5hhw)
Need some clarification. Please explain to us how you think the 1st Amendment applies in this scenario.
There's no physical evidence, only accusations. The alleged assault that he was arrested for happened in 2004 (I believe), and the main factor in why he was charged was due to the statute of limitations expiring once 2016 hit. Now that he's been charged, it allows investigators to continue to gather evidence. Bill Cosby is afforded to presumption of innocence; the state needs to prove his guilt. Despite the large numbers of accusers that have come forward in recent years, without other eyewitnesses to corroborate or physical evidence - barring Cosby incriminating himself - it's a long-shot for the state to be able to prove his guilt.
Not all federal employees are GS. Many - like myself - are WG. I believe WG are typically tradesmen
What I always tell folks who want pulse rifles and mech suits - we can make those things, but **powering** them is the challenge.
Let's assume youre stateside. Typically you're doing night school, with classes from 6PM on, 1 or 2 nights a week. You wont be able to take more than 3 or 4 classes, and - if I remember correctly - your commander has to sign off on your course load. You can also opt for online classes, but in my experience there's more work to be done, and missing deadlines is less forgiven. And if you lose Internet for whatever reason then you're screwed. If you go to the field, or out to NTC or anywhere outside your normal AO, it's on you to keep up with classwork. Your command isn't going to make any exceptions for you. Maybe your first-line will help you out with duty roster issues, but beyond that don't expect anything. Most professors at the local schools are pretty accommodating when it comes to dealing with scheduling conflicts. Deployments and college typically don't mix. Getting a bachelors degree at this pace is going to take 3 to 4 years. Take whatever CLEP tests you can, and get your MOS evaluated by the school for credit.
Find whatever policy letters are posted in the common area or need-to-know-board, and see if that's posted. If not, snap some photos and make some copies of any posted policies regarding it. Be sure to check any counselling statements you've received since being there, like the handful you sign at inprocessing. You're not getting UCMJ'ed until you see your commander. It might just be the cadre busting your balls. Like others have said, go to JAG. Can regular Army take rank from a Guardsman if they're only there for training?
*The Neverending Story*, regarding Artax's fate. What the fucking fuck - 9 year olds should not have to deal with that.
"Homicide" doesn't mean "murder", folks. Seems to me this was an accident; no doubt there will be civil repercussions, but not likely criminal. Now, is going hands-on with a 70ish year old patient the smartest thing, or even necessary? Probably not. But we weren't there; we don't even know why the patient was in the hospital in the first place. As for everyone equating hospitals to prisons: it's a double-edged sword. If a patient leaves, and later gets injured or killed due to - in part or wholly - whatever ailment put them in the hospital in the first place, the first thing the family is going to demand is why didn't the staff do anything/more to stop them. The second thing will be serving the hospital with a lawsuit. Once you're admitted to a hospital, you become the responsibility of that hospital.
How bad do you think it would look for a political leader who orders an armed assault on American citizens on American soil, especially if it goes tits up like Waco or Ruby Ridge? It's political suicide. The difference between the response here and the responses to protests from BLM or Occupy is that lives will absolutely be lost if the authorities try to use force here. Sure, people get roughed up, tear gassed, etc in BLM protests, but the police aren't going in guns blazing, and street protesters are rarely armed. If the police try to end this Oregon occupation by force, it will be a massacre, with deaths on both sides. How does someone explain to the family of KIA police officers that their sacrifice was necessary to secure a previously unoccupied wildlife refuge facility? How does a political leader justify killing of American citizens - which they are, save the treason labels - for a piece of unused real estate? Keep in mind, these militiamen didnt storm an occupied govt building, take it by force, inflict casualties, or take hostages. I'm not saying that these protesters are in the right, but this is a far more delicate/explosive situation than your standard street protest.
With your edit, the thing that might hang you is the "adhering to Army policy" and "designated areas". Smoking areas are usually pretty well-defined, and definitely away from the buildings, so if you werent in the proper area they might ding you for that. Not worth a field grade, but TRADOC does some dumb shit.
TLDR: this is a team-based game, and focus-firing enemies is a sound strategy. "Kill-stealing" is a problem for developers to fix, not players.
I think there's 2 definitions of "friendzone": * a female friend who doesnt express interest in you at all, or whose friendliness is misconstrued as attraction/interest, and then you being resentful or angry that they dont want anything beyond a platonic relationship. * a female "friend" using your attraction/love for her to her benefit. She will dangle the carrot of possibly being open to a relationship with you in the future, so you'll fulfill whatever role she needs from you (shoulder to cry on, handyman, etc). Youll be her best friend until she gets a boyfriend, and then youll never see her until that gets rocky or ends. The former definitely is misogyny and entitlement. The latter is definitely someone taking advantage of you/your feelings. I think it can be tough to tell the difference from your point of view, but a 3rd party can typically see it. Also, men friendzone women often. But they make romantic comedies about that, so it's fine...
I'm a federal employee; I get 2 hours of paid time-off to donate blood.
Damn that's pretty nice
Uh, Special Dark is superior to the rest of the Hershey's Miniatures. [Melanie is actually Good Girl Gina](http://i.imgur.com/QoNLOy1.png)
I keep hearing from Obama that "the majority of gun owners favor" his attempts at gun control, or from other politicians like Pelosi that the "majority of Americans overwhelmingly support" them. I of course take those types of statements with a grain of salt, but my issue is this: **In my 18+ years as a gun owner and sport shooter, I have never once been asked by a poll taker, journalist, pundit, or politician about my thoughts on gun control. Neither have any of my gun-owning family members or friends.** Can anyone here say the same? If - as I suspect - the POTUS is basing his statements on CNN or Gallup polls with sample sizes of 1000 people, that seems to be a woefully insufficient data set to encompass the views of 270mil+ gun owners.
&gt; I'd be all for universal background checks/closing the "gun show loophole'" if you'll let me run a BC on a private sale. Doesn't even have to reveal private info. Just an online terminal where I can punch in some name/DL information and get a Pass/Fail back. That's actually a fantastic idea
You work 80 hours every 2 weeks (i have a similar schedule)... does she also work 80 hours? If so, and she expects you to contribute 20 more hours per week to home maintenance, is she putting in 20 hours as well? That's 80 hours of cleaning every 2 weeks - let that sink in... Change the linens in the guest room? Have you had guests? Then there's no need to do this. As far as cooking goes, whoever is doing the cooking gets to decide the best way to prepare the meal. If you want to make a crockpot meal (which are awesome btw), then make it. If she wants a meal thats going to take 2 hours to prepare, then she can make it. The deep cleaning items (leather, steam, bleach, etc) don't need to be done weekly. Monthly, even quarterly, is fine, or after a spill/mess occurs. Unless you have pets or are a generally messy family, vacuuming more than once a week is excessive in my opinion. Same with full scrubs of the fridge and oven - annually, maybe bi-annually, is acceptable. Your wife is being very anal retentive. Her standards are high, perhaps too high, and it is unreasonable of her to expect you to help her meet them. Hire a reputable cleaning service, if you have the funds to do so, that will be able to better accommodate her standard of cleanliness. If she refuses to even try one, then you have a bigger problem.
It seems to me that Sam and Martin are more acquaintances then friends. That said, a 19 y/o guy typically doesn't take too kindly to one of his peers shagging his mother, and is not typically too receptive to - if the relationship were to progress further - a step-father of the same age. It seems though that your relationship with Sam is fairly casual. Obviously the relationship between your son and your lover makes you uncomfortable, and you don't want to jeopardize the relationship you have with your son. I would try to break things off amicably with Sam, and if there's no hard feelings, I wouldn't even mention it to Martin. However, if Sam doesn't take it well, then you'll want to have a sit-down with Martin to forewarn him of any complications.
A bright star has disappeared from the sky. RIP David Bowie... a true legend. As far as losing celebs go, only Robin Williams' death had physically pained me and legitimately saddened me, like I had truly lost someone. Now Bowie's death instills the same feelings. #Fuck cancer.
The mob is fickle
Avionics?
I actually have played since Vanilla, which allows me to recognize that many of the mechanics of the game then are quite different - or non-existent - from the game now. So trying to claim that your longevity in the game gives you more insight or a higher level of skill is a fallacy.
Lots of good advice in here (especially about him just looking for extra attention), but I'm curious: who the hell **asks** to be a bridesmaid/groomsmen?? Shut down this crazy person next opportunity you get. Something along the lines of: *"My bridesmaids are people that are close to me, that have a special place in my heart; you have never been - and will never be - at that level. And your horrid treatment of me as of late reinforces that."* Block them on social media, and if you feel the need to explain to the rest of your social media followers, just a short blurb about how a person you consider casually acquainted (use his name if you want) overestimated how close you are, incorrectly assumed they would be invited in to your bridal party, and are now being extremely bitter and spiteful about it.
The plethora of Extended Universe writings in the past few decades show that there is a demand for fleshed-out stories - either focusing on their future or past - of iconic characters. The lore of Han Solo is extensive, and certainly capable of being translated to an excellent screenplay. The massive outcry from fans when Disney invalidated most of the Extended Universe further reinforces how important that lore can be. With the right writers, director, and actors, the recipe is there to make a movie enjoyable for both casual fans and diehards. If they keep elements from the now-defunct EU, Solo was at one point an Imperial Officer - imagine telling that story, where a more conservative Solo becomes disillusioned with his chosen path. On top of that, they can incorporate another fan favorite character by telling the story of how Solo and Chewbacca became bros for life. I was nonplussed by the so-called "short list" of actors vying for the role (and I'm a big fan of Dave Franco), however I'm sure there are a few who can do the role justice. Producers of the film would be wise to enlist Harrison Ford himself to give his seal of approval, which would hold great sway over the target audience. Remember, they're not playing the scruffy-looking smuggler we know and love from Episodes 4-7, they're playing the character that will eventually become him. Now, will a Han Solo anthology movie make the same amount of money as The Force Awakens? Not even close. Can it still be profitable for Disney? Absolutely. Disney obviously sees a market for this, and are willing to take the risk. If it fails, or leaves the same bad taste in the mouths of fans as Episodes 1-3 did, then so be it; it's not going to destroy the series (as evidenced by the record breaking Ep. 7) or the character. But if it succeeds, it opens up a whole new road for fans to enjoy.
An animagus would be in big demand for folks into furries... or beastiality
Pump the brakes there, bud. I certainly have gone months without touching the game. When i hop on daily, it's more a routine - check my email, set my fantasy football line-up, watch some Youtube videos, browse Reddit, run my Garrision missions, etc. If i don't log in for a day, week, etc. it's not like I'm jonesing for a fix. Most days i spend maybe 15-30 minutes or so on WoW, then go do something else. So yea, not addicted.
I mean, I liked WoD much better than MoP, but nowhere near as much as Wrath (my personal favorite) or even Cata.
Well ive been doing the 6 month renewal for years now, so it's $78 bi-annually, but I digress... I get what you're saying, but - and not to brag - $160 a year is nothing to me. So I'm not concerned with the cost. I've spent more in Hearthstone cards or HotS bundles in the last year then I have with WoW. I've got more than enough gold to buy tokens if I wanted, but I tend to give those to friends who I know aren't as financially stable. I've actually always saw WoW as a money saver. I started playing when I was in the Army; my friends would spend most of their paychecks at bars and clubs, or buying the latest video games, or going out to eat or to the movies, etc. a few times a week, and - while I joined them occasionally - I was able to save more money by buying a 6-pack or a fifth and staying in and playing WoW with some other buddies on the weekends.
**bi·an·nu·al** ˌbīˈany(əw)əl/ adjective *occurring twice a year.* ________________ Direct from Google.
You don't stay in a relationship because you empathize or feel sorry for your partner, or out of a sense of obligation. It breeds resentment and leaves one or both unfulfilled. This sudden guardianship is ultimately her responsibility, and her choice. This is a massive shift in lifestyle. Granted, she might still be overwhelmed by the situation, but it seems she hasn't attempted to sit down and discuss this with OP, knowing his adamant child-free position, and that she is expecting him to compromise his position due to unexpected events.
You need to have a conversation with her, OP. Now it seems your mind us made up, but don't make that your opening statement. She might still be overwhelmed by all the sudden changes, and in her attempt to deal with it she has (understandably) neglected your feelings. In no uncertain terms, ask her what her plans for the future are, and what her expectations of you are, given your child-free stance. She may give you the out you're looking for, she may not, but give her the chance. Ultimately it's her **choice** to keep the kids, and she made that choice without consulting you or asking your thoughts on it.
The gay kid is continuously attempting to befriend your brother, who is being openly dismissive if not hostile to him, which is a pretty tell-tale sign that one's offerings of friendship are not wanted. Sounds like this is more your brother trying to drive the kid away, so he leaves him alone. Your brother doesn't have to be friends with this kid, for whatever reason he deems fit; you can't force people to be friends. Your brother may be content to simply ignore the kid, but the kid's repeated attempts to try and befriend him are not allowing him to do that. I wouldn't call your brother's behavior "bullying". Rude or mean, sure, but if it's as a means to keep from associating with someone he doesn't want to associate with - regardless of the reason - that is his prerogative. Your brother is old enough to deal with this on his own. IMO you should stay out of it. If anything, just tell your brother to tell the kid in no uncertain terms: "I don't want to be friends with you, so stop trying. I'm a jerk to you in the hopes that you'll leave me alone. Ignore me, because thats what I will be doing to you." If the kid still tries to make attempts at friendship, then he deserves what he gets.
*I'll stick to music, as my taste is TV/movies hasn't changed much if at all, and I've always been a t-shirt and jeans guy:* In my teens I was really into stuff like Linkin Park, Nickelback, Creed, Saliva etc. Pop rock; pretty much whatever was on the radio or TRL. Nickelback still has a special place in my heart... For most of my 20s, a lot of Breaking Benjamin, Stone Sour, My Chemical Romance, Jimmy Eat World, etc. Angsty stuff, I guess? Mid to late 20s, dabbled in modern/pop country. Was living in the Texas and Colorado while in the Army, so i was kinda surrounded by it. The last few years (I'm 31 now) I'm all over the map. I listen to mostly rock, like Foo Fighters, Five Finger Death Punch, Fall Out Boy, Imagine Dragons, and pretty much everything else I mentioned already, minus the country. I listen to a fair amount of pop, and I'm not afraid to admit there are some songs from Taylor Swift, Justin Timberlake, Ellie Goulding, The Fray, and so on that I enjoy, going as far back as Michael Jackson (pre-90s), ABBA, and the Bee-Gees, to name a few. The only constant has been I've always loved classic rock, which is a good majority of what I listen to now. Everything from Foreigner to KISS to Motley Crue to AC/DC to Led Zeppelin to Def Leppard to The Rolling Stones to Van Halen to Journey to Jimi Hendrix
I can't do any now, but that's chiefly due to me being 40lbs overweight and not having seriously worked out in about 4 years (equal parts physical disability, and laziness). Even in my prime coming out of Army basic training 13 years ago, I could only do 3 or 4 clean. I could do pushups and situps no problem, and had phenomenal leg strength/endurance (come at me, squat thrusts and lunges!), but the pull up bars were my weakness (and distance running... but i could sprint all day, and smoke the marathon runners in the pool)
Hard to pick one. I'll always love him as Hans Gruber. Probably the best part of Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves. I'm not a huge Harry Potter nerd, but I thought he was an exceptional Snape. I watched the "Always" scene today after hearing of his death... which was a mistake :( His delivery and wit in Galaxy Quest really made that movie.
Damn, forgot all about that one. Seriously underrated movie.
Depends on your definition of success. I would consider following these tenets is out of the *Office Space* playbook: [do just enough not to get hassled/fired](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iiOEQOtBlQ). If you want to rock a sham-shield until you ETS, then these tenets will get you there. However, there are certainly road blocks that negate those; poor leadership/command being chief among them. A failure in your NCO support channel or shitty officers will be a detriment to a Soldier's level of success. Another hurdle is maintaining a level of motivation - even false motivation - when life just keeps kicking you in the dick. You can only fake it til you make it for so long. When your professional and/or personal life is a dumpster fire through little to no fault of your own, sucking it up and driving on has its limits, and will push a Soldier to their breaking point. And as others said, if you're weak at PT but an otherwise stellar Soldier, sucks to be you - your more physically-fit peers will be put ahead of you.
When i was a shift manager at a convenience store in the northeast (Wawa), I'd hook up folks with the donuts about to get trashed when the new batch was delivered. Seriously, there were nights where dozens of donuts and muffins went to the dumpster. Then my friend and coworker tried to do the same for another buddy... he got caught by a manager from another store who had just arrived to buy smokes. Terminated the next day.
Tough to squeeze any more puns out of that
What country?
Chances are the work and "upgrades" are not up to code at all. Getting painful shocks from a device is a big problem. Depending on your city/state, you may be able to contact the department that handles Certificates of Occupency to do an inspection for you. Keep in mind that each locality has their own criteria
*Haha Chris Christie is fat, he shouldn't talk about nutrition!* Some low hanging fruit here, folks.
As much as I am a fan of Lang's work (especially in *Tombstone* and *Gettysburg*), he's just shy of 65. Yes, he got in phenomenal shape for Avatar, but that was over 7 years ago. While he certainly has the gravitas to do the role justice, and even somewhat looks the part, I think his age is a limiting factor here... same goes for Ron Perlman, who is even older.
&gt; on this sub Or any food he claims
You won't get the full amount if classes aren't in session. So January is a pro-rated amount since classes only go for about 2/3 of December.
We're in the planning stages now, and I figure it's going to be $15k easy. Thankfully my parents will be chipping in some, and we are looking at late 2017 for the ceremony so - aside from deposits - I don't have to drop a ton of money any time soon. Biggest expense seems to be food/alcohol. I guess it's also common to receive money as a wedding gift?
[He played Ike Clanton](https://youtu.be/co5xVHsMRV0)
Companies in my home state of NJ were poised to build several wind turbines, to eventually number in the hundreds, a couple miles offshore. Time and time again the state shot them down; everything from environmental impact concernd to not willing to invest in "unproven" tech. It has been 5 years, and only just recently has ground been broken **on shore**. Look, I'm the first to say that (with current tech) wind and solar will never be able to meet our power demands; they can only lessen the need for fossil fuels, not replace them. And I can accept that... at least until fusion power is viable. But with roughly **90000** miles of coastline, it seems to me the US is just leaving a great supplemental power source - even greater if you count tidal power - untapped.
14:10, end of BCT at Ft Benning when I was 19. To put that in perspective, my first PT test I clocked in at over 22 minutes. Of course, I was roughly 40lbs heavier. After AIT, I never passed a run with more than 30 seconds to spare. Sweet Jeebus I hate fucking running.
[This is you](https://media1.giphy.com/media/1HFW57gpsSLEA/giphy.gif)
It's the best position to receive the Big Green Weenie^TM
Those wannabes at their hold-out up in Oregon are salivating right now.
Just in time for the movie. What a coincidence
I'd venture to say 50, maybe? I can't recall them ever giving his age, only that he's older than Cyclops.
Prices won't change on a pump in use. It has to be idle. This is assuming a modern pump with digital displays/controls. Also, my understanding is that the price on the street sign has to be changed first, and if the price on the pump is higher than the street sign, you pay the lower price, since the street sign price may have been the deciding factor to use that gas station.
First, calling a toddler a "brat" is pretty mild. Toddlers can absolutely be bratty, fussy, etc. Different story if he said "you're being an asshole" or something demeaning. He may feel you're coddling your son too much. He may also feel that you're dictating to him how to parent, or how to interact with his son, which would definitely piss me off. Now his threat of divorce is definitely an overreaction, and may stem from a few things. Obviously it arose from anger; it could also be some jealousy of your bond with your son, and possibly some resentment for what he feels is a lack of support from his spouse, which was reinforced when you told him your son comes before him. I would also suspect that he feels that, as you have become a mother, he is losing his wife. It's a pretty common problem, where one parent puts too much focus on their child, and too little on their spouse. Do you guys go out on dates? Has your sex life rebounded to the level before the pregnancy? Or is all your free time spent on the baby?
Love stories like this. In my experience, there's at least one shitbag like this in every unit. Thanks for the enjoyable read.
Hah nice. Wonder if legit or photoshopped.
Pretty typical for storm surge flooding in NWW. Delaware Ave - where that Family Dollar is - is right along the back bays, and always floods, even when there's just a full moon high tide. Pretty much all the streets west of New Jersey Ave flood regularly. Most homes there are elevated several feet, and i believe all new-construction homes have to be elevated even higher.
"I am not apologizing; you had no right to physically attack me - YOU were in the wrong. If you want to throw me out for defending myself, then I can guarantee you will never see me again. I will cut you both out of my life: you, Grandma, for terrorizing me, and you, Mom, for letting it happen." Your grandmother is probably beyond reason, but your mother should support you. So if you do end up leaving, make sure to let your mom know that the death of your grandmother doesn't cancel your promise - she will never see you again.
Doubtful. MCU Kilgrave's powers are employed with an airborne virus, one that would likely not affect extraterrestrials like an Asgardian or Frost Giant. Though MCU Thor's physiology hasn't been discussed in great detail, I imagine it is similar enough to his 616 counterpart, which makes him immune to all Earth diseases. It could be argued that MCU Captain America would also be unaffected by Kilgrave, as the Super Soldier Serum gave him a healing factor that also renders him immune to disease. I would posit that the Hulk would be similarly unaffected, as his healing abilities are even more superior. And though it's not MCU, 616 Dr. Doom was able the ignore Kilgrave's pheromone-based powers through sheer force of will.
That explains why my cat is always trying to lick me
I still play WoW, just got another toon to 100 - only 1 left to have a 100 of every class. I mainly do garrison missions, maybe a few heroic dungeons on my lesser-geared toons. I keep meaning to work on Draenor flying, but can't seem to pull the trigger. I'm really into World of Warships, been playing that regularly. I was playing HotS a lot for a while, but took a break not long after Chogall's release, and haven't been back.
Good. Kids are the worst
You've done everything right. You didn't demean her, or talk behind her back; you let the boss and everyone know that you no longer want her unwanted non-work-related advice, and will no longer accept her derision of your perfectly normal lifestyle choices. Your boss should actually have done more to nip it in the bud earlier. She was creating a hostile work environment, plain and simple. Don't sweat it. If Vegan had attempted to actually have a conversation with you and others about her lifestyle choices, rather than preaching to you and judging you for yours, this could have been avoided. But she didn't, and that's on her.
[Read up about food deserts](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Food_desert) So not only do some people have limited to no access to quality/wholesome foods, they have limited access to grocery stores in general; this could be due to scheduling, inadequate transportation, or other obligations. Many people do not have the ability to go to the market more than once a week, which poses a problem for healthier foods - they tend to spoil faster than processed foods. This is compounded by the number of people to be fed in a household.
Robin William's character in *Jack*
What are your qualifications to be a homeschool teacher?
Afraid not
Just popped out
&gt; $150 ... a month Are you serious?
I work for DHS, a civilian Coast Guard employee. We run **unclassified** systems at my office. A co-worker got reprimanded after a multi-day investigation involving people from all over the district because he plugged his cellphone into the USB port of a computer to charge the battery. If it happens again, he's fired. Because that's how strict the federal government is *supposed* to be about cybersecurity. Clinton should be held to the exact same standard, if not a higher standard. *Edit: I know how the game works, guys... the peons get the shaft, the overlords get a promotion. Ex-Army: seen lower enlisted get rung up for having their hands in their pockets, while generals get to retire at full pension after sexually assaulting a subordinate*
I would prefer not to say
Not IT
I don't think ours are, since we have USB CAC readers
&gt; If she and the President are fine with something, it IS de facto fine. Are you serious?
Something akin to this, which applies to DoD: [e. I will use only authorized hardware and software on the DoD/Army networks to include wireless technology. **I will not install or use any personally owned hardware (including removable drives), software, shareware, or public domain software.**](http://www.gordon.army.mil/garrison_old/nec/documents/FG_AUP-Feb-14Now.pdf) - PDF warning **j. I will safeguard and mark with the appropriate classification level all information created, copied, stored, or disseminated from the IS and will not disseminate it to anyone without a specific need to know.** - Same PDF That's just for minimum User-access. I'm sure there's far more involved when dealing with Classified material, beyond what's in that PDF
You won't find a place in NJ, let alone Deptford, for $150/month. You'd be hard-pressed to find a place that will cost you less than $500/month, unless you're taking on a roommate to share costs. And thats not even counting utilities.
[What a shame](http://m.imgur.com/a/bWO6r) NSFW
[Like this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/68/Negasonic-Deadpool.jpg)
Done
&gt; Batman needs more diversity. Why? Serious question.
That's not an answer
And? That's not an answer as to why Batman **needs** diversity, unless the basis is a quota system.
Most Army aviation folks. Generally really laid back, even the NCOs, and most pilots - especially warrant officers. It's night and day dealing with crew chiefs and such, then dealing with the clowns in the motor pool or 3/5 platoon.
Do you, but don't expect me to change for you. I like my meat, eggs, and dairy, my leather baseball glove and car seats, and all other sorts of animal products. In my experience, vegans typically are for ideological reasons, which I don't share; I don't need to be "educated", or shamed, or preached to. I won't try to make a vegan use animal products, and in the same respect a vegan shouldn't try to make me stop using animal products.
Right, so like the other guy, you don't have a legitimate answer. Batman doesn't **need** diversity - you just **want** diversity. For the record, Batman is probably one of the most diverse lines out there. It has produced some of the strongest female characters (heroes *and* villains), has a top tier villain of Arab descent plus another female Arab as a long-running villain/love interest, a Robin who is half-Arab, a Batgirl of Asian descent, plus numerous Asian allies and villains. I would argue that the most underrepresented minority in Batman are Hispanics, as Renee Montoya is the only notable one that comes to mind. **Diversity** ≠ **black**. There's Batwing (whose solo run I thoroughly enjoyed), and Lucius Fox, who has been a staple of the Batman universe for quite some time, and the numerous black heroes Batman works with (Cyborg, GL Stewart, Black Lightning, Mr Terrific, etc). I have no problems with this new character (aside from his hideous costume), but he could just as easily be any other race.
No problem with them at all.
Even though I loved BvS, it had its flaws... and I bet this cut is the movie we should have gotten
[Indeed](http://i.imgur.com/jJEh02k.gif)
Laurentian system, IIRC
I like Bernie Sanders. I think he's genuine, and actually cares about the people and wants to make sweeping changes to better the lives of millions. That said, i completely disagree with many of his ideologies and how he intends to make those changes.
Fold it into tuition, don't charge the tax payers
If you're part of a large company, save and share the email with the rest of HR, and completely blackball her from ever getting a job at the company. That person is a malignant employee that will cause nothing but headaches.
This was why when I was an Army squad leader, I *always* did detailed counselling statements for repeated infractions. If anyone ever claimed bias, I'd have a fat stack of paperwork to back-up the UCMJ recommendation.
Absolutely. I just hope the area doesn't get oversaturated. Cape May Brewing is still king around here, unfortunately.
Oh their beers are good, I'm just not a fan of the atmosphere. Too much like a business, as opposed to a community. Nothing wrong with that, just not my preference.
A school-specific counsellor would only be available to students. Why should taxpayers pay for services they can't use?
Completely uncalled for.
Christie will veto, unfortunately
I bought my sister a good tool kit and cordless drill for christmas - right after she closed on her 1st house - for this reason.
Allow me to assist: [**Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency.**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgTydr4gAaI)
Anyone remember this gem of a promise? [**Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency.**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgTydr4gAaI)
Its either: * have sex in a car outside of a Phillies game, in FDR Park, with people walking by fairly often. * have sex with one girl in the morning, a different girl after lunch, and then hang out with them both that night, neither aware of what happened. No relationships involved, just casual
This. There are several hard counters to Bastion, even a well-positioned one.
Really hoping tidal power becomes viable in the future
Ummm... well... Mei's parka sure is thick...
If the character is going to be limited in use, I'd say get Tom Welling to reprise the role, or spend the money on a big name... maybe Jon Hamm.
STDs. If I know a girl has a long list of partners, or has a lot of casual sex, I'm going to be concerned about possible exposure. If i were into men, I'd have the same concern about promiscuous men.
He's 13, not 3 - be should be perfectly capable of behaving and showing the proper reverence for the ceremony. The future MIL is an ass. What difference does it make where he sits? My advice: he either sits with the family at the wedding, or the family sits with him not at the wedding.
Thanks
Thanks
Gary Vaynerchuk would disagree
If you don't want Hitler as the head of state, you must vote for Stalin. When stuck with a choice between 2 equally horrible outcomes, you don't have to choose, as at least 1 is inevitable. Make no mistake - HRC will be just as lousy a President as Trump. If you choose the lesser of 2 evils, are you to blame when that supposed lesser evil is just as bad, or worse?
The Flying Spaghetti Monster in its natural habitat
About 7 years ago, going through a rough patch: I sought counselling. Tried medication, didn't help. I was in the military at the time, so counselling was available, and I took it. 6 months of it, and I slowly recovered.
Lady Gaga is a guilty pleasure
It's a toss-up between us at my Dad's retirement dinner - we are both done up and looking foxy - or one we got at the Philadelphia Zoo. They're both about 1.5-2 years old, I believe There's one from our first date - at a wedding - that would be great if I wasn't mid-blink and looking stoned as hell.
*WWII-era bunkers on an active Coast Guard base. The concrete behemoth (which is still used for storage) is crumbling, but this little sprout took up residence in a crack - a little green on an otherwise dreary relic.*
Anyone serving in a designated combat zone is eligible for combat pay; it doesn't matter what your job or gender is.
Excellent use of the phrase "despite getting his shit ruined..."
That's what i mean - if that's the case, thats a flashback of roughly 5 years. So in that 5 years, Dick has become Nightwing, and Batman has gone through Jason, Tim, and now Damian as Robin?
Is the sister your halfsister/stepsister? Either way, she isn't entitled to dick from your inheritance, and what you've allowed her to do is extremely generous. Your family is being greedy. It's YOUR inheritance, and giving them all some very pricey pieces of it is more than they deserve. If they can't be happy with that, then that is on them, not you
Nope. The Clinton/Google nonsense and the anti-gun tripe is awful. Stick to comedy
"Sounded like a cannon", "loud like a bomb"... with full ear muffs on. Yea, you're a bitch
I'll echo the others about fact-checking, etc, but I'll also say that there's a very obvious bias present as well. SourceFed has gone from center-left (back when Phil had control) to far left. DeFranco confirmed this a few weeks back on Twitter. So it's not just poor fact-checking, it's the leftist bias that soured a lot of people.
It could be a race thing, or it could be a class thing, or a mix of both. Honestly, don't be too upset by her parents' ignorance - it doesn't look like they passed that trait to your GF. This is something she is going to need to handle with them; there isn't much *you* will be able to do to change their narrow view.
For what, exactly? Child support? Kid's not even born yet. They're not married; she isn't entitled to anything, regardless if he is a giant douchebag.
No one really cares. As long as you don't make a big deal about it, your peers won't either.
Ask her what she brings to the table in a relationship - what makes her a good girlfriend. Tell her she's extremely high maintenance and too demanding, which are immediate red flags for most men. She has unreasonable expectations for a long-term relationship, which are based on a balance of give-and-take; it seems she wants to do most of the taking. Most men her age (and older) want a partner to share with, not someone they have to constantly support and spoil.
Not tooting my own horn, but I was one of those kids that never studied, but still got straight As, even in top track and AP courses. I already knew I was joining the Army out of high school, but on top of that, I really had no idea what I wanted to shoot for as a degree; I thought engineering, but math was my weakest and most frustrating area. Doctor or lawyer were out, since - even though I did well in school - I loathed the idea of spending the next 6-8 years in classrooms. I went to night school off and on to earn a degree in criminal justice (which I got this year finally), when I thought I wanted to get into law enforcement; unfortunately I was severely injured in the Army and that made that prospect unlikely. So at 32 I earned a degree I'll never use. The Army trained me as an avionics tech (where I worked on Apaches for 8 years), and I've spent the last 4 years doing relayed work, and am now a marine electrician for the federal government. I make good money and the job is a cakewalk... but I have no passion for it. Could I do it for a couple decades and collect a pension? Absolutely. Is it my dream job, or do I feel I'm making a significant contribution to society or my community? Nah. Things could certaibly be better, but I'm happy; I own a home, have virtually no debt, am getting married next year.
Definitely not a high and tight in that photo. We had a guy with a similar style. Anytime someone would call him out about it, he'd quote whatever the authorized maximum measurement was, and use his CAC card - which I guess was the same length - to demonstrate he was still in regs. This was an aviation unit, though. Keep it off your ears and your collar, and most folks don't say shit.
While we have similar stances on a variety of individual issues, she is decidedly more liberal/left, while I am more conservative/right. It's not a problem, we have a pretty good "live and let live" mentality about it. But we like to have discussions about the issues from time to time. As far as religion, pretty much in the same boat: IIRC she classifies herself as an atheist, whereas I consider myself agnostic. I was brought up as a Catholic, and endured 12 years of Catholic schooling, while she was not raised in the Church. Though my faith has lapsed, I still am interested in theology. If any religious discussions/debates come up, I usually have the edge.
Her reputation. Known for being a drama queen, or being cheap, or any number of things that I've gleaned from previous partners and/or mutual friends, or if I've witnessed it first hand.
True enough. I just mean that there's no passion or challenge for me in my current job. But the financial benefits/security make it too good to give up for a career I would be passionate about.
Well the guy sold the shit out of it, so more power to him
No shame, i feel the same way. I put my stuff on the conveyor the way i want it to be bagged (which I usually do myself anyways). But i sometimes get an overenthused special-needs checker or bagger who's putting my fresh vegetables with the toilet cleaner, dairy with dry goods, etc.
About as often as I do with Hanzo, unfortunately. I apparently am not a smart man.
With Winston you can trap your prey in a corner or a room to pummel them. But yea, it's best suited for edges. But the added huge health boost can be a lifesaver too
Flanking is definitely key, but that really goes for everyone.
Originally I stayed up too high, and the rockets would spread too much. Now I try to stay low and hit from the flanks
I dont play Genji much, but the times I do I typically do well with his Ult. But I think it's more luck and frantic button mashing.
[He died from respiratory distress from PCP.](http://www.nj.com/cumberland/index.ssf/2016/06/cops_cleared_after_suspect_died_in_their_custody_n.html). Wounds were superficial, and did not cause his death. **He was not "beaten to death"** Try a less biased "source" next time. You want to argue excessive force, that's fine, but he died from a drug overdose, not from the nature of his arrest.
23 cents is excessive, but let's not beat around the bush - NJ is overdue for a gas tax increase, as it hasn't changed in over 20 years. *braced for downvotes...* The problem with a nominal gas tax is it doesn't adjust for inflation. 14 cents per gallon may have be sufficient in 1989; with the higher costs associated with roadway funding, it's not going to cut it in 2016. Higher prices of materials, higher wages for workers, and more drivers on the roads all equal higher costs. Also, the increased fuel efficiency of vehicles - compared to 1980s era vehicles - and the use of hybrid tech has meant fuel consumption is dropping... meaning less tax revenue. Yes, we need to address the rising costs of infrastructure maintainence and construction, especially pertaining to fraud waste and abuse. But the fact remains that we have enjoyed a super low, static gas tax for 20+ years, while other states' tax has double or even tripled, and we are past due for an adjustment. Especially with the emergent need for bridge work/replacement and mass transit infrastructure, which costs outstrip basic road work. A modest increase in the tax plus reforms in govt spending is the best solution right now. I would like it codified into law that gas tax revenue can **only** be used for the Transportation Fund, and that the Fund cannot be raided to pay other debts.
Our gas prices are cheaper than our self-serve neighbors. How would this make a difference?
[Those statistics include a high amount of male-on-male rape](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3303087/Male-male-rape-military-15-times-prevalent-Pentagon-reporting-according-new-study.html). It's not just "naive young girls" at risk
[O rly?](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2859735/) &gt; Respiratory depression requiring intubation is uncommon in PCP intoxication; however, patients may exhibit irregular breathing, with episodes of both apnea and tachypnea. Furthermore, pharyngeal and laryngeal reflexes become hyperactive, and sympathomimetic effects create bronchorrhea, which exacerbate the risk of airway obstruction in an already obtunded patient. &gt; Non-traumatic causes of death include cardiopulmonary arrest, intracranial hemorrhage in hypertension, and hyperkalemia secondary to rhabdomyolysis
Taken before or after the apocalypse hit here yesterday?
I hear that. First Legendary I got was Mccree's Gambler, even though - at the time - I rarely played him. Then I got Symmetra's - who I play often - Goddess skin... which is atrocious
It likely is to the hot tub that is inoperative, and your electrical fault likely is there. Call a local electrician to check it out
I spent 3 years with Boeing doing avionics for Chinooks. Pay was great, as were benefits. Many large sites are union, while some small sites aren't. Nearly all of my coworkers, including my managers, were ex-military. For my team, I was left to basically work at my own pace in conjuction with another avionics guy; kept me busy, but not overly so. Overtime was plentiful. Contractors made a shit ton of money, but no benefits. Layoffs are fairly common, as contracts are fulfilled. Time keeping is critical and often audited, unlike my current federal job where it isn't.
Sensed a little of *The Negotiator* there
It lucked out for me that when I felt like this, I was in the process of exiting the military, and would soon be moving across the country. My life is completely different now at 32 then it was for the majority of my 20s. As long as your obligations (financial, familial, etc) are met, if you have the means and the passion to make major life changes, then go for it.
Mastering how to drive stick at 31. I tried to learn as a teenager, but the truck i had to practice on was not forgiving. So i was awful at it, stalled a lot. But i got a new job last year, and our vehicles are manual transmissions. Took an afternoon and just went tooling around in one til i got it down.
No. I will never give money to a panhandler.
2nd night spent together. Though we had known each other for like 7 years, from online and phone conversations
Be unattractive? I'm a firm believer that the best way to be friends with the opposite sex is for neither party to have any sexual attraction to each other.
It's kind of a dying skill, as most cars you find these days are automatics - a "standard" transmission is anything but. It helps me for work, but I'm perfectly content with my car's automatic
Kind of soon to be asking that... maybe 3rd date. But that's fine, I'd have no problems discussing it. Her answers will be just enlightening to me as mine will be to her in deciding of there's a 2nd date.
I would not consider Katy Perry "full figured"
Restaurant and guarantee.
23 cents is excessive, but let's not beat around the bush - NJ is overdue for a gas tax increase, as it hasn't changed in over 20 years. *braced for downvotes...* The problem with a nominal gas tax is it doesn't adjust for inflation. 14 cents per gallon may have be sufficient in 1989; with the higher costs associated with roadway funding, it's not going to cut it in 2016. Higher prices of materials, higher wages for workers, and more drivers on the roads all equal higher costs. Also, the increased fuel efficiency of vehicles - compared to 1980s era vehicles - and the use of hybrid tech has meant fuel consumption is dropping... meaning less tax revenue. Yes, we need to address the rising costs of infrastructure maintainence and construction, especially pertaining to fraud waste and abuse. But the fact remains that we have enjoyed a super low, static gas tax for 20+ years, while other states' tax has double or even tripled, and we are past due for an adjustment. Especially with the emergent need for bridge work/replacement and mass transit infrastructure, which costs outstrip basic road work. A modest increase in the tax plus reforms in govt spending is the best solution right now. I would like it codified into law that gas tax revenue can **only** be used for the Transportation Fund, and that the Fund cannot be raided to pay other debts. Eliminating the estate tax is bullshit, as is lowering retirement exclusions. This tax bundle absolutely screws the middle class
Interesting project
Both
When done, walk across the street to the beef jerky store
I'll actually miss Free Play. Her and Ryan's chemistry was great. I don't get the impression she was fired, but more likely RT made her choose between them or her modelling career, and she chose the latter. Seems like an amicable split
Table Talk is not what it once was. It used to be a loose, off-the-cuff BS session; now it's crammed full of bits and forced jokes that run run on too long - looking at you, Zaragoza and Falzone. So if the old and beloved TT format is dead and gone, then I'm actually fine with the current version being cut down.
Isn't SHR out of rotation now because all the superhero shows are on hiatus for the summer? There's no new episodes to discuss weekly until September, which I would imagine would bring SHR back
I would say it combines the best of both worlds for a lot of people. In most cases, if a guy wants a girl with more pronounced T&amp;A, she will likely be on the more zaftig side; if he is attracted to a more slim or athletic build, likely she will have less T&amp;A. And that's not to say there's anything wrong with that - certain physical qualities just usually come as a package deal. So to be able to find someone to fit the bill that you describe is actually pretty rare.
Absolutely. Until you make a joint decision with someone to see each other exclusively, then you are free to chat up or date as many women as you'd like. Hell you can even sleep with as many as you'd like (or as many that will let you), just make sure to use protection. You are under no obligation to tell someone who you are casually dating that you're casually dating others as well. Edit: however, be honest about it **if asked**. Lying about is kind of a dick move. Some women will be ok with you seeing other people, but others will not be.
I play Hanzo a lot, and I constantly am taking out Bastions and Toblerone turrets. That said, it's not a 1-hit kill, and too many peoole think it is.
I'm not sure I want to continue. First placement match was pretty toxic: I played Toblerone on Route 66 - Defense. Guy screaming in chat "why you play Torb against Pharah?!?". I end up with 3 golds that round for Kills, Damage, and Objective Kills, not to mention stopped 3 Pharah Ults with some rivets to her dome piece
Coupled with similar experiences in HotS when it came to drafting. I get that there're hard counters for everyone, and there's going to be a meta picklist... but we ain't playing for money, and if you want to be that serious about it, then don't get in pubs. I mean, I'm going to finish my placement matches, but that first match did not make a good impression on me for playing competitive
Could fund a small 3rd world nation with that collection! Very nice. Slowly building up my Knipex stock
I have. I wouldn't say it was painful, but it was definitely uncomfortable.
[Or if you're a certain recently-paroled caveman...](http://i.imgur.com/meain0t.gif)
It is
[O rly?](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4qdrbg/this_is_a_toilet_paper_holder_in_san_angeles_be/)
As much as I want to watch this, I'm going to hold off - I want to see the whole cut in it's entirety. But thanks
Turkey is a member of NATO. They should invoke Article 5, and bring the full force of NATO's military might against ISIS.
If you're wondering why all the extra vitriol, OP: your post was linked in SRD (and probably SRS), so you got brigaded
Sure, putting a demographic with high rates of depression and suicide into high operational and combat stress environments sounds like a brilliant idea.
The only celebrity I have less respect for than Kanye West is Lena Dunham. So that's something
Say no. You are possibly liable if the kid gets hurt playing in the yard
As a former Wawa employee - prior to 2003, when we still had deli cases and slicers, before the dawn of touchscreen ordering - I firmly believe that the lack of customer interaction coupled with prepackaged ingredients has contributed to the decline of Wawa's hoagies. Everything has been tooled to maximize efficiency and speed, with mediocre quality and minimum personality. Back in my day, people used to ask for their sandwich to be made by a specific associate (myself included) because regulars knew who made a great sandwich with care, and who just slapped one together as fast as possible. The latter seems to be the standard now. Go to a Primos or a mom &amp; pop deli, and you see they actually put effort into their craft. Don't get me wrong - I love Wawa, and enjoy their food, but I have no illusions that I'm getting a top-flight sandwich when I go there. It's good in a pinch, but most times it is totally worth the extra time and money to go to Primos. Unfortunately my local Primos is 10 miles away and closes at 8pm, and my local Wawa is literally 2 blocks away and is open 24/7
I would assume since Top isn't flipping his shit, he probably knew he shouldn't have been standing there.
Right. The old adage was that the military gives you 3 squares a day, but nothing in the meal card regulation states how many meals per day it entitles.
It was brought up at Xmas this year when I got an NES Classic, but my brother (6 years my junior) vividly remembers my threatening him 20+ years ago with an excruciating death if he fucked with my TLoZ save. Still have the game (gold cartridge), still has that save.
Drop a few gift cards in her mail box/slot. Preferably to a grocery store, or a big box place that sells groceries - which she hopefully won't use to buy luxury items. No name, just a note stating you hope this helps out, and to pay it forward when she can.
80% of my hand tools are Craftsman, purchased in years prior before the quality took a nose dive, as well as several lawn/garden machines. I actually hated to go into Sears or Kmart to get new/more tools, because the stores were so dilapidated and depressing - still using registers from the 90s, ceiling tiles missing or water damaged, merchandise thrown anywhere it fit with no decent store layout, etc. I really hope that Stanley can revitalize the Craftsman brand, and reinvigorate confidence in it.
Camp Eagle, Korea (closed a few years ago). Tiny barracks, hot water was hit and miss, shit furniture. Mold, pests, etc. Isolated camp, so if you needed anything beyond basic legal, finance, etc, or wanted to go to the PX, you had to take a 2+ hour bus ride to the Hump or Yongsan. There was some sort of animal farm down the road, that absolutely reeked on hot and humid days - super fun going fora PT run with that stench about. But the worst thing was the constant howl of F4 afterburners at the ROK airbase next door. All day and night, it echoed through the camp. Also when I got there my temporary room didnt have a working heater. In January, with temperatures dipping to the teens at night. Super fun. The gym and the pool were nice though, as well as the Katusa snack bar - I miss yaki mandu
Referring to hands as "dickbeaters" and mouths as "cockholsters". When something or someone is "ate up" or "ate up like a soup sandwich". Oh and "hamburger meat" when referring to chest hair coming out the top of your tshirt.
Most nights were 6ish hours, if I didn't have fire guard. IIRC lights out was 2200, and wake up was 0500 maybe? I slept like a fucking log in basic
Beans, beans - they're good for your heart...
We used to cuddle when we first moved in together, but now we generally go to bed at different times. Which is fine - we both run hot, and toss and turn a fair bit. When we did, it was usually her head in the crux of my arm/shoulder, or spooning. The former usually had my lose feeling in my arm, and the latter often gave me a lungful of hair
Dude is too stupid to be a pilot. And I've known some dumb-ass pilots
[Appropriate](https://youtu.be/NGrLb6W5YOM?t=51s)
&gt; First of all, quick being a little bitch. Seriously though, you need to grow up and become a man. &gt; I'm not trying to insult you Well that ship has sailed
She has a dick
Google the model number of the gen set, I guarantee you'll find a PDF of the manual
Starter is part of the diesel engine, yea? 13&amp;P says to refer to engine manual, which it states is TM 9-2815-257-24P. From there it gives the starter part # as 114362-77010, which should be sufficient to get it ordered, or to find the NSN through FEDLOG or whatever system the military is using now Edit: the 24P has an NSN cross reference, which has the starter as 2920-01-416-3344. But may be out of date
I recognized a few of those words
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes
High school crush, 15+ years ago: too much of a pussy to make a move
Don't let the door hit you on the way out
Ugh I hate this
She's a slob. Procrastinates when it's her turn for chores. Will walk past/over literal shit (our cat is hit and miss with going #2 in her box) rather than grab a paper towel and pick it up. Takes the wrapper off something, leaves it on the counter or table instead of throwing it away. We did a mass cleaning the other day - at my insistence - and there were no less than 7 *pairs* of her socks under various furniture in the living room. I nearly lost my shit the other night when i was getting in bed and saw over a dozen Cheez-it crackers on her side of the bed, despite my repeatedly asking she not bring food into the bedroom. Actually, I'm still a little irked about that, because her answer when confronted was bullshit. I'm also apparently the only one who knows how to change out a roll of toilet paper. Edit: words
Really applies to all kitchenware. If you're not going to clean something immediately, at least rinse it before the food dries out.
Not pictured: Mattis's knife-hand at the ready
If I ever have kids, once they're of a certain age/maturity, they'll be free to roam the neighborhood; ride their bikes, hit the park, cut through yards playing manhunt, and so on. As they get older, the permitted area will grow. At my house when i was growing up, TV and video games were primarily for lousy weather or after dark. Otherwise it was "go outside and play". The standing rule was to be home when the street lights come on.
This should be top comment. If you want to know why a politician voted for/against something pertaining to a special interest group, see if that group donates to them.
Had to do this when I worked in aviation (FOD prevention, and tool accountability). Originally thought it was a pain in the ass, but now I can't imagine not having my box shadowed.
Good, I enjoyed both of them, though the dialogue for Colossus got a bit eye-rolly. But plenty of laughs provided by both. On a personal note, I typically don't dig super short hair on women, but that actress rocked it exceedingly well
When I joined the military and dropped 45lbs in basic training (230 to 185). My face thinned out, I was tan (thanks, Georgia summer); I walked taller (literally and figuratively), had more confidence. That was 14 years ago. Man what I wouldn't give to be in that good of shape again. Not to pick up women, as I already have the love of my life, but just to feel that unstoppable again. But injuries and apathy have taken their toll.
I have an extremely cushy job. Great pay and benefits for minimal work - I spend most of my days on my phone browsing reddit. It's fucking boring as hell. My last job kept me moderately busy all day, felt more rewarding. But no job security at all.
* Cut out ALL beverages that aren't water or mostly water. No diet sodas, no fruit juices, no energy drinks, no alcohol. Up your water intake dramatically * Eschew fad diets. It's simple: more calories out than in. Carbs are not the devil. That said, avoid greasy/fried foods and desserts. * Don't eat after 8pm, or roughly 4 hours before you go to bed.
Malarkey
I've been away from both for a while, but: Hood is huge, crowded but not unbearable. Carson is smaller and crammed. More amenities at Hood Weather in Colorado gives all 4 seasons; high winds can be a problem sometimes. Texas is hot, and more hot, and you may drown in a sporadic deluge. Surrounding towns: Killeen sucks, Colorado Springs is great. Austin and Denver are equally enjoyable.
I am down for this. He'd make a good Hal Jordan
I feel that everyone already owns Nova
Nah, you're good. Unless actively hunting you - which most fresh Novas don't do - Aba is a pretty good counter to her.
Will have to watch all those Slug Life videos again. So satisfying
You said it yourself: it was obviously a joke, and seemingly innocuous. Now if you found the joke in bad taste, that's fair. However YOU need to be the one to call him on it, not your boyfriend. Don't pass the buck because your BF is "the host" - feminism is all about agency, correct? You call yourself a feminist, so stand up for yourself.
It's cheap, simple, and not filling. When you're young and on a budget, but want to get loaded, it's better to buy a 30 pack of shitty beer, than spend the same amount for a 12 pack of good beer (or a 6 pack of really good beer). And of course, free beer is free, so if someone provides it for a gathering, you dont look a gift horse in the mouth. I probably havent had a Coors light - or any light beer actually - in over 5 years.
Own numerous firearms, shoot them regularly
Finders keepers
Not especially. A maintainer MOS would be slightly more beneficial, though doesn't necessarily need to be a ~~window licker~~ crew chief
Ft Irwin can eat my ass. Never permanent party, but NTC blows dicks. Far from town, but town is Barstow which is just depressing.
This whole scenario is absurd. The type of person that thinks their Tinder or PoF "date" is going to be a classy, sophisticated person NOT looking for sex as soon as possible, is exactly the type of person who would accept their first "date" at a fucking Hooters.
I'm a tradesman for the federal govt
I'm covered by the VA, but have private insurance through my employer that isn't due to the ACA. So nothing changes for me
Missed opportunity to have the PotG music playing over the video
Eternal Devotion isn't a bad Trait, it's just extremely situational, same with Tyrael's Trait. To put it simply, mechanics that only function on death are not fun. So I always propose that Uther keeps Eternal Devotion as a Trait, but it gets more functionality. Perhaps providing a passive buff like you suggested, or an activated buff on a modest cooldown.
Yes
The theatrics are amusing. Makes me thing if that "galactic" face/head massager in India
But free of neck pain
You don't get a home loan *from* the VA - you get a VA-backed loan from a lender. While that status confers a number of benefits, you still are subject to income verification to see what you qualify for. The GI Bill stipend will NOT be considered, because a) it isn't consistent, and b) it's finite. However, if you get any VA *disability* money, that can be factored in to your income
Don't block traffic
Fuck that, fuck him, and fuck her
A slap in the face of military justice. Expecting a Bergdahl pardon shortly. On the plus side, taxpayers no longer footing the bill (after May) of Manning's hormone treatments. Still dishonorably discharged, so goes home in disgrace with zero benefits. Plus no employer will trust Manning to not steal/divulge private info. Good luck gaining meaningful employment.
My major gripes are asinine gun laws, high property taxes, and govt corruption/asshattery... though the last 2 could fit the bill in a lot of other places. But otherwise I love NJ
Oh look, he's flying!
Oakley Half Jackets
20 or so. Best shape of my life, and well before wracked with numerous debilitating injuries
Pandora
Yuengling. Not the cheapest around, but tastes a far sight better than its contemporaries.
Me and a buddy were out drinking at our usual bar. The new girl in our unit (Army) that he had been flirting with for about a week ended up coming out. She has a few drinks, though is still pretty quiet/reserved, but whatever. I leave to go meet up with some other friends, they stay. When I see him the next day, he tells me not long after I left, they went out to the truck and fucked, including anal. I joked that she was a keeper, but the whole time I'm like "don't get serious with this one"... They ended up married within 6 months, and subsequently divorced in about another 6 months. Turns out she was quite the catch - she cheated on him multiple times, got pregnant, and tried to saddle him with child support.
The Daily Show... Trevor Noah is just awful.
Repulsorlift tech allows for atmospheric flight. Basically anti-gravity generators, it allows a craft to fly/hover without concern for aerodynamics, like relying on wings for lift. That said, a TIE Fighter will have less maneuverability in atmo compared to an X-Wing due to their less aerodynamic design (producing more drag, etc). Hence why on Scarif we see TIE Strikers, with a more aerodynamic design, being better suited for flight in atmo.
That's a nice setup, but I wouldn't want some folks putting their filthy dickbeaters all over the inventory.
It irks me that references to Manning in BCT are written as Chelsea/she. At the time, it was Bradley/he
I get that, but someone's still gotta go around (hopefully) and wipe off the finger grease and other grime
Around 2005ish, our CW5 test pilot would just sit in his car in the parking lot and mean-mug anyone who walked by. Total perma-scowl when he wasnt flying... otherwise he was a delight. Dude had been flying since Vietnam My platoon leader in Korea was a SSG-turned-WO1, and that guy was a mega doucher. So Specialist me and my Corporal buddy got one of the girls in the orderly room to make up a bunch of post-its that we put around his computer monitor when he was away for the day - some gay shit just to bust his balls, but nothing offensive. Dude lost his mind. Threatened to ring us up for destruction of govt property on top of standard disrespect, insubordination, etc. Platoon Sgt thought the gag was hilarious.
Lesson learned harshly. That divorce was a nightmare
Wtf really? Dude is a classic
Right. Caitlin Jenner never competed in the Olympics Men's Decathlon... but Bruce Jenner did. Caitlin Jenner did not exist at that time.
Reddit hasn't dug up her name, social media pages, and imgur albums full of scantily clad but never nude photos of her yet? You guys are slipping.
What's it chambered in?
How did his knife hand feel, 4 inches deep in your kidney?
Sure, right behind the 1911s that will likely never see the light of day
Yes
And the close of that page reads: &gt; Lastly, our need for energy must go hand-in-hand with responsible stewardship of the environment. Protecting clean air and clean water, conserving our natural habitats, and preserving our natural reserves and resources will remain a high priority. President Trump will refocus the EPA on its essential mission of protecting our air and water. &gt; A brighter future depends on energy policies that stimulate our economy, ensure our security, and protect our health. Under the Trump Administration’s energy policies, that future can become a reality. Don't just cherry pick what fits your narrative.
That was based on 2016's NDAA... [2017 is quite different](http://www.thetruthaboutguns.com/2016/06/josh-wayner/is-uncle-sam-set-to-melt-civilian-marksmanship-program-1911-pistols/)
It's literally a giant panoramic picture
Don't destroy stuff that isn't yours, or assault people, like protesters did yesterday. *Edit: or do, I guess, if I want those sweet internet points*
I wasn't allowed to watch cartoons like Ren and Stimpy, the Simpsons, Beavis and Butthead, etc because they were "crude". I still did it, but I wasn't supposed to
Criminals thrive on the indulgence of society's understanding.
I would rather not say.
Blantons neat, or Jameson on the rocks Though I enjoy a whiskey ginger as well
How exactly?
Henry Cavil, or Jeffrey Dean Morgan
Not sure. /r/findareddit may be more helpful
Shop is advertising Arizona
I'd argue it was never "great", but certainly a far sight better than the echo chamber it is now.
It's bad that you said "triggered" for a non-traumatic event
Missed opportunity to pepper in more voice lines
Another excuse that gets thrown around sometimes is that women generally do not negotiate as aggressively as men when it comes to starting salaries, raises, promotions, etc. That's not sexism or discrimination - that's you not stepping up and negotiating what you think you're worth
I don't know why anyone would feel emasculated. If people need an outlet to express their disappointment or their anger, in a non-violent and non-destructive fashion, then have at it. Doesn't necessarily mean I agree with all of their grievances, nor do I think it will accomplish much in the grand scheme of things, but it doesn't bother me at all.
It's in the terms of service you agree to when signing up for EZ Pass
Dont give up your day job to use your University of Wikipedia "law degree"^TM
Indeed
The freeze won't last forever, so turn off caps lock and chill out. Nor is getting a federal job a benefit or entitlement of being a veteran, so start searching the want-ads or look into going back to school on the GI Bill
Most Ambassadors are political appointees, not career diplomats. Embassies are not suddenly incapable of doing business because an ambassador was dismissed. [Here is a good rundown](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5p6lzs/comment/dcpksdz)
I have yet to find anything stating that pay raises are frozen
I would imagine this encompasses the civilian employees of the DoD, DHS, and the VA, and probably Health and Human Services
Just grip it and rip it, dude! J/k - saved for when I start doing rifle rounds. Let me know how it turns out.
Hemmingways, in Cape May. Everything was either overcooked, or bland.
*With his dying breaths, Luke Skywalker looks upon Rey lovingly, whispering to her softly, "Now you, my daughter, are THE LAST JEDI..."* *Rey, with the emotional range of a potato, gazes at her father as he passes, as Finn pops up out of nowhere to see if she's safe or needs his help, while Poe stands watch handsomely.*
This gets funnier each time it replays. Great job
Damnit Blizz, gimme a Mei skin where her thiccness isn't hidden in a bulky coat!
/r/thathappened
If the protesters had fallen from the crane and died, the family would sue its owner, the site's owner, and anyone else they could link to it. Only in America
My cat's already declawed (got her that way from the shelter), so whatever. A stupid law to have on the books - if vets find declawing to be inhumane, then dont offer that service. We dont need the govt legislating this.
If you want to be an American - or at least be a long-term resident - you need to learn English.
That is the look of a man who has seen some shit
Probably doesn't help that we're a constitutional republic, not a democracy
For one facet: if a guy wants an abortion done, and the gal doesn't, then he should be able to terminate parental rights and responsibilities
With the 2 FRCs off the pier on the base, this must be fairly recent I think Source - I work 100 yards from them. I'll wave next time
Snowbrawl
Godfuckingdamnit
After greetings/pleasantries are (hopefully) exchanged, and the officer informs you of the reason for the stop, and asks for your license, registration, and proof of insurance, respond with this, WITHOUT removing your hands from the wheel: **"Officer, for both of our safety, I want to inform you that I am carrying a firearm on my person in accordance with state law. How would you like to proceed?"**
WoW Priest, preferably in the form of Velen, but Alonsus Faol wouldnt be a bad call either.
Good
Cheap and simple mainstays for the common tastes should take up 4-6 of your taps. Things like Coors Light, MGD, Budweiser, Yuengling, PBR. Then a few taps for some more mainstream "fancy" beers, including imports: Sam Adams Boston Lager, Stella, Guinness, Blue Moon or Leinenkugel. Maybe reserve one tap for a hard cider, another for seasonal stuff like pumpkin. The rest go with local breweries and some of the more well known craft brewers. IPAs, DIPAs, maybe a porter, stout, and a brown ale. **TLDR: roughly half mainstream beers, the other half craft**
A strike and a political protest are completely different, and this was the latter. The backlash against Uber for this is asinine.
Bullshit. You can't whitewash history because some words or imagery might offend someone. Context matters, and in an educational setting we should not shy away from confronting the ugliness of our past
The only answer worth having here. Well done
Not my cup of tea, but good luck to her Edit: sorry I'm not interested in beauty, fashion, or hair? Fuck me for having different interests, right?
[Here is the full text of the executive order.](https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/27/executive-order-protecting-nation-foreign-terrorist-entry-united-states) Nowhere are the words "muslim", "islam", or "christian" mentioned in it. No country aside from Syria is named. If this were a true muslim ban, then there would be 43 other muslim-majority countries included, rather than just the 7 identified by the Obama administration as high-risk.
Good for the 37 kids this affects, I guess
Someone made this threat to me after a decent run with Genji - not great, and certainly not worthy of hackusations - and both my team and his team kept telling him to post the video to youtube and/or reddit. "Nah, this video is just for me and Blizzard. Enjoy your ban!" This was a month ago. I'm still here.
Glad I picked at least the top 3 for everything but Warrior. I reckoned more folks would find Dehaka boring.
Perfection in *The Rocketeer*
I've outgrown them. Was all about going to Hooters in my early to mid 20s with my buddies, get pitchers of cheap beer and plates of mediocre wings, and ogle the "busty" gals in their push-up bras. In my 30s now, it's just meh. Tilted Kilt does have decent food though
Good. Worked with the guy at Boeing doing Chinook mods. The guy had a good life that he threw away for an ideology.
Good. Worked with the guy at Boeing doing Chinook mods. The guy had a good life that he threw away for an ideology.
He was both
What turn signals are for, and when to use them.
Here comes his ex-wife to demand more support
Key part of this: bill passed **without a way to pay for it**
I had a hook-up in the company that let me know a local site was hiring, but they post stuff online all the time. Big help, if you can't land a piloting gig, to have an A&amp;P license and/or the FCC GROL. Having a security clearance is a boost too.
AH64D Weapons and Avionics Tech in the Army.
For as many laurels getting tossed at Gadot and Jenkins - deserved, no doubt, though I haven't seen the film yet - it's nice to see Chris Pine get some praise as well.
Rogue One
$34000 ÷ 2080 hours (40hrs per week x 52 weeks a year) = $16.35/hr . Now factor in taxes, pension contibutions, healthcare contributions, etc. That's abysmal. Though I must dispute the claim that they are the lowest paid. Cumberland County NJ Sheriffs offered 32k, or just over $15/hr
Pine signed a multi-picture deal, so him returning in future films is pretty likely. However, might be just in a dream sequence, hallucination, flashback, etc. I would really love to see him return, but I think Snyder is going to push the Batman/WW romance angle, which - as a Justice League cartoon fan - I'm not mad about
You do realize there are vast portions of the US that are rural, if not wilderness?
There are 4 other GLs who should arrive first, not even counting Hal.
There's a semi-local mall here that's been on the decline for decades. Major retailers would pull out every few years; sometimes their space would get replaced with lesser or specialty vendors, but - especially in recent years - more often than not they just get closed up. The place is a ghost town now, with so little foot traffic. 1 regional retailer with a minimal online presence and a movie theater is about the only thing keeping it afloat. I keep expecting to see in the news that they're shutting down for good. A (relatively) newer, much larger, more modern mall about 10 miles away with much better traffic access poached a lot of the brands and customers, but that mall is anchored by huge Sears, JCPenney, and Macys stores, which are also not long for this world. At least 35% of the space are those 3, so I am curious to what will become of this mall as well.
My main love for malls - or brick and mortar stores in general - is being able to handle stuff, try things on, etc. Sure, Amazon has a great return policy, but sometimes I hate having to deal with getting the wrong item because it didn't fit right, or the pictures/description didn't match up well with what was delivered. An added benefit of walking around a store, especially when searching for gifts, is to have stuff you weren't even looking for grab your attention.
Not a snowballs chance in hell of winning, unfortunately
Pooping. Cutting the log short is just uncomfortable. Full evacuation or nothing
My fiancee got me this super sweet Han Solo in carbonite area rug for Xmas, which our cat kept pooping on for some reason. Not a big deal, pick the dry turd up and toss it, clean up the non-mess it made. Until i picked the rug up to move it a few months after having it, to find she was also pissing on it, and it reeked awfully.
Does World of Warcraft count?
Well, this thread certainly reaffirmed my decision not to get into teaching
Yup. Joined the military, learned a trade, got out after 8 years and am doing related work for great money/benefits. Being a veteran helped. Now going back to school - and being paid for it as well - on the GI Bill for an unrelated degree so i can move into the admin portion of my job eventually.
Every nation does dumb shit, including his own native Australia
Oh look, a forum full of armchair lawyers. I wonder if the same folks here convinced Trump is going to get rung up on obstruction charges are the same that swore HRC was going to get indicted. If you're expecting some bombs to be dropped with Comey's testimony, you're going to be sorely mistaken. Sure, stuff will be said and - more importantly - interpreted to make Trump look like a goon (not hard to do), but at the end of the day there's not going to be anything substantial that leads to charges or impeachment
It's... fine. I make good money/benefits, it has security, I have little supervision and a fair amount of autonomy, and it is mostly easy. The work I get is a bit feast or famine. As such, I end up working outside of my position a lot, which I don't mind because it keeps me busy and makes the day go by. But there are plenty of times where I have nothing to do, and it just bores me out of my skull. Mainly though, is I have no passion for it whatsoever. It doesn't challenge me, doesn't excite me. I'm over-qualified and over-educated for it.
MG?
Ah gotcha. "MG" to me is myasthenia gravis, an autoimmune disease that affects the nervous system, which my father has.
Anyone make a Star Trek IV joke yet?
[Plz stahp](http://i.imgur.com/cYanmPn.gif)
Piece of art that you can lift of its mount(s) with ease
I don't go to the doctor unless whatever ails me has persisted for several days or over a week. I don't need a doctor to tell me i have the flu. I don't even have a primary physician outside of the VA, I just use urgent care facilities. I have insurance, but its a hassle to deal with all the forms and rigamarole. But i'll gladly put a 20 dollar bill in a doctor's, LPN's, or PA's hand for 30 minutes of his/her time, no paperwork, no bullshit After-hours availability. If I make an appointment, i expect to be seen **at that time**. Not 20 - 40 minutes after that.
Next week. That's what I keep telling myself, going on 5 years now.
No. I wouldn't particularly care, unless it was horribly done and she looked mangled or deformed.
Never. My brother rents a room from us, so it would be awkward
A bit too lithe, but nicely done
It amuses me that Sears thinks it will be in business for 15 more years I just had a bear of a time exercising the warranty at a local Ace Hardware (who do honor the Craftsman warranty)
I would argue Pete Rose being the all-time MLB hits leader by a large margin to any contemporary players. Derek Jeter was nearly 1000 hits behind (and is now retired), and Ichiro Suzuki is closer if you count his hits in Japan's NPB (which we don't). Not only due to the impressiveness and longevity of the record, but also the infamy and scandal associated with Rose, and the fact that Rose is not in the Hall of Fame, and likely never will be while he is still alive. In the current era marred by records set with the assistance of performance enhancing drugs, Rose's baseball sin (gambling) is an antiquated holdover from the the 1920s.
&gt;Why we cant make guns illegal ~~overnight~~ in America. FTFY
That's prettt shitty. Talk to your BN Commander. Make an IG complaint. But dont screw yourself out of ETSing on time. The day after your ETS though, find that 1SG at his unit and tell him he's got 50 days worth of bags of dicks he can eat
Apologies for FB link, not on news websites yet. Soldiers present on base verifying receiving warnings about shooter and shelter-in-place messages. UPDATE 6:36EDT: local news station reporting a ["situation"](https://twitter.com/SKilburyFOX21/status/875480510314811392) UPDATE: 6:39EDT: Fort Carson public affairs confirms [shelter in place](https://twitter.com/FtCarsonPAO/status/875480058743468034) UPDATE 6:43EDT: Public Affairs confirms [shooting](https://twitter.com/FtCarsonPAO/status/875481706043715584)
I know WTFMoments is sketchy, but LOTS of folks backing up the claims, including receiving shelter-in-place messages UPDATE 6:40EDT: Fort Carson public affairs confirms [shelter in place](https://twitter.com/FtCarsonPAO/status/875480058743468034) UPDATE 6:43EDT: PAO confirms [shooting](https://twitter.com/FtCarsonPAO/status/875481706043715584)
Gates remain closed, per link
Stable condition, according to PAO
Fighting... with guns?
Before anyone jumps to conclusions - **Canada**, not US
NJ begs to differ
It's pretty shitty
Real tough to prove something happened over a decade ago with no evidence and only testimony/hearsay.
He responded to Long Chicken Boy's Twitter post about it, asking to speak privately. Then Suppy's wife (forget her name atm - Alicia, maybe?) went at him pretty hard.
Antagonistic at first, like in Batman TAS. He outgrows the role of Robin, still treated as a sidekick rather than an equal, has a falling out with Bruce, strikes out on his own.
It's true. My fiancee is quite envious of my ability to fall asleep at a moments notice. Slept through a mortar attack, which did not please my superiors when they were doing head count
&gt; "I think there’s no question that Ms. Agudio and Ms. Burwell were prosecuted, brought to trial and convicted, and now sentenced because they dared to say that they experienced a racial incident," Agudio's attorney Mark Mishler said after the sentencing. #A "racial incident" didn't happen, they made the whole thing up.
There is no evidence that slurs where used against them. What the article says is: &gt; Mark Mishler, Agudio's attorney, said in an interview that the offensive phrases included people calling them **"[expletive] ignorant" and saying they should "get a job"**. Which are not slurs, and is a somewhat typical response to people intentionally trying to provoke a fight, like the defendants did. Calling someone "ignorant", with or without an expletive preceding it, is not an offensive term/phrase, especially if their behavior warrants it.
It pleases me that such a long string of top comments recognize how misleading the headline is
Because if you have an assault charge from 10/15/20+ years ago, it could preclude you from possessing a firearm. If you are *falsely accused* of domestic violence, this could preclude you from owning a firearm. An accusation alone, not a conviction, might be enough to restrict one's access. Legislation like this this typically written very broadly, to cast a wide net, then slowly shrinks as it gets challenged in court. Gang members aren't going to identify themselves police/govt, and since gangs don't typically keep records, it's tough to prove someone is in a gang. Aside from that, gang members don't typically acquire their guns legally anyway, so any legislation restricting firearm access to gangs is utterly useless.
**TLDR: none of what Murphy proposes will reduce gun violence, because they only affect legal gun owners and the gun market, not the criminals and the black market.** While I agree that safety training a good idea, especially if concealed carrying a firearm (which this asinine state all but abolished), no where in the 2nd Amendment does it state you need to do so. You can't put qualifiers or prerequisites on Constitutional rights... *"the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed"* and all that. [Here's why smart guns suck](https://www.forbes.com/sites/josephsteinberg/2014/05/04/smartguns). They're prohibitively expensive, and add a new possibility of failure. Additionally, in the same article: *The State of New Jersey has already legislated that once smartgun technology is available, conventional firearms may not be sold to civilians in the State.* Murphy's push for them is to eventually push out all other guns, which is essentially a gun ban. Felons **can't** legally purchase firearms in this state. It will come up in a NICS check. The existing background system works, with NJ even going the extra mile by utilizing the Firearms ID card, involving even more background checks. I already addressed the [DV issue here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/newjersey/comments/6i8ixi/slug/dj5qhbx) Aside from HIPA issues related to that, it's another overly broad net to cast. What level of mental illness qualifies? PTSD (which does not by definition make one more prone to violence or suicide). OCD? Post-partum depression? I agree that seriously mentally ill individuals deemed a threat to themselves or others - regardless if medicated - should be restricted, but it's a slippery slope to start taking away rights from people due to being classified with [nearly 20% of other Americans](https://www.nami.org/Learn-More/Mental-Health-By-the-Numbers) A gun registry is the first step toward [confiscation or disarmament](https://youtu.be/-R6w07kSjjE?t=4m51s). On top of that, [Canada found that a registry was not only prohibitively expensive, it didnt actually reduce gun crime](https://www.forbes.com/sites/danielfisher/2013/01/22/canada-tried-registering-long-guns-and-gave-up/#439deeae5a1b). To the latter point, the background check system is not available to the public at large, so how can we make background checks to conduct private sales? The current above and beyond method - which isn't required by law - is to use, and by that I mean *pay*, a Federal Firearms License dealer (i.e: a gun shop). Make the background check system open to the public, and I'll support it. Specifically taxing firearms is essentially a poll tax - you are taxing people to exercise their Constitutional rights. What would this tax be? Flat rate - $25 a gun, maybe $100? Percentage of sale? 2%, 12%, 20%? And again, your average criminal/gangmember is not paying this tax. What people will do is start buying their guns in other states - I'd rather pay the gas and tolls to drive the 2hrs roundtrip to the Christiana Mall in DE to buy my guns than to give the state of NJ anymore money then they're already taking in sales tax, if this tax was implemented.
I just tried to do that with my 6 inchers, could not duplicate fault.
Do they have to be boots? [I just got these](http://www.weinbrennerusa.com/dspNavCategory.cfm?rootID=4&amp;prodid=685), though I haven't started wearing them. But I've heard good things Otherwise, [I've been wearing these](http://www.weinbrennerusa.com/dspNavCategory.cfm?rootID=168&amp;catID=169&amp;prodid=147) for over a year with no foot sweat issues, even in winter with heavy socks (when I am more prone to it than summer heat and lighter socks)
They really should revisit this, as my boot toes get drug around non-skid a lot, and exposing the steel isn't uncommon, which makes an otherwise serviceable pair of boots useless. Just make it mandatory for electricians by a certain date in the future, so folks aren't scrambling to get replacements
*casually drops his CAC into the reader at work to access*
Rye bread. Light spread of mayo. Pepper jack cheese. Roasted turkey breast. Bacon. Romaine lettuce. Thick sliced tomato Kosher pickle slices
The knowledge on how humanity can expand and thrive beyond our solar system. So that would entail things like clean and abundant energy production, FTL travel, computing power, terraforming techniques, all sorts of new material construction, etc. The value of patents alone would make any lotto winnings look like chump change
We have one that's eucalyptus mint (or something like that), and it's awesome.
The US Navy or Coast Guard
Military service
A girl i went to *elementary* school with hit me up out of the blue on Facebook about 5 years ago - we were both 28. So keep in mind I hadn't seen or spoken to her in roughly 15 years. Similar exchange, short pleasantries followed by her telling me how she had been doing well since she had gotten out of rehab, detailing her downward spiral the past few years
The US Army sent countless troops to Iraq - myself included - wearing the greyish green ACU patterned gear, that did dick all to help blend you into the desert tones. Many of the mountainous areas of Afghanistan are blanketed in snow, but we aren't giving out white uniforms. To be honest, camouflage is really only important if stealth is a priority. If youre a company or battalion sized element, chances are the enemy already knows you're there
That's adorable
The military is simple - be where you're supposed to be, when you're supposed to be there (10 minutes prior, even), and in the proper uniform.
I think the guy is just salty about getting booted out, and the "journalist" is just taking everything he said as gospel. It's a puff piece for sympathy points. They even dropped the race card in there at the end, with zero evidence to support race had anything to do with it. Yea, he got a little screwed by the system, but he also screwed himself.
&gt; It’s because they’re not integrating and assimilating organically—if they were, they’d pick up English along the way. &gt; Instead, many are living in self-segregated communities and cultural enclaves where Spanish (and to a much lesser degree, Portuguese) is spoken ubiquitously. This right here is the issue, and not only with Hispanics. Chinatown, Koreatown, etc.
Pogs. No interest whatsover
I'd be flattered, it would stroke my ego, but I'd politely decline. There isn't a hot enough girl on the planet to make me cheat on my SO. A few minutes of pleasure isn't remotely worth losing what I got
A jury is supposed to be made up of one's peers - that means you don't always get the best and brightest. Everyone has their own prejudices and sympathies. Both the prosecution and defense try to stack the deck in their favor. Personally I think juries should be completely anonymous, without regard for race, creed, gender, etc
*copy pasta from my reply in another sub* #Horseshit. What the fuck is even going on with this article? Being convicted of violating the UCMJ is not equivalent to a felony - he's still getting honorably discharged, it will not affect his benefits. This will have nearly zero impact on his civilian life. The only time it may even come up is certain agencies - particularly police and government jobs - may ask about your military record beyond what type of discharge you received, but even then it's not an automatic disqualifier. For the most part, the only thing they care about is if you got an honorable discharge. Sercvicemembers get hemmed up on UCMJ charges all the time, particularly on Article 15, which is the catch-all for minor infractions. Instead of taking his non-judicial punishment, he choose to fight it, and lost. Source: former US Army
&gt; Hunt meets the Army physical fitness standards for a 30-year-old male and scored a 260 out of 300 on his most recent test. Only thing that mattered to me
Most folks pick Ball Lightning for Cassia, but I enjoy Valkyrie a lot. Always a pleasure to drag Li Ming, Valla, Tracer, or some other nimble yet squishy ranged Hero in to get melted
I use it a lot in Brawls to good effect, but that's because the action is typically clustered in one spot. Also decent objective denial. But yea, needs work for sure My suggestions: * Meteor impact area is larger, with current damage at center, 35% on outer ring. * Getting hit puts a stacking DoT that burns a % of health
It works both ways though. There can be a mountain of evidence against an actual innocent individual, practically guaranteeing conviction, but if credible eyewitnesses can testify that the suspect was elsewhere, then that can create reasonable doubt. You argue that an innocent should not be punished for flimsy witnesses, but in that case then they could not be saved by strong ones either. Eyewitnesses do not an open-and-shut case make. And even then, it's up to the attorneys to bolster or weaken their credibility.
Are you kidding? [HRC played the gender card constantly during her campaign.](http://www.politico.com/story/2016/02/hillary-clinton-campaign-gender-card-218776)
Not really, just gotta get the timing down. My biggest problem is not always hitting the person I intend to. Sometimes this is fine, like catching a stealthed Hero, other times not, like when catching a Tank.
At the company level, we got our Special Populations PT program changed. As an occassional guest of the program, I was invited along with to participate some other frequent flyers, where we came to the conclusion that pounding pavement wearing your IBA in the midday sun everyday was not getting it done. Was able to get gym time, pool time, and circuit training incorporated, and ditched the flak vest PT
Bitches about everything and everyone. Seriously, not a day goes by here that he isn't crying about something or other. He's been out this week on vacation, and it has just been delightful.
She clears her... I dont know what, it's not her throat or sinuses, maybe her ears?... in an exceedingly loud and irksome way. It's so grating that I have asked her to either leave the room or do it when I'm not around, which most of the time she obliges. Also grinds her teeth in her sleep, though that's involuntarily
#Joey doesn't share food!!!
She was weird, and hung out with other weirdos, and I didn't want to be associated with that
A die-hard liberal who thought being gay was a choice
My SO and I are going to our local zoo tonight for an after-hours charity thing, where we get to interact with some of the creatures.
A fast-approaching wildfire
I threw a party when my parents went out of town, and while in full swing my grandparents showed up.
Not being in pain every minute of every day
She is absolutely gorgeous, but so far away from my preferred body type.
Not *the* idea, but *my* ideal Christina Hendricks
Nerve and joint damage, spinal injuries. Pot helps a lot, but it's not legal in my state, and I'm a federal employee so even if it was I'd be risking my job
Not really sure. For a no-cost non-metropolitan zoo, it's actually is pretty impressive. I'm sure it won't be any of the big cats. Maybe the goats and llamas/alpacas, some of the marsupials. We'll see
[This one](https://youtu.be/qwJj2EpC8vg)
Oh we'll be taking some. Our last animal adventure was with penguins at the local aquarium
We got to pet them, and one was really intrigued by my girlfriend's red shoes
Innocent of what he was charged with? If he tried to take a poster as a souvenir, which is believable, then no - North Korean law and order is draconian, but it's their system. He is/was guilty of being a dumbass for going to North Korea in the first place
Absolutely. This has been known for decades. It's what a police state does
"Alexa, patch me in to mission control"
As former military, definitely the latter. What the 1SG doesn't know won't hurt him
Absolutely. People's political views run a spectrum far greater than 2 monolithic parties can satisfy
Oh the brutality! Why did he have to tackle him??? He wasn't even resisting! That helmet is a lethal weapon!
Trumpcare sucks. Obamacare sucks. Everything sucks!
Are we at peak Trump saturation yet?
r/OSHA would like a word with you boys
As a former weapons tech for the AH64 Apache, I take umbrage specifically with the movie *Firebirds*. Lots of mistakes in it, but big ones: * Apaches dont go air to air. They don't carry Stinger missiles, though there are hard points to mount them... but no actual software installed to use them. No helicopter goes up against jets. * 70mm rockets are unguided, they don't "lock on" to anything. Definitely not an air to air weapon * While the Apache is *technically* capable of *some* of the acrobatic feats, they're not performed in combat and training. Puts enormous strain on aircraft, and way too risky
Sure. I've been using the same Leatherman nearly daily since 2005, only had to replace the pouch. And soak it in acetone when it got gummed up with some floor sealer
Good. Throw the book at all of them
The amount of channels I have that I will never watch, and have never watched, is staggering. The 13 religious stations, the 24 Spanish-language channels, Oprah's network... the list goes on.
If you can't hide it (like being in a wheelchair for example), then they will probably ask you about it, and what - if any - accommodations you need. Otherwise, save it for the end, which is typically the "do you have any questions for me?" part. As long as your accommodation requests are reasonable, shouldn't be a problem.
Was he using it improperly? Otherwise if it broke from normal use, I'd tell you to go pound sand
Seriously? The video starts well after the situation began, so there's no context. "Allegedly" for jaywalking... no, bet money there's way more to it. Put the pitchforks away until more information is available.
&gt; If a cop wanted to arrest you for doing something as mundane as jaywalking, would you just submit? Yes, because it is required by law. You don't win this battle on the street, you win it in court. &gt; And if the cop started beating on you for no reason, would you just accept it? Resisting arrest - which he clearly is - authorizes the police to use physical force. It doesn't matter if you disagree with the circumstances of the arrest: if you are being placed under arrest, and you fight back, the police are going to respond with superior force, and be completely justified.
[Jawn](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=jawn)
&gt; The video starts with him on the ground, under the policeman. How can you say it's clear that he's resisting arrest? Because he is clearly putting up a fight - he is physically resisting not 1 but 2 officers attempting to restrain him. How can you NOT see that he is resisting? If he was being compliant, the 2 officers would not be struggling to restrain him. &gt; The fact that you think it's clear that he's resisting exposes your bias (as well as looking at your post and comment history). And being unable to see that it's textbook resisting arrest exposes yours. &gt; Standing / speaking up for yourself is a valuable skill. Especially with police. I'm not condoning violence or anything physical towards police, but being able to explain your position rather than doing everything a police officer orders you to can be useful, and I advise that you try it sometime. No, that's not how our criminal justice system works. You don't try to talk your way out of an arrest; your personal feelings or justifications are irrelevant at this point. Your turn to speak / stand up for yourself is in court. &gt; Not everyone has the ability to take a day off and go to court for something like jaywalking, which I'm sure you have done several times in your life. That falls under the category of tough shit; you don't get to break the law - no matter how minor or if you agree with it - and evade the consequences because it's not convenient for you or conducive to your schedule. Again, it is highly unlikely that the arrest is due to jaywalking alone. That may have been what initialized the Terry stop, which is lawful detainment and you don't have the right to walk away from, but I very much doubt that it was the sole reason for the arrest. None of the video shows what transpired from when the cop approached the suspect for is alleged infraction to when the officer decided to arrest him, which could be a whole litany of things over several minutes. Maybe the cop was writing him a citation, and the suspect slapped it out of his hand, or maybe he spit in his face - both are assault. Maybe the suspect was intoxicated or stoned out of his mind, or maybe he knew he had a warrant out for his arrest and tried to flee. The point is we are missing a large portion of information. *edit for formatting*
&gt; Of the 19% who said they were recently homeless, 8% reported being thrown out of their homes, 4% said they had been evicted So the majority either have shitty parents, shitty landlords, or are themselves shitty kids/tenants.
Everything causes cancer, according to California. The sun causes cancer, but I don't see them erecting a massive shade to block it out.
But there has been in Australia, which is why US gun owners are against registries.
Japan has a much higher suicide rate compared to the US, and it is nearly impossible to own a gun there. Taking guns away is just going to have folks using alternative means to kill themselves.
Except its not 12% of 19%, it's the breakdown of the 19% of people surveyed who said they were homeless. So it's actually ~63% of the people who said they were homeless was due to being thrown out of their home or evicted. So yea, math.
WTF is an "assault firearm"? You have to have a Firearms ID card - essentially a permit - to purchase ANY firearm (to include BB guns) in NJ, as well as ammunition. Tough to own a firearm if you can't purchase it in the first place. Source: firearm owner from NJ
The previous poster is partially correct. Handgun permits to purchase can be rejected by local police, as can applications for Firearms ID cards. Without either, especially the latter, you cannot legally buy a gun in this state, nor have one shipped to you from out of state, and surrounding states wont sell one to you. If you cant legally buy a gun, then by techically you cant legally own one, as far as NJ is concerned. Right and it's a bullshit code. The only differences between a semi-automatic rifle and an "assault weapon", according to NJ, are purely ergonomic or cosmetic.
How was I changing the subject, I responded to both items? Because fighting a lengthy and expensive court battle in NJ regarding guns is an uphill fight. And there's no relief yet from the fed - [a man in California tried, and the SCOTUS didn't want to hear the case](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peruta_v._San_Diego_County)
That wasnt my point. NJ gun owners know that for the foreseeable future the only relief we will get from the state's overly restrictive gun laws will come from federal cases. NJ does not have a constitutional protection for firearm ownership, and the courts are habitually unwavering in their stance against firearms. Our likely next governor is exceedingly anti-gun, and will no doubt put like-minded judges on the bench to further that.
