its times like these i wish i was illiterate
Super Glue
what u gonna do with it? peel oranges?
fuck Clippers lucky assholes who can't even dream to reach conference finals congrats for Cavs fans, only Spurs would have been able to beat you in the finals.
it is...and he regains very strong physical power by eating spinach
dat watch
shit is very important for life.
it was an inside job and all this is just lies suddenly every single celebrity was meant to be on that plane but fate dramatically saved them
front page in less than an hour well done
ima eat you
front page
true
give that man an A+
i dont play LoL and i dont get it
heh i see, cool
im not american, does the government compensate him for the damage?
tactical deception is part of war it was thanks to this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghost_Army
so surreal
catnip*
:''''''')))))
we're so spoiled
this for real? lol
im a real american fight for the rights of every man
fuck me i'd rather be locked in a room with 4 lions than with those
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhNlw88WQCQ
u still alive?
Cavs will win easy at home to me it's already 3-1
"Bean."
now that's a real badass man
omg if they legalize same-sex marriage i will take this potato chip and eat it so hard that it will break in half
thank you so much
interesting im not in mood to think though
R.I.P Sir
wow really fancy make up :O &lt;3
thanks, my bad im new to reddit
wtf
it doesn't matter where you are, if you're an asshole no one will like you
how old is it
me no speak english i dont understand
Sourceforgery
fuck GO, real pros play S
i aint sick, im young and full of semen
congrats man
I'm shocked and chagrined by your comment!
this one is too cute xD http://i.imgur.com/J8pgU4b.jpg
some guy made it just to make a sentence rhyme in his comment he made http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/3a4h7w/steph_curry_has_become_1st_player_in_history_to/cs97h35
ironically they are shaped like penises looool
no this proves that girls have always been noobs
wtf is a $100% ????
what does it mean percentages are dimensionless
my english not very good maybe this why
heh its ok wow really? :O "you used words I did not know" can you mention some? this will really boost my morale in life, but if you can't remember then its okay
uh alright
dude wtf take it easy
hmm, it's a quote from Seinfeld xP i love seinfeld
shut up
Shirley you cannot be serious
no silly face? o wait still 1930s
Couldn't the increase extinction statistics simply result from the fact that the science concerned with such knowledge has simply improved, and hence new discoveries were made? This doesn't mean that humans are the cause of extinction.
fine..............
you're evil to me :'3
[space? spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVn1oQL9sWg)
so many horny humans in this world im glad im asexual
where's russia
don't forget there's also the chicken of the sea
thank you for sharing this :)
did you know jews are only %8 of WWII casualties?
you watch too much TV my son/daughter
is that twisted metal
suddenly everyday normal redditors become illusion artists fuck my life
hadouken
im glad it didn't try stealing your hat
resident evil 2 sucked dick
bet it will still be shit former PS1/PS2 WWF/WWE game lover
you do realize that given how noob LoL is, a noob at LoL is like a 5 year old down's sydrome kid in real life. hope you understand my analogy without patronizing.
it doesn't have any arabic on it :( it musts have arabic
holy shit
i find this strangely erotic
this is amazing imagine if Newton had the opportunity to see this he'd jizz
aaaaand that's why women suck at comedy
[she is so coy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjqdpRLVDII)
we can conclude dick size is a normally distributed random variable.
my type of gal
cute
*life complete* :')
wow 70? always thought she was much younger
do you like to parteh? ;) ur a wild cat arentcha? ;P
male here, me too looking too lazy to post a whole new post
where's page 590?
your head is so round, mathematicians should use it as a golden standard for calculating Pi
thank you sir!
steam is full of shit if it wasn't for counter strike and dota 2 i wouldn't even install it
lmao i like it
freedom? lmao look at iraq now people getting tortured with electric drills
[brilliant](https://media.giphy.com/media/NZIlOR29UF3k4/giphy.gif)
[Always listen to George Carlin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6Xtk7ALaUI)
an asian can do better
VELCOME TO CAPITALIZM.
i saw lots of Bruce Willis today, i just finished watching Twelve Monkeys
this is aweome!
god bless merica, land of the free home of the brave
[well done](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pfqk78y54Zo)
nice viking nipples
it wont change anything half life is gone forever
obviously...3 digits
it's only gay if u exchange the ballsack hair
that must be some kind of error coming from tax
she should play new stuff and stream on twitch :D
you're an SMG run and gun whore?
i respect you for taking pride in what you do.
wow how did they cut it?
oh you.
back when there was no bird flu
hi im a dumb person is that a good thing?
Braun.
is that the international symbol for tampons? looks vague, but then again, im a guy
i shall search it on google some day.
that's a good point my friend.
hmm i understand your point. it's intended to be a humours name, because i think humour is the key to people's hearts, and so they will remember the brand and are more likely to buy it
lol that's also interesting but feels more complicated than the yin yang also i think it may cause some annoyance because some people with weird OCD tics like me might eventually only buy the one that corresponds to the actual current phase of the moon instead of the ones they prefer taste wise
i dont want to crush my idea so early :')
that's another lovely idea gj :D
well said sir.
alright! heh maybe one day i can attempt this idea seriously
thanks a lot KQLY
hmm i see thanks for the cool info friend
lol its lovely
lmfao this is mind fuckingly confusing
thanks for the search unfortunately i dont have the knowledge or the equipment to do it :'( but if u do maybe we can become business partners :D
that's possible, but i love to keep things simple, just plain solid chocolate bar
I LIKE YOUR ENTHUSIASM
lol
there you go, the reason why Russia and US/Europe have disagreement when it comes to Syria
[video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Id_wIAQO1ig)
brilliant stuff, just brilliant.
flusha is best
I was in Chicago last year and wanted to go there but the bastards I was traveling with didn't want to go.
[reminds me of this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4Vxs2pXSPc)
what if his was actually Chariene Suzette Fornall
you clearly never played an FPS game before
[like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCganwY7hkU)
that yellow swimming wheel duck thing he's wearing is a rare item, i remember it from june 2006, that guy must be an admin or something that's why he got banned
well technically u shouldn't jump if u want to dodge bullets, u should crouch i often see people jumping to dodge bullets in counter strike and i must say it makes it easier for me to kill them, especially with sniper rifle
if u get a flat tire at 7th hour you get towed back to start point, that also takes 7 hours, so total 14 hours, and if u restart the game it will know and send commandos to hunt ur head.
wow ..that's so neat
ants? you were lucky, we didn't even eat living organisms, we collected toxic waste from factories and ate it
i like how the black guy is so angry while the asian and white guys are finding it humorous
amount earned decreases the higher your level gets
why VP keep fucking losing early stages fuck sake they are so slow at pushing into sites
i dont understand is this cannibalism? if so are they going to fry the diver while he's alive??
probably not i dont pay attention, maybe u misread
i bet she's really successful on tumblr
I posted this last year and it also reached front page :D https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2uxckt/til_in_1986_a_french_woman_taught_herself_how_to/
the usual not sure if boy or girl
he looks happy at the end ^_^
more like girls be ending up with no guys or friends
behold, my marvelous achievement.
I see. Thanks for your opinion.
Cool answer. Thank you.
I see what you mean.
I see what you mean. Thank you.
i drink it with cream and sugar. i dislike black coffee
hmm i see . Thank you for the interesting info :)
i doubt i ever drunk a light roast, but now that you described it, i'd rather drink a bitter coffee than a watery coffee
i didn't know that thanks!
why did they cover the lion face with a cloth? i assume it was fully tranquilized i guess it's a humane thing
well thats bizarre
can we just shut up and accept everything other people say without questioning it?
why?
eh..ok.
omg is that Kris Kristofferson duuude thats so cool
amazingly enough i already know this fact, somehow.
[Marijuana kills](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0YtPi2QZSY)
how original of you
monopoly
http://www.buzzhunt.co.uk/wp-content/2011/06/fish-with-human-lips.jpg
somewhere in an alternate reality i'm the founder of Reddit
give this man a gold, for i am poor.
everytime i get close i end up offending someone and getting bandwagon downvoted by the hundreds
inb4 Djokovic suddenly replaces Federer as GOAT
you're right my dear friend, you're right
it could have been one of those cums that are transparent (if you've been doing it a lot recently)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNHpZlNy2DE
you totally trolled her father :D i wouldn't be embarrassed if i were you i used to get embarrassed a lot when i was a child, less often as a teen, now im 24 and im dead from the inside :D
im quite hateful towards others so i don't really talk to anyone (in person) despite that i still wish others all the happiness and success, just not with me.
the feeling of love comes and goes, because human emotions in their essence are variable, otherwise they wouldn't be emotions
i used to get a lot of sore throats, then i discovered that if i use mouthwash after everytime i eat, i wont get sick as often the food traces go down from your mouth to your throat and cause you to get ill as for spicy food, i used to love spicy food, but for the past year everytime i eat spicy food it upsets my stomach, so i stopped eating spicy food
excellent!
[good job sam](https://youtu.be/gEBaNAxlUT4?t=1m28s)
is this picture in india?
bloody hell, i need to start playing deathmatch more
no, its a legit play, although that second kill with the flick using secondary fire mode is very lucky since revolver has terrible accuracy with that
cancel the offer, it will start a cooldown for trading (the cooldown is shorter than 15 days, maybe a week or 10 days) after the cool-down ends, trade instantly as u wish.
why everyone making memes about terran, i thought protoss was easiest race
woah what a studmuffin
aint dat somethin
how old
&gt;is a Semitic language spoken in Ethiopia. It is the second-most spoken Semitic language in the world, after Arabic
is romania a poor country?
are there gypsies in romania?
im 24 and been fat since i was a child as well i mostly ate for fun while playing online or watching TV, i didn't have much to do i can honestly say that it isn't worth it, and if i could go back 10 years in time i wouldn't eat as much as i did, right now i don't eat much, but im still fat because i dont exercise
how old he
THE CEILING AHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHHAHHHHHH https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwpD3USKEKw
lol why would someone get offended by someone thanking them? you're worrying too much if they did indeed get offended though, i suggest they go fuck themselves with a pair of chopsticks some people these days pretending to be offended by everything just to make themselves appear important
alright no problem
i see what u mean have fun
it was a good game, but i preferred 1 &amp; 2 i think 1 remains the best, 2 and 3 are equal
okay thank you
heh aint dat somethin this wont end well son
oh yes the blood...*drools*
would u become a porn star
a world where everyone is honest, clear, straight to the point.
https://youtu.be/nBdhnmnLnUc?t=4s
what does BUS means
lame, trying to be funny too hard
i just love stormy weather
that's cool, good luck man
this scene came to my mind https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQ3tgtzkz_U anyway i once read that archery is an extremely difficult craft to master, when crossbows where invented in the medieval times, they made archery much easier to master. it is mentioned that crossbows were almost "unfair" because a beginner archer could still fatally hit a knight that has spent his entire life mastering chivalry not sure how this is related, but thats all i have to say about archery
im a guy and i think you made the right decision
dats a fine piece
not sure, search some pdfs online
"mildly interesting" sounds like she comes o reddit
are "choose one" spells considered as two spells? by that i mean when you first play the spell, then you choose one of the 0 mana choices would that count as two spells or just one spell?
try to play minions as much as possible instead of using your turns to remove opponent minions with spells mana wyrm, arcane missiles, mirror image, frost bolt, cult sorcerer, sorcerer's apprentice, arcane blast, flamewaker, faceless summner these are all very strong early and mid game plays vs zoo
thank you
well isn't that a little bit too fucking melodramatic
close enough
hippies! &lt;3
i have a question about nourish suppose i have 10/10 mana and play nourish for 2 mana crystals, what will happen after that? will i have 7/10 mana with two excess mana cards to draw?
62-18 this is what i aspire to become in life
sounds like a script though
first of all find a sensitivity low enough that makes it easier to follow heads. most players play somewhere from 1.5 to 3 with their DPI kept at default (around 400). when i first started playing the game i used to play at 7 or even 8 sensitivity and that was the first key issue i later realized. now u need to know the proper way to use assault rifles, as you surely know, u have to stop before shooting, but that doesn't mean that you can't move or strafe to make it easier for you to adjust the crosshair onto opponent head as opposed to purely using mouse movement. when you want to stop, tap the movement key opposite to the direction your moving, then fire the rifle. this may seem impractical, but if you practice it enough in deathmatch it will become second nature. this is also essential for mastering the deagle. now the third thing you need to know what shooting technique should you use, spraying is secondary and the pattern for m4 and ak47 are intuitive. i only spray in close range combat, or if im being flanked and dont have enough time to adjust aim then i go for crouch spray. for close range combat, aim at the head and spray, you dont need to crouch, start pulling down after two to three bullets, of course if you got the kill from first or two bullets then you stop spraying, but the spraying is to guarantee that you get the kill as reliably as possible. for medium range combat, use two to three bullet bursts with m4, and taps/two bullet bursts with ak, i personally think this is the most reliable way to get kills at medium range, its more reliable and efficient than crouch spraying. for long range, never ever spray, use taps for ak, and bursts/taps for m4. i recommend you use m4a4 instead of m4a1s, because it is a much stronger match to the ak, it has higher fire rate insignificant difference in accuracy. you can search FalleN's video on youtube he teaches you how to shoot with AK. one time i read on flusha's reddit AMA that you can reach LEM or supreme without having that good of an aim as long as you had very good game sense, so dont be discouraged if your aim isn't so good. about countering people who run and gun, its just something that will disappear after you leave silver. but you can try not to stand in a wide open position, if you do that they will have an advantage over you because they will have faster reaction time than you will since they are the ones entering. also, run and gun only great for close range, rifles are great at all ranges, so if you use range advantage you should have an edge.
memory modification? if so then that's a guaranteed vac.
verify local files
maybe they using that vac monitor with switches than illuminate dark areas the one they show ads for on streams
i used to always go nova second round after winning pistol, one time i saw olof go nova after pistol round in a tournament as well but it didnt go well. ump is obviously the best smg in csgo, mag7 jumping accuracy is insanely broken, xm is okay but i think mag7 and nova are better
THE CLEANER
no problem man, best of luck
this is what starcraft has come down to? fuck sake, its all lego and memes now.
use windows sensitivity 6/11, and in game go from 1.5 to 3, acceleration off i use 2.5 and its great
i wonder about this a lot as well, i have no definite answers, but i think sometimes you just have to run, either because of time or simply because you're sure enemies know your location about switching between running and walking, it does give the general direction where you are if its heared, but if you have time and nobody peeks you, from your enemy's perspective you could be in more and more positions the longer the time passes, so its still alright i guess im noob but i have developed some ideas over some games i played: -walk in clutch situations (especially 1v1) -if you're going for kills, run -if you're going for an execute or hold, walk i wish expert players make tutorial about this, but i guess this is too trivial for them and doesn't cross their mind.
play a few death matches to loosen up your hand movement and get used to the flow of movement think to yourself, "the instant i see an enemy, its my duty to move my corsshair onto their head and shoot" keep that in your mind and you won't lose track of what to do when you see enemy
soft tacos KappaPride
thank you sir
that's some mighty morphing time shit
wonder what will happen to overwatch
because volvo doesnt give a fuck
dat spin bot dough
its alright
well said sir, well said
LUL dota...noob game
cancer cancer cancer scam scam scam scam scam scam scam kapsa kapsa kapsa kapsa
wow feels like im in ikea or something
isn't it beta? i don't play csgo anymore so idk
someone give this man a gold, for i am unemployed.
squatting in a suit, now that's some expert level stuff right there
update: attacker got killed, a woman is said to have been found dead. source: aljazeera
i have intel gpu as well and the only way i found is using SweetFX http://gamebanana.com/gamefiles/3415
yeah im wondering about that, perhaps its a flaw with the game engine
SK GeT_RiGhT 4Head
suddenly i feel like deathmatching with revolver
neat stuff
crouch spray is the way to go if you're spraying from medium range. because when you spray you go for body shots, and so it would make sense to conceal your head from the expected head level. in 1.6 crouching makes a huge difference when spraying with ak because rifle recoil is decreased by crouching, as opposed to css and csgo where the recoil for each weapon is constant. i'd only consider spraying viable from close range or if i basically have no enough time to adjust my aim. beyond medium range i think spraying is inefficient even with crouching.
DM only helps aim, you don't really need to play DM that much
ded game is ded
look at you looking badass while celebrting carl's jr 75th anniversary
30 hours sober
kqly got the vac ban while playing offline vs bots lol
http://csgoconfigs.com/pros/flusha
heh nice bug
awesome!
"New sound cue for shooting with low ammo" i dont understand effect of this, can u tell me?
wtf is this bullshit....and the new mag7 sound....wtf???? another fail update to be rolled back as usual.
another fail update, good job, lets see how many days until it gets rolled back because there's no chance in hell we'll see this used in pro tournaments
WarOwl is gonna enjoy this update
you play too much tactical shooters, this is counter strike, its been like this since 1.0
very nice
what you said already exists in all counter strike titles, even csgo
[here](https://youtu.be/KVQGFlMrbjw?t=3m45s)
many Japanese people are literally overworked to suicide, some literally live at work.
woah u waited to reach global before u started plying on faceit/esea? im gold nova 3 and already wrecking havoc there xD i think you can try to get a guest pass on esea or something, google it
i see a lot of assholes getting kills running and gunning with m4a1 people need to stop
daaaaaaaaaaaam that's +400$ ez
will probably be expensive, especially the top tier teams volvo too greedy must collect as much money as possible to justify raising prize pool
what footsteps sounds? what update was that?
i got one once from Rambo's stream https://www.twitch.tv/randomrambo not sure if he still has some open ones
lmao that sounds so funny
people still play on playstation? lol why would anyone do that, it has no advantages whatsoever over PC i'd rather have a fucking game cube than a ps4 because the game cube games are much more unique
nat baaad
trust me on this one: casual is the farthest thing from the actual game, you're better off playing death match than casual, it's an absolute mess its best if you just go and play matchmaking, that's the best way to go, if you don't have time then play deathmatch or demolition the problem with casual is that you'll literally find an awp holding every single corner in the map, which is super lame and unrepresentative of the actual gameplay.
can't you just get the bigger monitor and play on lower res in game?
its roll back time!
not at all, expert players and pro players consider matchmaking to be noob/lower standard games, even at global elite level! dont feel guilty about losin in matchmaking, its the right place to lose and learn expert players eventually stop playing matchmaking and play on esea, faceit where better players are pro players have their own online league for casual games called Faceit Pro League FPL
lol poor curry
i get what you mean
maybe he was playing hangman
olof in VP? wtf?
stop being so paranoid
u aint no prime player boss
thats funny
yes you will, service medal is part of prime.
dust 2...obviously.. but i quickly started playing other maps, one time i got an assault, i got an ace on it on T side of course, but we still lost match
try to toggle the prime matchmaking selection off you might have it as on, turn it off
hackers
tough luck man, if you're this new to the game perhaps you should watch some beginner tutorials on youtube? this guy has been posting lots of learning videos for beginners for over three years https://www.youtube.com/user/TheWarOwl this is a very basic video he made three years ago, a lot of stuff in the video are different from they are now, but its still useful to understand the mindset of counter strike. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdPBKFV1840 there's also something you need to know about CSGO community, it's filled with absolutely garbage people, so just avoid people for the most part and focus on the gameplay itself. I thought about quitting the game forever before because of the garbage people, but the game itself is just great, it has great mechanics and strategy, it's just too precious to give that up.
http://i.imgur.com/bfmsgUK
jumping is so broken in csgo
download steam phone app, then choose inside the app steam mobile authenticator search youtube steam mobile authenticator
here's an explanation of this game flaw, yes it's a game flaw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=albUwlEo5Q4 see @5:04 for exactly what happened in this pro match VOLVO FUCKING FIX!!!!
sorry man, but steam doesn't care, steam only cares about earning money absolutely non-existent customer/user support.
maybe the server itself is broken
bad idea, ESEA costs money, matchmaking is free you'll get too many assholes with fake karma and rep and badges and whatever ruining the game
lower ping decided who got that kill
well that's unlucky but im kind of happy because i dislike shotguns in the game, stick to rifles
not sure, but i have just seen someone saying dm servers are "choking" , so maybe servers are broken now
lmao what a mess those people never get tired of that bullshit
i think you can still play it, only if you already purchased it you can no longer purchase it
queue with people you know...
you can invite people to join a lobby without them being on friend list
nice scam, fits csgo perfectly
from my experience playing lots of competitive multiplayer video games, ranking can be affected by luck, but in general it's not the reason you need to adapt, try to play slower and safer to cover up for team mate mistakes you need to recognize your own mistakes and weaknesses and try to do the stuff you want to do in the best possible way
this is an old but still useful video to give you an idea of what counter strike is about, i recommend you watch it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdPBKFV1840 ======= counter strike is a difficult game for many reasons, some basic reasons are: -you do not have the bird's eye view of the battlefield as you do in MOBA and RTS games, -the weapons have inaccuracies depending on distance (close, medium, long) pistols and smgs are good in close and medium ranges, rifles are good in all ranges. -the weapons also have inaccuracies while moving, pistols and smgs have it lower so you can move a lot while shooting, but rifles have a high moving inaccuracy, so you need to stop moving before shooting. -economy: when you die you only re-spawn with a weak pistol, you need to use money to buy all the stuff you want. ========= there are many weapons in the game, to make it simpler i will tell you the most fundamental ones you need to learn how to use by playing deathmatch: -pistols: five-seven, tec-9 -rifles: ak47, m4, awp -smg: ump45 is the best smg, but the others are still very good, except the one called bizon its bad ========= misc. tips -use a sensitivity somewhere from 1.5 to 3.5 under default DPI (400) -don't spray weapons from long range, use taps or bursts at most. -here's a tutorial on modifying your crosshair https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CzqbH3GB6s -running makes footstep noises that are audible to enemy. walking is silent. -running with knife is the fastest way to run. walking with knife is the fastest way to walk. you can show speed by typing in console cl_showpos 1 -having high fps is very important, use low or very low shadow and shader video options. the effect detail and texture detail can be left at high.
666 RPM
bend the law around for own benefit? nice stuff!
that's good, for once they they actually card about their users
sorry that happened, i got scammed a few months ago and lost items worth a thousand dollars or so i was also relatively new to the game back then nowadays whenever i see highly reputed account with high steam level and positive comments i immediately think its all fake bullshit many people have fake rep and comments and profile info just to make their bullshit appear trustworthy, this is what you need to keep in mind from now on skins were kind of an addiction, and i dont handle addictions well, so nowadays i dislike skins a great deal, i have 0 skins and do not intend to ever use a skin again.
&gt; use a trusted middleman from SteamRep you're an idiot and a scammer yourself never ever use a middleman in any trade, no matter who he was, even if he was lord gaben himself
RandomRambo uses acceleration and he's an expert global/plays in FPL but he's a rare exception it would make sense intuitively that it better to have acc. off because your mouse flicks will always move the crosshair the same distance
don't blame yourself, csgo is full of garbage people and scammers, the skins popularity made things go out of hand if you have one good knife or something people will be adding you day and night trying to scam you, it's just disgusting what people do on steam
lmao what a mess
mg in 135 hours is above average so thats good how many wins u needed to reach mg? i got placed as nova 1, at 100 wins im nova 3, ~450 hours, i dont play frequently and my win rate is about %50
maybe he queues with a full team, that's a shortcut to reach ranks faster
i see, i'll try it in deathmatch
valve doesn't give a fuck, steam is corrupted garbage, all what they want is to earn money they've turned counter strike into a fucking casino, wtf does that tell you?????
MM earns you a lot more exp than other game modes, so play a few mm's and you'll find yourself rank 21 in a second
valve is liable for this and will eventually backfire in their face &gt; Gaming lawyers say Valve could be legally vulnerable &gt; prominent game makers, including Zynga, Riot, and Activision Blizzard, have been aggressive about keeping virtual currencies separate from real ones. Valve has not: Its software enables an explicit connection between in-game goods and off-line cash
i noticed you utilized sarcasm. that's some highly-original discussion skills. gj man
dont take what they say seriously, they are trying to be funny, inside they are just shaky little kids who are easy to manipulate.
you didn't deliver an argument. now go on to your skin roulette or csgo wild or whatever silly stuff you spend your life on.
he sometimes looks really strong in FPL, maybe a pro team should give him a chance, he's definitely as good as the average pro players
i see what you mean, but i think social responsibility of business is essential, valve could definitely do something to lesser the addiction, but they won't because they don't value the social responsibility enoug
not sure, there are bonuses and shit, i never understood it, but i played dm a lot and compred to mm there's a noticable difference
thats a very good win rate, keep it up you can reach LEM
lol varejao is bad luck
not worth effort, but thank you for sharing
penny hardaway best shooter all tim
strong spins
idk i dont play rpg surf
the right click fire mode is completely unusable rest is fine as it is
only crouch when spraying or peeking close angles spray only at close range, or at maximum medium range when you don't have enough time to adjust aim rest is all tapping or bursting while standing
heh u barely seen anything wait till you get vote kicked a few times for no reason to receive 1 week cooldown.
nice, post a blog about it on hltv
congrats man, keep an eye on your mistakes, keep thinking about the weapons and the best way to play the rounds
that is a good point that i forgot to mention as well spraying while scoped with sg/aug makes a big difference, especially since they have a weird diagonal pattern, but i personally still prefer m4/ak SG is really good, AUG not so much
-shazam +pasha
i find it easier to spray with ak, i just need to pull down, but with sg the bullets are harder to control, and without scoping there isn't much difference between ak and sg recoil, i dont want to keep scoping every time i spray because i think it's slow. sg is better at tapping and bursting, but at close range you just have to spray, its the most reliable way to get a kill, and so ak is more reliable at that. m4 has less recoil than unscoped aug, and its cheaper and possibly does more damage, and has a basic pattern like ak i also prefer to play the old way people played in 1.6 and source, where the aug and sg counterparts were nowhere near as good as ak and m4 in every aspect.
maybe, but its probably not worth it to focus on your demos that much, demos are only important if you're playing as a team with same people every game. it's better to just grind games and search for help/guides online when needed.
i see what you mean, i do that too sometimes best of luck man
still dont get it
its easy to get downvoted in this subreddit i agree with you
oh lol
lurker = going alone but staying passive until late in the round then you go aggressive get right and pasha most famous lurkers now, flusha is also a lurker in playstyle sometimes lurkers may attempt to sneak past enemy lines in middle of round
germany, spain, italy, france, england, and potentially portugal are all on the same bracket side that includes 4 out of the 5 top seeded teams in the tournament + the host nation terribly imbalanced brackets
it has always been fully automatic
there isn't that would contradict the gameplay mechanics everyone is used to since 1.6
im aware of that
it has been since 1.6 not sure why they mentioned its semi-automatic, perhaps the actual weapon is semi but the in game one is fully automatic to make the game easier
baby don't break me, don't break me, no moe
people love illegal gambling
solo queue is slower and more difficult than queuing with people you already know how they play
commercial place for untaxed, unlicensed gambling
not sure what that song is
what server ur ping is best at?
yeah idk its messy broken indeed
GPUs that have Nvidia Optimus don't allow user to change saturation. I'm forced to use SweetFX what cleints use EAC so I can be careful?
Forrest Gump it's too sad, too beautiful dont want to cry
u sure it's him ? was probably a troll account
they aren't really tech problems, they fucked up something on purpose just to gain an additional tactical pause
i think that's allowed, otherwise how do people who design skins test them in game?
well....aint dat somethin
i dont know about that, maybe
that's a rather nice smile full of optimism and verve
its going to take at least a year
roids
lmao nice
not sure, maybe train goes out again
i hope so
good question
oh thanks, but it's hard to find suitable settings, is it possible to get a saturation just like one with digitbal vibrance?
oh nvm i opened the wrong window, thanks a lot :D
i hate jumping shots so much in csgo, they are lame and make the game look silly
it's 100% vac safe, even pros use it on lan tournaments
go for the big dog!
thank god someone took a step in the right direction this thing with skins has grown out of proportion and had countless illegal consequences
he'll eventually get a 1 week cooldown for getting kicked too often
i find that interesting as well, i think vertigo is a good map actually imagine BO3 de_dust, de_aztec, and maybe cs_assault? lol
i use 2.5 and its great, i can aim well and move well, i found 1.5 too low
knives appear on left hand in demos only
there are more than one variable that affect accuracy [see this](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11tDzUNBq9zIX6_9Rel__fdAUezAQzSnh5AVYzCP060c/edit#gid=0) standing inaccuracy, recoil amount, firing inaccuracy, recovery time anyway, m4a4 is better than m4a1-s because its a much better match to the ak47. there isn't that much of a significant accuracy advantage that m4a1-s has over m4a4 to justify using it. m4a4 also has a higher fire rate than m4a1-s
why would anyone spray from long range though? lol *m4a1-s has %1 drop off every 500 units compared to %3 of m4a4, this is the only advantage of m4a1-s at long range shooting. *m4a1-s has recoil value of 21, m4a4 has recoil value of 23, which an insignificant difference at close and medium ranges considering you should never spray from long range to begin with. those two are the only differences in accuracy between the two, every other stat is identical now you see why m4a4 is clearly miles better than m4a1-s?? [source](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11tDzUNBq9zIX6_9Rel__fdAUezAQzSnh5AVYzCP060c/edit#gid=0)
revolver is insane for pre-shooting angles though, since it has more damage and high strafing accuracy, that makes it probably better than deagle for pre-shooting if given enough practice
just unlucky timing, but you should have heard him running behind you though
that's too situational to decide it for me, m4a4 4 evr
cant decide
[HUH!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCMjBiT3H9A)
not a typo, it short for freaking fnatic
it's hard to imagine they'd retire, they have a unique team with excellent strategies and executions
volvo fix plz
inb4 you become an asshole and start asking people for dragon lore in return for ticket
i see, good luck, and hope you enjoy it :)
i doubt it's easy, i find it difficult, so perhaps you have a talent for it
silly noobs, you can't place buildings on ice
/r/aoe2
get over it
nothing boosts the morale of a man better than a blowjob
haha wow nice
i doubt the match will be streamed, that's a whole lot of copyrights broken but it'd be awesome indeed
just go by the feeling (i mean don't think too much about the jumps, just do them without explicitly thinking about it) and of course use bind mwheelup +jump
definitely, it's impossible to bhop reliably without it use mwheelup or mwheeldown whichever more comfortable
you'll still get 20 hours cooldown regardless
vsync off?
only when you just bought them from community market
nothin like food to eat emotions of defeat away
32 tick demo
if he's aimlocking, then why didn't he lock into the two earlier kills?
it's pretty obvious from the way you talk that you're judgemental arrogant person.
it's a GOTV demo all demos are 32 tick
thanks captain obvious
no, as a cheater it would make sense to use the cheat to gain the advantage, rather than getting the kills without it at first then using it over a wall.
http://www.hltv.org/news/18112-esl-one-cologne-schedule-released starts 5th of july, first match on 11 AM european/coppenhagen time the pre-show starts 10:30 AM
what's the matter
aaah matchmaking...10 awps battling fiercely for the win
i think that's irrelevant to prime matchmaking as far as i understand, matchmaking puts you with people around your ELO rating, that could include a rank above or below you EDIT: it could also calculate averages for teams you were queued with supreme player, so probably that boosted the average quite a lot
take it easy, your distress will not last and you'll feel better soon :)
casual? ooooh you mean the 20 awp game mode i know it yes
i know of that but i thought thrre was a map called like that
there's no need to crouch while tapping or bursting csgo players over use spraying
nova 3, 100 wins, i watch a lot of streams and i see pros spraying too much as well (LG for example..) long range spraying makes no sense to me because i don't think spraying is a viable method of shooting at long range even with m4, unless of course we have different definitions of long range
site to car is a viable spraying distance, but i'd only spray from there if i didn't have time to adjust aim onto head spraying goes for body shots, so if you can adjust aim to head quick enough then tapping or bursting always gets kill faster this is what i mean by csgo players crouch spray too much one time i saw heaton 1.6 guide on youtube and he said that you should crouch if you see enemy already crouching, don't be the first one to crouch. so this is an interesting special case to counter crouching that is worth trying as well EDIT: ^ that heaton tip is from long range only it seems https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTxTb1wl9As
effectively you can only report during the match itself from scores screen you can report from steam profile but nobody really cares about those
not sure, just verify cache or reinstall
alright thanks for the info, i'll keep that in mind when i return to playing the game
nice alley oop
burger &amp; fries lots and lots of burger &amp; fries
some say he's spinning in real life as well
big for him or the scene in general?
yes you are sweetheart
as far as i know you can only use steam guard on one account only
crouch?
no clue
i dont understand what you mean by hp and ap
helmet = armour, so yes it will be redued?
alright thank you
helmets don't have their own points, they are combined with the kevlar armour, meaning that if you get headshotted with helmet, your armour will get reduced, but to fill it again only $650 will be discounted even if you choose the helmet + kevlar option
i honestly never found a significant difference, people complain too much the first shot isn't 100% accurate, as evident by this test https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfT11Q36MvQ
i think that's redundant because its already counted in the kevlar armour, and the kevlar armour covers more sources of damage there wouldn't be a contest between which one to re-buy (helmet or kevlar) because kevlar is far more fundamental than helmet. $350 helmet is great when you survive an eco with kevlar and when you win pistol round by elimination with 0 frags on T, that extra $650 is literally as good as flushed down the toilet
o shit match started? faaak
oh.. i thought u were the same person lol
I have been fat since childhood, I don't eat heavily anymore because it lost its appeal, I like meats, I barely eat vegetables nor fruits. My sleep pattern is unstable. there are days each month that I sleep at daytime and stay up entire night. But in general I get enough duration of sleep despite it being on wrong times. I do not use drugs nor I have allergies.
glad they bought armour though
all of them
they are group matches
holy shit that's some KKK level shite right thre
idk im not american, but i doubt gov. would let people get rich over the internet this easy
actually I had an indigestion a month ago and they measured my heart rate, they said it was a little high I do feel gassy often. I'm very thankful for your responses.
yeah thats the point
exaggeration is part of comedy!
no not really i think my bowel issues are from being fat, and from feeling nervous about stuff my family does anyway i suspect that i have nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, my mother and my brother both have been shown to have fat on their livers
woah..usually cats do that kind of stuff
but the problem is, what if you are legend and you enjoy climbing at the lower ranks with different decks every month
its hard to be good at a game at such an age, i remember when i was 10 i used to play age of empires II and i barely understood what the buttons did, let alone play the game i guess he should find run &amp; gun with smgs easy enough, so thats a good starting point you can tell him about community servers, im sure he'll like the custom game modes
yes, not sure honestly though, blizzard seem to give much more of a fuck about their games than volvo
i doubt legendary players would use their best decks to climb from lower ranks, so in this case i think its fine if they did they are just mega try hards
don't worry too much and just play matchmaking, there are players of all skill levels there stay willing to improve your game sense, movement, aim, eventually, given right time and patience, you'll become an expert
damn, that's lame let's see what will happen, maybe they can make legend start from rank 5?
that could work too, we shall see what they will do
plot twist i live in an igloo
did they change it? to be honest though, if i recall correctly awp sound in csgo is different from css and 1.6
is there a video of it? that clip isn't in the linked video
thanks captain obvious
fuck off scammer
good.
it isn't about age, its about interests
naaa
i did that and he bought it lol i felt guilty after that D:
they are third party clients, ESEA is paid, faceit has both free and paid modes people mostly starting going there once they are around LE
eh..a bit useless
1G such a wizard, always does outrageous stuff
guess what sonny boy, im an outlaw *shoots you with revolver* *misses 8 out of 8*
its too deep there are multiple other positions to watch outside from that area besides heaven
cool, now i can enjoy the view of my default knives
pro tip: he stares at radar throughout entire match
computer satisfaction food
well said
they are just kids, they'll get over it in a few months
report them then go to another server, those usually invite their friends to all spinbot together and troll around
average stuff, i just like the internet
tournament is so boring anyway, so its quite fitting for that to happen is this the lowest goal average in history?
why this shit never happens to me &gt;:(
such big nose, looks like pasha LOL
