USS Liberty was an accident of friendly fire. Israel admitted to that and paid restitution... long long time ago - 48 years ago. USS liberty was the civilian cargo vessel Simmons Victory converted to carry electromagnetic audio-surveillance devices to spy on Israel during a time of war. Next time, don't try to get close to spy on a country which is in the midst of a major war with its enemies. Even Egypt which was at war with Israel then thinks so. Read it [here](http://www.egyptindependent.com/node/515763). Anyway, the truth is "*Both the Israeli and U.S. governments conducted inquiries and issued reports that concluded the attack was a mistake due to Israeli confusion about the identity of the USS Liberty.* *In May 1968, the Israeli government paid US$3,323,500 as full payment to the families of the 34 men killed in the attack. In March 1969, Israel paid a further $3,566,457 in compensation to the men who had been wounded. On 18 December 1980, it agreed to pay $6 million as settlement for the U.S. claim of $7,644,146 for material damage to the Liberty itself.* *On December 17, 1987, the issue was officially closed by the two governments through an exchange of diplomatic notes.*" **This was the first and ONLY(!) incident, 47 years ago, where Israel killed (friendly fire) American Soldiers.** If anyone think that today, 2015, or since this incident in 1967, that Israel is trying to kill Americans or hurt them, then they are delusional. Israel is the best friend of the USA, more than Europe, Russia, China, South America, etc. Better to concentrate on the real enemies of the USA instead of unexplained and irrational hate for Israel.
I don't think that Jordan will become Lebanon. Hashemites and "Palestinians" look the same, speak the same, same religion, same everything! There's not a single difference between the local Arabs in Israel versus Jordanians or Egyptians. Lebanon had the issue of Christians versus Muslims. &gt; I feel that the only long term solution to the conflict must involve that the Palestinians learn that their actions have consequences, I agree, but you need 50-100 years for that to happen. And it will happen, because there's nothing genetically wrong with Arabs or Muslims, including those in the Israeli area.
Zachos, as I said, and Uncanny agrees with me, it's better for the local Arabs in Israel to be Jordanians under an absolute tough Hashemite king of Jordan.
What's the big deal here? A mentally retarded woman, and her wonderful parents, retract her story that "Palestinians" raped her. **Every day, in Israel and all over the world,** women retract their false accusations that a man raped them. Much more important is to check what will happen to a modern dressed woman walking in Arab villages or any Arab country.
... and also if the "Palestinians" did not have the terrible political and religious "leaders" they have. As for "intellectual" idiots: it's a mental illness. Simple example: while 99.9% of doctors and 99%+ of the population know and believe that vaccination is good, "intellectuals", many of them in Silicon Valley in California, believe the exact opposite and they are speaking out of great "knowledge". Add hate to the mixture, and you increase the number of intellectual idiots. Simple example: animal lovers who terrorise anyone who think slightly different than them (while they feed their beloved cats and dogs with meat... from animals). They are driven by hate to "animal haters" who barely exist in the whole world.
I just said: no such thing as "Palestine" or "Palestinians". Actually, it's **TOTALLY Israel's fault** that we hear today about "Palestine" and "Palestinians". You agreed with me!!!! We agreed that if in 1967, if Israel did not liberate this land from the Jordanian and Egyptian occupation, then today will not hear about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them. Am I right?
Are you really believing that the local Arabs would fight and create a "Palestine" for themselves without Israel help or consent ? Remember: Israel consented to the idea of "Palestine" in 1948 while the Arab countries did not.
Never was there a nation called "Palestinians ". Find me a descent history book that says otherwise. Israel created this nation because A Israel was restablished in 1948, B Israel liberated the local Arabs in 1967. Say a big "thank you! " to Israel and nothing to all Arab countries or the leaders of the Arabs. As for the name "Palestine", it's not "philistines" in Arabic. There's a separated word in Arabic for the ancient and proud nation of the philistines. Just like in Hebrew : palestinim versus plishitim. Check it, please.
Really? Are you saying that it's better to be a Jordanian or Egyptian than "Palestinian" in a "Palestine"? Actually no need to answer: you already said that you are fine if there are not "Palestinians" and, instead Jordan occupied their land and called them "Jordanians" (which they did not).
Yes, I got it. You are more anti-Israel than pro-"Palestinian". You don't care about "Palestinians", like all Arabs. You care more about "Bad Israel" ... because of "Palestinians" and other excuses. For you it's fine if Jordan occupies the land and make the local Arabs as "Jordanian" under a tough Hashemite king of Jordan. But god-forbid if Israel liberates this land to wait until the local-Arabs grow up and are ready to run their own peaceful "Palestine" for themselves. **Israel was never ever against the idea of a "Palestine" for the local Arabs!** But you and all the Arab countries are actually against this idea. Hypocrisy!
If a nation ("Palestinians") does not have history, as you just [correctly] admitted, then it's not a nation. Period. End of discussion. If I identify myself as gay, I cannot demand or expect a country called "gay country" for me and my "nation". In comparison, the Jews have 1000s of years of nationhood, including their own country Israel 2000 years ago, before there were many countries in the whole world. As for Americans, the land they were living in was not "Britain" or "France", so they were entitled for their own country... and they had a history of a nation for about 200 years before that. (Never mind the Indians who lived in the same place and never wanted a country of their own... like the local Arabs in Israel. They do not deserve a country, in my opinion.) Israel liberated the local Arabs from occupation by their brothers of Egypt and Israel. **FACT!!!** It's a fact because IF Egypt and Jordan did not occupied that land in 1948, they would have had their own "Palestine" country back in 1948. Am I right or wrong? LIBERATED by Israel! IT'S A FACT!!! Say a big thank you to Israel.
It seems that you do not like to find the truth, even when asked to do a simple google search. So, for you, in Arabic, the word "Philistines" is الفلسطينيون alfilastiniuwn. While "palestinians" is فلسطيني filastini. **CONCLUSION, and FACT:** Just like in Hebrew, "Palestinian" is not the same as "Philistine".
Americans fought for their independence. Long history of that. What do you want to call all the whites in America? Do you want to call them "Indians"? Local Arabs in Israel never fought for their "Palestine" country, before 1948, or during the occupation of 1948-1967. Once Israel liberated them, they started to fight... but not for their "Palestine" country! They only fight to destroy Israel or kill Jews. Nothing beyond that. **They do not recognize the right of Israel to exist!** You have no concept of what "nation" is! Nation is not a bunch of people who identify themselves as "same", e.g. gays or Xbox gamers, or "Fagestinians" as you called them. To qualify as a nation, you need history of fighting for your nation in a SPECIFIC geographical location. The local Arabs never did that. And I am sure you spend more time for the Kurds who fight for their freedom, and are many more people than "palestinians". Lastly, as for the FACT that Israel liberated the local Arabs from a 1948 occupation and only to this FACT we hear about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them: You are entitled for your dissolution that "oh, Palestinians were/are a nation and only Israel, but not Jordan, Egypt and all the other Arab countries were in the way of them having their own country... where they will be free with all rights". Go ahead and convince others to believe this junk. Start with Arab Israelis. Let's see how many of them will agree with you.
Yes, same historical source for the word. Not a root! Please learn Arabic and Hebrew: the words "Palestine/Palestinians/Philistines" are not root for a words. One word ("Philistines") is the original, of a real nation, proud nation, documented in history and archeology, acknowledged by all Jews, in the bible the Jews believe in, etc, etc. The other ("Palestine") is Roman invented word that Arabs can't even pronounce and it was invented by the Romans to humiliate the Jews. The Romans also renamed Jerusalem as "Aelia Capitolina", also to humiliate the Jews. Funny how everyone (Arabs, Jews and everyone else) still call the city "Jerusalem", ignoring the Roman name. But for some silly reason, the Arabs will stick to the Roman name "Palestine" instead of their proud historical name of "The Philistines".
Yes, "Palestinians" are made up, but no, Israel does not want them to be part of Israel. Why do you think Israel want the Arabs in Gaza or WB to be part of Israel?
Arabs in Israel have equal citizenship. Also, they have more rights, freedom, prospects and democracy than any (!) other Arab or Muslim country, even more than a Saudi prince! Good luck with "equal citizenship" for the local arabs in their future "Palestine". Forget about it! It's better for them to be under the forceful control of a Hashemite Jordanian king. I agree with you here. So, leave Israel alone. It has nothing to do with current "misfortune" of the local Arabs. P/S: my hope, and Israel's hope, is that hopefully in 50 years, the local Arabs will be ready to run their free and full rights country of their own who will be peaceful towards Israel. But probably it will be in 100 years...
Again: the PA **never ever** recognized the right of Israel to exist unconditionally. Ask right now the leaders of the Palestinians if they unconditionally recognize the right of Israel to exist. **GO AHEAD** I would like to hear them repeat that "recognition" they have for Israel. P/S: don't bother with Hamas leaders in Gaza P/S2: The PA represent all local Arabs? When did they get elected?
No, I did not say anything like that. I will say again: "Palestinians" is a made-up nation. The million plus Israeli Arabs who live in Israel do not call themselves "Palestinians". Don't insult them with that name! They call themselves "Arab Israelis"... which is what they are: Arabs. Yes, all this land, and much bigger is a Jewish land, historically. Undisputed. I, vast majority of Israelis and Israel do not want all the Arabs in this land to be part of Israel. For example, at least 99% of Israelis, all Jordanians and all Egyptians do not want ever, never, Gaza to be part of their country. As for the WB, Israel and I do not want most of its local Arabs. So, some of it will be their country... when they mature enough and are ready for that... and the rest will be Israel... where the luckiest Arabs in the whole world live.
Yes, I do support settlement expansion! This is a Jewish land. The settlements are the only reason Arabs are somewhat interested in negotiation with Israel. If there were no settlements, even then there would be no peace deal with the Arabs. The settlements are not a reason for the delay in peace. When Arabs learn to live with Jews, then there will be peace. Am I right or wrong?
Sorry. They do not recognize the right of Israel to exit! Period. The Oslo Accords were never signed. I don't care about what happened in Oslo. I care about now! Please ask their leaders to confirm that they recognize the right of Israel to exist. Good luck with that!
I always proudly said that! Yes, it is a Jewish land. Any historical evidence it was not? Any reason why it's not a Jewish land? Yet, I will say **AGAIN** and maybe this time you will listen: I do not want Gaza to ever ever ever be part of Israel. Nor do the Egyptians or Jordanians want that land. As for the WB, most of it should not be part of Israel. Let them have their country in part of it. And finally, yes, the local Arabs, like most Arabs, are not ready for self-rule in a democratic free and full rights fashion. Why do you think otherwise?
Who is "we" and who does [unelected] Abbas represents? Who said Israel does not recognize the idea of the local Arabs having their own country? Bibi just said that, again, for the 1000th time, today.
No! Because the PA does not recognize the right of Israel to exist unconditionally. To begin with, I have no clue who the PA represent and why Abbas is its leader. So I don't care what the Abbas "head to the PA" says. Isn't he in "Unity" with Hamas who wants to destroy Israel?
I know you desperately want the "Palestinians" to recognize Israel, but they don't. The PA does not represent anyone. Neither does Assad in Syria, nor Sisi in Egypt or the king of Jordan. If you want someone or some party to represent a nation, then have a true democratic election! Abbas was elected once, and his term finished loooonggg time ago. He refuse to run elections again. You know why? Because probably Hamas will win in the WB. And now, tell me again the local Arabs recognize the right of Israel to exist? P/S: All this, while Israel totally recognize the right of the local Arabs to have their own country, even since before 1948.
No I did not change anything. I claim something simple: The "Palestinians" do not recognize the right of Israel to exist! Simple, short sentence. Now for the proof: This sentence is 100% true about Hamas and Gaza. As for the PA in WB, they never recognized Israel unconditionally, nobody know who they represent, supposedly they are in "unity" with Hamas and their leader Abbas is irrelevant about what he says because he's not elected. What's not clear about what I am saying?
I don't care what Abbas said or personal letters from Arafat about an accord that was never signed. Is that clear? I want to see a democratically elected leader of the local Arabs who says "I recognize, with no conditions, the right of Israel to exist, with the capital of Israel being Jerusalem". **ANY CHANCE THIS HAPPENED, or will it happen any time soon?** **NO (!!!!) PEACE until then!** Correct or not?
True! Thanks for the clarification.
There was a country called Israel. There was also a country, in a different area, called "The Philistines". [Ancient Egyptian tablets](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merneptah_Stele), from 1200BC refer to both of them. End of discussion. But there was never ever a country called "Palestine" or "Palestinians". I will be glad to return Jerusalem to "Canannites" if you find them and they will claim it's their capital. Ok? Israel was reestablished in 1948. We are not going to pack and go back to ???? Deal with it!!! So, either you live with peace with Israel, Jews and their capital of Jerusalem, or, be in the situation were you are with Zero accomplishments since 1948. What's your choice?
**IT'S NOT DEBATEABLE!!!** Egyptians and their Pharaoh fought Israel in 1200BC. End of discussion. Also, thanks for for confirming: if there was never ever a country called "Palestine" then it's Ok there's no such country today or "Palestinian" people. Thanks you. Palestinians are not decedents of Jews. **But go ahead and tell them that, and we will see the reaction to this revelation.** I can't wait to see how this will work out for you... Jews have a clear distinct genetic marking. Only obsessive Jew and Israel haters like you will claim "there are no Jews". Those haters are sour losers while Jews make unbelievable accomplishments in Israel and all over the world.
Iranians, like Arabs and other Muslims are mostly Jew haters. That's why I mentioned "Iranians".
Yes, I honestly, really, think that Jews are superior: intellect, money, success, power, influence, good looks, their country Israel etc. Your hate towards Jews and Israel is derived from jealousy. As you know, there are only 2 reasons for hate: 1. Somebody did something bad to you, so you hate them. 2. Jealousy. Your case.
Sorry, when someone [out of unexplained hate] says "Israel/Jews/etc" do not exist, and I prove him wrong, he's a loser.
Again, being a Jew, I am superior. So, desperately, you have to use false claims against Jews and Israel to somehow claim otherwise. I really really think and know that Jews are superior. I am not joking.
LOL!!!! LOL!!!! LOL!!!!! You are killing me. Maybe this is the only way to harm me: give me quotes from Gilad... so so so so so funny...
LOL!!!! Very good!
Kaffir, welcome! Nice to see you again, here. Feel free to voice your opinions here and debate them freely with opposing views.
Be nice to him! Actually, no need to be nice to him.
Can I have fits with you? ... you make me lough so much....
If you want to become Jewish, go ahead! Even if you are an Arab. Just watch out for your Arab brothers and sisters reaction!
Please review the following [graph](https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?year_start=1800&amp;year_end=2008&amp;corpus=15&amp;smoothing=7&amp;case_insensitive=on&amp;content=Nakba&amp;direct_url=t4%3B%2CNakba%3B%2Cc0%3B%2Cs0%3B%3BNakba%3B%2Cc0%3B%3Bnakba%3B%2Cc0%3B%3BNAKBA%3B%2Cc0). As you can see, "Nakba" maybe existed as a word in Arabic, but instead of being used since 1948, it's being used only since 1967... when Israel liberated the local Arabs from a Jordanian and Egyptian occupation... thus, Israel enabled the idea of "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them... and "Nakba" is the excuse by Arabs against Israel... instead of "thank you!". If the 1967 war never happened, and the local Arabs were still under Jordanian and Egyptian occupation, we would not hear today about "Palestinians", "Palestine" and also "Nakba". Am I right or wrong?
What "Jewish Nakba [catastrophe in Arabic]"? I don't remember a Jewish Nakba! Jews who were forced to leave Muslim countries created wonderful new life for themselves in Israel, safe, freedom of religion, well-to-do economically, rights, vacations, homes, cars, etc. Being so busy advancing their lives and making accomplishments, why would waste time or bother to remember a "Nakba"? **In comparison,** small amount of local Arabs were busy and are still busy with childish blame-game. And when you are busy with a blame-game, you accomplish nothing except more blame-games. P/S: my parents were smart and ran away from the Czech Republic before the Nazi invasion, leaving land, warehouses and houses behind. In the end of WWII, the Czechs expelled all the Germans to Germany. **Neither my parents, nor the Germans** claim a silly "Nakba", or blame the Czechs/Germans! Just busy with the wonderful life thereafter in a new place.
As for Myth #1, “The problem is the settlements”: I want to hear or see even one person who believe if there were no settlements, then the would be peace. On the other hand, if Arabs coexist peacefully with settlements here and there, then peace can happen.
Yes, absolutely! I think there should be more settlements! And I think that the ONLY reason, really, that the Arab actually were talking "peace" with Israel is because they are afraid of more settlements. I am 100% sure that if there were no settlements, the Arabs would not talk "peace" with Israel at all. As for 2066, 50 years from now, when hopefully the Arabs have sane leaders, and they truly want to live in peace and coexistence with Israel, then one of two things, or both of them: 1. For such true peace and coexistence, I have no issues with dismantling settlements. Israel has proven record of dismantling settlements and doing "Jewish population transfer" for peace with Egypt and "no peace" with Gaza. 2. The new Arab country will coexist with its Jewish citizens. **JUST LIKE** Israel was always doing very well with its many many Arab Israeli citizens. No issues at all. No country in the world is made of pure one race/religion. Learn to deal with it! It's really not hard and nothing to fear about it.
First, I asked and even you cannot say "If there were no settlements, then there would have been peace". Correct? &gt; Israel will agree to neither option [of dismantling settlements or having Jews in the new Arab country]. Try us! So far, clear and plenty records show that Israel dismantles settlements and Jews live in countries other than Israel, where they are even tiny minority. Forget about Jerusalem! It's the capital of the Jewish state, 3000 years ago and today. &gt; the idea that they [Israel] will hand over a million people to Palestinian control is also completely insane. Actually, it would be insane for most Jews to choose to stay in the new Arab country. And most will not! I am sure about that! So, this is how Israel worked in the past about dismantling settlements, as if you did not know: You offer those who are willing to relocate a big compensation. And, in all cases, MOST took the offer. Then the rest, per agreements, either will be forced to leave, or so-many will be allowed to stay in certain places. This was done in Sinai and Gaza. Don't worry about it! I am not worried. **LET'S NOT WASTE TIME:** As I said, settlements and how to handle them are not even a real issue that prevents peace! The real issue is Arabs who do not want peace, not ready for peace, their leaders are playing futile political games with their own people and their leaders are idiots to begin with. **I am actually very happy about the current situation, of "no peace":** Time is totally on the side of Israel, which made unbelievable accomplishments in its modern 70 years of existence. **At the same time, absolutely not a single accomplishment for the "Palestinians"!** Nada! None! Let me know if any accomplishment was done by them in the last 70 years! Please.
Garet, this is also a good theory. Politics 101 tells you that to become a leader you need people to unite behind you and the EASIEST and FASTEST way to do that is tell them about an enemy that we all need to fight (Jews is a safe bet for this). You also get shielded from any criticism, especially if Jews/Israel is your hate subject. But leaders that use this Politics 101 method are smart enough not to do the absolute stupid idiotic things that "Palestinian" leaders did.
Wow, you really really try hard to not understand. &gt; And you think that is evidence that the Egypt is working for Israel. How on earth did you get this conclusion? I clearly said that the "Palestinian" leaders are probably Israeli agents... who made sure that Egypt and its newly elected president, Morsi, will hate the "Palestinian"... less than a week after Morsi was elected and promised to open the gates to Gaza. &gt; They could have gotten a nice agreement with Israel getting Jerusalem and most of the West Bank and no return of anyone. LOL!!!! LOL!!!! Even Israeli agents, even as "Palestinian" leaders would not be able to make this happen. LOL!!! Can you even imagine that the Hamas leader today says "I am signing an agreement with Israel, no Jerusalem, no Return, etc." and that his people will actually go with it... LOL!!! Or Abbas saying the same and his people actually go with it? Really?
And probably they still think so today, after the massacre in Orlando.
If BDS was boycotting other countries (for clear and far worse issues they claim against Israel), then I would say it's fine if they boycott also Israel, whether they are right or wrong. If you only target Israel it's clearly due to unexplained hate, and not free speech. Anyway, I don't care much about BDS. They are doomed to fail and they already failed in their efforts.
&gt; would also have been a peace treaty LOL!!!! And that peace will last exactly couple of months until their tyrant says "I want also Jerusalem and Israel, Jews out, etc)". At least with the peace treaty with Egypt and Jordan, they cannot come with claims for "more" from Israel.
Ok! So, if you have a "BDS" that boycotts only one country, Israel, for certain reasons, but it does not boycott other countries for the **same reasons**, then what do you think about this "BDS" thing? Is "BDS" a fair thing only against Israel? Or should they also boycott China, for example, for what happens in Tibet? What China did with Tibet is far worse than what Israel did to the "Palestinians".
I don't see an issue with Arabs rejecting peace with Israel right now. I am glad it's so. Time is totally on the side of Israel and "peace" now with such Arabs and their current attitude, besides being impossible(!), is simply a stupid move for Israel and unnecessary big risk that, for sure, will create even worse and very unpeaceful situation. To begin with, why does Israel need another Arab country next to it? Will it be a peace loving democratic free and progressive country that want to collaborate with Israel? Absolutely not! Just like ALL other Arab countries!!! **So, I also reject peace with them!** Israel should not be afraid to say publicly that it's not interested in peace with the local Arabs with their current attitudes. Don't worry! When you are tough, people leave you alone and consider what you say. I am not worried about sanctions against Israel. They will not happen. I can explain why too. **So, what's the end game here?** Albert Einstein said: **Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.** So, in my opinion, Israel need to blatantly ignore the Arabs and world opinions and strongly and vocally promote the truth: that Arabs and Islam have no connection to Jerusalem, this whole land was/is and will be Jewish land with rich Jewish history, Jews deserve more for how they were treated by Arabs and the whole world, Arabs right now are not cultural enough and ready for democracy, freedom, rights and living with peace, even among themselves, etc, etc. Then, quite quickly, 10-20 years from now, the world and Arabs will understand, especially when Israel is totally firm about it. Simply, because you can't fight truth. When the understanding in the world and among Arabs sinks in, that Israel is right, peace can happen. Then, we can compromise about something...
So? I hope there will be even more settlements... settlements are the only thing that make Arabs to consider talking with Israel... before they lose everything, most, or some of what they want.
Bla, bla, bla, bla... of empty cliches with no supporting evidence. The "Palestinian" population is bigger than ever, they are doing much much better under Israel control than when they were under Egyptian and Jordanian occupation until 1967. **Bottom line: Israeli Arabs, citizens of Israel, do not want to be part of the "Palestinians" and do not want to be called "Palestinians" because they know they are the luckiest Arabs in the whole world: they have more right, freedom, democracy and prospects than even a Saudi prince.**
Trust me, even YOU cannot say "If there were no Jewish settlements, then there would have been peace between Israel and the local Arabs". Can you say that to me? The issue has NOTHING(!) to do with settlements. The real and only issue is bad and futile Arab culture of hating Jews for no reason at all, even before Israel was reestablished. Period. **In the last 70 years, this failed Arab culture has resulted in Zero/None/Nada accomplishments for the "Palestinians", while at the same time, Israel and Jews had tremendous amount of accomplishments and success.** Tell me of one accomplishment by the "Palestinians" in the last 70 years. Please. Please continue with your attitude. God forbid you and Arabs become reasonable thinking people. Then, really, Israel will be in real trouble.
LOL!!!! Keep living in your world of fantasy about Jews/Zionists and Israel/ Meanwhile we make major accomplishments, get stronger, richer, and have all the land for our use. Time is totally on the side of Israel. **The last 70 years are a proof that Israel/Jews win, while "Palestinians" accomplish nothing/Zero/Nada/None.** Please, please continue telling me more of your stories about Zionists/Jews and Israel. I use the time to accomplish real things.
Every time the world ("French peace initiative" this week) or Israel ("Rivlin/Herzog/Barak offers", also this week) is catering to the "Palestinians" wishes/whims, it makes them even more against any kind of compromise, more crazy, and more made-up accusation and support for terrorism. Simply, because it encourage the "Palestinians" to be MORE of what really they are and not to change. I love the fact that, today, Abbas refused to even meet with the Israeli president Rivlin. The right approach by Israel is to use strong arm against the "Palestinians" and their leaders, to put them in their place. Israel should be brave to say the truth: "No peace until they have a democratically elected leader, forget about Jerusalem, forget about a return, genuinely seek peace, understand freedom and rights, and totally stop terrorist acts, totally stop." When you behave strong, everyone cater to your wishes and don't fight you. See Iran, Turkey, Russia, etc. At least Israel is totally just about their cause.
Trust me, Israeli Arabs in Israel are the luckiest Arabs. Ask them! Please. And that's why more and more of them join the IDF to defend **THEIR** beloved country, Israel, against Arabs who don't know better.
Get over it: Arab Israelis, who will be offended if you call them "Palestinians", are joining the IDF because they are happy and proud of the beloved country, Israel, and they want to defend it against other Arabs who don't know better. Also the Bedouins and Druze and now most Christian Arabs.
Oh yes! Israel expel while doing a genocide, ethnic cleansing, apartheid, concentration camps, etc, etc. What else is Israel doing? I alway want to learn about new things I don't know about... including those imaginary things you come up with...
&gt; insulting enough to be disallowed. One way to avoid reality and truth is to claim anything you don't like as "insulting". I don't get insulted when I hear "Jews/Zionists/Israelis rob and steal, etc, etc." You know why? Because I know it's not true. So why should I take it seriously to even get insulted by such nonsense claims? Lucky for us, Politically Correct is going out of fashion. "Palestinians" are losers because in 70 years they accomplished absolutely nothing. Let me otherwise, of any accomplishment achieved by the "Palestinians".
Oh no!!!! A "Palestinian" expert in bigotry ("Zionists steal and rob...") cannot handle the truth that "Palestinians" support terrorist attack, celebrate Muslim terrorism in Europe, kill their daughters for "family honor", etc. So he calls it "bigotry". Just so you don't get the wrong impression about me: I am 100% sure that given true freedom, to choose, to speak, to learn, to think, to evaluate, then Muslims, Arabs and "Palestinians" are like all others. But their current political and religious leaders are worst of humanity... and sadly many many Muslims and Arabs will follow their lead. I am not a racist, but I will do all I can do fight enemies of humanity, Jews, Israels and Zionists.
I agree with you! So, should I use a nice tone with andybea or should I use another tone with him?
Wild Bill says: &gt; normal people, when confronted with truth, tend to change their opinion if necessary. But don't expect this from American liberals. Truth just makes them angry. I will add that it's true also about Arabs and Muslims: get angry facing facts and reason, and will not learn to change their opinion. Absolutely amazing how those two groups have similar political opinions although by definition they should have opposing opinions. How did it happen? Only minority of people are left/liberals, and politics 101 tells you that to unite people behind you, you need to make them hate some kind of "enemy" based on lies and made-up stories... and viola(!), the enemy (guess who?) is shared between those two groups. Bill continues: &gt; Now it is crystal clear who the good guys are in this conflict and, as an American, i am proud to stand with Israel against the liars and murderers of the Middle East. as an American i am ashamed that our liberals tend to take the side of the liars and the murderers of the Middle East." I totally agree here and I have nothing to add.
If it's unrealistic to have a democracy among the "Palestinians" so their leader is representing them, then it's stupid to sign "peace" with their leader, whoever he is, Gaza or PA, unelected in 16 years. What's next? Should Israel sign "peace" with Assad in Syria and give the Golan heights for such a peace because Assad represents the Syrian people? Are you serious about what you wrote?
LOL!!!! It's so amusing for me when people can't address points I make, but talk about my LOL!!!!!
LOL!!!! Let's lough together about the "Palestinians" and how they handle things. It's a healthy thing to do.
Yes, I am setting the bar high. But absolutely not "too high". **I have no doubt, absolutely no doubt, that "Palestinians", for their own sake, can get to a higher level of functioning, like the western world, where true freedom, basic human rights, tolerance and democracy is engraved into their society.** It's racist to think otherwise! And when the "Palestinians" change, then they are ready to rule themselves in their own country and Israel will be glad be their neighbor, in peace. No reason to rush to do "peace" before that. It's terrible for Israel and even worst for the "Palestinians".
Your point is.... Don't make me laugh to see you have nothing to say to my points. If I laugh, I go LOL again!!!!
I really really don't care about "Palestinians" and my main and foremost goal is the safety of Israel and its growth. The "Palestinians" need to deal with their own problems and the source of those problems on their own. I am sure one day, about 50 years from now, they will. Until then, it's their problems and Israel does not need to take care of or "help" them with those problems. **If the world stopped "helping" the "Palestinians", I have no doubt that the "Palestinians" will start dealing with their problems. No doubt!** Just if the "Palestinians" stop their terrorist attacks, in a very short period of time, their level of "suffering" will go dramatically down. Totally up to them.
LOL!!!!!! Tell me more about Bibi... I need more good laughs from and for you...
You see! When you faced with undeniable truth, you need to give in. But in Abbas case, he knew very very very well this is not true, before he said it. So why did he say it anyway? Why does he say many many other things that he know are clearly not true? Because the WHOLE "Palestinian" narrative and cause is based on lies to manipulate local Arabs for some dubious political gains by other Arabs and Jew haters. Lies such: - there was and there is a "Palestinian" nation. - this is an Arab land - Jerusalem is holly or connected to Islam - Israel occupies Arab lands - Israel is trying to hurt "Palestinians" - Israel does not want local Arabs to have their own country - etc... **Lastly, Abbas was very dishonest even about this retraction - [read it here](http://www.israellycool.com/2016/06/25/abbas-dishonest-retraction-of-poison-water-blood-libel/)**
I hear things, check them, learn them, evaluate them, think about them and then determine if they are "news". Do you do the same? When you read or heard that Bibi is "Blood Libeler and holocaust revisionist extraordinaire", did you check if it's based on anything real, does it make sense, is it true, what did Bibi say that is that "blood libel", etc?
Truth is not an insult! You try to say something western to Arabs/Muslim (e.g. women are equal) and we'll see if they "get angry facing facts and reason, and will not learn to change their opinion" or not. Try it for me. And I will say the truth again: Most Muslims/Arabs (60% at least) are true enemies of all western values, Jews, Israel, gays, etc. Don't get insulted for me saying that.
Truth is truth. Opinion is opinion. Insult is an insult. Truth can be verified. Opinion cannot be verified. Insult is only when un-true things are told about you. So Arabs/Muslims being mostly anti western values is true and trying to discuss truth with them makes them just angry instead of making them educate themselves. They are the only ones to do suicide bombing, kill their daughters over "family honor", etc. I can't say the same thing about Jews, Christians, Hindus, etc. It's simply not true about them. Do you agree or disagree here? Yes or no? So, it's not an opinion of mine. It's not bigotry. There are bad people and bad religious leadership. If you can say that Muslims have the same general attitudes as Jews, Christians, Hindus, etc, then you are entitled to say this is just my opinion and not truth. We can debate this. I hope you don't get insulted by what I just said. If you do, you are simply avoiding truth or debating opinions. Lastly, I am glad that you are sad about negative opinions about Muslims. Now, do something brave and fight the reasons for those negative opinions. There are true reasons why Muslims are viewed so badly all over the world.
&gt; Muslims have owned it for nearly 1400 years. I love your arguments, with the word "own it". Nothing to show that Jerusalem is connected to Islam. Just that it is "owned" by Islam. Well, Israel owns Jerusalem now, the city ancient Israel founded and owned 2000 years ago. And based on what you say, whoever owns it, it belongs to him. Done deal!!!! And I will not reply to your other points, because they are as silly as the first one.
Good! The fact are: 1. Nobody would say that if there were no settlements at all, there would be peace between the local Arabs and Israel. So, settlements have nothing to do with why Arabs do not want peace with Israel. 2. Settlements and their expansion are the only reason why the local Arabs were willing to talk to Israel about "peace". The fear of more settlement, I don't blame them, is showing the local Arabs that if they do not compromise and be willing to live in peace next to Israel, they will lose more and more. 3. Israel has clear record of dismantling settlements, even by using force against its own people, for "peace" (e.g. peace with Egypt) or even "no peace" (in Gaza). **I support settlement and I will support their dismantle easily for true peace.** 4. Almost all countries expanded using settlements. Plenty of examples with Arab and Muslim countries. In the case of Israel, this is done on what should be Jewish land to begin with. So it's not even settlements. It's resettlements. So, I have no issues with Israeli settlements. 5. When Arabs learns to live in peace next to Jews and with Jews, then there will be peace. Just like Israel have no issues with Israeli Arabs living inside Israel in their own towns, or in towns mixed with Jews.
&gt; This is a lie [that Jerusalem is connected to Islam], and I have linked you to resources stating that it is. C'mon, it's reddit. You can summarize it for me and all of us, about how Jerusalem is connected to Islam... despite not being mentioned even once in the Q'ran. Don't make me google it... &gt;The vast majority of Israelis likely disagree with your hawkish aims [to rebuild the 3rd temple]. You are 100% right and even I do not want to do it it now. It's all about timing. I thing within 30-50 years from now would be probably a good time to do that. P/S: I am an atheist Jew. My wish that the 3rd temple will be built is not based on religious belief. I want the 3rd temple to be built so Islam/Muslims will stop their current war against Jews because they believe Jerusalem has anything to do with Islam. When they realize that, this land will be much much more peaceful.
1: How many times Jerusalem is mentioned in the Jewish Bible and how many times in the Qur’an? In the Old Testament Jerusalem is mentioned 457 times. In the Qur’an Jerusalem doesn’t exist at all. 2: Why the Jerusalem story was invented by the Damascus -based Umayyad Caliphs ? Damascus rulers were so immoral that the Muslim leaders from Mecca forbidden the access of people under their rule to the Mecca. They invented the story about the Muhammad dream and Jerusalem (that doesn’t exist in Quran) as a pilgrim replacement place to Mecca. After the access to Mecca was possible, once again Jerusalem didn’t pay any role for Umayyas ruled Arabs. 3: To which direction of Muslims and Jews are praying worldwide? The Muslims face Mecca. The Jews face Jerusalem. 4: Do the Muslims and Jews pray for Jerusalem? Muslims ceremonies don’t include Jerusalem. The Jews, for the last 2700 years pray, celebrate in ceremonies such weddings and bar mitzvah-””next year in Jerusalem””. No other capital worldwide has a parallel tradition. 5: How Jerusalem is covered by Islamic and Jewish literature? “Unfortunately, there is no Islamic literature on the subject”” Dr. Ismail Raji al-Faruqi referred to the absence of Jerusalem: Jerusalem, for the last 2700 years is covered in thousands of Jewish books, poems and songs” 6: Was Jerusalem ever being a capital of a Muslim country? 1,300 years of Muslim Arab rule, Jerusalem was never the capital of an Arab entity. 7: Did the Palestinians required Egypt and Jordan to form a Palestinian state in the West bank and Gaza with Jerusalem as the capital while the areas where conquered by them after the 1947 attack on the nesting Israel? No- they didn’t required! Palestine Liberation Organization’s start the demand to control Jerusalem Israel regained control of East Jerusalem in 1967. 8: How Jerusalem was described by visiting Western writers? Jerusalem had been so neglected by Islamic rulers that writers who visited Jerusalem were moved to write about it. French writer Gustav Flaubertfound “ruins everywhere” during his visit in 1850. Mark Twain wrote in 1857 that Jerusalem had “become a pauper village.” 9: Population of Jerusalem until 1945 Year —- %Jews 1714 —- 70::: 1844— 45.9::: 1896 —- 61.9::: 1931—- 56.6::: 1945 —- 60.4::: 10: How Christians, Jews, Muslims of Jerusalem were treated under Jordanian government? 1948-1967, Jordan sought to alter the demographics and landscape of the city to enhance its Muslim character. All Jewish residents were expelled. Access of Jews to the holy welling wall was forbidden. Jewish holy sites were damaged. 58 synagogues were desecrated or demolished in the Old City. Jerusalem Mount olive cemetery used by Jews continuously for the last 3000 years was badly damaged. The Jordanians uprooted and damaged 38,000 tombstones some from the First Temple Period and four roads were paved through the cemeteries Jordan’s restrictive laws on Christian institutions led to a dramatic decline in the holy city’s Christian population–31,330 in 1945 to 11,000 1967 (Under Israel government to Christian population grow from 11.000 in 1968 to 15.000 in 2013) 11:Conclusion: Arab Jerusalem story was born in sin, without any cultural connection to Arab culture, never was a capital of a Muslim state, totally negated and during the history it is used only as a temporary political tool
Sorry, dear Muslim: you can't say "yes" that Islam and Muslims are compatible with western values. I knew it before I asked! And [this picture](https://i.redd.it/e3jgbt4uki5x.png) proves it. **Learn from the Jews: the bible asks for death penalty and "eye for an eye". Since 10B.C., Jews totally stopped it. Do you get it? The bible says one thing, and Jews do something else. You won't find a single Jew or a Rabbi who wants death penalty or "eye for an eye".** Do you get it? Do you understand what happened with Judaism and Christianity too? So, now, be brave and fight the dark side of Islam to make it great! Be brave to publicly oppose and condemn those who support the terrible things done in the name of Islam!
Dr. Kedar talks facts. He knows about Islam more than almost all Islamic leaders. Again: Jerusalem is not mentioned in the Q'ran, Muhammad never been to Jerusalem, nothing Islamic happened in Jerusalem during and after Muhammad times. Correct or incorrect?
&gt;&gt; Jerusalem is not mentioned in the Q'ran &gt; Traditional tafsirs would disagree with you. You see how you confirm what I say? I asked about the Q'ran, yes or no, and you talk about "traditions". **So the answer is no: Jerusalem is not in Q'ran. It's not debatable.** And then, you say "incorrect". I feel sorry for you, trapped Muslim. Your descendents will be enlightened one day. I am sure about that.
Just say it... don't ask me to find in "resources"... &gt; Netanyahu has said the same thing about ethnically cleansing the remaining Palestinians. He never said it. But, since you like to check resources, go ahead: find the resource quoting Netanyahu wanting to ethnically cleanse the "Palestinians". Please.
You probably would agree with me: all Islamic scholars agree with each other... or they will be killed. Dr. Kedar, a true academic and researcher, is more reliable than any Muslim scholar.
No, it's not a ridiculous question. I can easily and quickly and truthfully say that Jews and Christians are totally compatible with Western values. The story on your side is that you are trying to drag me into particulars and endless details to avoid a general question. I will not fall this waste-of-time type of fruitless "debate". A general question that even you cannot say "Yes, Muslims/Islam is compatible with western values".
Dear Muslim, your religion never had a Martin Luther or Protestants or Reform Judaism or secular Judaism/Christianity. Right now, Muslims are killing many many Muslims because of "differences". Jews and Christians don't (for a very very long time). So don't tell me that there are subtle "differences" and "disagreements" among Muslim religious leaders. Back to the topic of Jerusalem: the odesity to build an ugly Muslim building on top of the holiest site for Jews even though nothing Islamic happened in that site is a tell tell about the attitudes of Islam. Replacing that golden building with a Jewish temple will force Islam to learn to live in peace with other religions. Jerusalem has nothing to do with Islam based on western research, by Jews and non-Jews.
LOL!!!! You still did not get the joke!
LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!! Nobody even trying to claim that Israel bomb the Arabs without them bombing Israel first. Make the Arabs stop their terrorist attacks and I give you a trillion percent guarantee that there will be no military actions by Israel against them. **I told you that before, below. You repeating this nonsense again and again will not make it a true statement!**
Huh? Of course peace negotiation are mostly about land swaps. The problem it that no only that the "Palestinians" never agreed to any borders or land-swaps, they don't even agree to negotiate. **Show a me a border or land-swap the "Palestinians" agree to!**
Darling, do you have an example of **a moral army (more than the IDF) defending its own country from attacks?** Let's take the British for example: when Germany attacked London, the UK bombed the German city of Drezden and killed more people than than the 2 atomic bombs that fell on Japan. By the way, I totally support the British: defend your country against the army at all costs. Not a single additional British child should die in order to be "moral" against the German enemy.
LOL!!!! Few kids say some offensive stuff after missionaries come around to try to convert Jews. Judaism does not seek converts, so Christians missionaries are not so welcome, **AND MOST DEFINITELY NOT WELCOME IN THE MUSLIM worlds!** Anyway, what do you think about all those TV shows by Hamas teaching young children to kill Jews and be proud suicide bombers? Guess what those kids will say to Jews who are NOT missionaries.
You know that Israel harvest organs from dead "Palestinians". But to keep their bodies intact, we just poison their wells.
Why is Tel Aviv not a civilian area? Are you saying there are no civilian areas in Israel?
That does not happen! (" thousands of Jews walk through closed off areas for Arab Israelis shouting "Death to Arabs" and other anti Muslim slogans all while targeting Arabs they do come across with violence"). Again, you take isolated rare examples and portray a terrible image about Israel, **while there are thousands of examples on the "Palestinian" side, that still make you love them.** Can I/Should I/Would you like if people say that all Muslims are gay killers because of the incident in Orlando?
I disagree. If it's not an army base and if there are no weapons (Missile launchers, tanks, etc) in the town, then it's 100% civilian area. With this definition, based on Hamas method to place army and weapons next to houses, Gaza is not a civilian area. Also, the civilians of Gaza support attacks on civilian areas in Israel.
Oh, no!!!! **Few Israelis** say mean things about "Palestinians". But even worst: the "Palestinians" are so soft that they cannot handle such harsh words (although they can say much worst about Jews). For me, spending time about these minor incidents is just a way to divert attention from the big items: the "Palestinians" train their kids and their adults to hate Jews, try to kill Jews and destroy Israel. And this is **most of the "Palestinians" (60%+ in my opinion).**
I just said it is a **NECESSARY** civilian causalities to save the lives of my fellow Israeli civilian citizens. **FOR REAL NOW:** During WWII, the Germans decided to bomb London and the British stopped this by bombing the German city of Drezden, killing more Germans than the 2 atomic bombs on Japan. **Do you think the British were not justified?** What would you do if you were Winston Churchill? P/S: Keep in mind that today, the British and Germans are good friends. Why? My answer: the Germans know that they deserved it. One day, many many years from now, the "Palestinians" will also understand that they deserved it.
You really really try very hard to not understand. I clearly say that if it happens, it's isolated **RARE** occurrences. &gt; it happens every Jerusalem day That's once a year! Does everyone in the Jerusalem day do that? For real, what percentage of the Israeli Jewish population will march yelling "death to Arabs!"? 90%? 50%? 5%? I claim 0.05% (some extreme right crazies that can't even get their party elected to the Knesset). &gt; Can you show me these thousands of Palestinian parades chanting "Death to Jews"? For real again: do you really believe "Palestinians" never paraded in the streets shouting "Death to Jews"? Or that this is a rare occurrence among them? Here's a recent amusing one [from last month](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPDWbEbDwAQ): they shout "Death to Jews", in a mosque and the roof fall on them. Probably the Jews fault. Nothing to do with Allah.
avoiding the truth and admitting you were wrong, are you? Feel good by claiming "he moved the..." P/S: The Switzerland army is most moral army in the world... not a single record, in the last 880 years to say otherwise. IDF pale in comparison. P/S2: I forgot, the Swiss Army prevented escaping Jews to enter Switzerland... but that does not count...
Most of them are the young and new generation... so the Arab pride and happiness for being Israeli will guarantee to reach the 98% level very quickly. (There are always few haters, even among Arabs).
No!!! The apartheid label is applied to Israel and Israelis, supposedly against non-Jews. The fact of the matter is that Israel has no present in Gaza and 97% of Arabs in the WB are under the PA control. So, even if Israel wanted apartheid against the Arabs, it couldn't: not inside Israel (clear laws that prohibit that), not in Gaza and not in the WB. **Do you think Israel is an apartheid state?**
The bombing of Dresden was a British/American collaboration, at the request of the British. The war crime was unprovoked attack and bombing of London by the Germans. The purpose of the Dresden bombing by the British was to stop the Germans **as fast as possible** so no more British people die. It worked! Soon after Dresden was destroyed, the Germans learned a lesson and left the UK alone. This how you stop a war and killings! It was not a war crime! It's a crime to allow more of your citizens to die while you have perfect quick and sure way to stop that. Ask the Germans now: they are good friends with the British and they are not upset because they know they 100% deserved it. They are enlightened people. **STOP** with the stupid and invalid comparison to Israel and "Palestinians". If Israel just wanted to kill more Arabs, it could do that easily and on a massive scale. It has one of the best equipped army in the world. &gt; If I was Winston Churchill...I don't know. Likely target NOT civilians. LOL!!!! LOL!!!! LOL!!! You say that you don't know, but if you ever find a way to stop killing of your civilian citizens while not hurting "civilians" from of enemy then Israel, for sure(!!!!), will use your proven method. Until then, it's immoral and a crime to allow even one of your fellow citizen to die knowing that killing and destroying of your enemy will prevent that.
As for the "Palestinians": their PA attacks Israel, in the past and now, supporting and encouraging terror attacks against Israel. **TODAY**, a 13 years old girl was killed by WB Arab. Waiting for Abbas to comfort the family of the terrorist and arrange a funeral because obviously they are the real victims here.... The PA never agreed to anything for peace with Israel. Let me know please about the borders they agreed to have with Israel. Finally, the PA does not represent the local Arabs! The head of the PA is not elected, and all the Arabs in Gaza are controlled by Hamas. So I have no idea who the PA and its head represent and definitely should not sign an agreement with them. What's next? Sign an agreement with Assad because he represent Syria?
Well said: "Palestine itself is indefensible."
They did not recognize! It was a letter of intent by an unelected person, dead now, over unsigned aacord. **Don't just argue: ask the pa now, or since then, to say they recognize Israel uncinditionally!** please, please, please do that. Good luck! Don't forget to ask Hamas too! P/s: don't fall for this pretend politics of "Arabs are ready/want peace". Be smarter than Kerry.
Speaking of logic, and also knowing facts and history, which I have and you lack, please address my original post: &gt; LOL!!!!! That the PA represent the local Arabs and also Hamas. &gt; **What's next? Assad represents Syria and Israel should sign a peace treaty with him to return the Golan heights?** &gt; You, Kerry and other Israel haters don't get it! Trump and Putin get it: the Arabs are not ready for peace. &gt; Let's talk about it again in 50-100 years when they may be ready for peace. &gt; At that point, Arabs would prefer to be part of Israel, because they are sane people and all (!!!!) Arab and Muslim countries in the world will still be un-democratic, ran by crazy religious tyrants, with zero human rights, tolerance and no freedom at all.
Ok. Let's see Brian and his parents say public comments against Iran. After all, they are American patriots. Anything in this department from Brian? Let's stay on topic: Kerry is connected to Iran, via his daughter's marriage too, have no issues to sign deals with Iran despite them capturing American soldiers for no reason, threatening "death to America" daily, and paying ransoms to Iran. Kerry is a useful idiot, puppet of the Iranians, Israel hater, antisemitic, total failure, zero accomplishments, as bad as Barak Husein Obama.
Just to show everyone that Israel, settlements, "occupation", Jerusalem is not an obstacle to peace at all. The only obstacle to peace in this area, since the late 1800s, is Arabs themselves and their hate for anything not Arab.
Not true. Democracy never existed in the Arab/Muslim world. Oil could have bring them to the modern age, but Islam, and not the USA, made sure it won't.
LOL!!!!!! I would like to see you move to democratic Turkey to have your freedom, liberty, and express any opposition to you great leader, Edrogan. Please try it!!!! Turkey was kind-of democracy until Edrogan became the dictator few years ago. From then on, downhill. **My estimate is that, in less than 5 years, it becomes a total dictatorship... and Ata Turk will have to start all over again.**
LOL!!!!! The great democracy of Malaysia, with freedom and liberty for all... comes complete with monarchy and #68 in democracy scale, after Hong Kong... see it [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index).
Can we discuss today's Islam and not what happened briefly 1400 years ago? Thanks.
Bosnia and Herzegovina are secular, and a MINORITY (40%) of Muslim, in the middle of Europe. Try harder!!!!
Islam was a success during Ottoman era? First, the Ottomans were very secular. And the last thing you can say about them is that they were a success in anything. As for medieval times, that's no applicable for today's Islam. Actually, it's not applicable for the last 800 if not more years. Try harder.
&gt;&gt; Since you claim you are bisexual, are you, more or less equally attracted to men and women? &gt; Hard to answer. It's probably slightly leaning towards women sexually but not by a huge amount. &gt;&gt; In the last 2 years, how many men versus women did you sleep with? &gt; 0 vs 0... Am I 'bi enough' for you? Since you seem to know who I'd date better than me. LOL!!!!! Are you serious? You must be kidding!!!! Are you for real? How old are you? You have ZERO(!!!!) experience with men or women, but you THINK you know that you are a bisexual. LOL!!!!!! Hey, I am the greatest opera singer in the world. No, I never sang in public before and never tried Opera, but deep in mind, I am the greatest Opera singer. Do you now understand how ridiculous what you just said? Don't ever(!) say this to anyone again. Not trying to offend you. This is a very good and friendly advise to you. Really! After you sleep with the first man AND the first woman, lets talk again? Ok? Good theoretical and amusing discussion with you so far. Good luck with both men and women. Let's hope you are right and you are a true bisexual.
Ottoman was very secular... And xenophobic. Read history books.
They were secular and did not fight a religious war. Islam was brought to Europe mostly thru immigrants. No consistant and organized mass or forced conversions. Read history books. Anyway, back to original topic, secular or not, Islam was nothing to be proud of.
Probably referring to trans-nazis, like feminist-nazis, who come with crazy extreme ideas : urinals in women bathrooms, trans competing in sports, 31 genders, no use of he/she, etc. I always thanked the feminist-nazis and now the trans-nazis for making sure most women and trans stay sane moderate in the center.
For me, the most interesting thing is that 65% of the local Arabs in Judaea and Samaria say the pa does not represent them (Abbas). Israel should do peace with the pa as it represents all the local Arabs...... Lol!!!!!!!!!!!!
And look at the tiny bright spot of Israel, surrounded by all the greatest evil of Islam. Let's boycot Israel! ... Because we need to appease Muslim.... and we don't know why... /s
What's wrong with you?!?! You surround yourself with SJWs, including a romantic boyfriend, and then you wonder why you are stressed? Leave him! And do what is right, including being with the right people. Or else, stop crying and wasting our time over things you can easily control.
So true! The main satisfaction for people is to have power. To have power, you need people united behind you. To unite people behind you, you invent a religion, or, **much more easy** is to exploit an existing religion to your needs (Islam, communism, national socialism, the left). The simple way to do that is to invent an enemy for the religion that all should unite against. To invent a non existing enemy is easy: lie and repeat the lies. To keep the lie, suppress any opposition. Most people fall for this over and over, even the most caltural and advance people (Germans before wwii, Russians during the Tzar, "educated" lefties in the west today).
&gt; Unusually high compared to what? Has any conflict in the Middle East been even close to the violence experienced in Europe and east Asia in the first half of the 20th century or in the rest of Asia or Africa in the second half? Yes, Iran vs Iraq: millions died. **The only reason "only" 100,000s dead victims, here and there, over the last few decades (Syria, Yemen vs Saudi, Sudan, Iraq vs Kuwait, Egypt versus Libya, etc), among all the many wars between Arabs, almost all of the them hate each other, is because Arabs have weak disorganized armies... and the west will keep it that way... for Arabs' sake.** In 1967, in 6 days, Israel managed to fight and gain against 4 Arab armies. Same in 1948, 5 armies. We are so lucky that Arabs are only good in terror attacks and not in having an organized army an operations to kill others.
Report her!!!! Sue for "emotional distress"... WHICH IS EXACTLY YOUR SITUATION, and win a nice amount of money. First, record and make sure you have evidence! **Start fighting for you life instead of crying, getting abused and complaining**.
Again I will say it: I am **VERY GLAD** that the UN passed this resolution, other many other resolutions, and Hussein Obama did what he did to promote this. Thank you Hussein!!!! I hope for more resolutions like this will come from the UN!!! **The UN is again doing a great job of making it ignored and being irrelevant as circus of political gamers**. God-forbid if the UN was an organization based on a majority REAL democratic countries (only) and a moderate sensible logical seeking truth and justice organization. Then Israel, and most of the world, would be in real trouble. I hope Trump will follow with his promise to defund the UN, and, I hope, knock it down to build new Trump luxury condos in NYC.
None! ALL(!) true democracies should be voting, equally, and Veto power should be given to the head of the UN, chosen by all the those democracies. In any case, all countries in the world are sovereign countries and the UN will not dictate to them how to run their business. At best, the UN does toothless resolutions, democratically or not. God-Forbid an external nation or organization has powers over another nation.
Disagree! Not correct! Historically, gays were ALWAYS oppressed and stayed in the closet. Vast majority of gays are also the opposite of wild, aggressive or assertive. They are actually on the softer side, and not interested in power struggles. The correct analysis is that gays, EXACTLY LIKE THE GENERAL POPULATION, are made of 40% idiots who do not have independent thinking. So 40% of gays, like about 30% of straights are controlled by lefty liberal agenda. It's just a bit higher among gays than straights because we are "victims" and "minority" and "we need rights that other [supposedly] have", etc, etc...
It's site-wide suspension, by reddit.
"Male college students to undergo ‘critical self-reflection’ of masculinity." Great!!! Just gave me a great idea now! Going to the nearby liberal college/university, select a cute SJW/Liberal man, ask him to sleep with me: any objection and I start a scene/drama of "You are a homophobe! We need to liberate our society from bigots like you!", etc, etc... P/S: just a wet dream. I am married to my husband, 13 years together. I can make the scene, but when the guy says "Ok, Ok, I will try", I will then say "No thanks. Don't sleep with gay haters!"
I can just imagine what will happen if we try to force female students to undergo "critical self-reflection of masculinity/femininity" by asking them to use guns and shoot at targets...
&gt; self examination is part of self awareness. I suggest everyone should examine their lives. Like some philosopher said "a life not examined is not worth living". LOL!!!! What a bunch of crap! People who need to do "self examination", regular sessions with psychologists, shrinks, support groups, pills, etc, are people with emotional/psychological problems. Yes, I acknowledge: some people have issues and problems they need help. I totally understand this and recommend they seek such help and examination. Most people, like me, know their way, are sure of themselves, can make decisions quickly and correctly, move on, don't get stressed, etc. My life is worth living even though I never "examined" my life. Tell that to your brilliant philosopher. Anyway, this is NOT the case here! Here is a case brainwashing young males to do "self reflection", over some theoretical idiotic idea of "*to counter the alleged harmful effects of society’s masculinity paradigms and pressures and empower participants to promote “gender equity.*" What a bunch of crap!!!! Back to women: I want to see the the reaction if someone suggests female students to undergo "critical self-reflection of masculinity/femininity" by asking them to use guns and shoot at targets... Of course women can do that! There are many women in combative roles in the army. This is not the point. The point is that it's Ok to suggest that males examine their masculinity because it's "harmful effects of society’s masculinity paradigms", but it's an outrage to suggest women examine their femininity and be more masculine, rough and aggressive, say because "harmful effects of society’s feminine paradigms of vulnerability, weakness, softness and victimhood"
I understand very very well the article and the idiotic idea presented very clearly in it. I quote: "to counter the alleged **harmful** effects of society’s masculinity paradigms and pressures and empower participants to promote gender equity." What a bunch of crap and hateful attitude towards males!!!! Clearly they state that being masculine is "harmful", and they want to shape males to be "gender equal" (to women). This is just one quote of more crap coming from the brilliant people behind the idea. There's nothing wrong with being masculine, rough, asure of yourself, strong, brave, able to defend yourself and not stress over every little issue or obstacle you encounter! There's plenty of wrong with being soft, sensitive, indecisive, etc, things that many women suffer from. Good luck and be brave to suggest to work on this women issue. Yes, it has nothing to do with gays. You are 100% correct. I brought it here to show how the "gender experts" are trying to destroy the lives of males and females, gay or not, based on a simple thing: hate for anything that represents the typical male.
&gt; Gays have higher IQ, more testosterone, and no ties to prevent them from speaking and acting their minds (children). This makes them exactly the type of group to fight against tyranny. Where on earth did you come up with these "facts"? Gays are smarter? So they are superior? More testosterone? Show me one research that says that! As much as I know, straights and gays have same levels of testosterone. IT DOES NOT MATTER ANYWAY! Because, for sure, gay men are softer, less athletic and less aggressive than straights. Am I right? Gays, even in today's liberal USA, because of societal pressures, are mostly closeted, or quiet and keep to themselves. Your confusion is from a minority of gays who feel they are oppressed, victims, no rights, obsessive need to provoke and exhibit their different sexuality + SJW ideas, so they become very very vocal, dramatic, demanding and noisy. Totally do not represent most gays. Exactly as with typical feminists: totally not representative of vast majority of women and hated by most women.
&gt;&gt; I quote: "to counter the alleged **harmful** effects of society’s masculinity paradigms and pressures and empower participants to promote gender equity." &gt; ~~Incorrect. It said that you should think if there are harmful effects from it. Your conclusion is absurd. ~~ I'm wrong, they acknowledged that traditional masculinity has harmful affect. You had the correct understanding. Incorrect! They clearly say "harmful effects" about "society’s masculinity paradigms". And it's not even something to argue about, because it's clearly stated: "**pressures** (and "empower") participants to promote gender equity." So it's just about pushing (using "pressure") the idea of gender equity. And let's be clear: "gender equity" is not about making everyone masculine like males. It's about making everyone soft and effeminate as women are. Shortly: they push an agenda to fight males and masculinity with the scientifically impossible task of making 2 genders to be the exact same.
Why are you changing the subject? Who talked about having children? Again, you are making a generalization about gays, that besides being smarter, braver and more masculine, they also do not have children. Totally not true! You are clearly suffering from Superiority complex and, and, on top of that, a paranoia about tyranny and oppression by the government. First, in the USA and the western world, gays almost exact freedom and rights that straights have. On the other hand, your "smarter, braver and more masculine" gays in the tyranny and oppression of Muslim and African countries (for example) are actually not showing how brave, masculine and smart they are to fight for tyranny. **Am I right or wrong?** Go ahead, and show me how smart, brave and masculine gays in the western world go fight the tyranny and oppression in the Muslim and African world. **Gays are not smarter, braver or more masculine!!!** As a Jew, and Jews are smarter, richer and more powerful than anyone else, I know what what I am talking about. (Do or did you get why I making these references about Jews?). **Lastly, FYI, I am a gay person, married to a man, together 13 years, and I am a father of 3 children, 1 via surrogacy (we raise him), and 2 where I was the sperm donor**. Plenty of gays (and definitely much more lesbians) are parents.
Whether free market is the solution or not, it's a very hard task for a politician to implement and work over many years to put a free market. So what I am saying is that it's much easier for politician to blame, for example, "Corporate greed" and "Globalists" for the issue, do nothing even about them, and win points with common people that they are fighting the "enemy" that caused the problem. Do you understand what I am trying to say here?
Exactly! The make shit up about "enemies" that they fight and everyone needs to unite against those "enemies" and behind the politician who fight those "enemies".
LOL!!!!! The crazy idea of Gay Superiority came from you and it's totally baseless. Only Jews are superior to all other humans!!! I am a Jew and so I am superior! Much more superior than you! Did you hear about the few gay people who in 1969 fought police brutality in the Stonewall gay bar in NYC? Here's their [picture](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/4/42/Stonewall_riots.jpg). If you see interviews with them, they were not smart, masculine or extra testosterone. They were skinny queens who lost their patience. As for oppression by the government and tyranny in the USA, it's very minor. More real and much greater issues are political corruption (Hillary and the democratic party), terrible economic planning, Iran nuclear deal, jobs leaving to China, illegal immigrants, poverty, poor education, losing the edge in science and innovation to other countries, crap coming from liberal media, economic inequality, race relations, BLM, SJWs, etc. Do you know teenagers? If so, you know very well how most of them behave and think: overconfidence that they know better and know everything (i.e. superiority), so they fight the wrong battles in the wrong way (too many hormones, testosterone too and "bravery"). **How old are you?** Are you a teenager, or behave like a teenager? I am 54. &gt; You could adopt too, it doesn't change the fact that gay men alone cannot reproduce. This is an example of stupid thing to say (due to stupidity and choosing the wrong battle?) Even straight men cannot reproduce alone, neither women alone. Adopting is not reproducing and very very few children end up in adoption. What does being a parent and having children has to do with the subject of superior gay men who fight tyranny? You introduced this topic about some connection between gays not being parents and their superiority to fight tyranny. Learn! Plenty of gay men and lesbians reproduce and have children. Check the stats. So we are busy raising a family, made smart choices, including choosing our battles and managing those battles than those "smart" and masculine gays who fight tyranny for us.
LOL!!!! First, there's no debate that both genders should have equal access and rights. Therefore, all laws and regulation are based on that equal access and rights. Hardly can you find anyone in the USA that does not believe so. **Do you know of any worthy person or group that is against? Do you know of any law that breaks the equal access or right?** **I also asked you for examples where genders officially do not have equal access of rights! Please give examples. Thanks!** This concept of equal rights and access, for all genders, and ALSO for all races, ALSO all religions, ALSO all minorities, etc is called Civil Rights. There's no need to invent a new term "gender equity". It's very very clear in this article that for those "gender equity" people, it's about fighting "harmful" male masculinity. This course is for males only! Don't forget that!!!!!! So, if they were really about equal access and rights between men and women, this course would have been open for both genders. Additionally, since they also say "**pressures** and empower participants to promote gender equity", this course should have been offered mostly to females based on the claim they do not have equal access or rights. **Am I right or wrong here?** Then, they can even blame "harmful male masculinity" for the terrible situation and PRESSURE and EMPOWER women to fight for equal rights and access. **I was not born yesterday!!!! I am very very smart and very experienced in these matters and those people. This has nothing to do with equal rights or access for women and men! It's VERY CLEARLY a bunch men-haters with crazy ideas who try to brainwash unsuspecting males about issues that do not exist to effeminate them.** Nothing less than that. So, again, please(!!!), do you know of any worthy person or group that is against? Do you know of any law breaks the equal access or right? Any examples where genders officially do not have equal access of rights? Thanks.
I am an MBA and I got my MBA in the 90s, not because I thought, even then, that I would learn anything useful. I wanted an MBA because it's a required piece of paper to get certain jobs. **In the end of the day, it does not matter if you have an MBA or not, if you got it from Harvard or a local community college, or if you had good grades or not! What matters is your personality and talents... which you are born with!** The diploma, a good university or good grades are just to get the first job. After that, nothing matters but who you are. P/S: In my personal case, I was working and studying at the same time. Because Diploma, even from Harvard, with zero experience is less desirable than someone with a lesser diploma, lesser school but WITH experience. Trust me on that and save a lot of money and time.
It is worst than that and goes further than that. Days after Omar Mateen did his terrorist act, somehow his wife managed to disappear. Huge failure of the FBI over the very very simple task of investigating and holding all people connected to Omar Mateen. Anyway, watching these videos shows EXACTLY how the FBI doing its work... or not, actually, NOT doing its work: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwVs2nHsflE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwVs2nHsflE) [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgRFKk8uMWA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgRFKk8uMWA) [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8EjEQbCyp8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8EjEQbCyp8)
Yes, despite ZERO chances that Trump will do that, neither did Barak Husein, I would get upset... And ignore it. Israel should ignore outside politicians' opinions and only do what's best for Israel... Like Russia, China, and even the USA. Israel is a sovreign country and its business is only its business. P/s the "Palestinians" ignore much more of world opinions. Nobody in the western world and the USA support their actions and political moves.
No, Barak Hussein will not do that, and it won't be "fair", or right, because Jerusalem was is and will be the capital of Israel. Jerusalem was never a capital of any Arab country. The only reason the Local Arabs want Jerusalem is because they ALWAYS want to do what anything possible against Jews.
You have Schizophrenia?
&gt; There's no point arguing with you when it's clear what is your position. Yes, my position is very clear... and the "no point to argue back" is just because you don't have counterpoints. When you state your clear positions, do you want me to also "see no point in arguing"? Yes, or no?
No! Try your counterpoints, and I promise to debate them with you. Go ahead!
Who? California? And after the sex change, they moved them to the opposite sex prison? The world, and especially California is insane.
LOL!!!!! First, the "top Israeli" diplomat is Shai Masot, a temporary employee in the Israeli embassy. Secondly, this is Al Jazeera, the truth seeking news agency from Qatar that is totally not unbiased against Israel. Third, they followed the guy around for 6 months looking for one comment to trip him up all they could come up with is a 1 minute video of 10 seconds of joking about ''taking down'' the MP and 50 seconds of talking about how Boris Johnson is an idiot. Fourth, what an outrage and a clear plot to "take down" a British MP by an Israeli. I am sure the British never ever said bad things about Israeli politicians and never ever to work against Israel.
... still waiting for your counterpoints! How long will it take to get any of your "many" counterpoints?
I don't care about Arabs in Morocco or Jordan, etc. I want to compare Israeli Arabs (the luckiest Arabs in the whole world) to non-Israeli Arab "Palestinians". There's a huge difference between those two groups. Any ideas why? P/S: let's not compare Arabs/Muslims in the western world (Europe, USA, etc) to Israeli Arabs. Big difference here too.
Two things: 1. Churchill said "The fascists of tomorrow will say they are anti-Fascists". 2. I can't wait for about a year or two from now, when all those predictions by liberals of concentration camps, reversing civil rights, racism, etc will, simply, not happen. Seeing that their prophecy never happened, will they all commit suicide? (and the Republicans win 90% of the votes in 2020)?
Darling, the days of Obama and his policy are over! The Republicans are in control and they will do the right things: total support for Israel, move the USA embassy to Jerusalem, no forced "peace" talks with un-willing "Palestinians", tough stand against Muslims, etc. As for Obamacare, 100% for sure, it will be repealed as it's a terrible UN(!)effordable Healthcare Act that nobody wants except the chronically ill. It will be REPLACED (!) by a much better plan from the Republicans. Details to come...
In 1948, the UN divided this land to create a Jewish state called Israel and an Arab state. The Jews agreed to that! [Here's the map.](http://www.christians-standing-with-israel.org/un-partition-plan-1947-palestine.png) Soon after the UN resolution, 5 neighboring Arab countries started a war to destroy Israel, but all they managed to do is occupied the land intended for the local Arabs. That was the end of any hope for the local Arabs to have their own country. ... until in 1967, Israel LIBERATED that land occupied by Jordan and Egypt. If the 1967 never happened, you would not hear today about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them. Remember that!!!! Already in 1969, Israel would have let the local Arabs have their own country in that freed land, with one condition: be nice neighbors. They did not (!), because since 1966 they had a terrorist, Yasser Arafat, as their leader. Nothing happened since then for the local Arabs - zero accomplishments. There's not much of a conflict really. It's all dirty politics. Because, at least 99% of Israelis and Egyptians don't want Gaza to ever be part of their country and the Arabs can have a "Palestine" there whenever they want with one old condition: be nice neighbors to Egypt and Israel. As for Judea and Samaria (also called West Bank), when the Arabs are ready and willing to have peace, probably 50-100 years from now, we will find a solution. But due to their attitudes over the last 70 years and more, they won't get as much as the UN originally proposed.
The fact that you ask this questions and can't even imagine a possible answer is telling... Are you an Arab? I am asking because it seems Arabs also do not know the answer. Anyway, I will answer: look how Jews live as good neighbors for over a million Israeli-Arabs inside Israel. No killing, no incitements, equal rights, freedom of religion, working together, living together, even getting married to each other, etc, etc, etc.
Settlements were never the issue: before the late 1970s, there were no settlements... yet, there were plenty of terrors attacks by Arabs... and no attempt by Arabs to negotiate peace. Arab leadership, until today, does not want peace or any compromise.
If we started with "Or, ....", then here's mine: Or when liberals talks about redistributing wealth and privileged kids to rich parents, and I say "So why won't you put in your will that all your estate goes to charity and nothing to your kids?"
&gt; They are the Palestinian Territories ... because of the initial British partition [UN resolution], or because of [UN] resolution 242 or because of the [UN] resolution 2 weeks ago That's it! The "Palestinians" will get everything they want if they just get more UN resolutions. And indeed, the only thing they accomplished in the last 70 years is resolutions and NOTHING (!) else. Meanwhile, I can't begin to list Israel's accomplishments in the last 70 years. &gt; or because it was Jordanian and then King Hussein gave it to the Palestinians in 1988 Factually not true! Jordan occupied land given by a UN resolution to the local Arabs, for which Israel agreed. The land that was liberated by Israel in 1967, and that's the only reason we hear about "Palestinians" and a "Palestine" for them today. Finally, in 1988 Jordan just officially gave up on their hopes to be in control/occupy of that land... just like Egypt giving up on their hopes to control/occupy Gaza in 1977.
As a Jew and an Israeli, I want to clarify that: 1. Death penalty is required for many sins in the Bible. Jews forbade death penalty in the year 10AD, and even before that, the rule was that only one person can be put to death every 7 years. No death penalty in Israel. 2. "Eye for an eye": yes, it's written in the bible, but people take it out of context. First, the fact is that Jews never ever did "eye of an eye"! You will not find a single example of this in, at least, 2000 years. I will explain more about it below. 3. Judaism does not seek converts or conversion. Actually, it discourage people from converting to Judaism. Therefore, not a single rule or law against none-Jews. 3. Ancient Israel never tried to occupy or expand beyond its small area of Judea and Samaria (central Israel of today). 4. Israel is one of the most democratic countries in the world, total freedom and equality, with almost 30% of it's population is non-Jews. **So, the Bible is about how it you interpret it, instead of what seems to be written.** Back to "eye for an eye", as a great example: what's written in the bible is the following: "IF a pregnant woman passes by two men fighting with each other, and as a result of their fight, she, or her baby, or both get hurt, then her husband will so in court, and depending if she or her baby recovered or got permanently hurt or died, then Eye for and Eye, Tooth for a Tooth, etc." So now think about all of this!!! Why such a complicated story? Why does it start with "IF"? Why involve a pregnant woman? Why a story where, obviously the men did not intend to hurt the women? Why go to court? Answer: because a pregnant women is two lives, and not one!!!! The "IF" means it all depends on what happened and circumstances. The men fight scene is to show that sometimes things happened unintentionally. The court is to show that everything has to be analyzed by qualified people (judges). And the Jewish explanation: It's not "Eye for an Eye"! What good will I get if they take the eye out of the person who took my eye? It all about "**The punishment must equal the crime.**" Nothing else. I will probably get compensated (money or favors) if my eye was taken, depending if it was done deliberately or by accident.
What's the big deal here? There are always few homophobes in any political group: democrats, republicans, Trump supporters, Hillary supporters, etc. There are even gay homophobes (i.e. self-hating gays)! Do you really expect all people of some political spectrum to have the same opinions about every topic?
You don't build a team. You can't make a group of incompatible people into a team. All this team building crap is very annoying. If you want a team to work well on something, you need to know each member of the team very well when it comes to skills, pattern of work, know-how, etc. Then, accordingly, assign roles for each person in the total project. And the main thing about successful teams: they are small number of people with the least number of "managers" who manage them.
Take advantage of this new/old and alternative German reality! All anti-Israel people are invited to attack with no fears anything German or Jewish in Germany because it's "Justified Expression Of Criticism Of Israel's policies" and Germany supports Israel. I say it's new/old German reality, because it's new in 2017 but was old in the 1930s. Unbelievable how Germans learned nothing and how stupid are their judges.
You could have been Churchill, who said ["Some people's idea of free speech is that they are free to say what they like, but if anyone says something back, that's an outrage."](http://i.imgur.com/MXqzczh.jpg)
I think there's a VERY GOOD chance that Thiel win in 2018. By 2018, all the Liberal prophecy and predictions about Trump oppressing rights, concentration camps, destroying the economy, etc, will be proven wrong. Democrats with Pelosi and the old-guard will continue to be involved with scandals which will be, this time, publicized and investigated. At that point, common sense, realization, or mass suicide (!) will give more votes for Thiel. ... and it depends also on the clown chosen by Democrats to run against Thiel. If it's another Gray Davis, recalled in 2003 due to idiotic handling of the state, then we are set. I am not from California (thankfully), but 31% of Californians voted for Trump versus 61% for Hillary. And California had Arnold Schwarzenegger (Republican) as governor before (albeit, he was not so great).
Your line of thinking (the bean counter thinking), shared by most car companies, is the reason why mediocre cars were and are being produced, recalls, scandals (Ford Pinto, GM ignition key, etc), and almost no car until recently reached the quality of the Citroen DS from the 50s. On the other hand, Citroen created a car with features no other car had for decades, made a lot of money off this car, was proud of the car, and the customers were proud of Citroen. People will pay more for quality, features and leadership. Tesla is an example: a small electric car that costs more than a high-end boring Mercedes.
I am on your side, but, honestly, it was a more sophisticated RELIABLE mechanism than that! When you steer left, only the left light turn left. When you steered right, only the right light turned right.
Short story: in the haven-on-earth of an area near Vancouver, Canada, there's "equity-mandate policy states that when an incumbent male NDP MLA steps down from his seat, he must be replaced with a woman, or another member of an equity-seeking group..." Wow!!!! I call all LGBT people in that area to run and demand that ALSO a straight women cannot run because, for "equity", a gay person should get the job. Crazy world!!!
Wrong! Even if those people WORKED to make the boxes for themselves, they are freeloaders that enjoy a game everyone else in the stadium paid to see. If it was a situation where people WORKED and built the boxes, it would not be AS BAD as the Equality/Equity folks who want to GIVE boxes to undeserving people paid by the taxpayer. I have no problems to give things to deserving people who really cannot work to obtain them. No problems at all. Tickets to games is not one of those things.
Oh c'mon! It's a safe space for people fearful of their own predictions to what will happen to them.
True. Tucker had the same idea. The idea is very simple and any car manufacturer could put it in a car, even today. Only Citroen actually did it.
Makes sense! /s
I have a gun, so I can defend myself. So, first they have to take my gun. Oops, under Trump watch, my gun is safe.
Few questions: 1. Do Albinos turn red when they blush? More red than usual? 2. When you get excited, or very angry, or work hard, all the things that raise blood pressure and blood flow, do your eyes become red? 3. I don't believe it, but someone told me you can tell when an Albino lies (says untrue things), because if you look in their eyes, they become more red. Any possible truth to that?
No! It's another set of crappy gadgets that nobody really need and of little use and benefit.
Just to make something clear, the publisher in question is extremely anti Netanyahu. That publisher is known for having black/white lists of politicians based on how beneficial they are to him and his business associates. He contacted Netanyahu to offer him a deal, in which he will reduce negative coverage of him in exchange for passing a law that would indirectly increase his advertising revenue. This is what the negotiations were about. Netanyahu was specifying what exactly he would consider a reduction of negative coverage. Eventually the deal fell through, and the publisher's news network was extremely anti Netanyahu in the last election, even more so than before.
As an Israeli, I am telling that the USA should have [passively] supported Assad in Syria, just like Russia is doing it now! Under Assad, father and son, there were no killings of Christians, Alawis, Sunnis and even Jews (the few left in Syria). Syria was a safe place and even made a slow progress. I am not saying that Assad is a good man, democratic, pro human rights, etc. Assad is a typical example of the best choice as leader for Arabs/Muslims who are not ready for democracy, liberty and freedom. Instead, the USA, and only the USA(!), decided to topple such leaders of Arab and Muslim nations: Shah in Iran (Carter), Hussein in Iraq (Bush), Mubarak in Egypt, Gaddafi in Libya, and several others in Algiers, Yemen, etc. The last few under Obama, for the failed "Arab spring". Now we have a problem for 500 years in Iran, Iraq and Libya. Mostly Iran, because the people in control are religious crazies. Lucky for us, Egypt, the most populous Arab country managed to snap out of the mess caused by the USA and a new very good tyrant took control over a religious crazy (Morsi) who was democratically elected. Mubarak was found not guilty and Morsi was found guilty and will face an execution. **Back to Assad: he's an Allawi, the most secular type of Muslim you can find. He and his father are in control of Syria only for one reason: the crazy religious majority of Sunnis always wanted to kill all the Alawis, Christian, Jews and other minorities.** Now you may understand why Assad should be in control of Syria. P/S: honestly, Syria should be 3 countries, an Allawi country, a Christian country and a Sunni country. Same with Iraq: Iraq should be at least 20 countries such as Babylon in the south for the Shias, Assyria in the west for the Assyrians, and another 18 countries for all the tribes and religions they have there, including Kurdistan in the north. Sorry, those people mostly hate each other.
Yes, I know that diet has very little to do with your health. I don't have to "believe" that. All you have to do is check research: vegetarians do not have healthier or longer life than meat eaters (when comparing people with same weight and exercise level). Even if we compare all vegetarians to all meat eaters, the difference is minimal. Indians (most are vegetarian) do not have healthy long lives. On the other hand, AS YOU KNOW, the longest living people are Scandinavians (lots of meat, beer and no exercise due to extreme cold weather), Jews (traditional "unhealthy" food and not great in sport), and Japanese. This is to show you that it's mostly genetics. Finally, do me a favor and [read this special addition of people over 100 who live in The Villages Florida, the largest retirement place in the USA](http://thevillagesdailysun.com/app/documenting_glorious_lifespans/index.html). Let me know if anyone of them reached such an age due to food or exercise. Pay attentions to all those who are over 100 and smoked for 80 years. Also, look at the pictures and tell me how many of them are skinny.
Whatever! Most of the middle east, except Israel and Egypt, is of countries that never existed before, and the British simply drew lines on the map and made countries such as Jordan, Saudi-Arabia, Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, etc.
Remember, Margaret Thacher voted in 1967 to decriminalize homosexuality in the UK. On the other hand, Che Guevara throws gays to jail and execute them in Cuba. See it [here](https://i.redd.it/ztorfrdxv3ay.jpg)
MLK: &gt; Peace for the Arabs means the kind of economic security that they so desperately need. These nations, as you know, are part of that third world of hunger, of disease, of illiteracy. I think that as long as these conditions exist there will be tensions, there will be the endless quest to find scapegoats. So there is a need for a Marshall Plan for the Middle East,.... MLK wrote this in 1968. Since then, Arabs sold a lot of oil for A LOT of money. And still today, they are "third world of hunger, of disease, of illiteracy" and poverty + religious fanaticism [my additions, true also in 1968]. Hence, "endless quest to find scapegoats". Arab leaders will reject any Marshal Plan because to control their people, they need them to continue be poor, uneducated, miserable and religious so blaming Israel will work.
Darling, if you go to tel aviv under Israel control for gay pride, you will not be executed. But if you go to what used to be tel aviv after Israel is destroyed, you will be executed. You need to phrase things much better, even for an irony.
Regardless, Hitler/Holocaust/6Million/Gas chambers can be proven to happen. Nobody can prove that "Palestinians" existed before 1947, they are a nation, they wanted a "Palestine" country for themselves, and that they are entitled to all this land. Actually, all evidence shows the opposite.
**It's homophobic not to vote for Peter Thiel!!!!*** (I learned this "approach" from liberal and lefty friends)
Not again! Another brand new unity between Fatah and Hamas? What happened all the previous unities? And a unity with Hamas is so very impressive. Did Hamas lower its standards or did Fatah raise up its standards when it comes to Israel/Jew hating, terror, wars and destruction?
&gt; I hope 4 years of Trump and republicans will knock those SJWs into submission so they emerge as calm, rational liberals. I hope that in 1 or 2 years they will see and realize that all their prophecy and claims against Trump are wrong: no concentration camps, no anti-gay actions, no women abuse, no wars, and no many many other crappy and crazy ideas they believe in. Then: 1. Many of them will commit suicide 2. Many of them will change their mind 3. The rest will be bothersome angry people who can't deal with reality... i.e. what they are now.
IF there is an extreme situation, THEN people will go to extremes to counter extremism. No extreme situation now. It's all false prophecies and made up accusations against Trump. **So the correct thing to say now, as Churchill said, "The fascists of tomorrow will call themselves anti-fascists."** Simple as that.
Another example: [this Citroen will try to be leveled even with 3 wheels.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNe3FWkEcyQ)
I replied. Go ahead and reply back.
Just a minor correction: the "Palestinian" leaders got the money...
&gt; I guess my reservations are not that Trump himself is anti-LGBT, but that he doesn't care enough about these issues You are guessing, predicting and assuming too much, and your guesses are already proven wrong. What do you mean "he doesn't care"? If he's not anti-gay, then he would care very much if his cabinet does anything anti-gay. Do you think Trump or the republican party are idiots? The results of the last elections show almost equal support for each party. So do you think Republicans or Trump, or even Democrats can afford to alienate 10% of the population, the gay community? &gt; stop the openly anti-LGBT GOP Congress from enacting legislation that will discriminate against LGBT Americans. You really really believe that after ALL (!!!!) federal discrimination against gays was removed, that the congress has nothing better to do but to put new and official laws that discriminate against gays? When all polls show that majority of Americans have nothing against gays? The problem with gays and gays like you is that you are so narrow minded and all you care is about "discrimination and access issues for gays" when such discrimination and access issues do not exist at all (!!!) on the federal level. You can't even imagine that most gays and most politicians care more about real issues of immigration, economy, employment, security, ObamaCare, rampant corruption, dysfunctioning media, insane policies, bloated bureaucracy, tax code, red tape, FBI, CIA, NSA, and much much more. You remind me of those vocal crazy feminists: almost no issues, discrimination and access issues for women and those feminists imagine that all men and most women are against them.
I will explain you something very simple: never ever believe what politicians promise, what they claim their views are, and what they claim will be their policy. Never! Only used car salespeople are worse then them in this respect. Obama, whom I voted for twice, said he will pull our troops out of Afghanistan "in 6 months", close Guantanamo, support Israel, work on racial tensions, create jobs, etc. None of this was done! Actually, exactly the opposite. Exactly the opposite. Don't even listen to predictions you hear about politicians. Predictions about politicians, even stock market, economy, technology, etc, are vast majority of the times completely wrong. I would be a billionaire if predictions I hear about the economy or stock market, which are pure non-political and just number and policy analysis, where even 50% correct. I don't believe Trump will follow up with his promises to register Muslim, deport all illegal immigrants, build a wall across all the border, etc. I may be wrong, because this is my guess and prediction. **The only thing you need to check for is actions in the past and character!** Trump, as you know very well, never ever said or did anything anti-gay. Nor did he hurt women, other races, the disabled, and all the other crap said about him by the media. Absolutely made-up crap. Trump built, fought and won against bigger adversaries, knows very well how to control his team and situation, a simple man who says plainly what's on his mind non-diplomatically, anti-globalist, anti wall-street, anti haters of the USA, a patriot, contrarian, etc, etc. On the other hand, the Democrats today, and Hillary specifically, are corrupt to the core, cheaters, globalists who put the interests of the USA as less important than global interest, terrible foreign policy - the worst ever, anti-Israel, accept bribes, even cheat on questions in a debate. My son would be expelled from school, in 1st grade, if he cheat on his test this way. So these are past actions by both sides. Make the best pick based on those actions I listed only. Who wins? Who won? Who won against 13 other experienced Republican nominees? **Now, let's assume Trump as a president does something you don't like in the future, e.g. something against the LGBTQ community.** Do you think the President of the USA and his cabinet have total power to do anything they want? No! There's congress, senate, ethics committees, court, the states have individual rights to do something else, etc. The founding fathers of the USA were very very smart about powers and "checks and balances". And the main thing: why would Trump or Republicans even try to purposely hurt the LGBTQ community, 10% of the population? **Let me know of the last president, even Republicans, that tried to hurt the LGBTQ community. (Yes, Bill Clinton, with DOMA, but anybody else?)**
1. Israel and the Jews agreed in 1948 for an Arab country based on the U.N. plan to divide the land between Arab and Jews. No issues for Israel and Jews that the local Arabs have their own country is some of the area since 1948, and even before that. 2. There was never ever a "Palestine" country, but there was a country called "Israel", since 1200B.C., for the Jewish people. Israel existed before there was almost any countries in the whole world, with laws, unique religion, culture, judges, kings, army, institution, Jerusalem as the capital, etc, etc. 3. There was never ever Arab "Palestinians" or them really asking or working for a "Palestine" for themselves before 1948. All the nations and nationalities in the area, Jordan, Lebanon, Syria, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, etc are because the British drew lines on the map for invented countries and nations that never existed before. 4. At least 99.5% of Israelis, and Egyptians, do not want Gaza to ever and never be part of their country. This area could be "Palestine" back in 1967, when Israel liberated it from Egyptian occupation. It can be "Palestine" today. Israel and Egypt have one little condition: be nice neighbors. They don't, so no "Palestine" there since 1967. 5. The only issue is Judea and Samaria (aka West Bank). Again, the local Arabs can have a country there since they were liberated in 1967 by Israel from a Jordanian occupation. I don't have to explain you why this did not happen and will not happen for at least another 50 years. Clue: nothing to do with Israel. It's all the "peacful" attitudes of the local Arabs there.
The pages were deleted by Obama!!! It's standard procedure! The white house is now Trump's. He will put new pages. Read those new pages, and then let me know if you find something to be concerned about.
The person in the video is a woman!!! Really. I am not making it up. Check!!!!!! I **assumed** it's a man. How terrible of me. So, now I need to better study the 60 genders and decide which of the 60 genders she belongs to. I will give a prize to the one guess the correct gender for her! But honestly, this may not be a male, but no way in hell it's a female.
Hi Lizzard! Welcome back. No! It's not because they are not stateless. It's because they live in a free society and free to think what's good for themselves and learn that Jews are great people to live with or next to. That's it.
Really? You really believe that under Jordanian and Egyptian occupation, a "Palestinian" nationalism could or would allowed to develop? In Jordan that massacred "Palestinian" in black October? You amaze me with your imagination. Anyway, the 1967 event happened and the local Arabs can thank Israel that they can start develop and invent their national identity.
Why would we do such an experiment ? It's against the nature of Israel.
FYI, Gad is an Israeli name, also one of the 12 tribes of Israel.
Probably because Trump will not target the LGBT, or there are far more important issues, even for LGBT people. What LGBT thing still needs to be done by the president?
It's a woman! Really! Check it yourself. It turns out this is a woman.
Got it! So it's, again, Israel fault. Is it also Israel's fault that the local Arabs were liberated from the Jordanian and Egyptian occupation? Is it also Israel's fault that they could now work on their own country and nationality? &gt; The Jordanians did persecute the Palestinians yes but they didn't colonise the West Bank LOL!!!!!! There's no difference between Jordanians and "Palestinians": same race, look, language, religion, food, customs, etc. Neither did Israel "colonize" Judea and Samaria until the late 1970s. &gt; [Jordanians] even granted the population citizenship. And you forgot they wanted to annex the land for Jordan = total "forget about Palestinians and a Palestine for them." **Bottom line: "Palestinians" are invented people and only due to Israel we hear about them today. They will HAVE TO learn and live nicely and peacefully next to or inside Israel. Until then, nothing for them. And Gaza can be "Palestine" tomorrow if, again, they are nice and peaceful.**
Trust me, my views and your views, and the views of vast majority of Americans are not much different. Most Americans have nothing against LGBT, women, legal immigrants, etc. Am I right? Neither does Trump. Most Americans are against globalism, wall-street, terrorism by Muslims, corruption, lobbyists, etc. Am I right? So does Trump. Trump is not even a Republican!!!! He hates almost all Republican politicians, am I right? He was never a politician either. He's just using the Republican party (two party system in the USA) to get a job he wants to do, a job that needs to be done. &gt; I guess it really probably comes down to something as simple and subjective for LGBT issues with the Administration and Congress. You trust them, but I don't. No! Absolutely not!!!! As I explained to you from the beginning: **Never ever (!!!) trust the government and politicians!!!** I am not sitting here and have full trust that things will be as I think they will be (predictions) or that whoever in government now will do the things they promised, or even that they will do the right things or things that are for the people and the country. I will not be surprised at all if anti-LGBT actions are done by this new administration. Won't shock me at all. Especially after Bill Clinton's DOMA support. My very good guess is that nothing anti-LGBT will happen under Trump. I am 80% sure about it. **IF they do something anti-LGBT, only then, I have something to worry and work against. Simple as that.**
It's a woman! You just need to figure out which of the 60 genders she belong to! ... I know, it's very confusing for you. I understand.
You know what this reminds me? At work, when top management does stupid decisions, I let them continue with their plans and don't voice opposition or argue. Not because I am afraid of opposing them or their reaction (letting me go). This is mainly because the best way to fight certain things is let them fail and realize on their own the stupidity of their actions. Sadly, people are set with their opinions, and the only way their learn is from their mistakes and failures.
LOL!!!! Even as a gay man, you will have to pay me huge amount of money to rape those [fat, ugly, crazy, dellusional] women.
A lefty with a gun? In a Milo speech? To protect against "white supremacists"? Next, they will attack, with guns, the "white supremacists"? Sounds interesting. Can you guess: are they going to attack Muslim supremacists (against women, gays, not-Muslims) or just "white supremacists" (aka anybody not lefty, minus Muslims)?
I have a lot of respect to Dennis Prager and agree with him on many topics. He comes from a religious perspective and concentrate on religion. What he does not understand about "Marriage" is that for the last 100-200 years, it's not a religious marriage!!! He does not get it. Today, getting married is just a Legal Transaction between 2 people that grants each many state/federal legal benefits and even more legal obligations and liabilities. You sign a document in court! No priest is present! Two atheists can get married this way. So, for almost all people, Marriage is just official legal way to denote their commitment to each other. Nothing more than that! Many couples who are together for many years don't even bother to marry. For them, Legal Marriage is not needed to show they are connected to each other.
&gt; Annexation to Jordan, although it's not independence, is preferable to the state Palestinians live in today LOL!!!!! I wish you would think about what you write, before you write them. Ok! So, if Israel split the land Judea and Samaria between Israel and Jordan, you will be fine? **FYI, I and I am sure MOST Israelis are totally fine with this. We'd rather have Jordan border Israel than a "Palestine".**
That's why there's same-sex marriage and opposite-sex marriage. Honestly, Dennis is right on many things, but here, when it comes to same-sex marriage, he has no clue what he's talking about and it all comes from unexplained and illogical religious beliefs. P/S: many people marry and do not have children by choice.
Voting rights where? In Israel? They are not citizens and they want to destroy Israel. In Jordan or "Palestine"? LOL!!!!! Not a single Arab or Muslim country is democratic.
Also in Hebrew: the word for pimp in ancient Hebrew and modern Hebrew is סרסור = Sar-sur.
סרסור, Sar-Sur, in Hebrew, to which Arabic is related to, is "pimp". Also in Aramaic (ancient Syrian language).
I own a gun, even though I never carried it. Never. It just sits in my house and I can't imagine me ever using it unless somebody violently tries to break into my house. **The only reason I have a gun is to be part of the statistics of gun owners in the USA.** ... so the message will be that if extreme conditions are allowed in the USA, I will be statistically one of those armed to fight them.
LOL!!!!! Give back Judea and Samaria to whom? To those who recognize the right of Israel to exist? To those who agree about borders with Israel? Who's their elected leader that represent them? To those who will start a democratic Arab country with freedom, liberty and rights for the local Arabs? **Just answer this question: why would you EVEN want a new Arab country for those local Arabs if it's guaranteed to be undemocratic oppressive tyranny for them (like ALL other Arab and Muslim countries)? Why?**
She's anti-Israel, pro-Hamas and pro-Isis. [Here's all about her.](http://www.danielpipes.org/blog/2010/03/popping-linda-sarsours-balloon)
And the whole world call for the liberation of Tibet. Do Arabs and Muslims call for the liberation of Tibet?
Did they ask to bake the cake in a Liberal bakery in SF or somewhere similar?
Of course: she can only do those thing ONLY IF her husband approve it.
I agree. If everyone carry a gun, one will have 2nd thoughts of starting trouble. But if guns are restricted, we end up like what we have in Chicago.
The city of Bney Brak in Israel, east of Tel Aviv.
I have no problem with federal funds used by organizations to lobby. I have a problem with federal funds used by publicly funded organizations to donate to a political party or promote a political party. Just like publicly funded schools should not promote a political party, support a party or allow promotions of a certain party.
Darling, do me a favor: if you want to debate things, you can't make up things. It's impossible to debate anything if one side make up things that are not true. In Gaza, there's not a single Israeli and Hamas is in total control. Total control. Any complaints you have about "Palestinian" life in Gaza, address to Hamas. They are even "democratically" elected. In Judea and Samaria, the PA is in control. Yes, it was never elected, but almost all day-to-day aspects of the lives of Arabs there is controlled by them. Even police! Finally, it was discovered yesterday that ex-President Obama gave $221 Million to the "Palestinians" just hours before he left office. Question for you: how much money will go to the local Arabs and infrastructure and how much money will go into the pockets of Arab leaders? **The real story here, as you know, is that Hamas is a terrorist organization, also towards its own citizens. Both Hamas and PA are corrupt to the core.** Are you going to blame Israel, or, start fighting the terrible "Palestinian" leadership?
True, the self-leveling lights was not such a great idea, especially going downhill - you will blind the cars ahead. But going uphill, it's a good idea. Remember, it was only for the smaller "high beam" light, that the driver can turn on or off. So, it's only when you are alone on the road. The XM was completely different design. A fix light would point to the left when you turn left. Anyway, for me it's amazing that since the DS (and failed Tucker cars), nobody had directional lights until recently.
I ask lefties why won't they go on vacation in Saudi Arabia or any Arab country... they start giving excuses... then I call them "**Islamophobic!!!!!!**"
But plenty of "brave" SJWs spend a lot of time attacking Israel, even going to Israel to protest... because they are not afraid. The "coward" SJWs will not attack Saudi Arabia and all Arab/Muslim countries... because they are afraid.
SJWs are basically haters of ANYTHING they are free to hate without any fear. Really! Simple as that. Absolutely no common sense, logic or even ideology behind what they do.
&gt; In Gaza Israel is also considered the occupying power by most definitions and by most observers. LOL!!!! Gaza is occupied despite no Israeli being there! LOL!!!!! Israel has not internal control in Gaza and don't blame Israel for the issues in Gaza. Blame Hamas, a terrorist organization. In Judea and Samaria there were no elections in a looooooooonnnnnng time and Abbas personally was never elected. The last elections, in 2016, were cancelled. Instead, he was chosen to lead for another 5 years with no elections. As for Israel "intervening" with PA rule, it's minimal, security issues only. If Israel really intervened with the PA, there would be no such rampant corruption there. **So instead of wasting time blaming Israel, I will ask you one more time:** &gt; **Are you going to blame Israel, or, start fighting the terrible "Palestinian" leadership?**
Ladies? In that women demonstration? You really expected "ladies" in that demonstration? 95% of those women were fat, bitter, never married, ugly, rejected (by men), hysterical, or combination of all the above. 98% of them cannot tell you what they were demonstrating against.
There was Israel, for more than a 1000 years, since 1200 BC. [This ancient Egyptian document](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merneptah_Stele) tells how Egypt fought "ISRAEL" in 1200 BC, and won. So there was a country, for the Jews, called "Israel", Jerusalem is the capital, laws, culture, kings, institutions, army, etc. And the only reason Israel did not exist, temporarily, from 10AD until 1948 is because Romans destroyed it and expelled almost all the Jews out of the land.
That's Ok, because, for Obama, Flint, mostly blacks, does not need that money to fix their poisonous water.
Darling, Israel MUST(!) use ALL(!!!) the money to buy weapons from USA arms manufacturers. All(!!!) the money. Check it. So this money is to support the American arms industry. It's also a bribe to Israel to NOT develop its own arms industry.
Did you miss the fact that Israel existed as a country, since 1200BC, before there was any country in the whole world?
What's ridiculous is you: can't face simple verifiable facts. The money is to buy weapons from USA arms manufacturers. All(!!!) the money. Check it. So this money is to support the American arms industry. It's also a bribe to Israel to NOT develop its own arms industry.
I say it again: the money is a bribe for Israel to buy American goods and not develop its own weapon industry. The USA is terrified of Israel developing its own much more superior weapon industry. Israel does not need the money. Israeli economy is in better shape than the American economy. **It's all simple verifiable facts! No argument here.**
I am going to say it again: &gt;&gt;In Gaza Israel is also considered the occupying power by most definitions and by most observers. &gt; LOL!!!! Gaza is occupied despite no Israeli being there! LOL!!!!! Israel has not internal control in Gaza and don't blame Israel for the issues in Gaza. Blame Hamas, a terrorist organization. And I will ask you again: &gt; Are you going to waste your time and blame Israel, or, start fighting the terrible "Palestinian" leadership?
You, stupid Rachel Corrie, and your friends, are true Jew haters, Israel haters, supporters of Palestinian and Muslim terrorism and all of you have no clue why you act this way.
No! You reject the right and the best thing to do for your beloved "Palestinians": fight against their corrupt useless and terrorist leaders, fight their terrorist acts and fight their unwillingness to compromise. This needs you to be brave. Instead, as a coward, you blame Israel, fight Israel and argue endless pointless arguments based on made-up facts. To show you that I know what I am talking about, answer one simple question: show me one accomplishment achieved by the "Palestinians" in the last 70 years. Even one example. If you can't find an example, it should show you that terror and uncompromising approach gets you NOTHING! NOTHING!!!!
Of course! I am good, Israel is good, Jews are good. Jews haters and Israel haters are losers.
Good move by Israel. But you forgot also this municipal announcement from the city of Jerusalem: &gt; Today (Sunday), the Local Building and Planning Committee in Jerusalem approved the construction of 671 housing units in various neighborhoods whose approval had been delayed for several weeks: 324 units in Ramot, 174 units in Ramat Shlomo, 68 units in Pisgat Ze’ev, 49 units in Beit Hanina, **14 units in Wadi Joz, 24 units in Umm Lison and Umm Tuba, 7 units Jabel Mukaber, 4 units in Beit Safafa, 3 units in Sur Baher and 4 units in A-Tur.** Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said: “**The past eight years have been difficult with pressure from the Obama administration to freeze construction.** While the Jerusalem Municipality did not freeze construction, pressure from the American government meant that national approval was often not granted, and sometimes the publication of new plans was delayed. I believe that we are entering a new era, in which we will be able to continue to build and develop the city for the benefit of all residents, Jews **and Arabs** alike, This will enable us to the right thing – to strengthen our sovereignty, to provide housing solutions for young people, and to develop Jerusalem – **Israel’s indivisible capital.**”
The leader of Israel in 1200BC was Joshua Ben-Nun. **Are you doubting the 1200BC written-on-stone Egyptian document that Egypt fought a war against ISRAEL, and Egypt won?**
&gt; I blame Israel where Israel is at fault &gt; They ["Palestinians"] are not angels, they are only humans. Fine to blame Israel when it is at fault! But not blaming or fighting against "Palestinian" leaders and the terrible mistakes and decisions they make with the excuse "they are only human" is another thing. **GO AHEAD: Tell me what you blame and your critic of the "Palestinians". I would love to hear your views.** P/S: Remember where we started? In 1948, Israel agreed to the UN partition plan, and the Arabs did not, and they occupied the land given to the local Arabs.
Guess what? The Japanese, already since late 1940s, are good friends of the USA. So are the Germans. No demonstrations in Japan and Germany against "Americans killing civilians". You know why? Because Japanese and Germans know they deserved it. Let's talk about one example: Germany attacked London (civilians). In response, the British bombed the German city of Dresden **killing more Germans than the 2 Atomic bombs killed(!!!).** What happened next? Germany stopped all its attacks on the UK and the Germans are good friends with the British since then. Why? The Germans deserved it. Back to Israel versus Arabs: if in order to save one life of a fellow Israeli citizen I need to shoot a bomb that will prevent it but will also kill 100 or much more "civilians" of the enemy, **I will be glad to press the button to do that. No moral issues or dilemma about this." **It's actually totally immoral and a crime to allow your fellow citizens to die in order to spare lives on the enemy side!** True or false?
For someone who makes up facts that Israel never existed, I can change the subject with proven facts that "Palestine" and "Palestinians" never existed. Never ever. Back to Israel: the issue you have is that Israel did not "continuously existed". Was it because it decided to stop to exist? Or was it a brutal occupation and expulsion? **Anyway, Israel exist now for 70 years, and "Palestine" still never existed. Can we forget about "Palestine" by now using your logic?** P/S: Bonus question: how long your country existed? Did it exist when Israel existed for more than 1000 years?
&gt; I'm not a believer that the Germans or the Japanese civilian victims of the bombing campaigns deserved to die for the actions of their governments ... 1. Maybe they did not deserve it, despite most of them supporting the actions against the UK and USA, but the ones that survive now have no issues with that. Only "broadminded" people like you have issue with the UK killing Germans to protect its citizens. 2. I like the part you wrote about "for the actions of their government". **So, if you really believe so, you should know who to fight!!!!** Don't fight Israel! Fight the horrific, useless, terrorist, stupid leaders of the "Palestinians". Finally, you write: &gt; Interesting that you say you would happily kill 100 Palestinians for 1 Israeli. Pretty racist attitude. I learned one clear things about "broadminded" people like you: when the "racist!!!!!" word comes out of their mouth, that means they have no answers and can't admit they were wrong. Nothing "racist!!!!!" about killing your enemy.
Darling, the last "aid" package for Israel, which is in great economical shape, better than the USA, is for 100% of all the money to go buy American made weapons. So, I know you struggle with logic and common sense, but anybody else will conclude that: 1. Israel does not need "aid". 2. This is just to support the American weapon industry. 3. It's a bribe for Israel to not develop their own [better] weapons and weapon industry. 4. It's because the USA is terrified that Israel will have better weapon industry and compete against the USA. 5. It's because the USA wants monopoly on who gets advance weapons. God forbid Israel sells weapons to China.
Are you saying this before or after Obama's gift of $221Million to the "Palestinians" was stopped by Trump? When the "Palestinians" get this and other aid money, does it go to better their situation, or to the pockets of their corrupt leaders? Should "Palestinians" get aid to purchase [expensive] weapons or build schools [cheap]?
You really have issues with common sense and basic logic. Israel does not need aid and it can develop its own weapons, better weapons, and even sell them. The USA want to prevent this. So it sends "aid" to Israel to support the USA weapon industry and kill the Israeli one. What's so hard to understand? &gt; The US has the most advanced weapons in the world Read about Israel making the Kafir fighter jet in the early 80s and you will see how the USA panicked about a better jet and Israel planning to sell it to other countries. &gt; Israel woud never do that [sell weapons to other countries]. Israel does sell to other countries, e.g. Iron Dome to India, and Israel would sell more if the USA would allow that.
... still waiting for criticism of the "Palestinians" and their leaders from you... ... something milder than "they sell themselves to Israel"... LOL!!!!!
LOL!!!! Trump will not fund the UN and [this](http://www.israelvideonetwork.com/she-just-said-what-about-the-united-nations/?omhide=true) is what the USA Ambassador to the UN said.
Darling, after investigation of continued allegations of torture, the Supreme Court of Israel ruled in 1999 that all torture - even moderate physical pressure - was illegal. Meanwhile, on the "Palestinian" and all Muslim countries... including death penalty, which was never allowed in Israel and Judaism, since 10AD. By the way, do you know how Judaism interpret "eye for an eye" in the Bible, compared to Islam? if certain methods of torture did not work, nobody would use them.
You know what? To make you stop this nonsense about Pro-Israel media: give me an example article from NYT or BBC that is "Pro-Israel" despite evidence that Israel is at fault. Go ahead!!!!!
Wow!!!! The PLO is "too authoritarian". Like Trump? Like Putin? Can we get specifics? Especially specifics for "not a great leadership"? Is it that "the PLO sells to Israel"? Is that why they are not great leadership?
That's the problem: you read [mentally ill] Chomsky and don't use common sense, facts and logic. &gt; He's where I get all my information from. All the information? LOL!!!!! You know what people would think about me if I say I get all my information from one person? Really, what's wrong with you? You don't realize that, again and again, you are making a ridiculous joke of yourself with what you say about yourself, your logic and the made-up facts you come up with? Let's be real: do you agree that Chomsky is far-left person? Of course he is. As a far-left person, he has a NARROW agenda and ideology. So, if "all" the information you have is from a one far-left person, do you really think your knowledge and views are based on individual analysis based on self-study or points and counter points? P/S: I am totally a center person.
LOL!!!!!! HRW is focused on "other countries". Do you want the stats about each country and how many times the HRW focused on it? Again, my question was &gt; Now, since torture is so disturbing for you, what are YOU doing about rampant torture (and executions) by "Palestinians" and ALL Arab/Muslim countries?
This Saudi is right! Mostly in the sense that there's not much difference between "Palestinians", ISIS, Al-Qaeda, Muslim Brothers, and a lot of other Muslim groups like them. P/S: Saudi Arabia trust Israel more than most Arab countries. The Saudis never ever really cared about "Palestinians" and their cause.. like most Arab countries.
&gt; Everyone is a conqueror. Who did Jews originally conquer this land from for ancient Israel, established in 1200 BC, 3200 years ago? The Canaanites? Find those Canaanites and we will give the land back to them. And if you think Jews/Israel today "conquered" the land from "Palestinians", well, 70 years have passed. How long does Israel/Jews need to wait for the conquest to be official, like the Muslims? &gt; microbial muslim ancestors in the holy land ... in Mecca and Medina, far aways in the holy land of Saudi Arabia.
Because of the same reasons they defend fundamental Muslims, Sharia laws, illegal immigrants, BLM (terrorists) and Hillary (corrupt to the core). [This](https://i.redd.it/67w2dn99szay.png) will summarize it up. I really think (and hope) government agents are placing those crazies to lead the left... to sabotage any chance that they get any respect or gain more support from sane people, which are most people. God forbid if they were more moderate and with reasonable leaders.
&gt; My point is that the Jews are conquerors in Palestine, just like everyone everywhere else on earth. No. Jews are in their ancient homeland which was conquered away from them 2000 years ago, including by Muslims. &gt; What matters is that people have human rights. The Palestinians are stateless people living under foreign occupation and denied citizenship. Yes, Jews have total human rights to ALL this land. Yet Jews were more than willing to share this land, in 1948 and before. **Guess who does not believe in human rights, does not believe in rights of Jews to any part of this land, and want Jews to be stateless? Any guesses?** As for poor "stateless Palestinians", they could have their state long time ago, with the blessing of Israel if: A. Their Arab brothers in Jordan in Egypt did not occupy them in 1948 B. They were willing to be nice neighbors to Israel after they were liberated by Israel in 1967 from that occupation. C. Willing to be nice neighbors now and compromise about is left for them.
How about 10 people dead to save the life of one? 20? How about the 10 are from the enemy side? They people of the enemy mostly support the enemy actions. 20? What's you magic number to be willing to save someone who's more dear to you than criminals and people on the enemy side? Is this a number game? Or should be principal and moral automatic action?
&gt; Go to HRW's homepage. Tons of articles. None of them about Israel. None of them about Israel? None? Than why are you complaining about Israel and use HRW to support your claims? Please think before you write things because I know things and things you make up can be proven EASILY as total lies of a desperate person like you.
No response from you because you were proven wrong, again. Does HRW criticize Israel more than anyone else? Yes or no?
Tulsi is wrong! The only moderates in Syria are Assad and his people, the Alawis. The story of Syria is very simple and easy to understand: 74% of the population is Sunnis (extreme Muslims) and Shias (a bit less extreme), 10% Christians, 8% Alawites and the rest are other minorities. The Alawites are the most secular Muslims you can find. Not into killing and destroying and very tolerant of others. Assad and his father were in control of Syria because the majority of Muslims wants to kill and slaughter the Alawites (and Christians too). Under Assad, father and son, even Jews lived in safety. No killing, no fighting. Yes, Assad, father and son, will do ANYTHING(!) to protect themselves and their people against those who want to kill them and others. **Does anybody have an issue with that? Does anybody cannot accept that?** Assad and his father did well until Hillary/Obama with their failed "Arab Spring" decided to support the "rebels". All these killing in Syria (also Libya, Yemen and a bit in Egypt) is due to Obama/Hillary. No, I am not trying to support non-democratic Tyrants. But, Assad in control of Syria is the best and only choice for Syria. If I was the USA, I would support him (quietly like, like Russia does now). Any questions?
Lol!!! You can't even admit when you are clearly wrong. You yourself used the HRW to attack Israel.
Romans were not Christians!!! Check it! Forget about history, since you clearly don't know much. This land was occupied from Jews and Israel, and Jews/Israel is back. Any issues? Meanwhile, a "Palestine" never ever existed.
"Palestine" never was a country and "Palestinians" where invented around 1966. Am I right or wrong? It's rude all the lies you say about Jews and Israel.
Really? A pilot commit suicide when they bomb the enemy. Resorting again to imaginary world to handle the reality of what I say? Are you a Muslim?
Other way around: the crusaders took Jerusalem from the Arabs. Anyway, I wrote: &gt; This land was occupied from Jews and Israel, and Jews/Israel is back. Any issues? &gt; Meanwhile, a "Palestine" never ever existed.
You lost the debate? But I am sure there's Zero chances you will admit and only 50% chances you learned from me and will change your views.
Probably the cousin of the brother-in-law of the ex-wife of the union leader will get the job. Long time ago it was clear to me that Unions are worst than bad employers... because many employers really care about the people who work for them.
&gt; [Israel] it ceased to exist. What are you talking about? Israel exist, today. FYI, Israel was occupied and destroyed many times! Jews were even expelled from Israel more than once. Guess what? In all times, also 1948, Jews returned, Israel was reestablished and, if the temple was destroyed, it was built again. Third temple is coming soon!!!
&gt; From my brief google searches I actually found more attention to the Hamas side than the Israelis. You lied before, you made up things before, and here again. Instead of a "brief google search", check the records and quickly you will see how obsessively biased HRW only towards Israel. [Example](http://elderofziyon.blogspot.com/2017/01/hrw-again-minimizing-palestinian-crimes.html) As for clueless Noam, I have expressed MY views, and Noam's views are totally different. You could not debunk my views. You (!) need to do the homework yourself and not go by what one mentally ill extreme lefty like Noam says, and accept those views without debate or checks. My views are not following any one of few persons of extreme political spectrum. They are mine based on my high intelligence, checking things, learning facts, DEBATING MY VIEWS with opposing people, and always winning. I will summarize MY views again in a simplified way to show you that really should not be a conflict at all. 1. This land is a Jewish land, for 1000s of years. After the last major occupation and the last expulsion (Roman), Jews came back and reestablished Israel. Israel was occupied and destroyed several times in the past. Always (!) Jews returned back to it and restarted it, and if the temple was destroyed, the built a new one. A third temple will be built again, soon. 2. Jews are very tolerant of others and willing to compromise. Jews/Israel accepted the UN partition plan. Arabs did not. 3. Arabs lost many wars to destroy Israel and kill all the Jews. So they can shut up now, and they do! This land is Israel and Israel even earned it, again, with blood and wars. 4. Arabs trust and support Israel more than other Arab countries (Egypt, Jordan, Saudi-Arabia, Morocco, UAE, etc). Thanks to Egypt, Israel is able to keep a blockade on Gaza. 5. The "Palestinians" were invented by Arabs countries only for the purpose of fighting Israel. Almost no history of "Palestinians" before 1947: no leaders, no fight and almost no calls to have a "Palestine" for themselves, nothing unique about them compared to Arabs few miles aways in Egypt or Jordan. Arabs never cared about "Palestinians". Jordan killed them, and they are oppressed in Lebanon, Syria and Jordan (to a lesser extent). 6. "Palestinians" and "Palestine" for them today is only because Israel liberated the local Arabs from an Egyptian and Jordanian occupation in 1967. Otherwise, you would not hear those words today. 7. Worst leaders in the world are the "Palestinian" leaders. 70 years with not a single accomplishment. (actually, I am 90% sure they are all Israeli agents, including Arafat, making, on purpose, all the possible mistakes - god forbid if they had moderate and sensible leaders - Israel would have been in real trouble.) 8. At least 99% of Egyptians and Israelis do not want Gaza to ever and never be part of their country. There goes half of the problem and they can have "The Philistines" or "Palestine" over there anytime since 1967, with one condition: be nice neighbors. They don't. 9. As for Judea and Samaria, the local Arabs know it's best for them to cooperate with Israel. God forbid if they start a "Palestine" over there: it will be like ALL (!) Arab and Muslim countries in the world - dark tyranny, no democracy, no human rights, no freedom, no future. 10. At this point of the game, after so many mistakes, Arabs in Judea and Samaria will get very little and only when they are ready for democracy, living in peace next to Israel and cooperating with Israel. Anything "incorrect" or not right about what I said? Any "alternative" story you want to tell me, from Noam?
What views you have that I differ on, and for which you need compelling evidence? That 73% of Israeli Arabs support Israel and this shows that "Palestinians", if they are free and think for themselves, will understand they will live next or inside Israel in peace, happy and enjoying total freedom, equality, human rights, liberty, great future, democracy and great people next to them? That Israel does not torture people? That Israel is not an apartheid country? That Israel is here, was here and will be here?
[Relevant](https://i.reddituploads.com/f7b92434b30843a08a4693c158ff13e8?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=4239fd291a8a9e14b8ff84b02b4b91e5)
I am so glad that feminism is controlled by crazed ugly bitter hysterical women who come with crazy ideas. Similar to leaders of the left (same thing, but not always women). I am actually pretty convinced that in most cases, those leaders are government agents doing sabotage. Same with leaders of LGBT community, most of them. Sorry to say that. God forbid Feminists were sensible, moderate, factual and believable. Then, men will be in real trouble. Actually, not! There's nothing really for women to fight about or for. So Feminism today it's only to fight with no cause, and only for the purpose of fighting.
&gt;&gt; 1. This land is a Jewish land, for 1000s of years. After the last major occupation and the last expulsion (Roman), Jews came back and reestablished Israel. Israel was occupied and destroyed several times in the past. Always (!) Jews returned back to it and restarted it, and if the temple was destroyed, the built a new one. A third temple will be built again, soon. &gt; Jews have indeed been continuously present in Israel for thousands of years. For a long time they were a monkey and the land was full of Arabs. You see (probably not)! You and Noam are mentally ill. You can't even accept or admit a simple verifiable fact. Anyway, Israel is here, doing very very well... except for minor bothersome incidents with some local Arabs outside the border. Not for long...
This is exactly what the democratic government like the USA do: the constitution, and laws prohibit discrimination, favoritism, and they demand freedom of speech. Yes, the government did not do such a great job about it. **But definitely, the media is totally all about discrimination, favoritism, propaganda, blocking free speech, etc.** You know the subject of this discussion: Twitter bans Milo. So it's a simple question: who do you trust more? Media or government acting according to it's own laws?
Again you make up facts or spin/twist things to support your views? Of course Iranians can come to Israel. All the time. Also Saudis who come in droves for medical treatment. No official ban of any country to come to Israel. We review each case separately. The "*people who are literally from Israel and have been there for centuries (refugees)*" you refer to are Arabs who ran away from Israel before 1948... just like the MANY MORE Jews who ran away from Arab countries. Do you want to discuss refugee return and compare Israel to Arabs? Do you want, again, to discuss those "professional refugees" and how they are different from all other people, including Jewish refugees?
As an Israel I can say this: banning of Israeli and Jews too(!!!) is done due to racism and hate. The banning by the USA is done for security reasons. See the difference?
&gt; Jews have indeed been continuously present in Israel for thousands of years. For a long time they were a **minority** and the land was full of Arabs. This remind me our discussion about how many criminals/enemies is "reasonable" to kill in order to save the life of one innocent fellow citizen. ... for which you never gave an answer because, again, I made you lose in your own game and views (it was Ok with you, at least, to kill 2 in order to save the life of one.) Jews were always present in the land of Israel. They were a minority, temporarily, only because they were forcefully expelled. They have been the majority again in this land for a long time, before and after Israel was reestablished in 1948. So I wrote: &gt;&gt; 1. This land is a Jewish land, for 1000s of years. After the last major occupation and the last expulsion (Roman), Jews came back and reestablished Israel. Israel was occupied and destroyed several times in the past. Always (!) Jews returned back to it and restarted it, and if the temple was destroyed, the built a new one. A third temple will be built again, soon. Any doubts with you that this is Jewish land? What's the exact "reasonable" thing for you to determine who a land belong to? Is it determined by who's the minority? Because Jews are the majority now. Is it determined by how long someone was a majority? Because Jews have been a majority for some time now, and for more than 1200 years before that. Meanwhile, there was never an Arab or "Palestine" country in this region. It was British, and before that Ottoman for a looooonnnnnggg time (Ottomans are not Arabs). Does SA belong to Africans, or white people like you? If it's Africans, why not Jews in Israel? USA, does it belong to whites or Indians? If it's Indians, why not Jews in Israel?
&gt; I would rather have one company ban Milo than the government label his speech as "hate speech" and arrest him. First, it's not one company. It's many companies: CNN, ABC, CBS, CNBC, NYT, WaPo, etc, etc. Secondly, "hate speech" and getting arrested and found guilty for it is regulated by the government. The law is clear what is hate speech: calling for killing or hurting other people... like Madonna did recently in the women's march. Do you know of anyone in the USA that was sent to jail for "hate speech" and you think they should be free? Do you think the courts in the USA find people guilty despite clear evidence they were not? No justice by the courts in the USA? Last question: why Madonna not charged with hate speech?
Israelis and Jews are being banned, always, by 16 Arab/Muslim countries. And I want to clarify: if you are even an American Jew, you are banned. This is due to racism and hate by Muslims and Arabs. Nothing to do with security against Jews/Israelis. This ban by the USA is temporary and it's for security reasons. Do you see the difference? Also, Obama banned Iraqis from entering the USA for 6 months. Before Obama, the USA banned many countries in different times due to security issues. Russians were banned for a long time. On top of that, the USA, totally justified, ban the following [list](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_barred_or_excluded_from_the_United_States) of individuals from entering the USA. Almost all of them Muslims.
But it happens again! Blatant antisemitism or "we are just anti-Zionists/Anti-Israel", politically, only by the left! FYI, the left was always anti semitic despite them supposed to be exactly the opposite. Not much anti semitism by the right today. Very rare among the right. Anti semitism is live, official and rampant by most Muslims, even Muslims in the USA. For example, Jews and Israelis are banned from entering 16 Arab/Muslim countries just due to racism and hate, not because of security concerns. It's funny because 40% of Jews are not semitic people while most Muslims and all(!) Arabs are semitic people. [Here's a picture of Hitler meeting with the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem](https://ivarfjeld.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/mufti-and-hitler.jpg) (one of the main leaders of the Muslim world back then) to discuss how to kill Jews. Forget about Jews! This whole ridiculous anti-white movement in the USA, **especially when it's by blacks**, shows one thing: the "Never Forget" thing which was still here in the USA in the late 1960s does not work even among blacks. As for gays, I don't need to explain what happened in Orlando last year and who did it.
I will even compromise if they just End the death penalty for homosexuality.
Trump already said that.
&gt; If he did he would nominate a liberal judge, but he won't. LOL!!!!!!! Darling, conservatives like Trump have nothing against gays. Actually the latest from Trump is the he want to vett out migrants and refugees who have anti-gay views. Not worried at all about reasonable conservative judges. Remember, gay marriages started under Bush.
Jews may have been in the past mostly for the Democrats, but this is changing dramatically. In any case, Jews are not "Liberals" like the crazy "Liberals" of today.
Are you kidding me? Can you find more anti-semitic stuff to post about Jews here? "Jews intend to make Europe into a mix race of Negroes and Asians to be ruled by Jews"? "Jews invited Muslims to France to destroy it because Jews can ran away to Israel"?
[relevant](https://lgbtai.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/dsc03902.jpg) What a bunch of idiots who don't even have a clue which side they are supposed to oppose and which side they are supposed to support.
As much as I know, it's case by case, for any countries. Where's the official statement from Israel that Lebanese are not allowed to enter?
Not surprised.
&gt; Jews were a minority up to 1948 in Israel/Palestine. Until they chased most of the Palestinians off the land. Because of a forced expulsion and temporary until the 1940s. Jews did not chase Arabs out of this land. Most Arabs ran away on their own. The lucky ones, stayed and became Israeli Arabs - the luckiest Arabs on earth and the only Arabs that enjoy democracy, freedom, human rights, equality and great future. True or false? And you know why the majority of people in this land are Jews? Guess!!! Because they were chased out of their homes in ALL(!) Arab countries + Europe. **Anyway, Jews will not pack and leave, so let's move on about and away from "they were or were not a majority in this land"?** On to this: &gt; #2 Jews are very tolerant of others and willing to compromise. Jews/Israel accepted the UN partition plan. Arabs did not.
No! Only a Jew hater like you will think this way and "know" what you know. As for Israel, the government and most Members of Parliament are from the moderate right. Add this to your vast "knowledge".
&gt;&gt; First, it's not one company. It's many companies: CNN, ABC, CBS, CNBC, NYT, WaPo, etc, etc. &gt;... they didn't ban Milo. LOL!!!!! **You must be from another planet if you think these media companies are not lefty propaganda outlets.** Do you really believe CNN etc will interview or report anything good about Milo, Milo from Breitbart? Or even about Trump? &gt; Except that she [Madonna] isn't going to be arrested for it. So I don't know if your point is that they are selective with who they prosecute... You really really have no idea? So I will explain to you: Anyone(!) who call to kill the president, which is ONE form of hate speech, will be arrested and charged. Am I right? Yes or no? Are you happy now that the Government regulate what you can say, in this respect? But, unless you are Madonna... because some people are above the law. And the last point is where you need to pick your fight. Not the other nonsense! &gt;&gt;Do you know of anyone in the USA that was sent to jail for "hate speech" and you think they should be free? &gt;I think that there is a difference between ... Shortly, you can't find of a single example! Not one case where the government of the USA framed someone for "hate speech" where they did not. &gt;&gt; Do you think the courts in the USA find people guilty despite clear evidence they were not? &gt;Courts find people guilty of breaking the law everyday, even if that law is unjust. Shortly, even here, you can't find an example of the systemic action by courts to put innocents in jail. **Bottom line: you need to Grow up! Check things before you make stupid claims.**
I feel so proud for being a Jew! Listening to you and your "correct" friend I now find out that Jews create everything and control everyone, even feminist women, Marxists, Communists, SJWs, the left, the right, etc, etc. Let's not forget that Jews also control the media, the financial markets, the "Palestinians", etc, etc, etc, etc. **We need real feminism! Not the Jewish invented one! We need to get women released from the tight control of Jewish men!!!!** Hold on! I found a real problem with Jews!!!!! Jews only control a small percentage of women: very few women identify themselves as feminists. Am I right or wrong? Also small percentage of people are SJWs, Marxists, Communists and all those other terrible things invented by Jews. Jews are doomed!!!!! The majority does not accept the crap invented by Jews and the control Jews try to put on everyone.
One day when Jews dig the foundation of houses in the many settlements they start in Judea and Samaria, they will find a "Palestinian" coin, with "Jerusalem the holy". Who knows, maybe they will even find the remains of an ancient mosque in that area.
But that guy on CNN, Sally Kohn, said that Sharia liberates women.
When you have based and factual critic of Jews, let me know.
"Liberals are so broadminded that they can't choose which side of a quarrel to support." ... meaning that the leaders of the Liberals choose for them, and usually choose the wrong side to support.
&gt;we do have a lot if people saying "Muslims are bad and boooh Islam." Because it's considered "hate speech". Don't dance around the topic. &gt; To your WWII comment. This was the darkest time of German History ... Which you need to avoid from ever happening again. By allowing free speech. Yes, Germans (I have many relatives in Germany) are more open than ever, but if we continue with this "hate speech" nonsense, Germany will become like Sweden. As you know, Sweden used to be the most open and free country the world. Now, a 78 years old Swedish lady is facing a lawsuit because she dared to say that Muslim urinate in the street. **What makes you sure that Germany will not becomes today's Sweden?**
&gt; I don't think an independent Palestine will be stable unless the people are prepared to look beyond their existing leadership models. Hamas will screw it up. So, do you support Hamas? Do you support the PA? If you support the PA, how different/better is the PA compared to Hamas? &gt; But with new leadership, I think Palestine could actually prosper. Totally agree with you, with ZERO chances it will happen. Opposition or democracy is not allowed or promoted by current Arab leaders.
From your sources, from 2005, 12 years ago: &gt; ruling it issued last Thursday in which it declared that the 'human shield' procedure employed by the IDF when detaining Palestinian terror suspects is illegal and violates international law. &gt; According to defense officials, the Israel Defense Forces made use of the ‘human shield’ procedure on 1,200 occasions over the last five years, and only on one occasion did a Palestinian civilian get hurt. An 18-year-old Palestinian was killed in 2002 during one such operation. Trust me: the 'human shield' used by Israel is not the real human shields used by Hamas. If Hamas uses people, children, women as human shields, and hide weapons and terrorists in civilian areas, then Israel has two choices: 1. Bomb and destroy the areas, including innocent civilians. 2. Risk lives of soldiers, going from house to house, room by room, with some protection, to minimize civilian casualties. Israel chose option 2. And if only one Arab person died with those Israeli methods, not used anymore today, for the last 12 years, what are you so complaining about? **Do you have any issues with Hamas and PA methods and how they put civilians at risk? How much much much bigger is that issue compared to Israel actions?**
Again, I said: "**Israeli Arabs** are the only ones in the whole world that enjoy real democracy, liberty, freedom, human rights, equal rights and prospects for a great future as such."
I guess you have nothing else to say to the point I made? FYI, I am not in California, most of my family was always in the USA, I own a house in Ariel, my house on my land, in Israel, I was born, raised and proudly served in the IDF, and I will retire in Israel, a country, **AS YOU CAN SEE**, I truly support and love.
&gt; She said Muslims ( which implies ALL of them). No!!!! No! Again, she did not said ALL Muslims. Look, I say "terrorist attacks are carried out by Muslims". There, I said that. Did I say all Muslims are terrorists? No. Did I say most Muslims are terrorists? No. Did I say that terrorists are Muslims? Yes. Did I say a non-Muslim cannot be a terrorist? No. Very unlikely, but it's possible. Is it true that almost all terror attacks and almost all terrorists are Muslims? Yes. Do I hate all Muslims when I said what I said? No. Now, if I work in border patrol, should I pay attention as much to a 70 years old blond Swedish lady as I pay attention to a young Muslim looking guy with a beard? &gt; I compared a personal attack to an attack of a whole group which is more damaging but most people are strangely ok with that. No. Criticism of a whole group with a valid basis for that criticism is not "damaging". It's has a very good effect on the criticized group. If certain groups are not criticized, a HUGE damage will happen to them. &gt; I was in Sweden recently.... turns out no one is shitting in the streets or burning cars its actually very clean with extremly low crime rates Not as it used to be. Stockholm, if you allow yourself to hear "hate speech", became a rape capital of Europe, not to mention Malmo, and Swedish girls are not as free to walk the streets as they used to. &gt; I know people you can only describe as Nazis, but i don't hate them. I think they are idiots and i want nothing to do with them..... Yes, you think they are idiots. You do hate them! Surely you don't love them or indifferent to them. Your approach of "I want nothing to do with them" has consequences: damage to more idiots who join the Nazis, growing ranks of Nazis with damage to society, and eventual damage to yourself of hating them but being forced to keep it to yourself. You know why Nazis exist? Because they hate, more than you, other groups you do not want to criticize. **Let me ask you: As you know, Nazis hate Jews despite Jews being one of the best and most contributing groups in society throughout history. Would you defend Jews being criticized by Nazis? If you do, do you realize what you just did?**
[Palestinian Authority Paid Over $1 Billion to Terrorists in 4 Years](http://www.thetower.org/5007-study-palestinians-authority-paid-over-1-billion-to-terrorists-in-4-years/) Trump probably yelled (!) at Abbas and said: 1. "Think for a moment on how that money could've went towards improving life in the PA!" 2. "This is not how you prepare for peace with Israel!" 3. "You will get ZERO support from the USA under Trump!" 4. "I will make the relations between Israel and Arab countries better, better than they are already, and even Arab countries will not support you (not that they actually support you now)."
The sad thing is that OP, many others, including many in this subreddit, actually believe in what is said in this "article". Even much worse: the article is published by the Jewish Forward, which breeds self-hating Jews who hate Israel more than even Arabs hate Israel. Far worst than Haaretz. Bottom line: many haters of Israel are not because of anything Israel done wrong. It's a psychological political thing based on wild imagination.
&gt; I would have voted Hamas Wow! And you dare to complain and criticize Israel for "war crimes" and "human rights violations"? You! A Christian Arab? You would vote for Hamas because Hamas would be good for Christians? &gt; because Fatah was so unsuccessful in winning Palestinian independence. And you really really think that Hamas will win independence? Using force? How are they doing so far? &gt; Fatah did everything that Israel demanded... LOL!!!! I can't believe that you believe that... **I am sorry to tell you, but from what I just heard from you, your hate for Israel drives your decisions and views more than common sense.** 1. Hamas or using force to get independence is 100% guarantee to fail: the local Arabs don't have a single plane, cannon, tank or radar. Just to think that, despite that, they will win a war against Israel, a country with one of the best armies in the whole world, is crazy! Crazy!!!! Crazy! 2. How many more proofs or "experiments" you need to try win wars against Israel when all of them, All of them(!), so far failed? 3. So the only route is diplomacy. Hamas is totally not about this way. 4. PA only pretends it's willing to negotiate but it's really a slight improvement over Hamas, albeit most local Arabs support Hamas over the PA and hence the PA never tried elections. You are right! Zero accomplishments this way. 5. I was a typical local Arab, who hates Israel and does not know why, I would do a better job at pretending to negotiate peace and get my smaller-than-I-wish state. Then, I can build it and get an army to start a war against Israel... with a very slight chance I may win... and almost guaranteed chance to lose everything. 5. If I was a reasonable sane Arab, I would know that Israel is the best thing that ever happened to the local Arabs, and will be glad to agree and start my state with great relationships and peaceful approach with Israel. **I can't think of anything bad that can happen to me, to my nation and the future for my kids will come out of that.
I really don't know what's wrong with you. I have never lived in California. I live in NJ. You like to insist on things that simply not true. &gt; You'll eventually be living in Palestine [because I own a house in Ariel]. Can I negotiate peace with you, because, oh no, I don't want to live in a "Palestine" instead of Israel? For a true peace, I am willing to dismantle Ariel and give up my house. Really!!! Chances of this are zero. So, when there's an agreement, I will live in Ariel, Israel! Then, 50-100 years later, if it's a true peace, my son or grandson, including the local Arabs, would not care if it's Israel or "Palestine". Why? Remember: I live comfortably now in the USA because I am safe as a Jew and Israeli in that country.
LOL!!!! So because supposedly Israel "did not keep a promise to Fatah", you will: 1. Vote for Hamas which is the enemy of your own people. 2. You hope Hamas will use force to make Israel do what was promised to Fatah, **even though Hamas hates Fatah and does not agree to that promise** ?!?!?! Are you serious? You again and again and again prove that all your views and approach is based on hate to Israel and not what make sense, or what is good for your own people, or what is practical, or what has any possibility to accomplish anything.
I totally agree. Israel: already exists. Gaza: Is controlled by a terrorist organization called Hamas. Gaza and WB do not like each other. Each has its own leaders. No chance they will ever unify. **So, since at least 99% of Egyptians and Israel do not want Gaza to EVER(!), NEVER(!) be part of their country, you could have a Gaza country since 1967. One condition: be nice neighbors to Egypt and Israel. They don't! So, blockade by both Egypt and Israel until they grow up.** My estimate, at least 100 years from now. WB: once they actually want to live in harmony with Jews (Hebron) and next to Jews (settlements and Israel itself) they can have their own country there. Israel already officially offered more than 90% of the land to them. So, like in Gaza, when they are ready, they will have their country there. My estimate, at least 50-100 years from now.
LOL!!!!!! 1. The land never belonged to a "Palestine", because "Palestine" is a country that never ever existed. Never ever existed! 2. The land of Ariel was never owned by Arabs. Not a single Arab can come and say the land belong to him/her. Neither any Arab or "Palestinian" organization can claim the land belonged to them. 3. The land definitely belongs to Israel, Israel that existed since 1200BC until 10AD and today. 4. It belongs and part of today's Israel. Israeli laws in effect. 5. The land was and is Jewish, even if Israel temporarily was destroyed by the Romans. 6. It's not illegal settlement. At best, some Arabs dispute that this land belongs to Jews or Israel. **There are more valid and proven claims by Jews that ALL the land belongs to Israel.** 8. I bought the land and I own the land. My land. I have documents to prove it. 9. The house is mine. My house. I have documents to prove it. So you have 2 choices now: accept that Ariel is part of Israel and live in peace next to it, or not. If your choice is the 2nd choice, good luck with your quest to make Ariel part of "Palestine". P/S: Never mind Ariel! Forget about Jerusalem ever to be a capital of a "Palestine" or even partially belonging to a "Palestine". **P/S2: As I wrote before, several times, I am willing to give up my land and house for a true peace with the local Arabs. I really am! Lucky for me, the chances I or Israel will be convinced the local Arabs are interested in peaceful life next to Israel are ZERO.** We already dismantles settlements for "peace" with Egypt and for "no peace" with Gaza. We learned the lesson.
Rawabi is only because Qatar invested in it. Not the PA... who wasted $1Billion on "salaries" for families of terrorists. This to show that leaders of the local Arabs are not interested in better conditions for their own people. Actually the opposite: if you check, Rawabi was criticized and worked against by the local Arabs and their leaders. Anyway, I am very very glad about Rawabi. I hope the local Arabs, like Israel, will continue to take empty land and build, develop, promote business, technology, employment, etc. **That's how you build a country! Tel Aviv was built, on sand, out of nothing, before Israel existed.**
&gt; As she walked down Greek Street around 12:15am on March 20 she was approached by three Asian men. Probably those Asian men were Japanese, or Koreans, or Filipinos, or Indians.
Things are very "useless" for you when they are plain truth. Yes, it would be better for you without them. Is the Palestinian Women's Center donated by the UN and Norway named after an anti-Semitic murderess?
A 1958 BMW Isetta would be better.
Bottom line: parents who don't care about their own kids. They don't even care when told that the name of their kids will be listed. I would add the pictures of the parents to the list. In any case, if we do not list the kids names, even more kids will not pay.
I don't think we need "plans". Instead we need time. No more than 50-100 years, which nothing in the pages of history. Nothing. Let's be real, practical, logical and prudent! We have two Arab areas, each with it own "leader", each hates each other, unelected, totally corrupt (PA) or terrorist (PA &amp; Gaza), who will not allow any difference of opinion among their people, or peace movement among their people. We have no clue who is the leader of the local Arabs! Do the current "leaders" represent their people? Do they represent what their people would FREELY agree to. Any reason to trust those current leaders? Give me a break! If Abbas sign a plane with Israel, will Hamas accept it too? Are you kidding me? What's the rush for "peace"? Is there a real peace between Israel and any Arab/Muslim country, including Egypt and Jordan? What's the rush to create a "Palestine" country? Will it give its citizens democracy, rights, freedom, liberty and great leadership that tries to better their situation and develop the country to compete in the world? Like Israel? The current situation is not bad at all, and it's actually improving slowly. One of the two Arab areas tried two Intifadas against Israel with total failure. Will they try a 3rd one? Do any people get killed today? People are hungry? Do Israelis "suffer" because of no peace? Do the Arabs "suffer" because of no peace? **The only plan is for Israel to make gradual small changes as conditions allow until the Arab side is ready for peace.** The Arabs will be ready for peace and want peace eventually! Nothing is genetically wrong with Arabs!!!! Free to choose and think, Arabs know what's best for them, nothing is wrong with Jews and Israel and there are far more important things in life for their nation than argue about small pieces of land. Ask the Israeli Arabs and they will tell them.
Sadly, you are you right, and proven right over and over for many many years.
It's an old political game against Israel, for "Palestinians", by countries who don't care at all about "Palestinians", where the "Palestinians" are used as pawns against Israel and get hurt much more than Israel, mostly have no chance to have a better future for themselves until this game stops by the people who use them. And, yes, it's just a game. Just a game. In reality, as a result of this game, Israel is viewed much better and is supported by more people than those who play the game.
&gt; Is a guy stabing a Muslim because he thinks he defends his country a terror attack ? What about a Muslim stabing a guy because he thinks they destroy his culture ? To me both are acts of terror ! Well, the only question is about "cause and effect" and quantity. Do you think a rightwing would attack Muslims if they did not attack westerners? Do you think rightwing attacks are more than Muslim attacks? Are they even 1% of all attacks and harm? **What would happen if Muslims would never get attacked in Germany, even if they attack Germans?** (Check history books for the answer.) &gt; E.g. i have nothing against refugees BUT they making terrorist attacks rape our women and are highly unhygienic by shitting in the streets" That is a 1a grade hate speech and pretty much your opinion as far as understood you. Who said I have nothing against refugees? Of course I am against accepting "refugees": hardly any of the "refugees" are from the Syrian war. Almost all of them are economic migrants from mostly countries which are not Syria. Accepting refugees hurt them more than help, because instead of trying to fight their oppressors or try to improve their situation in their location, they take the easy choice of running away and making the situation even worst in their homeland. You never heard about foreign aid? You need to take people into your country instead of aiding them in their country? Note: if tomorrow, a catastrophe happens in Chile or Italy or Kenya, I will be glad to take as many of them into Germany because, for sure, they will try and succeed to integrate into the German society, customs and way of life. No chance they will start terror attacks against Germans and Sharia courts. &gt; Please try to see that such things are damaging to the society and lead to mobs with pitchforks trying to restore "order". Prevention is the best medicine! Why, to begin with, cause damage to society and many problems by accepting ill-fit immigrants? **You are the one that is not open minded!** You see all the problems, caused only by refugees, and you want more refugees. Sorry to say that, but you are brainwashed. Please reply, I asked several times: &gt; I say "terrorist attacks are carried out by Muslims" ... **Do you think I think all Muslims are terrorists?**
Both Hamas and Fatah are illegitimate because they never freely and democratically elected by their people. Even the PLO. In comparison, Israel was a democracy from day one, and before that it had many many competing organization and movements. &gt; There is shady history going on which allows Palestinians to de divided.... Probably. If I was Israel, I would be very glad of current situation. I am almost sure that Abbass is an Israeli agent, at least 90% sure, and I would not be surprised at all if the Hamas leader is also an Israeli agent. Yes, if I was Israel, I would actively try to make sure no "moderate" leader for the Arabs. Would you blame Israel for that? Time is totally on the side of Israel. Totally. God forbid for Israel if the Arabs had reasonable leaders. Boy, Israel would be in real real trouble. Not because Israel is not the right side of things, but because most of the world would cave in to the much larger Muslim and Arab population. **In 70 years, since 1948, or 50 years, since 1967, the Arab managed to have exactly ZERO, NADA, accomplishments!** Tell me of one accomplishment for the "Palestinians" in the last 70 years! It's amazing and extremely hard to do: 70 years of working on something with ZERO accomplishments? &gt; what New Political Theories can we design to fix this region as Plan C-Z? Look, this conflict between the Arabs and Jews is actually very simple to solve. First, Gaza: since at least 99% of Egyptians and Israelis do not want this land to ever and never(!!!) belong to their country, the local Arabs over there could have a country there, "Palestine", since 1967. One condition: be nice neighbors to Egypt and Israel. That's it. One condition. I don't care what and how they run their country there. But they don't want to be nice neighbors!!! So, Egypt and Israel will blockade them until they grow up. Secondly, Judea/Samaria: plenty of land that Jews do not want. Israel officially offered more than 90% of the land to the Arabs. In any case, the Arabs there must be willing to live in peace next to Jews (Israel and settlements) and with Jews (Hebron, etc). If Israelis can live very nicely with more than a million Israeli-Arabs, they can do it too. Forget the idea of ethnically cleansed land, cleansed out Jews for the Arabs. Border lines is not an issue. Arabs countries are used to strange borders. Here's [a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrJSdYCkoWk&amp;t=81s) about the borders between Oman and UAE. Jerusalem: Was, is and will be completely the capital of Israel. Jerusalem have nothing to do with Islam. Not mentioned once in the Q'ran, Muhammad never been there, nothing Islamic happened in Jerusalem, etc. This is another pure political game, 100s of years old, since the Arab invasion to Israel in the 7th century, on the backs of the poor local Arabs and Muslims to fight Jews for no reason.
Please tell about Islamic terror attacks in the west before 1964, when the PLO, more or less, was established.
&gt; resistance to ~100 years long colonization and oppression Darling, as you know, Jews, in Israel, were a subject to 2000 years of colonizations and oppression, including by Arabs since the Arab invasion in the 7th century. Please tell us and compare for us, in general, the terrorist attacks by Jews compared to terrorist attacks by Arabs over this. Let's use scales to make it short: if "0" is for not a single act of violence, and "100" is non-stop killing and attacks, how are Jews versus Arabs when it comes to "resistance" to "colonization and oppression"? Looking forward to hear about two numbers from you.
&gt; You said all terrorists are Muslims, which is not true at all because most acts of terror comes from right winged population Let's keep it simple instead of a lengthy argument: how many Muslim terrorist attacks in the last year versus right wing? And, I am going to ask again: please tell us about a right wing "terrorist" attack against **general** civilians. &gt;&gt;"Do you think a rightwing would attack Muslims if they did not attack westerners? Do you think rightwing attacks are more than Muslim attacks? Are they even 1% of all attacks and harm?". &gt; THIS IS THE CORE PROBLEM I AM TALKING ABOUT. THIS IS WHY MILLIONS OF GERMANS SLAUGHTERED THE JEWISH POPULATION. THIS IS THE RESULT OF HATE SPEECH AND HARD RIGHT PROPAGANDA. &gt; Swap jew with muslim!!! Wow! I agree with you that TRUE Hate Speech, by Hitler and his movement, made one of the most cultural and educated group of people into monsters against Jews. Despite Jews being exact opposite of what they were portrayed in that hate speech. Now, when I say "Muslims are terrorists", and other things against Muslims, do you think I have no basis for my "hate speech"? And do I call to "exterminate and kill all the Muslims? Does anyone call for actions against ALL(!) Muslims? &gt; The crime rate of the refugees is actually a bit lower then the rate of the rest of the population, so not big a problem. &gt; The overall crime rate rise significantly though since the start of the refugees crisis as a result of massive right wing activity. &gt; Needles to say that the actual crime rate if jews in Germany was no different then the non jew crime rate just as it is now with muslims. That's not true!!!! Refugees do more crime than Germans, I can prove it to you, and you blame Germans for crimes actually done by Muslims. You even go to the extra step to claim that Jews will be as criminal as Germans and refugees, which is not true. Never was true. Here's the problem: you really really really want to believe that Jews, Germans and Muslims are same. This is not true. Check the news and statistics. Japan, Norway, Hungary, Poland, etc accept zero refugees and look at the problems they have with crime, especially with the Jews among them.
I forgot to share with you the latest news [62-Year-Old German Woman Fined over 1,000 Euros for Sharing Anti-Migrant Joke Online](http://www.breitbart.com/london/2017/06/04/62-year-old-german-woman-fined-1000-euros-sharing-anti-migrant-joke-online/) &gt; A 62-year-old German woman has been fined 1,350 euros by the government after she shared and liked an anti-migrant joke picture on her Facebook page. The 62-year-old Berlin resident Jutta B. from Lichtenberg was arrested and had her home raided by police after she shared a picture on Facebook entitled, “Do you have anything against refugees?” For sharing the picture, which included disparaging comments about migrants, the woman was sentenced to a 1,350 euro fine, German newspaper Berliner Morgenpost reports. **Germans are so happy and free in their own safe and tolerant country!**
Are you serious with this "justification" for using a Syrian picture instead of a Gazan picture? Are we in 2014 or 2017?
The story is that YOUR posts makes absolutely no sense. You say: &gt; what palestinian terror? And I think even Hamas and the PA can answer that question for you.
Did you understand my question? I did not ask about the PLO!!! Again, I asked: &gt; find examples of Arab / Muslim terrorist attacks against Westerners before 1964.
[Po­li­zei­li­che Kri­mi­nal­sta­tis­tik und Fall­zah­len Po­li­tisch Mo­ti­vier­te Kri­mi­na­li­tät 2015 vor­ge­stellt](http://www.bmi.bund.de/SharedDocs/Pressemitteilungen/DE/2016/05/pks-und-pmk-2015.html) Bottom line: without migrants considered, crime rates in Germany would have remained roughly static since 2014. But, in fact, the country recorded an extra 402,741 crimes committed by migrants.
Sure! If I joke about immigrants, I will cause "harm" to society or Germany.
LOL!!!! A BBC report about "hate crime" only listing attacks on migrants, but does not list attacks on Germans. **Bottom line: Germany needed those migrants like it needed a bullet in its head. Meanwhile, Japan, Poland, Hungary, Norway, etc have not issue to deal with and they are doing just fine.**
Just remember: threats to democracy and dictatorship come when you bring population that does not believe in democracy, tolerance, freedom and equal rights and try to "integrate" it into you society. **NOT A SINGLE ARAB OR MUSLIM country in the world is a democracy!** What do you think about that?
LOL!!!!!
No kidding!
Read again. Crime rate is the same IF you do not consider migrants' crime.
Huh?
No. I am saying that the PLO gave many "ideas" for Islamists and changed how Muslims/Arabs interact with the West.
With all due respect, your messages are getting more and more ridiculous. &gt;&gt;Jews are Jews, same as Jews from 100 years ago, 1000 years ago, 2000 years ago and 3200 years ago. &gt; how did you come to that conclusion? Are you serious? Are you going to argue with Jews, that they are not Jews? Do you think there are no more Jews in the world? And if there are Jews in the world, they are not related to Jews of ancient Israel? **Are you one of those in this subeditt who said to me "All Jews in Israel became Palestinians!"?** Yes, someone said that here. Desperate and absurd attempts to avoid the facts and history for the idea that this land is ONLY for "Palestinians". &gt;&gt; Trust me: you don't want to even try a "scientific" exploration of who's a real Jew, who is not, who is "Palestinian" and who is not. &gt; i want people who have nothing to do with the place to stop fucking telling people who do that they are the real natives and that they belong to the place. Who are those "people who have nothing to do with the place"? Oh, so you are one of those who says "No Jews!" **Darling, your idea of ethnic cleansing, that this land is only for "Palestinians" and no Jews, is very unimpressive. BUT, GO AHEAD AND CONTINUE to pursue this idea.** Israel is 70 years old, with plenty of Jews, and even 2000 years ago, we did not need approval from anyone that we exist and that this land is our land. &gt;&gt; It's a fact with countless of historical, archeological, sociological and other proofs accepted by almost everyone, including many many Muslims and Arabs. &gt; a proof of what? Guess!!!! Guess what proofs prove. &gt; can you follow your own fucking argument for just a minute? No! Not for you! &gt; i don't want anything to do with palestine, it's their business. That's a lie. You are not even embarrassed to lie to yourself about yourself. &gt; israel's business is only to step off their neck. if they'll ask for help, then help, otherwise fuck off. Oh no!!! You really really make me scared! I and all the Jews are going to pack and leave now.
&gt; you are actually too fucking retarded ... i use this term often when i describe random rightwingers just for kicks, but you actually deserve this one for real. Almost everyone here think exactly that about you, and if they don't, they will, 2 seconds after reading the crazy views you have. Israel was here, is here and will be here with millions of Jews. I hope this will help your mental health.
It's not only among the Arabs and Muslims, Israel and outside Israel. On a weekly basis, we hear about similar Muslim "religious leaders" who preach hate against Jews, and Christians in European countries and other Western places. These are the European countries that fine or send their own citizens to jail "hate speech" against Muslims. But, oh no, they will not dare to fine, deport or send to jail the Muslim preachers. Examples: #Germany: On one hand: "Last Friday, Sheikh Abu Bilal Ismail, speaking at the Al Nur mosque in Berlin, called upon Allah to “destroy the Zionist Jews,” according to a translation of his speech by the pro-Israel group MEMRI. “Count them and kill them to the very last one,” said the sheikh. “Don’t spare a single one of them….Make them suffer terribly.” On the other hand: "A 62-year-old German woman has been fined 1,350 euros by the government after she shared and liked an anti-migrant joke picture on her Facebook page. The 62-year-old Berlin resident Jutta B. from Lichtenberg was arrested and had her home raided by police after she shared a picture on Facebook entitled, “Do you have anything against refugees?” For sharing the picture, which included disparaging comments about migrants, the woman was sentenced to a 1,350 euro fine, German newspaper Berliner Morgenpost reports." #Canada: On one hand: "In a sermon delivered at the Dar al-Arqam mosque in Montreal, Canada on December 23, 2016, Jordanian cleric Sheikh Muhammad bin Musa Al Nasr described Jews as “the most evil of mankind” and “human demons,” and quoted a passage from the hadith that calls for killing Jews." On the other hand: "If you commit the crime of sexual assault in Canada, are tried, convicted and sentenced, your average time in jail will be about two months. But if you hand out fliers that are mean to the religion of Islam, you will serve nine months in jail. That’s what Eric Brazau served as a result of a recent sentence."
&gt; does conversion to Judaism now mean her ancestors came from the middle east? Of course not. She's a Jew and Jews' homeland is Israel. Was Yasser Arafat a "Palestinian"? Let's see: he was born in Cairo. His father was born in Gaza, and left Gaza before Yasser was born. His father's mother is an Egyptian. For me, Yasser claimed he's a "Palestinian" and I am not going to argue about this.
Whatever! Negotiations are tough. But you, a peace-loving Christian Arab, who cares so much for human rights and innocents being killed, you would vote Hamas? In the hope that Hamas will use FORCE and KILLING to get a peace? The peace that Fatah wanted? Or the peace which according to Hamas is a total destruction of Israel and "Kill all the Jews"? So I will say one more time, and, PLEASE, get your act together: &gt; You again and again and again prove that all your views and approach is based on hate to Israel and not what make sense, or what is good for your own people, or what is practical, or what has any possibility to accomplish anything.
No. If there are free elections and majority of Israelis (Jews and Arabs) voted for it and majority of Arabs outside Israel voted for it, I will totally accept it. This is what democracy is all about. Sometimes the leader elected is not who I voted for. I don't understand the purpose of this question.
&gt; The United Nations recognized the PLO, with Mohammed al-Qudwa as its leader, as the "sole legitimate representative of the Palestinian people". The Organization of Islamic Conference (as the Organization of Islamic Cooperation was then called) anointed al-Qudwa as the permanent co-President. LOL!!!!! The UN and Organization of Islamic decide for people who are their leaders. Never mind the Org of Islamic, but the UN, which is a joke by itself, should be interested in democratic election by people for who's their leader. What a perfect pair! &gt; All that sounds pretty Democratic. Absolutely not!!!!!! &gt; Elections are not the sole source of legitimacy for political leadership in the Muslim world. No kidding!!!!! Actually, there are no democratic elections in ALL(!) the Muslim and Arabs countries. All of them! &gt; What other system do you suggest for international relations other than dealing with the actual governments that exist in foreign lands? Let me explain it to you this way: Assad is the leader of Syria. Do you think Israel should sign a peace treaty with Assad because he represents the Syrians? Let me explain in one more way: Do you think Israel should sign a peace treaty with Abbas of the PA who is not elected because he represents all the local Arabs, including those under Hamas, elected by them, Hamas who does not agree with the PA? **Who do you think is representing all the "Palestinians"?** Abbas? Hamas? Muhammad al-Qudwa? And if you know who's their leader, surely he/she can win an elections among all of them. In my opinion, only democratically elected leaders are legitimate leaders of their people. Won't hurt anyone to demand elections among the "Palestinians" to find out who they think is their leader. **What's next? The UN can also remove leaders? Will the UN remove Assad as the leader of Syria?**
Not again! How many times do I have to repeat it? &gt; The [democracy index](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democracy_Index) clearly shows that Norway is #1, USA is #21, Israel is #29, and best in the Arab/Muslim world is Indonesia at #48. &gt; 1. Indonesia is far far from being a democracy. Try to start a Christian party over there or any kind of "opposition" party. &gt; 2. Israel is a democracy from day 1. It never "became" a democracy like most democratic countries in the world. Israel should be ranked higher than the USA, but do to "political reasons" related to "occupation", it's ranked lower than the USA. &gt; **Seriously! You know how bad democracy is among Arabs and Muslims! So why are you defending them in this regard? I wish that you realize how Israel is much better and you put your efforts on Arabs and Muslims to learn from Israel and the Jews.**
&gt; [Hamas and PA fight inside Israel] is for the reversal of the Zionist project. Wow!!!!! I never thought about it! You are 1,000,000,000% correct! Jews build, invent, reclaim... and they want "Destroy Israel!". This is really really true!
&gt; There are Western Interests to keep Levant and Arabia Peninsula destabilized.... Absolutely not! All the efforts to destabilize the area are by Arab countries... up until recently: 1. Using "Palestinians/Palestine" as pawns and excuse for war with Israel: Arab countries never cared about "Palestinians". They actually occupied the land given to them by the UN. 2. Support for Hamas (Qatar, etc) and Hezbolah (Iran, etc.) 3. Endless wars between Arab countries. Almost no Arab country is friendly with all or most other Arab countries. Just yesterday, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, etc removed their diplomatic relations with Qatar. Iraq/Iran wars, Lebanon civil war, Syria/Lebanon war, Saudi/Yemen war, Egypt/Libya wars, etc, etc. But, yes, recently, I see active efforts by the USA to destabilize the area: killing Qaddafi in Libya, not supporting Mubarak in Egypt which caused a disastrous "Arab spring" in Egypt and a crazy Muslim got elected, only that, THANKS GOD(!!!!!), the Army took over. Instead of supporting Assad in Syria, they support the "rebels". But either it's efforts by the USA to destabilize, or incompetence about foreign matters by Obama/Clinton. &gt; Muslims just dont agree with Zionism which is the root of the issues. No! The issue is Muslim no liking Jews for 100s years. But they have no choice: Israel was there, Israel is there now, Israel will be here for eternity. Deal with it like a grown up!
&gt;&gt;What is ISIS fighting for in the area of Iraq? &gt; "fighting for...." the establishment of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Like what Muslims fights for in the UK? An Islamic state? &gt;&gt;Iraq is an Arab/Muslim countries, am I right? &gt; Yes though that is is simplification. Do you mean an Islamic government? You should know that there are Christians and Muslims living in Iraq. Honestly, Iraq, also Syria, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, etc, is based on lines drawn in the sand by the British. Those countries never ever existed before. In reality, Iraq should be 20 countries for the 20 tribes that hate each other in the area of Iraq. Probably a Babylon in the south, Assyria in the west, Kurdistan in the north, etc, etc. Similarly, Syria should be 3 countries, at least: Sunni country in the east, an Alawite country in the north west and a Christian country in the south. **Anyway, since these countries are made of people who hate each other: perfect for ISIS.** &gt;&gt;Why did ISIS go from Indonesia to occupy a city in Philippines? &gt; It didn't. These are were grassroots sleeper cells created by Indonesian natives. No matter how you put it, it's Indonesian Muslims occupying a city in the Philippines. No ISIS in Indonesia? &gt;&gt; What is Hamas and PA fight for inside Israel? &gt;They're not fighting inside Israel. They're fighting inside Gaza, the West Bank, and East Jerusalem which are occupied Palestinian territories. You are 100% correct that they are now MOSTLY fighting inside Gaza and inside the West Bank. Abbas last week decided he's not paying the salaries of Hamas people. They ALSO fight Israel, **inside** Israel! Are you trying to say that Israelis in Tel-Aviv, Sderot, etc can sleep peacefully in the night?
&gt;&gt; Like what Muslim fights for in the UK? An Islamic state? &gt; I don't think that they're fighting for an Islamic State in the UK but perhaps I misunderstood you. It seems that they're fighting to convince the UK government to change it's policies concerning events in the Mid East or as retaliation for UK involvement in said events. Lucky for you, I am at work and can't write at length. But I had to say one quick thing: you may want to believe that Muslims in the UK don't want Islamic State over there, but "convincing" the UK government to change something is done the British way and not the Muslim way (i.e. voting instead of killing pedestrians).
&gt; these countries cannot be divided into dozens of smaller autonomous nations. UAE? Of course you can divide countries and countries can be as small as Monaco and Lichtenstein. Politicians don't like the idea because it solve problems and then there's no need for politicians. &gt;&gt;No matter how you put it, it's Indonesian Muslims occupying a city in the Philippines. No ISIS in Indonesia? &gt; No, ISIS definitely exists in Indonesia in the form that I previously mentioned. If those sleeper cells banded together and agreed that they are ISIS then....they are ISIS. ISIS HQ in Iraq and Syria certainly won't dispute their claims as it works to their benefit. Trust me: it was ISIS and not "native Indonesians" as you claimed below. Anyway, Filipinos are NOW(!) not so politically correct, and with very little patience, lucky for us. They will destroy and exterminate any Muslim in Mindanao that has any slight sympathy for this. From my perspective, I would not be bothered if they kill hundred of thousands such Muslims. &gt;&gt; They fight Israel, inside Israel. Are you trying to say that Israelis in Tel-Aviv, Sderot, etc can sleep peacefully in the night? &gt; ... However, if you're talking about rockets from Gaza, yes those are a problem and certainly a threat to the people of Tel Aviv, Sderot, etc. But I don't think that Tel Aviv is a battleground like Gaza or Jenin or Nablus. Just the fact that they tried to bomb Tel Aviv is a tell tell of what they really want, as clearly expressed in their charter. And Tel-Aviv is the biggest battle ground they hope for.
Yes, that explains a lot! Muslims see huge opportunity in the UK (France and even Germany too!) because the British think Muslims are right and the British deserve what is inflicted on them. I am sure that if the UK try appeasement, there will be no more Islamists' actions there. Sure thing. In comparison, in Poland, Norway, Japan, Hungary, where ZERO immigration allowed of Muslims, not so much of an opportunity. Not interesting countries, very boring countries with no exciting things happening. China that literarily oppresses its Muslim population does not deserve much interest or "retributions" either. It's clear what will happen if you tried. In India, with great freedom of religion and democracy, not much action for quite a while: trained by the majority to think carefully about "cause" and "effect". Russia: despite terrible actions against Muslims and Muslim countries, not much actions by them lately. Similar training.
&gt; Maybe u want to blame other Jewish Tribes in Arabia for it No. Jews can't and should not be blamed for what Muhammad and Muslims did to them. Neither MANY MANY MANY other groups of people.
&gt; Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Monday that Israel will maintain security control over all of the West Bank, with or without a peace agreement with the Palestinians. And Gaza too!!!!! And security control even over an independent "Palestine". And trust me, just like the case of Gaza, where Egypt **totally(!!!) collaborate** with Israel over the blockade on Gaza, Jordan would be **much(!!!!) much(!) more eager to collaborate** with Israel over a weapons blockade over "Palestine" in the WB. I don't have a single doubt about this.
Ok. So, something a bit more milder?
Target is a supermarket?
So, think about it: if there were no supermarkets in French mall, will the malls be more busy? And you just proved my point: if the French malls allowed bakeries, artisan food stores, fruit and vegetable stands, and typical "street market" stores, they will be totally full.
No! Every 2 minutes spent in planning, saves 4 minutes in execution, and hours in later fixes, adjustments, overhead, support, etc. I would add to the beginning: "Every minute spent with research and communicating with all stakeholders saves 2 minutes of planning..."
You can make $100/hr if you also get naked. And I am sure that to get $30/hr or $100/hr, you will need to schedule the girls for appointments in specific times. Girls love that!!!! Especially the 7:00AM appointment.
"Sometimes", "not all the stores" and "yes" in one sentence? You are always, and not all the times, and sometimes, know what you are talking about.
So again, is Target a supermarket or not? What are you trying to insist on?
??? China is not attacked by Muslims, despite. End of story.
Absolutely not. If you were born before 1948 during the British mandate, you and my mother (Jewish, born in Tel Aviv) would have "[British] Palestine" as the birthplace in the birth certificate. Between 1948 and 1967, you were born in Jordan or Egypt. After 1967...
&gt; At one point, there was no Israel. There **WAS** always(!) Israel, well, since 1200BC. Actually the first and only country in the area was and is Israel. Never ever was there a "Palestine" country in this area or any other country. So I can say it "there was never ever a country called Palestine". What you are trying to say is that Israel was not a country between 10AD and 1948... because it was destroyed and occupied. **Do you how many countries in the world were destroyed and occupied only to later restart again? Czech republic, for example, was occupied by Germany, and then by the USSR. Will you say "at one point, there was no Czech Republic"? &gt; At one point, there was no China. China, like Israel, was the only country ever in the area. China occupied Tibet recently. So, would you say "at one point, there was no Tibet"?
&gt; It might be nice to bar the publication of abjectly false statements. ... determined by whom? If you make a false statement, e.g. what you said few days ago that the KGB invented Zionism in 1949, I simply prove you wrong (1st ZIONIST Congress in 1897 with Theodore Herzl in Basel) and that's it. Or do you prefer that someone would determine what is false statements and bar you? Shortly, do you want censorship?
I am fine with the rules and I think the mods do excellent work. My only comment/wish: apply rules only after/when someone press the "Report" button. I personally don't mind if someone breaks some of the rules with me as I don't get "offended" and "insulted". I can deal with such people very very well.
Ok, I am really sorry. I was under the impression you accept the idea that Zionism was invented in 1949. &gt; I'm not talking about taking down posts that have outlandish or even undefendable opinions, but instead posts that contain outright falsehoods. For example, if someone were to claim that the Israeli government did not launch a surprise attack against Egypt in 1967. Trust me! If some "outright falsehoods" are barred, some or even more other "falsehoods" will be barred too. Look, if indeed it's an "outright falsehood" then it's VERY easy to prove it, embarrass the OP and even teach them some reality and truth. I would not even get upset of such "outright falsehoods" because I can easily show they are falsehoods. The real issue is those less clear falsehoods and claims that are harder to prove wrong or convince the OP about their falsehoods.
&gt; u assume Muslims did x,y,z because of ur Jewish Heritage? No. Muslims do what they do because that's what their religious leaders tell them to do. They do it especially towards Jews, like the Christians in the past, because Jews are easy target.
The whole purpose of IT is save costs, automate things and make the company more competitive in the digital age. IT is not "cost center"! If you really want to see costs rising, and profits going down, then stop any new IT development. The fact is that there's constantly more and more new IT development work for only one reason: ROI.
&gt; IT will never make Home Depot or Lowes profit because they don't sell IT. It is a cost center. Really? If I buy from their on-line store, who should be credited for making the sale and profit? The Sales department? The Marketing Department? Or the IT department that provided the system, web-design and artwork to make the sale? What's next? Research and Development is a cost center too? Maybe we should outsource them to cheaper researchers? How about the Buyers and procurement department? Does any sales somehow connected to their effort? **Top management wants you to believe that everyone is "Cost Center" except management. Ask them, and they will tell you that even the customer service and sale people on in the store are also "cost center".** If anything, IT and only IT reduces costs, reduce the manpower, reduce the overhead and bring more sales opportunities with the new digital frontier for sales. If you don't think so, then, fine! Hire the cheapest IT people, or, why even bother? Stop any new development in the IT department.
You are wrong! Islamic terrorists organizations do not care about the "plight of the Palestinian people." Absolutely not. Neither do almost all Arab and Muslim countries. The "plight of the Palestinian people" is a better excuse than saying "we hate Jews and Westerners!" Good example is Osama Bin-Laden: kills 2000 Americans and explains that the first reason for that is "plight of Palestinians". Only Hamas and PA care about the "plight of the Palestinian people", but they care more about oppressing them to be in power over them, rather then provide them with better conditions, freedom and rights.
I am an mba and a top IT manager for many years for a medium $3B company. What they teach you in business school is many times either theoretical or not what happens in the real world. So, yes, many mangers think IT=costs with no returns. My company, who used to be only $200M 10 years ago, thinks and knows the correct thing. And we are not a software company.
You are getting swept away, excagerate and too extreme about what you think I say. So, let me clarify. There's nothing genetically or mentally wrong with Muslims or people who believe in Islam. I have no doubt that many many of them will never hurt anyone, including Jews and, further, they have nothing against Jews or Judaism. I work and friend with several of them. What I am saying is that many other Muslims, and I think it's about 60% of them overall, due to terrible religious leadership, are real true haters of Jews, Judaism and Israel. Those same Muslim haters mostly also hate other religions and westerners. They also hate other Muslims too: gays Muslims, liberal Muslims, etc. I don't want even to discuss how they treat women. Don't be so defensive about this! Not long time ago, Christians acted similarly. So, all the issues are because of terrible Muslim religious leaders and Muslim political leaders. I am sure that Islam will have its own Martin Luther (Christianity) or Hillel (Judaism, 2000 years ago) that will bring the religion to a modern, true and correct approach towards tolerance of others and humane treatment of any person, human rights. &gt;&gt;&gt;u assume Muslims did x,y,z because of ur Jewish Heritage? &gt;&gt; No. Muslims do what they do because that's what their religious leaders tell them to do. They do it especially towards Jews, like the Christians in the past, because Jews are easy target. &gt; what ur saying is wrong and u know it?!?!?! What I said is the ugly truth and it's 100% correct, proven on a daily basis!!!! &gt; if what u claim is true? Explain Suadi, Jordan, Morroco, other Muslim countries who have close ties with Israel? As I said, many Muslims know the truth, the true way, the humane way and the correct way. Never mind Morocco, Egypt and Jordan! There are more than a million Israeli Muslim Arabs inside Israel who live in peace and happy with Jews, and vice versa. More and more of Israeli Arab Muslims serve in the Israeli army to defend their beloved country of Israel against other Arabs and Muslims who don't know better. **Think about this example: Iran and Israel had great relationship and I remember Israel soccer teams playing against Iranian teams, in Iran and in Israel. Persia was always very tolerant of Jews and other minorities. Why? Because their leaders, from Xerex (500 BC) and through the great Shah of Iran where enlightened and humane. Great nation! Then, in 1979, Islamists took control and look what suddenly happened to Iranians!!!! I feel so sorry for them. They will suffer for the next 500 years. I wish the Shah of Iran get the power again in Iran. He, like his father, knows how to handle Islamists.**
I disagree with you. A government should be elected, and even if it's not elected, if that government pays and support families of terrorist then it's a terrorist government. Don't forget the real terrorist background of the head of that government, Abbas.
If this poll is correct, it shows one clear thing: the people in WB and even Gaza are much more moderate and don't agree with their radical/extreme leaders who are not even elected. So my conclusion (even before this poll): Abbas does not represents the people in the WB, and definitely he does not represent Gaza which is under iron-feast control of Hamas. If we want a peace agreement, we need ONE leader freely chosen by all the people in the WB and Gaza... and then negotiating with such a person will get quick results and his/her signature will have validity. Chances for that are zero for the next 50-100 years. Which is great for Israel.
I am so glad to hear about this chosen democratic nominee for 2020. God forbid Democrats choose a reasonable moderate candidate with clear accomplishments.
Wow, the UN slams Hamas over this? If they bothered to slam Hamas for so many other things. Better: if instead of words (slamming Hamas) they did some actions.
I know he said that. I am saying that the other stores will see more traffic if people go to the mall for food, groceries and other daily needs.
You think exactly like yasser Arafat who accomplished nothing for his people as their leader for 40 years. Instead of saying "thank you Israel for liberating us, let's now agree on borders so my people can have their own nation and country", he "destroy Israel! Kill all the Jews! Everything is for my people only!" What a failure, failure to make a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity into a success, an astonishing way to accomplish nothing since then... except for a bunch of dead people, mostly on the Arab side.
&gt; again u assume Muslims hate Jews for x,y,z? There are no Muslims who hate Jews! If there are Muslims who hate Jews they have "reasons" for that. Those reasons are a,b,c,d,e,f,g,h,... etc, but not x,y and z. Are you serious? What does it matter the [stupid, untrue] reasons Muslims hate Jews? What matters is that it's, at least, 60% of them, which 100s of millions of Muslims.
I think you TOTALLY misunderstood what I was asking about. Nothing to do with religion or word-of-God and nothing to do with the history of "Arabs" or "Palestinians". What I am asking for is: what rules, set up in a constitution, never to be changed, would you want for a one-state solution of a NEW greater Israel that will make you comfortable as for Jews living together with Arabs in one country with Arabs possibly the majority?
As I wrote above, without thorough thought and working the details, I like Lizzy's idea. The way I interpret "All parties who explicitly appeal to religion or ethnicity are banned" is different than yours, and is similar to Lizzy's. First, in this new Greater Israel country, you can't have a parties such as the one we have today in Israel: Shas (only for Sephardic Jews), Yahadut Ha-Torah (for Orthodox Jews) or Balad (for Arabs only). Such parties never won many seats in the Knesset and no way in the world that "others" will vote for them. In a Greater Israel country, with almost 50% Arabs, they won't win even a single seat, let alone become leaders. So, Lizzy's idea, and I agree with him: if you are religious, you need to vote for a [conservative] party that only appeals to your political views. If you are proud of your own unique ethnicity, sorry, you can't start a party for "Jews only" or "Arabs only". **The fact of the matter is that if you look at most democracies in the world, they don't have "Religious Christian" party, or "Whites party", or "Blacks party".**
OK! I hear you. You convinced me. So, yes, I think it's NOT a good idea to forbid parties based on religion or ethnic background. In any case, in a Greater Israel, there's a zero chances for a "Jews only", "Arab only" or "Jewish" or "Muslim" parties to win many seats. Also, the rule that such a party must win 2 Jewish districts AND 2 Arab districts will make it impossible for such parties. **BUT(!!!!!!!), should the new constitution require separation of state and religion?!?!?!** I say "YES!!!!!!!!!"
Actually, only in a Greater Israel, all citizens, Arabs and Jews, will agree to have a separation of state and religion. It simply cannot be done in today's Israel (which I am fine with.)
&gt; The Arab nationalists would never agree to live in a "one country", certainly not with a Jewish majority or significant Jewish minority. It will never happen. You are probably right. And as I said from the beginning, I prefer a 2 state solution, mostly because it's more practical and realistic.
&gt; Zionism is an IDEOLOGY!!!!! The concept to separate Torah ...its Political Movement supported by British/French/later U.S. First, I asked you if HATE Zionists! Yes, or no? Do you hate Zionists? Secondly, you have no clue what is Zionism! But you probably hate it anyway. Zionism is nothing new. It's about Jews going back to their homeland to reestablished Israel, Jerusalem as the capital and a temple in Jerusalem. To remind you, first, about 600 BC, Israel was destroyed by the Babylonians, the Temple was destroyed, and Jews were expelled from Israel. The Jews returned back, re-established Israel and built the 2nd Temple, in Jerusalem, the capital of Israel. This is Zionism. Then, Israel was destroyed again about 10BC, Temple destroyed, and Jews were expelled. Jews prayed and still pray every day, words are in the daily Siddur, for them to return to Israel, rebuild the capital of Jerusalem and the rebuild the temple. As part of the 2nd wave of Zionism, Jews started to return to Israel in the late 1800s, Israel was reestablished in 1948 and soon the 3rd temple will be built. I guarantee that! **So, whether you like Zionism or not, whether you hate Zionists or not, Israel and I don't care! Israel was here, is here, and will be, with Jerusalem the capital, and a temple in the center!** Deal with it, or not. Most of the western world support Israel and Zionism and hate Islamists.
Not according to Hamas. Here's a [video by Hamas to promote tourism to Gaza.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeRlfcLAUII&amp;t=10s) As for the blockade, it's by Egypt and Israel. Both countries know very well what will happen if the terrorist group Hamas that control Gaza gets some "goods". If you have any complaint about conditions in Gaza, don't fault Israel or Egypt for that.
You have no clue what you are talking about. Israel existed as a country before there were almost any countries in the world, since 1200BC. It was in this land, it is in this land today and it will be in this land, a Jewish land. Jerusalem was, is and will be the capital. The Temple was and will be in Jerusalem very soon. Meanwhile, Islam was invented around 600AD, Jerusalem is not mentioned even once in Q'ran, Muhammad never been to Jerusalem, nothing Islamic happened in Jerusalem, and Jerusalem was never ever a capital of any Muslim or Arab country. There was never ever(!) a "Palestine" country, nor did the Arab people ever tried to start a "Palestine" country for themselves even in 1947. Hence, there were never ever "Palestinians". The local Arabs look the same, talk the same, believe the same, eat the same, same customs LIKE ALL ARABS few miles away in Jordan, Egypt and Syria. Islam currently is lead by terrible religious leaders who have no respect for human life, do not have humane approach but most Muslims support them. Shame! Disgrace! **DEAL WITH ALL THE ABOVE FACTS!!!!! They are simple verifiable facts. Jews and Israel will not pack and leave and Israel is supported by more Arab countries than the "Palestinians" are supported!***
Tell that to the Egyptians! They accused 13 Hamas members for this. What a dumb thing to do, by Hamas! Morsi just elected in Egypt, less than 2 weeks before, and he promises to open the gates of Gaza to stop the blockade. What did Hamas do? Attack the Egyptian army and kill soldiers. So, **of course**, Morsi changed his mind. P/S: I am at least 95% sure Israeli agents convinced the idiots members of Hamas to do that. **You can't ignore the perfect timing of this event... perfect timing for Israel.**
Automation, starting from steam engines (most hard labor is gone), mechanical looms (there goes all fabrics made by hand), cars (there goes horses and buggies), computers (there goes most clerical work), still have not cause catastrophic unemployment today. New jobs and new industries were invented instead. But, I agree: with robots and AI, it will not be easy to find new things for people to do, especially most people who are not very skilled and educated. **So, the solution MUST BE restrictions on the use of Robots and AI.** For example, all interaction with people (customer service) must be done by humans. Or, every group of robots working must be supervised by a human. But no limits on Robots and AI when it comes hard-labor and basic work: agriculture, yard maintenance, cleaning, etc - they can be done by Robots without any restrictions. In any case, the costs of running a business will be so much lower as almost all the undesired work is done by robots, so people can create and have more and more specialized businesses and services. P/S1: We need to restrict Robots and AI for other reasons too. For example, we can't have a country or a person have a robotic army to kill other people. But mostly, if we do not restrict, people will become lazy, spoiled and mindless. P/S2: Some people are unemployable in a future society: not bright enough, not reliable enough, mental issues or disabled. For them, I can see Basic Income as the only solution. **P/S3: read the science fiction book "Dune" by Frank Herbert, of a future society where "thinking machines" are not allowed, and the reasons why they were not allowed. I will let you guess why they were not allowed.**
USS Liberty was a USA spy ship off the coast of Israel during the 1967 war when Israel was fighting 4 invading armies. Israel warned the USA **several times** to leave! They did not. I want to see what the USA will do if Israel put a spy ship of the USA coast. Total responsibility for what happened is on the USA, for unnecessarily risking the lives of US soldiers. In any case, Israel paid the USA restitutions for what happened. Only Jew and Israel haters (losers) think this is still an issue.
&gt; I can't find any instance in modern history where workers won the fight against a machine that was going to replace them. Are you kidding me? This is what Unions do all the time: prevent any kind of new efficiency, automation, outsourcing, etc. I am absolutely not pro-Union. Actually, I hate Unions... or what became of them. Anyway, Unions are quite successful in what they try to do...
True!!!!
All I care about is the **ever increasing number of Israeli Arabs, especially Muslims, who join the IDF** because they want to protect their beloved country of Israel from other Arabs who don't know better. Those Arabs soldiers drive the left and other Arabs nuts. Good!
&gt; if you just have 2 parliaments. That's a terrible idea! In the sense that what you are proposing is one Jewish parliament and one Arab Parliament. Do you really think this will work? Who should the Christian vote for? Do you think both houses will agree on anything? Do you think this will make the Jews and Arabs live in harmony? The idea of lower and higher house it to make sure that different types of groups review the law before it is enacted. Otherwise, with one house, a bad law can be voted quickly by a majority that may not represent all the diverse population. Israel is too tiny for two houses of parliament. So, in Israel, to make the passing of laws more slow, you need to vote on them three times. Other democratic countries with one parliament have other tricks to make sure laws are passed after thorough review. &gt; Yeah legislation would be a bit slow sometimes and not quite as smooth but the major political concerns that usually arise with demographic influx become irrelevant. Yeah, that's the whole idea in a proper democracy - pass the laws slowly. **The Romans who were not true democracy had even more brilliant idea: the country was ruled by, not one, but two Councils... until they were killed and Rome ended up with on [tyrant] Caesar.**
Actually, Education is where there's no need for humans: videos and recorded lectures, AI teaching at your own level and pace are much better than a class of 30 students at different levels trying to get the attention of one teacher.
I totally agree with you that kids and students need social interaction, working together, guidance, mentors, etc. I definitely want my son to have a human teacher. However, unfortunately, teaching is provided by the government mostly, they pay terrible salaries for teachers and the government would like to cut costs. So my guess is that there will be a push for less teachers, or "on-line" teacher conference-call, and other crap, but they will definitely teach for technology to replace teachers. Forget about teachers: doctors will be replaced even more quickly with "technology".
Please, let's stop the fake crying over the poor Gazan who will suffer. The "suffer" can stop today, last week, or 10 years ago, if their leaders care about their people. Hamas uses its citizens as human shield, build tunnels under schools, kill anyone with opposing views and refuse any investment from Israel to develop the economy and infrastructure. If you have political dispute over borders (**there's actually no dispute, as, at least, 99% of Egyptians and Israelis do not want Gaza to ever belong to Egypt or Israel**), that's not an excuse to deny your people comforts of electricity, good education, building the economy and freedom. **The bottom line is that Israel, Egypt and now even the PA want to cut electricity to Gaza.** They have good reasons. Egypt is totally aligned with Israel as for the blockade on Gaza and the reasoning of the PA is because they truly hate Hamas, more than Israelis hate Hamas. The PA even recently cut the "salaries" for Hamas people in Gaza. Hamas deliberately wants the Gazans to suffer as this will make them "unite" behind Hamas. This is "politics 101" that every tyrant knows. Can you imagine? If Gazans had electricity, good education, work, money saved for retirement, etc, do you think they will support Hamas? Gazan are normal human beings and they know what's best for them. Nobody is entitled for free electricity, definitely from the country you attack and want to destroy.
Maybe BDS claims they only target Israeli institutions, but in effect, many examples, they attack individuals. &gt; boycotting this or any movie simply because it contains or employed an Israeli would be completely inappropriate, even under BDS' own standards. Yes, I can see BDS members condemning the boycott of Gal.
This just in about how Hamas cares about its own people: 1. [UAE aid official says Hamas purposefully fired at Israeli planes from Gaza hospital to provoke Israeli fire-while aid was being given.](http://www.thenational.ae/uae/red-crescent-chief-tells-of-hamas-betrayal-while-delivering-aid-in-gaza) 2. [Palestinian activist detained for criticizing Hamas](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4974936,00.html). 3. [After Hamas decade, Gaza short on freedom, jobs, electricity](http://www.chron.com/news/world/article/After-Hamas-decade-Gaza-short-on-freedom-jobs-11198299.php) - this is that article about Mohammed al-Taluli that got arrested by Hamas in #2 above.
&gt; Why should this make you not concerned about suffering in Gaza? Because: 1. To make missiles and dig tunnels, Hamas has plenty of electricity and resources. 2. Pay for electricity, like every grown do everywhere! 3. It's not a "suffering" but a mentality issue. Even inside Israel we have Arab towns and villages that don't pay for sewage and water, so Israel disconnect the water and sewage, and they would rather live without running water than pay. 4. If Gazans think they suffer, then blame Hamas. I don't see any Gazans upset about Hamas causing this issue, so, I don't think they "suffer". 5. What we do hear Gazans complain about is that "we do not have money to buy cigarettes!" Oh, well. 7. To survive, you just need food. Electricity is not essential. People lived for 1000s of years without electricity. Gazans can do it too. You don't "suffer" because of no electricity. 8. if this suffering cause the Hamas lose control over Gaza, then it will be a **HUUUUGGGEEEE step towards peace!** Mainly because the suffering of the people in Gaza will stop.
Gazans are upset at Hamas? Good. So, now you know the root of the problem!!!! Also the PA, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and everyone in the world are upset or hate Hamas... except Qatar, UAE and few other Arab countries. So, if you think electricity is a big issue in Gaza, go after the root of the problem. Thanks!
&gt;&gt; Meanwhile, Islam was invented around 600AD, Jerusalem is not mentioned even once in Q'ran, Muhammad never been to Jerusalem, nothing Islamic happened in Jerusalem, and Jerusalem was never ever a capital of any Muslim or Arab country. &gt; Quran mentions it in Surat Al-Isra No it does not. PLEASE!!!!! Give me the quote! Please! Trust me, **I know more than you about Islam**: the word "Jerusalem" is not mentioned even ONCE(!) in the Q'ran. Add to that, that Muhammad never been to Jerusalem, nothing Islamic happened in Jerusalem, and Jerusalem was never ever a capital of any Muslim or Arab country. &gt;&gt; There was never ever(!) a "Palestine" country, nor did the Arab people ever tried to start a "Palestine" country for themselves even in 1947. Hence, there were never ever "Palestinians". The local Arabs look the same, talk the same, believe the same, eat the same, same customs LIKE ALL ARABS few miles away in Jordan, Egypt and Syria. &gt; thats full of assumptions No assumptions. Cold hard historical facts. Cold facts!!! &gt; it was Province for Roman-Byzantine Empire called Palaestina. Again, never ever a country called "Palestine". Am I right or wrong? Yes or no? The Romans used the name "Judea" for this land, but after the Jews staged a revolt, the Romans used the name "Palestina" to humiliate the Jews. Palestina is after The Philistines, the arch-enemies of Jews. **The Romans also called Jerusalem as "Aelia Capitolina". ARE YOU SAYING that Jerusalem should be called this name today?** For god sake! You can't even pronounce the name "Palestina" in Arabic because there's no "P" sound in Arabic. At best, the local Arabs around Israel are the original Philistines, a word they can actually pronounce. &gt;&gt;Islam currently is lead by terrible religious leaders who have no respect for human life, do not have humane approach but most Muslims support them. Shame! Disgrace! &gt; which i dispelled You can't dispel this! Every day, the whole world sees the horrors of Islam in MOST Islamic areas. It's not even debateable. Muslims do things that not a single Jew or Christian will do or ever done. Not a single Jew or Christian will do such things. &gt; At the End Zionism has no legitimacy without The West funding ur Military LOL!!!!!!! Darling, Israel is 70 years old and is in better economic condition than the USA. Israel does not need funding! Not at all. The USA is paying **BRIBES** to Israel so Israel will not develop weapons to compete with the American weapon industry. And those bribes can be used only to buy American weapons. So, basically, the USA is subsidizing its own weapons industry. Trust me! With no external help, Israel will survive very well. It even survived attacked by 5 invading Arab armies in 1948 when Israel barely had anything economically and not supported by anyone. **Don't ever(!!!!), never(!) underestimate Jews, Israel or the spirit of Zionism! Never!!!!** Don't be an idiot like the "Palestinians" who don't have a single plane, tank or cannon and yet they believe they can destroy Israel. Egypt, Jordan, Saudi-Arabia and many other Arab countries know that very well. It's all from Allah! By the wish of Allah.
&gt; the star has spoken out in support of specific crimes committed by the State of Israel would not be inappropriate. 1. Israel did not do any crimes. 2. Israel did not even do "specific crimes" 3. Go ahead and tell us all about specific crimes by Israel. Please! 4. Then tell us and quote where Gal supported that specific "crime״ 5. Gal supports Israel in general. 6. Gal cannot support a "specific crime" even if she wanted to! It does not make sense. Nobody can support something that that they think is a crime. 7. **At best, what you try to do here, and what BDS is doing, is to claim something is a crime, and since Israel did it, but, oh no, the "Palestinians" never ever do, then ANY Israeli, including Gal, is worth a boycott.** This is exactly why Indonesia boycotted schindlers list because it's "pro Jews" and Egypt boycotts Funny Girl be a Jew (Barbara Streisand) is being loved by an Egyptian (Omar Sharif). Bottom line: all Israelis, and Zionists (but surely not Jews for being Jews) are a target because of unexplained hate for Israel and support for Arabs terrorism.
&gt; IMHO the best model would be to allow students to access resources in isolation then arrange a catch-up class with a facilitator to encourage discussion. Yes, more or less. Back to the original topic: in other areas, the use of robots must be restricted, or not allowed, or taxed, or must be always supervised by a human. Examples: 1. No robot allowed: customer service (talking and handling customer requests and inquiries), medicine (a human doctor must see you), teaching in class. 2. Robot must be supervised: robotic soldiers in the army, robotic repair crews, robotic maintenance crews, robotic construction crews, etc. 3. Robot must be taxed: manufacturing, menial work 4. Restrictions: Robots can cook and serve in restaurants, but cannot handle the management of the restaurant.
Tillerson was not wrong! Most likely he was naive, unrealistic or unfamiliar with who he's trying to deal with.
LOL!!!! From knowing many self-hating-Jews in the USA (anti-Zionists and far-left Jews), this cartoon, sadly, maybe reflects 10% of Jews who "have solidarity with Palestinians". **About 90% of Jews who feel "solidarity with Palestinians" will reply back "Fantastic! How can I help you destroy the evil Zionist entity of Israel?"** P/S: There used to be a SHIT LIST on the internet, Self Hating Internally T??? Jews, of 7000+ Jews that are confirmed to be self-hating (and also haters of Israel, Israelis and Zionists) - it used to be in www.masada2000.org/shit‑list.html
Kerry's daughter is married to an Iranian with deep connections to the Iranian rulers.
&gt; It's not about faith, it's about ethnicity/nationality. Same thing. &gt; Banning religion-based parties doesn't do that; It doesn't address any concerns other than religious legislation and it doesn't even do that very effectively: parties can push for religion-inspired legislation withot being explicitly religious. First, it's banning based on religion OR ethnicity. Secondly, if there's a religious party of Jews AND(!) Muslims, and they win many seats, then it's democracy in action and they have the right to demand religion inspired legislations.
All nice and well said. But this is greater Israel with tremendous hate of Arabs towards Jews. So what should be in the constitution to make sure that the Arab state integrates and cooperate with the Jewish state. Also, geographically, it can't be two states. Gaza is one separate area, and WB is another area. Probably it has to be at least 4 states of Gaza, Israel, WB and Judea. This will minimize the division because Gaza and WB do not like each other so much.
&gt; What kind of opposition to integration or anti-cooperation activities are you imagining? C'mon! The only reason we do not have a one-state solution today, and the reason that I am actually opposed to this idea, is because of the feud that Arabs have against Jews. &gt; Exclaves and enclaves are a thing for states that don't have guaranteed freedom of movement and a shared government. First, check this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrJSdYCkoWk&amp;t=91s). I pointed it to the unique case of Oman and UAE, but watch the whole video. Many Arab countries do not trust each other when it comes to borders. But I am NOT calling for Exclaves and Enclaves! I am calling for 4 or 5 "states": Israel, Gaza, Judea, WB. Possibly Jerusalem, but I am against the idea the Jerusalem is not the part of Israel. As for Judea: it's all the Jewish areas in what is currently WB, including the city of Hebron. Where are the borders? This can be worked out.
And to finance the payments to terrorists and their families, [the PA will cut medical payments to Gaza](https://worldisraelnews.com/pa-cuts-medical-payments-gaza-increase-pressure-hamas/?utm_source=MadMimi&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_content=Israel+and+Palestinians+Agree%21+Israelis+Nab+3+ISIS+Teens%3B+Muslims+%27Must+Die%27+for+Western+Wall&amp;utm_campaign=20170614_m139838530_Israel+and+Palestinians+Agree%21+Israelis+Nab+3+ISIS+Teens%3B+Muslims+%27Must+Die%27+for+Western+Wall&amp;utm_term=PA+Cuts+Medical+Payments+to+Gaza+to+Increase+Pressure+on+Hamas)
Just for the record, the PA is not much better than Hamas. They also oppress their people, kill any kind of opposition, no democracy, no rights, support for terrorists, terrorist attacks. If Hamas has the grade of "100" for how bad they treat Arabs citizens, then PA has a grade of "90" and Israel a grade of close to zero. **The sad story is that if there were free elections in the WB, Hamas would win. No doubt about it. And this is the reason there is no democracy or election in the WB because most people don't support him, he knows that, and that's why he will not hold elections!** Also, if Hamas is Nakba, then the original claimed "Nakba" is nothing in comparison.
&gt; won't necessarily agree with you that israel has a grade of close to zero (meaning that it treats Arabs with zero discrimination). Of all the Arabs and Muslims countries in the whole world, only Arabs inside Israel, Israeli-Arabs, enjoy democracy, freedom, equal rights, human rights and liberty. Not a single law in Israel that discriminates against Arabs. Maybe there were some cases of discrimination, but because the law prohibits it, if you can prove the discrimination, you won the case. Any questions?
I did not ignore. Jerusalem and other areas in the WB are Jewish land. They never ever belonged to a "Palestine" because there was never ever such a country. But there was, there is and there will be Israel. Nothing illegal about settling this land. Finally, an ethnically cleansed land for the local Arabs, cleansed out of Jews, is not an option.
If there are no laws that discriminate in Israel, then any discrimination is illegal **and much much less than OFFICIAL discrimination and actual discrimination by Arabs, around Israel and all (!) Arab / Muslim countries.** But you would not complain about that part, am I right? Back to discrimination inside Israel: isolated cases are normal in any free country, alas not justified. I am sure that discrimination against Arabs and Muslims in Europe is much greater than in Israel. What do you think? Bottom line: please concentrate on some behavior issues among Arabs that may cause discrimination, and their discrimination issues among them. Then, things will fall into place. It will be hard to do! Much easier to complain about Israel and claim that Israel is the issue. **Did you hear that the UN claimed that Israel is responsible for violence against women among the local Arabs?** Don't be ridiculous like the UN.
LOL!!!!!! You really believe this poll and what you just said? Let's assume this poll is correct, and let's think for a moment. Think for a little bit. If this poll is right + Hamas is boycotting the elections, then Abbas would win the election with, at least, 99% of the votes. Am I right? So why Abbas won't hold elections? Do you really believe it's because Abbas is so concerned about fairness, and if Hamas boycotts the elections, then he won't hold the elections? Anyway, to help you answer my questions, here's another poll that says ["MAJORITY OF PALESTINIANS WANT ABBAS TO RESIGN"](http://www.jpost.com/Arab-Israeli-Conflict/Poll-Majority-of-Palestinians-want-Abbas-to-resign-no-longer-support-two-state-solution-417792)
This belongs in r/redacted and moderator /u/spez should remove this post.
&gt; Because these are not isolated cases. There is a problem of discrimination Darling, even if 10% of Israeli Arabs claim they were discriminated, I will explain to you again: this is not by Israel!!!!! This is by individual people who break Israeli law and if proven, will be found guilty in court. It's what happens in any equal rights society, also against women, gays, fat people, etc. &gt; I don't think that in Europe there is a greater discrimination against Arabs and Muslims than in Israel. You are wrong! Trust me that if in many European countries, at least 40% of the population in anti-semitic, they have even more islamophobia. Read more [here](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/289972827_Discrimination_of_European_Muslims_Self-Perceptions_Experiences_and_Discourses_of_Victimhood) C'mon, even the Roma and Eastern European are discriminated against in Europe. Forget about Jews and Muslims. And you think Israel is worst? Israel is much much better when it comes to equal rights and treatment for Israeli-Arabs.
Really? You have no possible clue of why payments to terrorist (and encouraging terrorist) is showing good faith for Israel to agree to have a "Palestine" next to it?
I don't believe much about polls among the "Palestinians": they live in society that does not allow free thinking, opposing views and they fear of expressing any views not allowed by their leaders. &gt; Fewer than ten percent of Palestinians in either the West Bank or Gaza say that “Jews have any rights to this land.” In any case, any social and political change is, naturally, very very slow and is done in phases. And who will promote the necessary social and political change among the local Arabs? Only Israel! Because Israel is an open society, western society, free thinking and peaceful. So, over the next 50-100, will not be surprise if it takes much more, small changes have to be done to cause a change in the Arab society. First, improve their economy and education. From there, pretty much, the ball will roll on its own.
&gt; there is a difference between laws and the reality. That's what I am was saying. You can do something about the laws, and the laws can do something about the reality, but you can't do much about the reality. Especially if the reality is based on REAL behavior by the other side that cause REALISTIC feeling by some people. So, again, instead of concentrating about "bad Israel", why won't you concentrate about the reality of why discrimination happens despite the laws and Israel's intentions. &gt; Please accept an advice, if you want to reach out to other people that don't agree with you, you should avoid some cynical language such as 'darling' and anger in general. If some people concentrate on the wrong cause and effect, then sarcastic and cynical approach with them make them listen. There's no anger on my side. So, now is my turn: **Please accept my advice,** and concentrate on the side is not pro peace, support terrorism, have no valid claims against Israel, blatant discrimination and criminal behavior not only against Jews, but women, gays, Christians, etc. But, yes, it's easier to concentrate instead on Israel.
Let's examine examples of binational countries from recent history, and I will start with the "mild" cases first. As for Israel, I have my comments in the end. 1. Belgium - we are just lucky that the Dutch and French are almost equal in numbers (50% each) and that they are too civil to start shooting at each other. Anyway, Belgium holds a record that no other democratic country ever achieved!!!!! It has a record for more than 589 days, almost 2 years, with no elected government in Belgium!!!! Guess why! Also, I once did some work in Belgium and my Belgian colleague (Dutch) told me very frankly that "Belgium is not a normal country!" 2. Czechoslovakia: again, an example of two nations too civil to start shooting at each other. Unlike Belgium, the Czechs are on one side and the Slovaks are on the other side. So, in a very civil way, they split the country, amazingly, with not a single person losing his/her life. 3. Czechoslovakia after WWII: boy were the Czech fed up with the Germans, so they expelled all(!) Germans out of the Czech Republic (Sudetenland) and since then, peace and quiet in the Czechoslovakia and now Czech Republic. 4. Spain and the Basques: recently it's been quiet. Integrated societies? Absolutely not! 5. Spain and Catalonia: the two will split soon. Catalonians are embarrassed that they are part of Spain for so long. 6. UK and Scotland. Scratch that! Anglia and Wales versus the Scotts. Probably will split soon. 3. Yugoslavia - dead, with many dead people. 4. USSR: broke up to many many pieces... and should/will break into even more pieces. Even a communist ruthless regime could not make the nations mix and live in peace. 5. Lebanon - civil war. Chances for another civil war once Syria collapses: at least 90% 6. Syria: Alawites versus Sunnis versus Christians 7. Iraq: there was never ever a country called Iraq, and it really should be broken to, at least, 20 smaller countries with a Babylon in the south, Assyria in the west, Kurdistan in the north, and another 17 smaller countries for the other 17 tribes that hate each other. **Amazingly, Israel is doing quite well with more than a million Israeli Arab citizens!!!!** **I know why!!!! Israeli Arabs know very very well what a wonderful life they will have if they split and join other Arabs around them in a "Palestine" country.**
**... and ... in no time... Trump is blamed for this: [ USS Fitzgerald collision: Trump criticised for leaving key posts unfilled](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/17/uss-fitzgerald-collision-trump-criticised-for-leaving-key-posts-unfilled?CMP=Share_AndroidApp_reddit_is_fun)**
Good job Trump! Finally, a president who is not a pussy. A real patriot! And to begin with, Cuba deserves the blockade even today. Ask all the Cubans in Union county, NJ!
It's not "Politics" to have a shirt with the name of the President who won the elections.
&gt; I dont see where I said only 1% supported him? I said "you sound like..." &gt; All I said was that the schools should ban all political attire. Bad idea! While school admin and teachers should stay out of politics, kids should be encouraged to express and state their political views. Check YOUR yearbook! Even if the pictures don't have political statements, almost every quote by a student can be regarded as political. Even saying "I wish the world will be more peaceful!" is a political statement that shows the students views.
**... and ... in no time... Trump is blamed for this: [ USS Fitzgerald collision: Trump criticised for leaving key posts unfilled](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/17/uss-fitzgerald-collision-trump-criticised-for-leaving-key-posts-unfilled?CMP=Share_AndroidApp_reddit_is_fun)**
Filipinos are not pirates! They are allies of the USA, Christians, speak English and the country is in decent shape. Also, this incident happened next to Japan.
Ok! So, how about "I wish we would elect people that would lead us to greater peace". Not allow that?
Think! If there are pirates or ISIS, you do no use a container ship to attack a USA destroyer. This is fuck-up by the USA army. Several officers be court martialed! This is totally unacceptable.
It it's subjective, then don't forbid it. Use common sense! If I say "Trump is great" or "Hillary is great" that's one thing, but if I say "death to Jews" or "restore black slavery", that's another thing.
Fair! Remember, it's not 1984.
You have no clue what to say, and you have no clue what you just said. Concentrate of the real people who caused of this tragedy and not Filipinos on a slow moving container ship near Japan.
Like the way it was done in yemen! [See it here.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Cole_bombing). *"The USS Cole bombing was a terrorist attack against the United States Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Cole (DDG-67) on 12 October 2000, while it was being refueled in Yemen's Aden harbor. Seventeen American sailors were killed and 39 injured[1] in the deadliest attack against a United States naval vessel since 1987."* Why would you take a huge slow container ship to attack a USA destroyer when a small ship with explosives is harder to detect and can do worst damage. Think about it!!!! **Also, nobody reported that the container ship was hijacked by pirates!!!!!**
The link is about PROPER LEGAL PROCESS in the case of Crimsean valley. You see? Justice, legal and correct process is the way of Israel. **Again I am going to ask:** &gt; Again, please, please, show us the Israeli supreme court decisions the settlements are illegal. Please!!!!! And: &gt;&gt;&gt;The luckiest Arabs/Muslims in the whole (!) world &gt;&gt;I promise you Arabs in Europe are better off than they are in the villages Israel failed to destroy in 48. That's why they remain. Israel isn't doing them a favor. They failed to kill or expel everyone they wanted to. &gt; I am talking about all the Arabs and Muslims countries and how an Arab/Muslim is lucky to live in Israel. &gt; **But if you want to throw Europe into this, then fine: do you think there's no discrimination against Arabs/Muslim in Europe? Where do you think there's more discrimination? Europe or Israel?** &gt; **And I will give you one more guess: what percentage of Israeli Arab would prefer to live in the WB or Gaza rather than Israel? 90%? 50%? 10%? 1%?**
Was the container ship reported as hijacked by pirates? Yes or no? A destroyer has sophisticated technology to avoid attacks, especially by slow huge container ships. Yes or no? Why would anyone use a container ship to attack a USA destroyer? Isn't is much easier with a small ship loaded with explosive, like [USS Cole in Yemen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USS_Cole_bombing)? Yes or no? "*The USS Cole bombing was a terrorist attack against the United States Navy guided-missile destroyer USS Cole (DDG-67) on 12 October 2000, while it was being refueled in Yemen's Aden harbor. Seventeen American sailors were killed and 39 injured in the deadliest attack against a United States naval vessel since 1987."* **NOW, WHO IS THE ONE SMOKING HASHISH? You or me?**
Are you on purpose not trying to understand? Are you on purpose trying to insist on an idiotic story? Is something wrong with you? I asked you simple "yes or no" questions. Of course there was no explosion! It was a USA destroyer colliding with a huge and slow container ship. **Get it to you head! This collision happened because someone on the USA destroyer was sleeping instead of watching where they are going!** They will be court martialed for this irresponsible act. The lives of 7 USA soldiers were lost because of their incompetence.
Good! Finally. It was an unacceptable incompetence by the officers who were in charge of the USA destroyer.
&gt; One person being asleep did not and could not have caused this you idiot. One person or ten people, it does not matter. He/she/they were asleep when piloting the ship. Only an **IDIOT LIKE YOU** would think that a destroyer cannot detect and avoid a slow moving container ship. This is a total and unacceptable incompetence by the officers in charge of the USA destroyer. They will be court martialed because blood is on their hand. A total disgrace. **BOTTOM LINE: only an idiot like you was thinking about "pirates" and "Filipinos" and some kind of an attack on a USA destroyer.** I was right. You were wrong. Think(!) next time.
&gt;&gt; PROPER LEGAL PROCESS in the case of Crimsean valley. You see? Justice, legal and correct process is the way of Israel. &gt; the supreme court saying. DO NOT BUILD THE WALL. So much justice for the land owners ... Something is very wrong with you. Again, land was taken by the government, as they take many times from other private owners, mostly Jews. A claim was made in court. The court said "No!" to the government. The case is still in the courts. **How on earth you reach the conclusion of "no justice"?** If you only spent 1% of your anti-Israel energy about what happens on the Arab side when it comes to "justice" and "illegal", you would be much less stressed... or more stressed. &gt;&gt; Again, please, please, show us the Israeli supreme court decisions the settlements are illegal. Please!!!!! &gt; You literally can't comprehend the link. I pity you. When I say "settlements" (that plural and all settlements if you did not get it by now), what don't you understand when I ask "show us the Israeli supreme court decisions the settlements are illegal"? &gt;&gt;f you want to throw Europe into this, then fine: do you think there's no discrimination against Arabs/Muslim in Europe? Where do you think there's more discrimination? Europe or Israel? &gt;100% in Israel. There are no laws in Israel that punish you for not renting your property to someone based on their race. Such discrimination is completely tolerated. You can't deny someone property in Europe based on their religion. 100%? No chance even for 99%? You are so ridiculous and nobody will take you seriously. Plenty of Arabs and Muslims rent places from Jews in Israel. You just have no clue how it works, in Europe and Israel. As a former landlord, I will explain: I can discriminate, I did discriminate and I should discriminate against any tenant I deem as undesirable. I will never ever explain why I did not rent to those I reject. I you think that renting to someone is first-come-with-money first-served, then you are mistaken. You will lose your rental business very very quickly. So, since I know much more than you, trust me that in Europe, discrimination against Muslims by landlords and in general is MUCH MUCH higher than in Israel. &gt;&gt; what percentage of Israeli Arab would prefer to live in the WB or Gaza rather than Israel? 90%? 50%? 10%? 1%? &gt;Literally however many want to can. What's your point? You really really try hard to NOT understand. Again, don't play games and answer: "*what percentage of Israeli Arab would prefer to live in the WB or Gaza rather than Israel? 90%? 50%? 10%? 1%?*"
&gt; I never said it was undetectable you fucking imbecile. And the "pirates" was merely situational possibility. Basically you were wrong because you thinking with your big ass, and I was right, I am right now because I have a brain. So I will repeat: &gt; **BOTTOM LINE: only an idiot like you was thinking about "pirates" and "Filipinos" and some kind of an attack on a USA destroyer.**
Good idea. Jerusalem in its whole was Jewish and the capital of Israel, and it will be like this in the future. And I am sure that 90% of the Knesset will vote for this law to make sure that 2/3rds are needed to change it. Who would vote against it except few tiny Arab parties?
Save tons of money by starring in the movies yourself.
&gt; **BOTTOM LINE: only an idiot like you was thinking about "pirates" and "Filipinos" and some kind of an attack on a USA destroyer.** I was right, you were wrong. And you are wrong again about me.
So we're done with nonsense of the Israeli supreme court declaring settlements as illegal? You made it up? &gt; This logic is not only legal, but the norm in Israel It's much more the norm in Europe! Check it. **But of course, you are a genius who knows that, in Israel, it's NO LESS than 100%.** And I even more of a genius to not take you seriously because of your ridiculous claims. **Israel, percentage wise, has more Muslims and Arabs citizens than anywhere in Europe!** And even you can't find clear cases of systemic discrimination or bad relations between Jews and Arabs. As for "protection" against discrimination, it's also against older people applying for jobs, young people renting cars, men winning child custody, women pay versus men, etc. I am not justifying it, but there are reasons for that and you can't sue in court because there's no proof. Look, Jews who suffered so much from anti semitism in Europe and Arab worlds are much less discriminatory than Europeans and most people. Finally: &gt; **Again, don't play games and answer: "what percentage of Israeli Arab would prefer to live in the WB or Gaza rather than Israel? 90%? 50%? 10%? 1%?"**
Not so. Many (not all) local Arabs identify with their family-clan (chanulah) first, and then as "Palestinian". Also, family-clans hate each other, fight each other and don't intermarry.
&gt; No Muslim Country and Population NEVER agreed to Zionism. Your English is not good and I can't understand much of what you said. If you mean Muslims/Arabs and their countries do NOT agree with Zionism, well, Jews and Israel don't care and don't need your approval. If you mean Muslims/Arabs and their countries accept Zionism, well, this is MOSTLY not true, and definitely not true about the PA (Abbas) and Hamas. Muslims and Arabs need to understand history: history of Israel, history of Jews and MOSTLY history of Islam. Even you don't know the history of Islam!!!! In this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ksDcpORZG8&amp;t=43m00s), Professor Mordechai Kedar, who is bigger expert about Islam than most Muslim leaders, says: "Islam was accused... i.e. Muhammad was accused by the people of Mecca, already when he was first in Mecca, 610A.D and lasted 12 years, until 622A.D, until he left to Medina... He was accused that this whole Q'ran, the stories and proclamations is [Arabic] "Asatir Al-Awalin", i.e. "stories of the first people"... stories of the Jews and Christians. They [Mecca people] heard from him [Muhammad] about Adam and Eve, Heaven and Hell, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Noah, the Ark, Israelites in Egypt, the Pharaoh, Exodus from Egypt, Joseph's brothers that sold him to the Egyptians... all this stories... and stories about Jesus too.. Maria... ... so the people of Mecca accused him that the Q'ran is no more than "Asatir Al-Awalin", i.e. "stories of the first people"... ... Mecca people accused Muhammad of doing "cut and paste", copying, plagiarizing... taking Jewish and Christian material and "selling" it to them as a new religion. **This accusation that Islam is no more than "Asatir Al-Awalin", copy of stories by the first people [Jews and Christians] appears in the Q'ran 11 times.** That's means, it [calling the Q'ran "Asatir Al-Awalin", copy of stories by the first people, Jews and Christians) was the constant claim against Muhammad [by the people of Mecca] that he's a copier and plagiarizer. Therefore, Islam, from its beginning, was obsessive about Judaism... to prove that Judaism is [Arabic] "Din Batel", i.e. a cancelled religion... and Islam is "Din Chak", i.e. a true religion... All this means that the existence of Israel , Israel rule over the holy land, rule over Jerusalem **is Theological threat against Islam BEFORE being a territorial conflict, national conflict, legal conflict or civil conflict or any other kind of conflict.** **The basis for the whole conflict is about religion!!!** P/S: this is from the Israeli TV series about the origins of the land of Israel "Ve-Haretz Hayta Tohu va-Vohu", chapter 13. &gt;Israel existed as a country before there were almost any countries in the world, since 1200BC. &gt;It was in this land, it is in this land today and it will be in this land, a Jewish land. Jerusalem was, is and will be the capital. The Temple was and will be in Jerusalem very soon. &gt; Meanwhile, Islam was invented around 600AD, Jerusalem is not mentioned even once in Q'ran, Muhammad never been to Jerusalem, nothing Islamic happened in Jerusalem, and &gt; Jerusalem was never ever a capital of any Muslim or Arab country. &gt; There was never ever(!) a "Palestine" country, nor did the Arab people ever tried to start a "Palestine" country for themselves even in 1947. Hence, there were never ever "Palestinians". The local Arabs look the same, talk the same, believe the same, eat the same, same customs LIKE ALL ARABS few miles away in Jordan, Egypt and Syria. &gt; Islam currently is lead by terrible religious leaders who have no respect for human life, do not have humane approach but most Muslims support them. Shame! Disgrace!
LOL!!!!! What does Trump has to do with OBAMA(!!!!)care? It's an Obama terrible design for a national healthcare. Trump will fix it and Make America Great Again!!!!
Blame Obama and the terrible OBAMAcare he designed.
LOL!!!!! Yes, she WAS "teaching the next generation guys" and, yes, she is "crazy emotional yelling". But no: Trump is not what she and you imagine. Trump will make America great again. He won, he wins and he will win for America.
LOL!!!!! Another clueless Trump hater. I will ask again: &gt; **What does Trump has to do with failing of OBAMA(!!!!)care?** Those issues just started when Trump became a president? &gt; Trump is a shit negotiator, Sure! Obama did a great job negotiating Obamacare. **Let's do this: we will wait for the fixes done by Trump to this failed Obamacare, and we will talk after that?** Ok? &gt; Trump is creating a lot of jobs in criminal defense legal service LOL!!!!!! LOL!!!!! Trump is not under a single investigation, while Hillary was and is under several investigations. Trump is a winner, and liberals like you are losers!!!!
LOL!!!!! LOL!!!!!! You suck Obamacare!!!! Loser! Trump is a winner, you are a loser.
&gt; What, I mean people do identify alot with their family clan, but not over being Palestinian. Yes, they identify A LOT with their family. And the family is actually a big clan in the town, or the whole town. However, you can't run a country "Palestine" when clans and towns hate each other. Check what's going on in Iraq. Can you imagine a police force in "Palestine" made of people of different clans, working together, to arrest a criminal member of one clan? &gt; there might be some flare ups where somethings happens between two members of a clan Are you kidding? The issue is not what happens with two members of a clan. The issue is when something happens between two different clans.
First, let's forget about Israel and the local Muslims. In Germany, a Muslim "peace march" against terrorism has been held in the German city of Cologne on 6/17/17... and only 300, mostly non-Muslims bothered. Read it [here](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/muslim-peace-march-held-germany-turnout-disappoints-48103807) Secondly, do you know of "moderate Muslim" groups, not in Israel area, that voice opposition to terrorist attacks by other Muslims? Can I have the names of some of those organizations or groups? **What happens far from Israel is a pale reflection of what happens around Israel.**
Hey! How are the whites in South Africa doing? Any black leaders, like the admirable leader, Jacob Zuma, who is against the genocide of whites in SA? You don't like what I just said? Well, if you try to justify Arab violence against Jews because "many Arabs died", no wonder blacks in SA did not learn anything from many years of apartheid. So hear me! Israel does not kill Arabs because of boredom or hate! Any doubts what I just said? Remember, if Israel wanted to kill Arabs, it could do much better job with its well equipped and highly trained strong army. If Arabs stop their terrorist attacks against Israel and Jews, none of them will die.
Goebbels, sorry to say it, was 100% right.
Salam! First, I want to tell you that traditions among the local Arabs in and around Israel are dying... but VERY VERY SLOWLY. It's all and just because Israel next door. Israel shows how modern and western world work, and Arabs make the right choices. Free to choose, Arabs are smart and know what's good for them and any human being. &gt; if a member of a clan is to be arrested, which has happened before, then the outcome depends on the prominence of said clan member, if he isnt that important he'd be arrested by the local police without any big fuss, but if it is a prominent member of a clan, then you will either have a sitdown to convince the clans Mukhtar to let him be arrested And you want to run a "Palestine" country this way? &gt; if there ever is a problem that affects Palestine as a whole the clans usually drop everything and unite to solve the issue, which happens frequently in Hebron when we are put under siege. The only thing that unite Arabs is hate for Israel and Jews. Really! Tell me of something that united the local Arabs that had nothing to do with Jews or Israel? Are they united to work on fighting corruption, abuse of power, using them as human shields, a fight for democracy and freedom? Forget about the clans issue. As an Arab from Hebron, let me ask you: why would you want a "Palestine" for you and your fellow Arabs? Will it be democratic with freedom, rights and liberty? Or would it be what you already have from your current leaders? Finally, because you are from Hebron, I am curious: Israel, Israelis and Jews do very very well with more than a million Israeli-Arab citizens, and vice versa. In 1929, Arabs killed all the Jews of Hebron. Today is 2017. Why can't Arabs in Hebron get along with few Jews in the city? I am asking because you can forget about a future "Palestine" which will be ethnically cleansed out of Jews. Thanks!
There was never ever a "Palestine" country! The Romans named this region "Judea" but after the Jews gave them a hard-time, they renamed it "Palestina" (after the Philistines, arch enemies of Jew, only to humiliate the Jews) and renamed Jerusalem Aelia Capitolina. Nobody use the name Aelia Capitolina today, so neither should they use the name "Palestine" or "Palestina". By the way, Arabs can't even pronounce the Roman word "Palestina/Palestine" because there's no "P" sound in Arabic. Further, in 1400 years of Muslim rule on this land, the local Arabs never bothered to create their own "Palestinian" nationality or a "Palestine" country for themselves. Neither did any Muslim power bothered to use Jerusalem as a capital city. The only reason we hear today about a "Palestine" and "Palestinians" is because in 1967, Israel liberated the local Arabs from a 1948 occupation by Jordan and Egypt of the land given to them by the UN for which Israel and Jews agreed to. If the 1967 event never happened, you would not hear today about "Palestine" and "Palestinians". Compare all that to Israel and Jews! Israel was destroyed, including the temple in Jerusalem, and all Jews were expelled by the Babylonians in 600BC. Jews came back, restarted their country of Israel and built a 2nd temple. Then the Romans did the same around 10AD. Guess what? Jews came back and restarted Israel. This is a Jewish land, Israel, but we would be glad to have a friendly peaceful neighboring "Palestine" on some of the land. The "friendly and peaceful" part won't happen for another 50 to 100 years, if not more.
&gt; Actually the murder rate in South Africa is about equal between black and white LOL!!!!! Crime is terrible in SA! It's in the club of the 10 most violent countries in the whole world. Disgrace! And because so few whites are left in SA, your claim that crime against whites is the same as against blacks is a tell tell. You don't get it about SA, your country, so, no wonder, you don't get it about Israel and Arabs. &gt; Israel could kill all the Arabs if they wanted to with their superior army. That's not really an interesting or noteworthy point for me. Oh no!!!! Sorry that the truth is inconvenient for you, but, despite your "lack of interest", it proves that Israel is not interested in killing Arabs. &gt; They [Israel] also know the whole world would judge them for that so obviously they can't just go and do that. Is that so? Wow!!!!! Just because the world will judge Israel, than this IS(!) the reason Israel will not kill Arabs? Do you really really really really really believe that? Oh, oh, oh tell me: how come the whole world judge Muslims and they still kill? **You don't get it, so listen to someone who know better than you: it's all about culture due to terrible leaders. Blacks in SA, Arabs/Muslims in most Arabs/Muslim countries have a terrible culture of using force and their leaders encourage and demand that. That's all!** You don't believe me? So think about this: Germans are one of the most cultural people on earth. Guess what happened due to bad leadership in the 1930 and early 40s. In comparison, Jews, while having the means, the have the morals and leaders that demand high morals.
Salam! The change in Arab society is faster inside Israel and around it, compared to almost all other Arab/Muslim countries who are actually getting more conservative and worst about human rights. I want to tell you that I hope Israeli Arabs will lead the rest of Arabs as for moderation and tolerance. If they are able to live with Jews and next to Jews in peace and harmony, they will be the example for the rest of the Arab and Muslim nation. &gt; Israel just gives Arabs a common enemy that is easy to identify against. You are 100% right! ... and all Arab/Muslim leaders figured it out long long time ago... including some European leaders. Politics 101 tell you that to unite people behind you for any power or political goal, simply invent an "enemy" for them that you are fighting against for your people. That's it. Simple as that. Jews are not the enemy of anyone. On the contrary, Jews are very socially responsible with extremely low violent crime. They are actually major contributors to culture, progress, and social correction. &gt; A country where we can all be free, and equal, both Arabs and Jews. This can only, and I emphasis, can ONLY happen in a democratic country. Am I right? So, if "Palestine" is a democracy, it would be the only democratic Muslim or Arab in the whole world. The only one!!!!! Zero chances for that! For the next 50-100 years, at least. I am very sorry, but look at Hamas in Gaza, which actually is not as bad as the PA (as for "democracy"). In Gaza, I am sure that if free elections are held, Hamas would win. In the PA, you have a leader that for sure will not win elections, so he cancelled again the elections. Opposition is not allowed, no parties, no criticism, etc. I am very very sorry that this is the situation. &gt; A coupe of Hundred weren't all the Jews in Hebron, Jews formed a large part of the population of Hebron This is not very true that only "couple" of hundreds were killed, but let's not argue about this. Israel is restoring the Jewish population in Hebron, your home city. You know why, besides the fact that Hebron was always a Jewish city? The hope is that if Hebron becomes an example outside Israel of Arabs living in harmony with Jews, then Jews can possibly be in a "Palestine" area. You can forget about a "Palestine" that is ethnically cleansed out of Jews!!!! This is not an option! Arabs can live with Jews, and it's easy. Nothing is genetically wrong with Arabs that they cannot live in peace with Jews. &gt; how are those Palestinians supposed to get along with the settlers knowing that they have caused all this hardship upon them? What hardship? Terrorist attacks? Crime? Noisy parties? What exactly is the "harm" that Jews do to Arabs in Hebron? Give me an example. Think! Jews can definitely say that Arabs caused much much bigger hardship on Jews in Hebron during 1929. Jews can ever more definitely say that Germans caused a HUGE hardship, holocaust, on Jews. But you know that Jews and Germans today are friends (except the many hopeless German anti-semites) and Israel and Germany have great relations. Move on! If you are going to immerse yourself in a constant calculation and remembrance of all the imaginary and real wrongdoings done to your nation in the past, for sure, you are stuck.
What happened to the Jews of Iraq was terrible! My best friends when I grew up in Israel were of Iraqi descent (they always got along very well with Yekes, like my family). The stories are I heard from their parents were so sad. The only thing that makes me feel better about Iraqi Jews is that, relatively, few got physically hurt by the Iraqis and they all seemed to be so happy in Israel and doing so well in Israel. 2000 years, or maybe even 2600 years of exile (Babylonian exile) in what is now Iraq and despite always having great connections with the rulers did not shield the Iraqi Jews.
&gt; But Israel does still kill more Arabs than Arabs kill Israeli's. Not this crap again! So I will ask you for 10th time, which you never answered in the previous times we debated this: if in order to save the life of one fellow citizen you need to kill 100 from the enemy side, would you do it? I, of course, with no hesitation, will kill even 1000 members of the enemy to save the life of one fellow citizen. It's immoral to let your fellow citizen die just so you want kill someone from the enemy side. &gt; white people [in SA] are not being murdered at a greater rate First, after crime went down in SA, it went up sharply again in the last few years, probably because of poor leadership by idiots who run the country now. Whites in SA are hunted. But because many of them have fences, gated communities and armored cars, it's difficult to hunt them. &gt; Regarding "black / Muslim people have a culture of violence". I'm sorry but South Africa was colonized by white people Oh! So that's why whites are killed in SA now? You sound like "Palestinians"! That's it. Like them, you blame everything and everyone for what you are 100% responsible for. So listen to me! Listen good! What happened LLOOOOOONNNNGGGG time ago in SA is NOTHING(!), NOTHING(!), compared to what happened to Jews, Filipinos, Czechs, Vietnamese, all of Latin America, etc. And guess what? Jews/Israel are friends with Germans. Filipinos are fine with Chinese, Japanese, Spanish and Americans. Czechs are fine with Germans and Russians. Vietnam has great relationship with the USA. Latin America and Spain are fine. This is the attitudes of grown ups!!! But "Palestinians", blacks in SA and Muslims are cry babies because of terrible leaders who pump into their brains what happened in the past and hate. **And you are the prime example of how cry babies behave, instead of thinking like a grown up!** Leave SA before it's too late!!!!
No shit! Such a selfless person! Wanted to please everyone, but not himself. P/S: of course, it was MAINLY to please himself.
Even better idea: help families find colleges and universities that won't corrupt their kids' brains with crazy liberal and far-left ideas.
&gt; I don't like hypothetic examples, I prefer to talk about the real existing world ... Killing 100 just seems to much. ... So basically you're asking me to kill 100 people to save 1, **I'd kill the one, even if they are a fellow countryman.** I officially tell you and all your fellow citizens in SA that you are morally bankrupt, you will not lift a finger to fight for SA or your fellow citizens, and, actually, **you care about the enemy more than your fellow citizens.** Simple as that. Lucky for us, almost no one act or think like you. Blacks in SA don't ever think like you when they kill, kill, kill and kill whites. Not to make it easy for you, how about saving the lives of 10 fellow citizens by killing 100 enemies? **What number would motivate you to save people you are supposed to care about, not your enemies?** Is it 101? &gt; Israel never had a conflict with Germany You really really really believe that this is the reason Jews/Israel are friendly with GERMANS (the German people)? Do you use logic when you try to reply back?
I would admit that I don't have all the details, but the VA is corrupt and inefficient, including the 8 years under Obama. Firing people and holding them accountable is good. As for cutting disability pay, I need to look into that.
&gt; I'm proud of the fact that I consider all people equal No you don't! LOL!!!!!! Clearly you don't! Naively and innocently you say that you "consider" people equal, but you know they are not equal at all. A terrorist enemy sworn to kill you and an innocent fellow citizen are equal? If Zimbabwe attacks SA with the clear stated intention of killing, you will surrender rather than kill a single Zimbabwean? Are you out of your mind? Blood on your hand! **You care more about the scum of the earth than innocent people who contribute to society. I know your type of people very very well.** &gt; Don't you realize that if every side killed 100 enemies for 1 of their dead, soon we'd all be dead? Absolutely not! This is absolutely nonsense. You have no idea what you are talking about. Britain killed many many Germans and thus saved the lives of millions AND ALSO ended the war. What you are talking about is revenge. Killing 100 of the enemy is not a "revenge". This is to stop the enemy to PREVENT FUTURE death and destruction. Revenge is for past killing. Lastly, please tell your "friends" in the party that, yes, I insult them for choosing such a dumb leader they have. Anyone in SA who support Zuma is an idiot. You can consider it as an "insult" or, more correctly, a critic.
The laws in Israel prohibit discrimination of any kind. Period. If you see attempt for discrimination, and there are such attempts, then sue. You have a proof, you win. Simple as that. Many cases won this way. Any such laws amongst the Arabs or Muslims? Sure, it's easy to call on Israel, but try to be brave and call on Arabs or Muslims. But you are on the Arab side and not on the human side, so you won't do it.
Again: &gt; The laws in Israel prohibit discrimination of any kind. Period. If you see attempt for discrimination, and there are such attempts, then sue. You have a proof, you win. Simple as that. Many cases won this way. **Even you don't dispute this!!!** If you know of any cases of discrimination in Israel, please spend your time to prove them and sue in court. It would be better for your mental health than spending your energy being consumed by unexplained hate for Jews and Israel.
As for "Palestinians are the only ones being deprived of their lands while Jews are given ever expanding settlements": land OWNED by Arabs was never ever taken for Jews to have settlements. Give me one example of such case, please.
&gt; I don't consider races to be my enemies, so my fellow citizen is not more important to me than someone else's fellow citizen. Again the word "consider"? And I'd like to hear what your fellow SA citizen will say (and do to you) when they hear you won't lift a finger if SA is attacked by an enemy. &gt; They [Germans] launched rockets on London instead. And in response, the British killed more Germans in Dresden than the 2 atomic bombs, and the rockets on London stopped. **Probably millions of lives were saved on the British and German side because of that.** &gt; I'm so sick of right wingers using WW2 as an example of good collective punishment. WW2 wasn't won because Britain suffocated people in bomb shelters. It was won because Russia fought the most vicious war in history and killed millions of German soldiers in Eastern Europe. No. WW2 was won because of the Americans, Alan Turing (British) and the British. The Russian front was already doomed. The Russians whom you so admire (you are a Marxist, am I right?), headed by a monster called Stalin, yes, they killed millions of Germans but also occupied half of Europe. Boy, you can twist history to fit the fake reality you so wish to be true. **EDIT: Just to let you know, my son is named after Alan Turing.**
&gt; everybody uses the excuse of self defense Yes, but if the other side never attacked, then, yes, it's an excuse. &gt; **Stated intentions are worthless.** So we have to look at what is being done and judge that alone. Yes. So, if Zimbabwe attacks SA, and also states it want to kill SA people, then it's easy to judge and, **FURTHER MORE**, be extra vigil and strong in the counter reaction. Also, never ever there were attacks without stated intentions well before the attack. Am I right? So back to Jews and Israel: Jews never ever did anything bad, yet the Germans found "reasons" to self defend themselves against Jews. Jews in Israel also did not attack Arabs before 1948. Yet the Arabs found "reasons" to self defend themselves against Jews. So learn! Bad leaders, like Hitler and ALL(!) Arab/Muslims leaders can twist the mind of the most civilized and educated people (Germans) to become monsters, or easier to do with uncivilized and uneducated Arab/Muslims. &gt; allies still committed war crimes and killed and terrorized innocent German civilians with air raids, which turned out to actually not help so much, and tied the Germans closer to Hitler and made them more determined and angry. This is absolute crap. You always always attack the west, but never say anything about the "poor" enemy. The Germans were already tied up to Hitler and if you just attacked their military and not their civilians, it would make the Germans fight you as the "enemy". But when civilians get hurt, this is the only thing that make them realize that "war is not good". In the extreme conditions in WW2, attacking civilians and infrastructure was a choice that normally would not be done by the allies. Especially when civilians on your side are being attacked. **The only reason WW2, one of the biggest wars ever, was done and finished in few years, is because of the overwhelming response by the allies: atomic bombs, air raids, destroying infrastructure, etc. If WW2 happened today with all the "war crimes" nonsense, it would go on for 20 years.** Back to Israel: the war between Israel and the Arabs could have been done and finished loooooonnnngggg time ago if Israel used all its might against the Arabs. Trust me on that. Alas, Israel and Jews morally cannot and will not do that.
Absolutely not! The whole world, including Israeli-Arabs know the truth: the luckiest Arabs in the whole world live in Israel where they enjoy democracy, freedom, equal rights, human rights and liberty. Something that not a single(!) Arab or Muslim country offers. Not even remotely close. Your unexplained hate for Jews and Israel does not let you see simple verifiable facts.
Give your unexplained hate for Jews and Israel a rest and find me one example where land OWNED by Arabs was ever taken for Jews to have settlements. **Give me one example of such case, please.** Please!!!!!!
&gt;&gt;&gt; Actually the **evictions** of Arabs already started in 1947 before the official start of the civil war &gt;&gt; You made it up! Give me a place and date where/when Jews **"evicted"** Arabs before 1947. &gt; Israeli **attacks** on Arab villages began in December 1947 and by March 1948 had already depopulated 100 000 Palestinians. Do you have comprehension problems? I asked for a place and date where/when Jews **"evicted"** Arabs before 1947. Instead you are talking about Jews "attack" Arabs... as if Arabs were peaceful and never ever attacked Jews before and much more. Playing games with me does not work. Again: **Give me a place and date where/when Jews "EVICTED" Arabs before 1947. Please!!!** &gt;&gt; Vietnam and Afghanistan did not even have a leader that could surrender. **Also, unlike Germany and Japan, all of them have very little value for their own human lives and you can't win war with such nations.** &gt; I disagree with that and find it a racist excuse for the mass murder perpetrated in Vietnam, South East Asia. Don't also BS me with the "Racist!" card when you don't have a counter claim. **Facts are facts:** Vietnamese back then and Afghani today have no respect for human life and also had no leaders (no leaders for Afghani even today.)
&gt; Im just hoping that Jews and Muslims in the region can revive its long tradition to Fast,pray,eat,read holy books,etc...again because those times had unity between two Monotheistic religions. There was NEVER EVER a tradition of Muslims in harmony, tolerance and respect together with Jews. NEVER! Jews were always oppressed and killed by Muslims, for 1400 years. What you are talking about is when Jews had no choice but to conform to Muslim wishes. If you want Muslim and Jews to be together, learn from Israel: you need democracy, equal rights, tolerance, human rights, freedom of religion and liberty. Jews and Israeli Arabs lives in excellent harmony. Israeli Arabs are the luckiest Arabs and Muslims in the whole world!!!! Not a single(!) Muslim/Arab country has democracy, equal rights, tolerance, human rights, freedom of religion and liberty. Not a single one! **Am I right or wrong?** Yes or no? What a shame. &gt; What we have right now is unsustainable. Rift is getting huge that current Generation r making alternative "Facts" about the situation. The rift is only caused by Muslims and Islamists who are totally intolerant of others. The west and Jews have nothing against peaceful Muslims. Nothing! **Simple question for you: why did Muslims attack again and again the UK recently?** Does the UK owe anything to Muslims or did anything against Muslims? Of course not! Muslim must learn to tolerate others and accept the concept of human rights for women, minorities, other religions. If you don't and if you continue to attack the west, this will end very very badly for the Muslims. There's ZERO chance that Muslims will win over the West or Israel. **Please concentrate your time to teach your brothers and sister that concepts of tolerance, peace, freedom, human rights, etc.** Thanks!!!!
Great! I am a winner in the debate, I said the truth and the facts, and you are with Himmler and unexplained hate for Jews and Israel.
Hello!?!?! I am talking about Israeli Arabs and not "Palestinians". Israeli Arabs do not call themselves "Palestinians". They actually think it's an insult for them to be called using that name.
&gt; they will be forced to participate in the exploitation and oppression of the Palestinian people Like what Hamas and PA do? Any example for how Israel "exploits" or "oppress" the Palestinians? &gt; and assist in the expansionist policies of the Israeli government You mena their country of Israel, of which they are proud citizens? Oh yeh, I see all those demonstrations and protests by Israeli Arabs against settlements. &gt; I have no reasons why specifically Muslims shouldn't join the IDF rather than anyone else. **Muslims are fully capable of lacking sympathy for the Palestinians in the occupied territories,** You are 100% right! Israeli Arab Muslims have no sympathy for "Palestinians". Neither do the Bedouins, Druze and Christians who join the IDF. All they want is to protect their beloved country of Israel against "Palestinians" who want to destroy it.
&gt; Many see themselves as Palestinians, perhaps even the majority. I am not going to waste my time here, but, clearly, even you know that MOST of Israeli Arabs do not call themselves "Palestinians" and it's actually an insult to call them that name. **For God sake, Israeli Arabs know what is freedom, democracy, rights, equal rights, civil liberties, etc. Why would they want to associate themselves with "Palestinians", PA or Hamas, who want the exact opposite?**
You are 100% right. Good job! I just want to see if anyone will notice it... However, I see a constant and almost daily "denials" that Trump is pulling out of trying to bring peace in the middle-east... and this is probably because that's what will happen.
I said: &gt; I am not going to waste my time here, but, clearly, even you know that MOST of Israeli Arabs do not call themselves "Palestinians" and it's actually an insult to call them that name. Your source said: "*31 percent identified as Palestinian*" And just to make it a bit sweet for you: "*and 7 percent identified as both Israeli and Palestinian.*" End of discussion? And check in 10 years from now, MOST will be anti-Palestinians, in 20 years, MOST will be Zionists.
Yes, the video is for the uninformed Israel/Jews haters. Did you learn anything?
&gt; reasonable people understand that being Jewish doesn't mean you have to support Israel and being Muslim doesn't mean you have to support Palestine. Of course! But there's a huge difference between "not support" and "anti". How many Jews are anti-Israel/Zionists? How many Muslims are anti-Palestinians? I think a very small minute percentage. Further, how many Jews hate Arabs/Palestinians and want to kill them, versus how many Muslims hate Jews/Israel and want to kill/destroy? **Back to the original question: Do Jews support Israel same way as Muslims support "Palestine"? Do Jews support Israel because they hate Arabs/Muslims? Do Muslims support "Palestine" because they hate Jews/Israel?**
Darling, if you find me the Canaanites or Hittites, not only that Jews and Israel will give them back Jerusalem, we will give them back the whole land of Israel. **And I am sure that the "Palestinians" will agree to give Jerusalem and "Palestine" back to them too! Am I right or wrong?** P/S: the History of Jewish Jerusalem is 3200 years, at least. The non-History of Muslim Jerusalem is, at best, 1400 years. Even Christians have better history about Jerusalem than Muslims.
And from you source, "80% of them [Arabs] see themselves as Israelis". But the guy below found another poll where only 30% of them see themselves as "Palestinians". So, my belief that MOST of them do not call themselves "Palestinians" is most likely true. Wait 10 years, and it will the vast majority.
You are proving my point that the Jewish history of Jerusalem is 3200 years, but Islam that was invented 1400 years ago counts, but Jews don't. And seriously, find 2-3 people who claim they original Canaanites or Hittites, and we give the city to them. **I am sure the Muslims will agree to give that city to the "original" owners, am I right or wrong?**
Oh no! &gt; I got shot at on my way to Ramallah, and I got held at gunpoint in Bethlehem. I was a tourist in cargo shorts. I don't need the IDF's PR, I had a first hand experience. You got shot at, for no reason? Held at gunpoint, also for no reason? And you were a "tourist" in Israel? I am sure there's some misinformation here. So, please tell us more details. I am sure that on the Arab side, a "tourist" will never be shot or held at gunpoint. Especially if you are pro-peace tourist. &gt; Zionism is a political agenda Of course Zionism is a political agenda... and a national agenda too. Nobody questions that. However Jews that are merely "anti-Zionists" or "anti-IDF" are definitely not because of political agenda. Anyway, who cares about those few and rare anti-Zionist and/or anti-IDF Jews? Neither do Arabs and Muslims care about such Jews. Send them as "tourists" to the Arab areas next to Israel and we'll see what will happen. Gaza will be the best place for them.
&gt; The Temple was gone for nearly a thousand years before the Mount became what it is today. It was barely 600 years. For 400 years, nobody, including Christians built anything on top of the ruines. Then it became what it is now (a Mosque built on top the holiest Jewish place) because Arabs and Muslims invaded Israel. And they built the mosque despite Jerusalem not being mentioned even once in Q'ran, Mohammad never been to Jerusalem and nothing Islamic happened in Jerusalem. &gt; By your logic, the Romans have a right to Egypt. No. That's you logic. Egypt was Egypt before the Romans and the Greeks, and it's Egypt today. Israel was there before the Greeks, the Romans and the Muslims. Israel is here today. Meanwhile, there was never ever a "Palestine" country in this place and only Israel had Jerusalem as its capital, back then, and today. **P/S: remember one thing about Jews! Israel was destroyed, including the temple and all Jews expelled by the Babylonians. Jews returned, built the 2nd temple and reestablished Israel. Then, same thing happened by the Romans. Well, Jews came back and reestablished Israel. What do you think about that?**
&gt;&gt; No Muslim Country and Population NEVER agreed to Zionism. Again? Here's, again, what I replied: &gt; Your English is not good and I can't understand much of what you said. &gt; If you mean Muslims/Arabs and their countries do NOT agree with Zionism, well, Jews and Israel don't care and don't need your approval. &gt; If you mean Muslims/Arabs and their countries accept Zionism, well, this is MOSTLY not true, and definitely not true about the PA (Abbas) and Hamas. &gt; Muslims and Arabs need to understand history: history of Israel, history of Jews and MOSTLY history of Islam. Even you don't know the history of Islam!!!! Then you say: &gt; The notion that Current system is fine when its CLEAR that its not. Did I say the "current system" is fine? It's fine for Israel because time is totally on the side of Israel. It's not fine for Arabs because, **since 1948, 70 years, ZERO(!!!!), Nothing, Nada(!) accomplishments for them!** Amazing! About 70 years of fighting Israel and NOTHING(!), nothing, was accomplished. All is from Allah! This is Allah's wish. Blessed is Allah. The god of the Jews, Elohim. This land was, is and will be Jewish. Nothing Islamic ever happened in Israel or Jerusalem. Mohammad never been to Jerusalem or Israel, Jerusalem is not mentioned even once in Q'ran, and it was and is the capital of only one country: Israel.
Jews are not a race! Jews is a religion and nationality. Of course Ethiopian and Ashkenazi Jew are different races. But both are Jews, Zionist Jews and Israelis. By the way, my sister, Jewish Israeli Ashkenazi, blonde, married a Jewish Israeli man of Turkish descent. So, what are we going to do about my nephew and niece? They are mutts. Can they be Israelis? Can they be Jews? Can they be zionists? **Do you know that more than 50% of Israelis are of mixed origin?** Do you know that some Jews that came from Yemen have blue eyes?
Good! **Can land belong to people of certain religion, customs, language, nationality that ORIGINATED IN THAT LAND?** Of course. And it is.
&gt;&gt; First, how many of those Arabs see themselves as "Palestinians" and NOT Israeli? **Do you understand why I ask this questions?** &gt; no i don't. "palestinian" can be considered a national identity and "israeli" a civic one. just like "american palestinians." A very unique thing about you is that you try very hard to not understand things, but fail in that too. So I am asking again: can an Arab inside Israel claim he's "Palestinian" but not an Israeli? And if so, how many, percentage wise, Israeli Arabs claim such? As for my poll, it says: "*Thirty-three percent of respondents did not identify as either Israeli or Palestinian, 31 percent identified as Palestinian, 30 percent identified as Israeli, and 7 percent identified as both Israeli and Palestinian.*" I brought this poll to show you that maybe 30 percent of Israeli Arabs view themselves as "Palestinians". Not to prove my point that MOST of them view themselves as Israeli.
&gt; the USS Liberty Not this crap again about the spy ship USS liberty off the Israeli coast while Israel fighting invasion by 5 armies and the US government, after repeat warning from Israel, risks the lives of US soldiers only to keep spying.
We won't need to wait long...
First, the main topic is Abbas and PA (and Hamas) ordering them to do terrorist attacks against Jewish civilians. Any person who does such a thing deserves to be in prison. **Actually, in a war, soldiers of the enemy, whether or not they hurt civilians, are taken as prisoners! Always, in the past, and today.** Prisoners from the enemy, even those with blood on their hand, are released, in the past and today, when treaties are signed. And this is what Israel did. Am I right? But never it's ALL prisoners!!!!! Each prisoner is its own case, and every country in the world can keep those they want to keep. Sorry, but you can't force a country to return back to you all the prisoners. End of story.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, but Europeans do define who is a Jew!!! Constantly, in the past and now. &gt; not objectively. everyone has their own views of other groups of people. No kidding! Yes, Europeans and also Muslims, have "their own views" of other groups of people. There! I just expressed my own views about most Europeans and almost all Muslims. Why would someone have special own views about specific group of people? Why Jews are "winners" when it comes to special views by others? But, for example, Czechs and Canadians don't get much of special views about them. &gt;&gt; First, a Jew is whoever claim that he's a Jew. Any question about that? &gt; a lot, am i overlord of the universe because i say i am? So you do have a question about this! So I will answer, slowly, because you don't know the answer: No, nobody, including me, will believe you that you are overlord of the universe! **However, anyone would believe someone who says he's a Jew!** Also they would believe if someone says he's gay, or Catholic, etc. If you still don't understand, I will explain: why would anyone claim he's a Jew, if he's not? Are you a Jew? &gt;&gt; Secondly, a Jew is ALSO whoever Europeans claim is a Jew (e.g. according to Nazis, even if your grandfather was a Jew). &gt; why would i or anyone give a fuck what some racist think about me? Because racists tend to act on their racism. So you should give a fuck about what people claim about you. Any questions about this? &gt;&gt;In any case, for many Europeans, the anti-Semites, Jews do not belong in Europe and they need to go back to their homeland. &gt; why does it matter? all kinds of people say other kinds of people belong or don't belong wherever. Because "Palestine" and "land belongs to Palestinians". Any questions about that? &gt;&gt; Do you know where the homeland of the Jews? &gt; russian jews' homeland is in russia, morrocans' is in morocco, palestinians' is in palestine and so on... LOL!!!! This crap again? You don't have self respect to repeat his nonsense again and again only to be shown, again and again, how dumb, really really really dumb is what you just said? What are you going to do about me (born in Israel, my mother born in Israel but her side is originally from Poland, and my father side from Czech Republic)? Where should I go? Poland? Czech Republic? Can you arrange citizenship for me? And what are you going to do about Russians Jews who don't want to go back to Russia? Never mind Russian and Morocco! My friend's family is originally from Libya? Send him there? And as for "palestinians' is in palestine", does this include all the Jews born in Israel? LOL!!!!! LOL!!!! There! Now you have questions from me, which I am sure you have answers for.
Yes, he says what his people want him to say, **because he's one of them!** He believes what he says, like his people.
What does it matter what kind of flag it is? Do you think they would agree for a flag of Israel? Do you think that **IN THE SAME WAY**, they would object to the same flag with a Christian cross on it? How about the same flag with the Muslim crescent?
Yes!
&gt;&gt; Why would someone have special own views about specific group of people? Why Jews are "winners" when it comes to special views by others? But, for example, Czechs and Canadians don't get much of special views about them. &gt; why does it matter? what does it have to do with the discussion? are you just looking for opportunity for jewish self pity? Oh, no pity for the Jews. I really think, really, it's all about people being jealous of Jews. Because Jews are smart, educated, successful, major famous people, huge contribution to human kinds, rich, etc. &gt;&gt; However, anyone would believe someone who says he's a Jew! &gt; i don't, especially when they claim that their grandfathers are ancient hebrews and thus passed them the rights to settle in palestine. You are so special! Your special way of treating (hating) Jews/Israelis/Zionist. And the special way to consider Arabs, from Arabia, who invaded in 600AD, who's religion has nothing to do with the land, who never bothered to have a "Palestine" for themselves, never ever was there a "Palestine" country, are definitely special when it comes to this land. &gt; as long as you don't claim that you are a native hebrew and thus deserve more rights to this land that native palestinians... Sorry! I, almost all Jews and almost all Israelis are native Hebrews, and our unique language, religion and customs are native to this land, originated in this land, the homeland for the Jews, our language, religion, customs, and Jerusalem was and is the capital of only one country ever: Israel. So what are you going to do about this? Fight us?
Look very gay to me. And he died from AIDS, given to him by his "bodyguards".
