And as someone who lives in a pretty healthy home, even the tofu and tempeh part alone makes me cringe--huge misconception that tofu and tempeh are the be-all and end-all for healthy food.
I may be downvoted to hell for this, but there are benefits to eating organic versions of healthy food (read: *not* organic food, period, but organic versions of already established healthy foods). A lot of the pesticides, herbicides and radiation treatment lots of produce get are often considered potential (*small*, but still potential) cancer risks. Plus, with all the controversy around pesticides and the increasing strength of the pests they're intended to ward off, having produce that doesn't use them is a means of attempting to relieve this. But more important than organic produce is organic animal products. With such huge instances of animal rights abuse in factory farms, where "organic" guarantees at least a certain degree of care and good treatment of the animals, one can see why it may have such wide appeal. Plus, it makes you think differently of the food you're eating when the animal it comes from has differences in the growth hormones its given, and the health of the animal before it's killed. Plus, it's just more ethical for the animals. Look, obviously in the best case scenario we'd all be vegetarians, and regardless of the situation the animals are still killed for our food. But hey, if you're going to eat meat, wouldn't you rather the animal have lived a more pleasant life rather than suffer in a factory farm with terrible conditions? So yeah, it's not completely confirmed that organic food is not in any way, shape or form healthier than conventional food. It also goes way beyond health reasons why people would switch to organic. QUICKEDIT: It is not confirmed that organic food is not healthier. It is, however, unconfirmed how big of the difference is and that's what skeptics go on about. EDIT: OK screw it, my definition for organic farming was very much wrong. Still, there are some differences in the same vein. But you have every right to criticize me for what I have specified as the differences.
A good rule is to try to keep the stuff mostly away from your own home. If they have breakfast and dinner at home with no junk, then even if they had a snack with every lunch at school, that's still not a terrible ratio. Also, keep in mind that sugar is addictive. Not just psychologically--studies on rats have shown it to be more addictive than cocaine. So I'd say that while your philosophy behind the balance is good, I think it might still be dangerous in warding their cravings for the stuff. In terms of offering an alternative plan outside of what I've mentioned? Well...I don't know. I'm in college right now, and I'm actually thinking every day on how I'm going to approach that once I'm married with kids.
At least according to the pre-order bonuses listed, the only ones that are exclusive to the pre-order are emotes. The others seem to be early unlocks. So...
Just go read the comments on /r/StarWarsBattlefront, or on YouTube, or pretty much anywhere else on the internet. You'll get happy again.
No, I'm saying /r/starwarsbattlefront is having the RIGHT reaction to it. And so is everywhere else. And did you just say the map looks small? Did you not see the range of spots the X Wings and snowspeeders were covering? The battle at any one time was concentrated in one or two areas but the map itself and the number of spots it had seemed HUGE. And the range of spots to fly in also seemed gigantic. And the battle at any one time often looked more hectic and intense than most battles in Battlefront 2 unless you were playing Coruscant or an XL battle. At any one time, it seemed like there were at least 15 people fighting in a single plot (which leads me to believe there might actually be bots or something).
The dessert map in Battlefield 3 is significantly bigger than Battlefront 2's Hoth though...and Hoth is the biggest map in that game. If Planetside 2 is your point of reference then nothing will match that!
It's complete chaos. There's no sense of tactical placement, just explosions and people dying and something could fall on you at any time and make you cry bullshit. Just like Battlefront should be :).
Yeah, I'm starting to believe that Atlus said, "Hey, let's just make an entirely new game that plays on every bad anime trope ever!" "But we promised them an FE and SMT crossover!" "Hmm...true...I got it! We name the characters those names, and just give them the right hair colors!"
I thought we were talking fruit salad, no idea why. Regardless, that suddenly becomes about 5 seconds of preparation instead (in that you just wash it then eat it!).
Oh God, I'm in the middle of Bravely Default right now (on Chapter 8). Awesome game, awesome story, cool characters, gorgeous art style, beautiful music, smooth and fun combat, etc. But right now I'm damn pissed about two things: 1) Fighting the Black Blades on Chapter 8. Screw the "My Hero" power so freaking much! I can't do shit against these guys! 2) You don't just replay the game's content once. Not twice. Not three times. Not four times. But FIVE times?! You can't be serious!!! I know it works with the story and all, but if it's not leading to a fun gameplay experience then change the story around it!
Oh right, I almost forgot about the fact that there's NG+. Well, maybe I'll go back to it eventually, but I have too large of a backlog to do that right now. I'm just trying to beat this game right now (100%ing it, mind you) so I can get to my other games lol.
I disagree. I think it's far worse. In Battlefront II, I'd always get massively bored when manning the AT-AT and I felt like I wasn't getting much done. With a snowspeeder though, making sure you can carefully and precisely do those tow cable runs without being shot either was always fun and intense. Not being able to do them and just watching a cutscene of it is hugely infuriating and loses a lot of that intensity.
Something I'd recommend is, if you want to start small, find three other guys (or girls, there are mixed versions) and start up a barbershop quartet! With a quartet you learn how to be especially precise with pitch, and how to match tone and resonance with others in harmony to create perfect "lock and ring" (you'll start hearing notes you four aren't even singing). Really freaking good arrangements are easy to come by, with stellar arrangements published by the barbershop harmony society at www.harmonymarketplace.com. They have unpublished ones too, but the arranger's fee is anywhere from $50-100 per arrangemement. Published ones are just around $3.50 each, and no less stellar either. Find a local barbershop chorus too. Pretty much, the songs they may sing are awesome, but what's even cooler is you can get into random quartets at any time with other members and start singing random songs you guys know (and trust me, once you're in a chorus you'll start knowing TONS of songs. I'm only a semester through my experience with barbershop and I know at least like 20 songs memorized, some on multiple voice parts. By October, that number will be up to about 30). Since you'll probably be in college soon too, quarteting can be maintained there, but you can also join a college a cappella group, or even form your own with friends (as others have mentioned, just start small with jamming stuff out and doing duets/trios). College a cappella has been one of the defining features of my college experience. Oh, and since you said you enjoyed Pitch Perfect, trust me when I say this: Pitch Perfect may be great, but it is not even *close* to the best stuff out there. Check this out, for example: Pitch Slapped - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w4XRiUVfY4 Or this: BYU Vocal Point - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVA3iYJ_H5Y Also, in the realm of barbershop, here are three really awesome ones (two of quartets, one of a chorus): Crossroads: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7mGjSZpdpk Vocal Spectrum: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAeMOHlaVl4 Ambassadors of Harmony: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmDGntpZC3I Here's a tip: don't stop listening to a cappella. One form or another.
You know, I'm gonna fight against this notion. He's playing WAY more interestingly than I've ever seen him before. Like, still a bit campy, but way less so than I've usually seen him.
Yeah, I was thinking that. You're exactly right, Smash 4's needs to be more ambitious. That being said, Smash 4 can benefit from the way in which MK8 handles all of its other features. Regional matchmaking included. That one is HUGE, and should be there in Smash 4 (where they arguably need it more).
&gt;perfect laser swordmanship Okay that's just not true. He had his ass handed to him every single time he picked that thing up.
I had only heard parts of it in the past but recently decided to watch the scene as it originally was, completely with that song. While I dislike most SE changes (except Ian McDiarmid in V, and giving Cloud City more scale, etc.), this is one I definitely appreciated. It just gave more closure to the entire trilogy because it's generally a more heartfelt, but at the same time epic ending to the trilogy. I think it also fits the rest of the music that appears near the end as well. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiM5zEEI_Jo) it is. Yub Nub feels like the ending to a movie. The SE finale feels like the end to a trilogy.
Disagree. While the combat certainly was improved in every way in ALttP, the exploration and satisfaction when finding something new is amazing. I only played that game for the first time a couple years ago, and it's my third favorite Zelda in the franchise (second is A Link Between Worlds, first is Link's Awakening).
&gt;Metroid games focus heavily on exploration so they're usually a bit vague, but the lack of a map and incredibly similar-looking environments made Metroid 2 completely unplayable for me. With Metroid 1 I could find my way through without a map because each room at least had different colors or different challenges that were mostly clearly distinguishable from each other. I knew that map super well by the time I was done with it and didn't really even use a map except for finding the varia suit. But Metroid 2...everything just looks the same, and some patterns are so similar to each other and some of the paths to where you have to go next are a chore to find. Stopped about a third of the way through it. Metroid 1 and Super Metroid felt infinitely better to me.
What's hilarious though is that even with those lock-ins, it was *still* super irritating. It just goes to show how much better organized Metroid 1 and Super Metroid were--even when not locked in, you could still find your way around. (And you could go large stretches of time without looking at the map in Super Metroid.)
Like I said, I was perfectly fine with having hardly any use outside of the extra combat boost. On Hero Mode, they helped *so* much. For the Treacherous Tower they were an even bigger help. And if they make the experience more satisfying with cool effects and lots of power, then I wouldn't call that pointless. Also, it's worth noting that getting all the Maiamais gave you the upgraded spin attack. Which was also pretty sweet.
I just watched Episode II a few nights ago. Believe me, the pacing was not *nearly* as good as VII's. Several scenes were either far too drawn out or didn't even need to be there. Dooku's introduction and involvement in the plot was super rushed. There was at least an hour's worth of romance scenes that I wish I didn't see. I could go on.
Also, if anything, he was one of my favorites in this film. No one beats Kylo Ren in my mind, but Finn was a close runner up. There was no new character that I disliked (except those we didn't get anything of yet like Phasma). The cast was so good that Rey, who I also really enjoyed, was my least favorite new character behind Kylo, Finn, Poe and BB-8.
My brother and I were watching it the other day. That's not even the worst part about that moment--the creepy touching and caressing that comes along with it is. Our thought process while watching: "Okay, so that line was pretty bad, but it was *that* ba--oh come on, Anakin, what the hell are you doing with your hands?! Stop that! That's so weird!"
You're welcome.
Don't thank us yet! We're not done until someone replies to me and we finish the episode (and on the topic, I'd assert it's one of the best episodes of television ever)!
Not to tell you how to live your life, but I'd be cautious about that mindset. One of the secrets to an extremely happy and long lasting marriage is to never stop trying to woo your spouse. This can be in many different forms, obviously, but the important thing is to not treat the actual wedding like the endgame where it can stagnate past that. Idk, just putting it out there. Feel free to disagree with me. One of the nice things about marriage I guess as well is that you don't always have to remain at the top of your game. But you should still try for it once in a while, right? Though if you keep a good haircut and don't grow facial hair, that's already a chunk of the battle.
You don't have to convince me. I'm a CompSci student in a School of Engineering.
Band Geeks is probably one of the greatest episodes of TV I've ever watched as well.
Exactly. I'll admit, I'm not married (still in college), but my parents have taught me a ton about healthy marriage just by how they treat it. I this respect, the sentence you used really does apply. Both my mom and dad still go to the gym at least 2-3 times a week (my mom goes like 5 times a week), still try to surprise each other with new clothing (whether on themselves or for each other), have a date night at least once every week or two. Even when my parents are lounging around in the house and don't have their hair or clothing super well done, they're still showered and not looking bad or disgusting by any means.
Oh, POOP, you never let us down!
"People talk loud when they want to act smart, right?" "**CORRECT!!!**" "Keep going! You're good! You're good! You're good!" Also, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3zk98y/what_are_some_simple_things_you_can_do_to_make/cymxwuf) is happening right now. EDIT: "But the door is locked. And the only way out is through the...*perfume department*."
As others have been saying, they're generally considered good movies (if not great, if not fantastic, depending on who you ask). The problem is, they're not really Star Trek movies by nature. Star Trek is hardly about the big action moments, or the sci-fi environment. It's about human nature, and it's speculative fiction, just told in a sci-fi universe. J.J.'s Star Trek movies felt like large-scale space opera adventures. Which is more of what Star Wars is like. And that doesn't make the films bad. It just means they're not as much Star Trek films.
Okay everybody...let's get this over with. One. Two. Three...Four...
Most people I know who saw it as their first Star Wars film really enjoyed it... Also, the best parts of the movie (characters, and the interactions they have, and the themes around them) are the new ones. Which bodes well for future installments.
I mean, there is online multiplayer. And local multiplayer. And playing against bots. EDIT: There was a wording misinterpretation on my part.
I mean, you're singling out only some of his lines. Han also had his blend of simpler and more clever comedy (Example: "It's not my fault! ...it's not my fault" and when he charges into a bunch of Stormtroopers, then turns the corner, screams, and runs the other way). It's part of the reason he was so enjoyable. Finn had some pretty funny and clever dialogue. ("Why are you helping me?" "...because it's the right thing to do." "...you need a pilot." "I need a pilot"). Also, singling out "hell no!" and "that's one hell of a pilot!" doesn't really apply as they're not supposed to be comedy. At this point, I consider either 5 or 7 to be the funniest Star Wars movie (most people do at this point, it seems). One of the best things about Episode 5's comedy is that it was a means of showing that they weren't taking the story *too* seriously all the time. Examples include Han Solo's "I know." and Luke's "I am ready. Ben, I can be a Jedi. Ben, tell him I'm read--" and then he bumps his head on the short ceiling. Lines like Poe's "...so who talks first, you talk first? I talk first?" were perfect for this.
Oh. Okay that makes much more sense.
Marvel movies also have the impediment of an already written canon. A canon that the movies seem required to follow at least a little. But the new Star Wars movies are intended to rewrite canon so that shouldn't be an issue. In an interview with Lawrence Kasdan, J.J. Abrams described their decision to make Episode 7 derivative of ANH deliberately so that they could "move backwards in order to move forwards". What that means is, Episode 7 was supposed to be a successful retread in the safe zone after the prequels turned off many fans, so that Episodes 8 and 9 have really solid ground to do really interesting and new stuff. That was the goal, at least. And since the groundworks of the whole trilogy were laid out ahead of time I imagine they succeeded. I hope so, at least.
That's totally subjective. Most people I know really liked that scene. The dialogue didn't feel forced at all and managed to explain the entire situation between them without just plain saying, "So, in case you didn't know: this is what happened." Obviously, we got the exposition out of it, but it never felt like they were over-explaining or forcing it. It felt like they hadn't seen each other in a while and were reminiscing.
I rewatched it yesterday and on Thanksgiving. Not only has the movie barely aged, but the pacing is absolutely impeccable.
I'm quite surprised you didn't forget about *all* the films you've forgotten.
It's not that the Star Wars title is excusing it for me. It's that I really didn't mind those moments. I didn't find them to be noticeable flaws. Except the Rathtar scene. That's the one scene that disconcerted me. The Star Wars name doesn't excuse these flaws to me. It certainly didn't excuse me rewatch of Episode 2 a few nights ago, I'll tell you that much. That movie had an entire hour's worth of content I wish wasn't there. Though I'll admit that I may also be subtly influenced by public opinion.
I disagree on those points. To each his own, but here's my take: - 1st spoiler: [](#s "First of all, while the Republic is barely introduced, I thought it a really deep touch for them to actually show the faces of people on the planet before it blows up. It's something the destruction of Alderaan could've benefited from--whether or not they're introduced before, watching the faces of billions as they are about to be wiped out hits me hard. I attribute the rest of the rush into action as, 'We just saw them blow up the Republic! They're going to blow us up now too! We need to act as soon as possible now that we know this weapon exists and it's being charged on us!") - 2nd spoiler: [](#s "Starkiller Base is introduced about a third into the movie, if not a third. It destroys the Hosnian system approximately halfway through. The final third is dedicated to its destruction. I've seen it twice--it definitely didn't fire further than a bit over halfway through. As for it having not as much weight, it wasn't really given much priority either. You know it's going to get destroyed, so instead they use it as a backdrop for the more intense, not before seen sequence of events that happens on the surface.") - 3rd spoiler: [](#s "Oh I loved the back and forth context switch. It reminded me of Return of the Jedi, and the Lord of the Rings Trilogy. You have the scene at hand, and then an update on the background plot. Back and forth. It's been done before, and it's often considered a very strong way of pacing two interweaving plots at once.") &gt;next to Carrie Fisher's acting and some of the dialogue. Oh I thought she was fantastic! She didn't do that much, but she was given the justice she deserved. She was Leia 30 years later, just as she should've been and she didn't steal the spotlight from the new main characters. &gt;I just wish the movie would not feel the need so much... I agree, but after the prequels, the studio probably felt this was the safest route to ensure success, and the start of a new trilogy that can take to new heights on much more stable ground. That's what J.J. has alluded to in his interviews, that they wanted to take a step backwards before moving forwards, which they now aim to do in 8 and 9.
I thought it was an awesome movie in many ways, and definitely deserved better than that score. That being said, one thing that really confuses me about the movie is how it's presented as if it was a true story (the biographically stated events and such) but in fact was not a true story. Also, Denzel surviving attacks that would've (and did) kill others in a few seconds/minutes. But those are relatively minor compared to the film's praises.
Interesting. I didn't actually look into that far, but I didn't have to. I only had to refute his point in a field I did actually know about! But this helps too!
Within the first half hour of T3, the movie rejects many of the best themes and features that made T1 and T2 so damn good.
I guess that's not why he's here.
An end to the Jedi, and to the Sith (since Vader was going to die as well). Huh.
Yeah couldn't find the right way to do it on this sub.
Health.
Hype isn't the only thing that settles with movies like this--**anti-hype comes around right afterwards** and settles soon after. We a huge hype train, and then in the weeks soon after there was a huge hate train. This is something that you need to understand--**it goes both ways**. For me, I saw it opening night. I absolutely loved it. I then saw it three days later with my family. Still absolutely loved it. Most friends of mine saw it around that same opening week. We all still love it. Some of my friends didn't like it as much--that's fine. When the hate train started rolling around on the internet, I admit I started to doubt my opinions on the movie. But then I rewatched episodes 4 and 5 with a friend (his first time seeing them), and rewatching them, I noticed that while people claim TFA is derivative, the feel, and many of its features on a much deeper level, are far different, but they still feel very much like Star Wars. Looking back at TFA, I was even more fond of it. After seeing some **people on the internet claim, "the prequels were better than this! At least they were original!"**, I had to go back and watch Episode II (since I do own it) with my brother out of curiosity. We said before watching, "Maybe the prequels are not actually that bad. Maybe the originals just set a high standard." We were wrong. **And holy shit are those people overreacting**. TFA probably should've been another 2 or 3 minutes longer to get some more exposition, but I vastly preferred that to EpII, which had at least a solid hour's worth of content I just wished I hadn't seen. **Better to keep me wanting more than wanting enormously less.** **Over a month afterwards, and I still love TFA.** Now that the hate train has mostly rolled by and has settled, I'm even more sure of how much I love the movie. Most of my friends who saw it when it opened loved it. Most of my friends who have just seen it recently loved it. It certainly has flaws, and I want Episodes 8 and 9 to be more divergent (which J.J. claims was the intended effect--that Ep7 would reground and 8 and 9 would take things further), but what I'm most impressed by is that **it was all of the new elements of the film that I loved most** (the new characters, the fact that Kylo wasn't Vader 2.0, humanizing Stormtroopers, making Stormtroopers actually capable fighters, the overall main new plot, the new lightsaber choreography, and the general quality of the filmmaking). So yeah. I'll claim that The Force Awakens was really that good. I can't rank it against Episodes 4, 5 and 6 yet because the new trilogy is not complete yet and both trilogies rely on their neighboring movies, but I can easily say that I enjoyed it far more than any of the prequels. That is a point I can make even without having seen the rest of this trilogy. Also, here's an awesome Chris Stuckmann video that really says it better than I can. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbaliPyihCY. It brings up an excellent parallel situation in the Indiana Jones franchise.
Not only that, but rewatching Episodes I and II, they have just as many nostalgic callbacks, and many come off as super forced and just to be there. TFA was *definitely* not the movie to start doing this.
The pseudo-Empire is not nearly in the same position of power that the Empire was. They're closer in line with power to the Separatists. The resistance is in line with the rebellion, but there's also the republic dynamic added. We also have no idea of Rey. Kylo's internal struggle is far different than Vader's, and we arrive to it at a far different time as well. And do we know that his change of heart will save the day? You're making assumptions about movies you haven't seen just because 5 and 6 did it. That's exactly the opposite of what's being claimed by J.J. (who, well, wrote and directed this movie and is on the board for the next two).
Fair enough. I agree with that, actually.
&gt;42% of those movies all have the same climax. 57%, actually. The Trade Federation base in Episode I definitely counts. &gt;But JJ won't be directing 7 or 8 so how invested was he in telling the story. George Lucas didn't write or direct Episode V but it's still part of the story he designed. Same with Episode VI, where he didn't direct it but had a slight hand in writing it. Much like the OT and the PT, a very basic outline of the story was probably established well ahead of time. You can tell, based on many of the mysteries that have been established to be answered in this movie (as well as in IV). My assumption is that this base outline was designed by at least Michael Arndt and J.J., since J.J. is still executive producer for the next two movies, and Arndt wrote the original script before it was rewritten by J.J. and Kasdan. Rian Johnson was almost definitely filled in on the basic outline, and interviews have actually reported that Rian Johnson was involved in making changes here and there to the rest of the trilogy, so he's also involved in the story. So J.J. may not be writing or directing it, but he's still in the seat where it seems he had huge involvement in the design of the full trilogy story, with Johnson, Kasdan, and Arndt also heavily involved. And he's still executive producer.
&gt;The fact that the new villain in VII is Han's son How? Was Vader the son of anyone important? What makes that a rehash? Keeping to the Skywalker bloodline is not something of a rehash--it's keeping it consistent because the Star Wars movies are intended to be about the Skywalker bloodline.
Rhyming and circular nature is something very common with Star Wars. The name might be a bit funny because of that, but it's consistent with Star Wars. At least it's not a literal Death Star III.
&gt;The best pilot still got shot by the star destroyer. Because missiles. With no way to dodge them. &gt;the main evil jedi almost got beat by the sanitation guy He didn't almost beat him. He got his ass handed to him. &gt;oh I have Luke Skywalkers lightsaber and I just keep it in a shoe box in the basement Not a shoebox. And she obviously monitors it quite closely. And it seemed to be locked away and opened only for Rey. Maz seems to know who Rey is--she looked like she was leading her there. &gt; the most sought after droid anywhere but lets take him to the pub ...because they're trying to find someone to send the droid away! &gt;How about one of the few force capable beings in the universe just happens to be on the same planet as the MF and in the same area on that planet and when the empire attacks she just happens to be in the same area as falcon and she happens to run that way and oh despite it being in the middle of the desert they left the ****** door open. Chance encounters are common in Star Wars, and a huge part of the wonder of the story. Hey, how did 3PO and R2 manage to somehow land within a few miles of the exact spot where the son of Anakin Skywalker was being hidden from him on Tatooine?
If she *is* Luke's daughter, they won't make it the big reveal. They'll make it a side reveal. Just as they did with Kylo Ren with his reveal.
&gt;More like recycling. Which, as indicated by the 2nd and 3rd Indiana Jones films, is not always a bad thing. People consider The Last Crusade to be the best Indie film, but it's virtually a carbon copy of Raiders. You're right. Hitting all the marks doesn't make it great. What makes it great is the content. And the new stuff. Stormtroopers being capable. And being humanized. An awesome new cast. A new villain that really offers something new. Excellent filmmaking (lighting, sets, directing, cinematography, pacing, editing, action sequences, dialogue sequences, writing, etc.). And retaining the Star Wars feel through and through. That's why people love it. Not once have I seen someone say, "I loved the movie because it felt like A New Hope." I do, however, hear people saying, "I loved the movie because the new cast was awesome, and because it was just a well made film all the way through."
&gt;The Prequels had a very similar cinematic feel to the OT, more so than TFA May more so than TFA, but definitely not close to OT. After rewatching the OT twice in the past 2-3 months, and rewatching Episode II recently as well, the cinematography is *completely* different. And while some of the ships looked "Star Wars-y" some designs definitely stuck out as not fitting the same feel.
&gt;that the Jedi had abandoned the ideals they professed to follow. But something that has been shown throughout much of Star Wars EU lore is that this is often a huge flaw of the Jedi Order. They claim to be keepers of the peace, guardians, yet will often sit by as the galaxy burns. In fact, they'll often do nothing, not even nonviolent actions to profess peace. Only when Sith get involved do they get off their asses. She may claim that the Jedi have gone against their ideals, but many would claim that the Jedi Order's tendency to remain borderline apathetic also violates their ideals.
It's better than the TCW first season, but not *much* better. It's getting me aggravated how often the show seems to use the content of TCW and of the OT as a crutch for content of sorts. This wouldn't be a problem if it was well executed, but it's not often well executed. Also, a big flaw with the show that's often ridiculously grating: the Imperials are absolutely useless. They'll fire repeatedly from ten feet away and still miss their targets--their targets usually not even bothering to take cover. Then, when the Rebels charge them, they'll suddenly stop firing. A Rebel will say, "there's no way we can take off when the ship is locked down like that" and then they'll take off, breaking the lock which was supposed to be unbreakable. In the most recent episodes, two walkers fired upon small-medium sized ships, and it barely even scratched the ships. When the ships fired back, they did humongous damage to the walkers. That's just not how walkers work (remember Episode V when they'd go completely unfazed to even the most powerful attacks to their bodies?). And it should be a minor flaw, but because of how absurdly facepalmy it gets, there's just no tension. You know that Imperial vehicle that was professed to be unstoppable will go down easy. And you know that even a legion of troopers will never land any of their 30 shots they take from 10 feet away.
The conclusion to the third act is one of the few moments in cinema that have made me cry. So beautiful and the message it sends is incredibly uplifting.
It seems to less speak about his madness, and more of his hyperactive imagination. The antics in those strips, without seeing Hobbes talk, remind me of my childhood with my own dolls that I made into imaginary friends. Obviously, the antics I had weren't nearly as ridiculous, but that's why I credit Calvin's particularly strong imagination.
It's actually not that faithful to the comic either. In the comics the characters are very different, and I don't think the robot was a repurposed medical care assistant, for example. Doesn't even seem like there was any brother involved, either. I was very much not a fan of the movie, and my first way of trying to justify the movie was say, "Maybe it's trying to be faithful", and I look it up and the comic is VERY different.
You're not getting downvoted for an unpopular opinion. You're getting downvoted because your comment is strange and tries to villainize those who liked the movie. Most people I know who absolutely loved the movie are not big Star Wars fans. They just thought it was a really awesome movie as it was. And then most of my big Star Wars fan friends also really loved it. &gt;Personally, I enjoyed Deadpool more the the last SW movie. Why is this at all relevant?
Well, not everyone is saying that about him. In my experience, it's been a half and half experience. Half of people hate him and think he's pathetic, and half think he's brilliant and easily one of the best characters we've seen from Star Wars. And for the most part, I've seen the people in the latter camp have a similar experience to me. I think it's a matter of if they *got* that moment. I think SNLs characterization of Kylo Ren is indication that this was very much intended as well.
It didn't help that the writing for the movie and show at the time was terrible for the most part. Ahsoka came off as bratty for the most part. The nickname "Skyguy" was just grating on the ears. She had infinite plot armor no matter how foolishly she acted. There were no consequences for her actions when they were bad. She faced off against enemies that, with her experience, should've ripped her apart. And she'd hold her ground well. (She held off Grevious singlehandedly with hardly any experience at one point--this was a guy who once took on three Jedi Masters and a couple padawans at once, and destroyed them).
James Bond works. Starlord in the Guardians of the Galaxy movie doesn't really fail at anything and is the only one to hold the power of the stone at the end. Captain America too. All three are generally considered great characters.
&gt;think there's a negative connotation to tweeting "Donald Trump thinks women deserve equal pay for equal work," The rest of your post is very valid, but I just wanted to address this and play devil's advocate: When Donald Trump says “You’re gonna make the same if you do as good a job," he's not saying women deserve equal pay and that he will fight for it. He's saying, "Well, if you women want equal pay so badly, maybe you should just do a better job at it," implying there's not also inherent sexism in the system (of which there is definitely huge evidence) and that women simply don't do the job as well. There *is* a negative connotation to it.
I'm not going to debate that either--I'm debating that Trump's tweet very much can have a negative connotation to it, when you're making it an absurd notion for it to have one.
I hate this movie with a passion, but the killing Zod scene I thought could've been absolutely brilliant...I was ready to forgive the movie of so many of its sins. "Wow, this is amazing. Now, Clark can sit on the weight of his actions, and perhaps he can learn to define his own moral code from this point on, now that he knows what it feels like to go too far. It's a great way to transition into the Superman we know!" And then the next scene blew up any possible payoff it could've had with some campy airfield scene that seemed to completely forget the previous scene happened. None of the rich character development that could've been utilized happened. And then I went back to hating the movie.
The only thing I don't like about it is the main villain (as someone who never knew about the Mandarin before the film, I didn't mind the twist--it was the other guy I didn't like). The rest I thought was damn awesome!
For me, it's either Bebop or Avatar: The Last Airbender as my favorite TV show ever.
I absolutely adore Bebop--it's one of my favorite shows ever, next to Avatar The Last Airbender--but I wasn't the biggest fan of Champloo. The music and animation were as top notch as Bebop's, but thought the characters and story were not nearly as compelling or interesting as Bebop's. Great show overall...but I certainly had problems with it.
Let's kick the beat! For myself, it just gets too hard to choose. So I have different categories. For comedy, I have to go with Cowboy Funk. For really capturing the essence of what the show is about in a single episode, I'll go with Speak Like A Child. For a guilty pleasure episode for how stupid yet so brilliant it is, I go with Toys in the Attic. For cinematography and editing, Pierrot Le Fou for sure. For music and compelling side story, Jupiter Jazz. For being one of the greatest endings to a TV show ever, along with just telling an amazing story and tying the whole show together near-flawlessly, The Real Folk Blues.
OK, 3. 2. 1. Let's jam!
The final scene in Cowboy Bebop.
&gt;others fall flat There's only one episode in the entire 26 that most would consider to fall flat, and that's Boogie Woogie Feng Shui. Just about all the others are very enjoyable and add to the characters and atmosphere. They range in quality, yes, but that's because they range from masterful to just great.
Haha I'll give you that--I agree. My mindset is still, "How can they make a Batman and Superman movie so disliked that it doesn't even gross a billion? Both of those names are each more recognizable that almost the entirety of the Avengers, and the latter made almost double what it did!" And throw Deadpool in there too because that was rated R and made almost as much with a fifth of the budget! Back to Force Awakens, it had an amazing marketing team which gave it a fantastic opening, but its staying power throughout the weeks was also insane (so many people rewatching it in theaters too...I saw it three times, and I've even heard two people mention they saw it *twelve* times).
Oh come on, no it's not. That's like an old 50s cartoon gimmick where the girls giggle and hold it in when a handsome guy passes by. Not only is it unrealistic, but in this situation given the context of the scene and the rest of what's going on, that line made no sense.
They're very consistent with themselves too. My biggest gripe with this scene is that it happens right after the killing Zod scene, a moment that was absolutely brilliant and could've led to some amazingly human development that could've led to the Superman we know and love. And then they wasted the opportunity. Sucks, really.
I agree that the whole movie really felt devoid of it. That being said, maybe that's a human sentiment (it definitely is), but the smirk and line just didn't feel like it at all.
Cowboy Bebop. Gintama is my second favorite though.
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker Now don't get me wrong--the presentation in the game is top notch, and story, characters, writing, art style...all brilliant. But I played the game after finishing A Link to the Past, and A Link Between Worlds twice. These are two of the fastest, most well-paced Zelda games ever. To jump into a game with a 30 minute tutorial, minutes-long sessions of doing absolutely nothing, many enemy encounters whose optimal strategies involve nonstop rolling and poking, "meh" boss fights, and dungeons that feel like they still take extremely long times even when you're breezing through how easy they are...I just couldn't handle it. So yeah, outstanding presentation and atmosphere...but the gameplay kinda killed it for me.
Finn has many more moments of badassery and heroics than comic relief in the movie. Equating him to just comic relief is like equating Han Solo to just comic relief.
That's one video that doesn't speak for all moviegoers. Reviews were very mixed. And most people I know who remembered seeing Ep1 on release really didn't like it, even back then. They've told me the reaction to it, both in release and over the next while, has been significantly different from that of TFA. Also, the climate of hype was completely different. Blind hype was much easier there because of how good the originals were. Cautious hype was more common here because of how bad the prequels were.
I've seen reviewers claiming they've never been fans of Star Wars but loved VII. I have several friends who watched Star Wars for the first time only recently and loved 7 (actually, all my friends who were newbies to it loved it). One even said 7 was her easy favorite (more than Empire or ANH).
See, this is why I can't take you seriously. That's not at all how either of those scenes played out. EDIT: OK, I see I'm being downvoted, so let me elaborate. - What makes Spock beating up Khan laughable? It was the end result of a chase and other fighting. - One of the cool elements of Spock's arc is the constant battle between his human and vulcan side. And the negatives of both sides. When Spock is about to kill him, its both his human rage and Vulcan logic influencing him. No real downsides, honestly--this isn't Batman where there is an inner conflict about being an executioner. When the revelation comes along that Khan can be used to heal spock, its his human sense of connection and sentimentality that wins over the human rage for a moment so that he can revive his friend. The Vulcan logic part also disappears, but here we're beckoning for the human rage to not overtake him. Before that, there is no reason why Khan should live there. - Rey beat Kylo who just destroyed Finn, was wounded in the side by a bowcaster that previously was flinging stormtroopers 20 feet, and was ordered to not kill Rey. And who didn't expect Rey's ability--similar instances have happened in Star Wars before. - Rey has no reason to have an internal conflict about killing at this point. There is no point in the series where she is exposed to a "no killing" mantra. Why would she need that internal conflict? Also, **JJ didn't write Star Trek Into Darkness. Or most of TFA.**
&gt;It's the most 6/10 movie I've ever seen. This is something I can't quite understand. Even if you weren't the biggest fan, the main complaint was that it was derivative. But its other individual elements are far beyond 6/10 for the most part. Editing, cinematography, writing, pacing, characters and their arcs, and general direction with Star Wars feel were all pretty much aced. Besides, the things that it did the most right (Stardestroyer graveyard battle, the new lightsaber duels, interrogation scene, Kylo Ren, and the character chemistry) were the ones that weren't copy pasted.
Same. I saw the movie three times in theaters. The third time was months afterwards, after the hate train started rolling in. I also began to be curious about my own opinions. And I rewatched it. And my opinion still had not changed about how much I loved it.
TFA's blend of CGI and practical effects was near flawless with the exception of the Rathtar scene IMO.
See my reply [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/4qe10j/will_smith_on_why_you_cant_get_away_with_making/d4si3pw).
&gt;I guess if you break a movie down into a features list like that... My intention wasn't to break down the movie into parts and prove that's why it's good. It was to present the argument that it is not "the most 6/10 movie". I agree that the purpose of the movie is to tell the story, but I think that TFA did this exceptionally well, and these factors certainly helped in that.
&gt;As soon as Po cracked a joke in the first scene after that old dude died and the camp was destroyed a tons of people were killed I knew that it was just gonna be "The Avengers: Space Edition". If you think this way then you don't quite get Star Wars--the originals did this kind of stuff all the time. It was one of the things that made Empire, for example, so good. The movies never took themselves *far* too seriously, and any point they were going to, they broke the tension. "I know" is the perfect example of this. &gt;in the other films it was made perfectly clear that it is hard work to become that good and there are a few others. In the other films we're given a farm boy with no exposure to any high tech, the Force, weapons, etc. We're also given a little child with only some tech savviness. In this movie we're given an older scavenger who's fought and scavenged and worked with tech all her life. It's a different intro point. Being able to do a mind trick and Force pull aren't "crazy good". I'm not going to argue everything you wrote right now because I've argued them elsewhere and I'm tired of it right now because it's consuming too much time.
The airport scene.
But doesn't the entire movie deal with the baggage of the last several Marvel movies? And in the first scene too. That baggage becomes the focal point of the rest of the movie. That's why he's saying to watch Civil War.
Lord and Miller are directing it too?! I absolutely adored what they did for The Lego Movie. And yeah, the fact that this is not only a Kasdan project, but a project he's really wanted to do for a while, gives me so much optimism. Empire Strikes Back was the best written of the first six Star Wars, and TFA definitely shows that he's still got it (I'd rank its writing as second only to Empire).
Very true. But at the same time, I expected Superman to realize he crossed a line there. Knowing the line, he could develop, deal with it, and move on. But he just skipped straight to the move on part after three minutes in the film. I don't need him to be a dark character. He shouldn't be. He should be a man of uncompromising ideals, giving people hope through everything he does. That's what should come from the moment where he crossed a line--he realizes that is a line he never wants to cross again. But that kind of thing didn't happen. And it's a shame, because it's a very natural way for something like that to happen.
There are several defenses for Avengers: - Avengers' tone is generally lighter. It may have serious moments, but its tone is far more consistent throughout. Man of Steel didn't know what it wanted to be. It had super stark contrast of tone in alternating scenes in ways that was super jarring and didn't seem to make sense. Serious moments that should've been reaped more were just dumped. Avengers provided a much more smooth experience with this. - The Avengers put much more effort into avoiding destroying buildings, saving civilians, and pushing conflict away from those who couldn't defend themselves. Superman pulls Zod into several different buildings and launches him through them. - Superman is way more controllable than the Hulk, and yet the Hulk was able to hold off on collateral damage much more easily than Superman. Or, at least, he showed that he cared about it. - Avengers doesn't dump its chance to linger on this. Man of Steel seems to show it happen, and then dump it. But Avengers 2 and Civil War do actually focus on the collateral damage, and then roll with them and their effects and repercussions throughout the rest of the films. They present the ideas, *and* roll with them.
Oh God...
&gt;And that would have also arguably assuaged the the criticism of that final fight for a lot of people, as you've been saying. Well...despite that moment, all the fight scenes in Man of Steel still were not very well done. CGI-wise, fantastic, but pacing-wise, most were just back and forth punching with zero progression to the fight until what seemed to be a coin toss at the very last second. Compare that to fight scenes in movies like Avengers, Winter Soldier, Civil War, Deadpool...those are far more dynamic and show progression.
Pre-divergence, FMA is far better than FMA:B. Afterwards, I think FMA:B is much better paced and goes in a stronger, cleaner direction.
Yeah, but even some of the design decisions were just so much worse. One thing that angered me about FMA:B is that the same stock music was used way too much, oftentimes in situations where they didn't belong. For example, at the big plot twist where Ed and Al discover that philosopher stones are made from people, in the original FMA, there is no music. Just dead silence. And it works super well. In FMA:B, for the same moment, they use stock music, and it kinda ruins it.
Why do you need caps? Why do you need to talk illegibly? And even as one of Marvel's better know heroes, Cap is still far less of a household and mainstream name than Batman or Superman. Also, Iron Man 3 made about 400 mil more than Batman V Superman. And one good scene does not make a whole movie. The difference between that Cap scene and that BvS scene is that the rest of Winter Soldier measures up to it in quality. BvS does not.
It's probably the script's fault. It was just so downright cheesy a lot of the time that it takes you out of the "grittier" tone.
It's a bit of a gray area. On one hand, you're right that there's less horror elements. On the other, Sarah's borderline insanity gets really difficult to watch, there's a bit more gore, the characters get deeper, and the depictions of the apocalypse and Armageddon get pretty chilling.
Arnie opens up his arm and parts of his skin in T2 too. There's also focus on the inventor guy as he's bleeding out and shivering in pain.
So why does that make them less prone to having low-precision blasters? Hell, if anything, that makes them more prone to it. Also, ships are typically cargo vessels in Star Wars. Why use giant, incredibly slow walkers instead?
Not quite. Some of the main ones he quoted were the exact top comments I was seeing on the video. Hell, there wasn't a top comment on the last video that *wasn't* addressed in this response video.
I mean, I *loved* TFA. I liked Rogue One. I just wish people weren't so quick to ignore or defend the major problems in films, especially in Rogue One, so that we can't push for the next movies to be even better. Despite my issues with Rogue One though, even it made me satisfied with the idea that we're getting a new Star Wars movie a year.
Wait, you didn't like the saber fight? Most people I know consider it one of the best in the franchise. It's use of environment, an actual sense of tug of war, music, atmosphere (the way the sabers glowed off each others' faces in particular), and the weightiness of it felt ridiculously visceral.
It has the effect of a Zac Snyder movie (but not nearly to the same extent) where it tries to be gritty but the script gets to cheesy that it creates tonal inconsistency.
Fair enough, but that's also hardly my problem with them. My problem with them is dilution of the menace in the Empire scene.
I'm honestly surprised about the response to my comment in a lot of ways. It's very hard for Star Wars in general to cross the line of cheesiness because it generally is a bit cheesier. But Rogue One had a ridiculous amount of moments where it just popped into my mind, "Wow. That was so damn cheesy."
The Incredibles. No capes!
It seems to be a bit more divisive than Rogue One, particularly because the critics are far more mixed about it as well. Just to name a few examples, you have Jeremy Jahns, Chris Stuckmann and RLM who all loved TFA (Awesometacular, A+, and general positive response, respectively), and the former two named it their favorite movie of 2015. Then with Rogue One, Jeremy still loved it but it was his number 6 or something of 2016, Chris Stuckmann (B, I think?), and RLM (general "meh"). Metascore is also 81 for TFA versus 65 for Rogue One. But despite that, generally most people really like both. Including critics--that's why TFA has a 94% and Rogue One has an 85% on RT. It's really hard to not at least *like* the movies. &gt;EU cry babies who can't accept that the EU is not canon Oh, don't even get me started. I saw one person say, "Why couldn't they just make TFA about the Yuzzhan Vong war?! That would've been so much better!" Meanwhile, the Yuzzhan Vong war is one of the most panned pieces of the old EU...
And that's why they weren't just for troop transport--they were simultaneously that and siege weapons, and ridiculously well armored.
- I haven't really heard anyone mention that as a cheesy moment. It was also well-delivered. - That's a line that's been in every Star Wars movie--it's just part of it. Also, Han said the word "bad" really short. - Pretty sure Han didn't say that. In fact, he actually just stayed silent. Maz shouted out "*Han Solo!*" - The 2 gangs scene is something that could've been super cheesy if it had poor delivery. But the delivery was strong so it didn't stick out. - Odd couple? I mean, she yells at him for grabbing her hand twice out of nowhere, especially when she's been a loner for, like, ever, but that's it. - I mean, Finn could also be exuberant and youthful...when you live a life of conditioning, its a lot of repressed exuberance that could be released. I find it funny how people say him not being completely bland is unrealistic when in real life, it's often the ones who have been cooped up with a super repressive religion all their lives (or something of the sorts) who end up going completely crazy or out there when given an ounce of freedom. - Maybe...I mean, it's an old droid that holds a lot of memories and value (both actual and sentimental) to those in the Resistance, and they wanted to keep it safe while on low power mode. Part of it is the fact that much of this stuff was well executed and delivered. The reason why Rogue One came across as far cheesier is because not only was quite a bit of its dialogue worse, but the delivery got super shoddy at times. Most of the time, not the actor's fault, but probably as a result of bad direction. James Earl Jones and the "choke" line is a great example of this.
Interesting. In my experience it's near universal consensus that E7's writing is significantly stronger than Rogue One. But to each his own.
A few things: 1) Humor is not the same thing as cheese. You seem to be mixing the two. Cheese in movies is actually more like failed melodrama in nature. Or things like puns for comedy. And the exploitation of cheese can be used for clever humor. I'll actually use one of your examples to demonstrate my point: &gt;Poe Dameron: Wait, why are you helping me? &gt;Finn: ...because it's the right thing to do. If the scene had left off over here, that would have been ridiculously cheesy. That's like the silliest Hollywood trope ever where someone does something good because of some arbitrary sense of what's "right" and "wrong" without any exposure to it. &gt;[small pause] &gt;Poe: ...you need a pilot. &gt;Finn:...I need a pilot. This actually diverted potential cheese into clever humor, by subverting a typical trope used, and turning it on its head. Suddenly, Finn isn't just some guy who somehow is asserting these arbitrary morals that he doesn't know--he's a desperate opportunist. 2) Different properties have different thresholds of cheese, and different pieces of dialogue have different levels of it. For example, none of these lines, whether humorous or not, would fit at all in a movie like The Shining. But in a Star Wars film, they fit perfectly fine. The reason why I still got disrupted by Rogue One's cheesiness is because it got so cheesy it actually crossed even Star Wars' line. Which I honestly wasn't sure was so possible. 3) Delivery is also key. Every single one of the lines you cited could've been too cheesy and stupid in the wrong actor's hands, or with bad direction. But each of those moments you cited were delivered extremely well, with tone to match. So it worked, and never took me out of the film. But with Rogue One, half of the time there was a cheesy line it was delivered *extremely* poorly, or given bad direction to the inflection was off. Or, just didn't belong tone-wise. It also hurts the movie because it was supposed to be a grittier title, and yet it was even cheesier than TFA, so there was some stark and distracting tonal inconsistency. It reminded me, to a lesser extent of my comparison of The Avengers and Suicide Squad (though to a far lesser extent): the former was able to stay pretty light and still not cross its line of cheesiness, while the latter tried to be far grittier and yet was far cheesier.
So this is actually my favorite joke of all time, but may I suggest an augmentation of it? It makes the last line hit even harder, while also foreshadowing it: So one time there was this kid named Tim. Tim wanted to really wanted to go to the school prom with a girl named Janet. So one day, at school, he walked up to Janet and asked if she wanted to go. She said yes! But Tim had spent so much time waiting that he now had to get a tux, rent a limousine, and buy flowers all at the last minute. So first he went to rent a tux. And sure enough, since this was last minute, there was this *huge* line at the tux rental shop. But Tim was determined to make this work so he waited on the huge tux line for two hours and got his tux. Then he went to rent a limousine, and sure enough, at the rental agency there was a huge line there too! This one about an hour long wait. But once more, Tim strengthened his resolve, and waited on the long limousine line. Finally, he had to buy flowers, and what do you know? There was a huge flower line outside of the flower shop as well! Tim was getting really tired at this point, but he really liked Janet, so he waited on the long flower line, another hour and a half, and got his flowers. On the day of prom, he pulls him in a pristine limo, wearing a gorgeous tux and holding beautiful flowers. Tim and Janet go to prom. They're dancing and having a wonderful time. Tim asks, "How are you feeling, Janet?" "Oh, I'm doing wonderfully!" she replies. "But I'm a bit thirsty. Is it possible you can go get me some punch?" "Sure thing! One moment!" So he goes over to the punch table, and sure enough, there is no punch line.
The Battle Of Hoth is still known to this day as one of the most epic battles in cinema history. And most lists of best Star Wars moments online will have it in the top 5. It's also trope-defying and points to one of the ways Empire was groundbreaking for its time (having the big battle at the *beginning* of the film, rather than as the climax). The Battle Of Coruscant makes me think "Oh that's really cool and flashy!" The Battle of Hoth gives me *chills* every time I watch it.
&gt;When Man of Steel came out people complained it was too dark and grounded. I hated Man of Steel, but not at all for that reason. On the contrary--it seemed like Snyder couldn't decide if he wanted bright or dark, and there was often huge tonal inconsistency between the scenes and cinematography, and the script. Perhaps the most aggravating moment for me that I've ever seen in theaters was the killing Zod sequence. *Not that I hated that he killed him--I actually love that scene*, think it was absolutely brilliant, and it was a grounded, powerful way they could establish Superman's moral compass. Sort of as a line drawn where not to cross, after feeling what it's like to cross it once. But then the next scene is super campy, completely disregards what just happened, has one of the cringiest lines I've ever seen in a film, and the movie almost forgets that Zod died from that point on. In a span of 5 minutes, I want from being mildly annoyed by the movie as a whole, to being ready to forgive the movie of most of its bad elements, to hating the movie.
Fair enough.
Just going to [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWars/comments/5lwe1j/just_got_finished_watching_episode_iii_again/dbzz4zp/) right here me venting on how damn good the Battle of Hoth is...
Oh *that* one. I was referring to another but that one is really good too.
I agree completely. Mass Effect 2's combat and gameplay were ridiculously smoother than Mass Effect 1, *and* thanks to the addition of really cool unique class powers and combinations, each class felt far more distinct. It made me replay Mass Effect 2 far more, without even having it start at Mass Effect 1. Mass Effect 3's combat and gameplay were strong (despite my many other problems with that game), but something that greatly inhibited replayability for me was that as any class, I could use any weapon. It diluted the specialization and class differences and made even in multiplayer a lot of the classes feel the same. This seems to be taking that one step further and I'm really skeptical about it.
&gt;Mass Effect has never been about combat Mass Effect 2 is still one of my favorite games of all time, and one of the big reasons for that is the entirety of the Vanguard class. Mass Effect can both be strong at worldbuilding and RPG elements, *and* combat.
See, if you thought of him as emo Vader, you completely misunderstood the point of his character.
Wait, hang on: &gt;seduced by the dark side ...so is every Dark Side user? &gt;kills family Vader didn't do that. &gt;similar power set What do you mean by this? Outside of standard telekinesis and sensing abilities, Vader's signature was remotely choking people. Kylo Ren's is his unique saber, stopping blaster bolts in midair, freezing *people*, and using the Force to probe their minds. He also never remotely chokes. So...completely different power set, actually. Regardless, his whole shtick is that he is set up in the first half of the movie as kind of a Vader 0.9. Like, he's pretty menacing, and shows off some ridiculous power and ability, but he's also less restrained, less disciplined, his voice isn't as menacing as James Earl Jones, his walk not as composed or proper as Prowse's. His helmet and costume are awesome (yeah going to disagree with you there), but still not as much as Vader's. The whole turning point (and pretty much everybody I know who thinks Kylo Ren is ridiculously good as a character found this to be the exact same spot where they fell in love with him) is the interrogation scene, where he takes off the helmet. You're expecting to see some sort of big facial scar or disfigurement or something...any sort of reason to have that helmet. And then there's nothing--and it's frustrating ("What?! Why the hell is he wearing that thing then anyway?!")...until it hits you. And as the scene goes on, layers are added to his character. You realize this whole vibe of his throughout the first half of the movie was the whole point. The insecurities, vulnerabilities and instability become more evident. And suddenly he is something completely different than Vader. And deliberately leaves more questions than answers, and makes us want to learn more about him. And despite these vulnerabilities becoming evident, he's still dangerous. He incapacitates Finn without even trying. Kills Han. And almost beats Rey (and actually, at several points was one intentional strike away from killing her) when he 1) underestimated her, 2) was severely injured, 3) had the emotional burden of just killing his father, 4) was instructed not to kill her. Yeah, the emotionally unstable power part is reminiscent of prequels Anakin, but it's also far better written and acted. The difference between Kylo and Ronin from Guardians of the Galaxy, for example (or even Krennic from Rogue One), is that I would definitely not be sad if we never saw them in the MCU and Star Wars canon, respectively, again. On the other hand, Kylo is a character who's made two years feel like an eternity because I'm desperate to learn more about him.
What you're saying is definitely sound. I still like specializations far more for the added replay factor though. By not blending it all together, it makes me actively embrace my own specialization to the fullest nature and explore it to the deepest level, as well as just making every play through feel different.
&gt;in fact, he just straight up isn't In ANH he is just as much as Rey was in TFA. The most impressive feat he ever accomplished with the Force is still that trench run hit. He also learned to be a better shot with a blaster than a Stormtrooper, having never used one before, in less than a day. His whininess doesn't even stick out much without Empire giving context. There is only one point in the whole ANH in which he fails at something is when he was knocked out by a Tusken Raider very early on.
&gt;Not before getting chased to the edge of a cliff by Kylo Ren. And the only reason she wins is because she remembers to close her eyes and let the force take over. Kylo was also injured. *And* he wasn't aiming to kill her. If he wanted to he could've done so right then and there.
No, it's not. There was no weak point. There was a giant building that was heavily armored enough to avoid any bombardment. The heroes went inside to try to blow it up, only were able to set up half the charges. Didn't do enough damage, but did enough to open up a hole. The hole is where Poe went in and finished the job.
I mean, that goes without saying that it's the closest to ANH. I do think it doesn't give enough credit to TFA when George's quote is mentioned, however. The reason being that while TFA followed the frame of another movie to bring some actual game-changing new stuff like the new characters, it didn't *rely* on the old. That's why when people mention the best moment from TFA, it's most often *not* Han's death, even though that moment is extremely powerful. It's usually the new stuff they'll mention. For me it's everything about Kylo Ren. But the way George shoehorns old references and characters and callbacks into the prequels, it felt like although he added some new stuff, he was insecure about it all the way through. And hoped the old would prop it up. TFA is retro in a lot of ways, but it doesn't *rely* on the old. Or even try to rely on it.
Yes...inside the room that wasn't even open until a lot of careful detonator placement was used.
Suicide Mission is one of the best final missions in any game, ever.
There are too many shots like this throughout the movie for them to all be coincidental.
The issue is the movie spent a *ridiculous* amount of time trying to establish characters and then spend a lot of time on them. But not only were they inconsistent, and not only did half of them barely even interact at all with the other half at all (despite being within 10 feet of one another through at least half the film), but they also chose to over-dramatize each and every one of their deaths. This was so much the case that the dissonance between the dramatization and how layered any of these characters made the deaths feel forced. So this excuse that "it isn't about the characters" does not hold water, because movie clearly wanted to make it about the characters. Also, the argument about its purpose being to add context also doesn't hold water because not only was it marketed as a standalone film, but a film that adds context could do so while simultaneously establishing its own good characters. Or have good writing. And good pacing.
&gt;Much like TFA, the movie is jumping around so much that you can tell entire character storylines were eliminated to save time. Definitely not comparable. TFA spent its focus on at most two planets/locations at a time. Characters are consistent, interact with each other, have great chemistry, and learn a lot about them by their actions rather than being told about what happens to them. Rogue One, at a point, jumps between 5 locations in a span of 10 minutes, introduces three or four new ones in a span of 5 minutes, and for most of them, hardly gives us a chance to latch onto any. Character behaviors are also sometimes inconsistent and half of them never even interact with the other half for most of the film, despite being less than 10 feet in proximity away from each other.
I saw that movie several months ago and I *still* don't know what I thought about it. Like, I don't think, "I really liked that!" or "I really hated that!" I think, "That...happened. Huh."
And I would heavily disagree with you. But to each their own.
First off, he's more arrogant halfway through the movie. 20 years later he should be wiser...more capable. He was actually more capable at getting things done when he was younger. And even if he was actually a bit more capable later but less arrogant and thus his failure showed far more and he didn't succeed once later in the movie, that's a structural issue. It means the main villain is not threatening. He's also just plain less interesting as a character the more the movie goes on. There's like no hook to him for the entire second half of the film.
I mean, he's right. Even if Rogue One added, if it was never made there wouldn't be a gap needing to be filled for decades.
I mentioned this on a similar thread, but Warner Brothers had at least three opportunities themselves to easily make a billion on a film. Batman V Superman, Suicide Squad and Fantastic Beasts all had fantastic marketing and incredible first weekends, but then lost all momentum when they were bad, terrible and alright, respectively.
Exactly. The face (EDIT: fact) that a movie with both Batman *and* Superman in the title didn't make more than The Avengers is one thing (who, altogether, are not even as well known as perhaps even Batman). The fact that it didn't land a billion is just plain sad.
Very true. But then again, that's why I am acknowledging my lack of first-hand experience with "I can't judge". It's more of a clarifying statement saying, "This is what seems to be the response to these films by critics and audiences."
Interesting. What are these posts about Newt, if I may ask?
&gt;And Kiki's Delivery Service in front of Howl's Moving Castle? I once took a class where we watched every Miyazaki movie in order or release over the course of the semester (this was before The Wind Rises was available). While I wasn't the biggest fan of Kiki, Howl's Moving Castle was definitely the second to least best movie of those films (worst being Ponyo, the only one I just didn't enjoy).
&gt;I guess episode 9 will have starkiller base ii built into a bigger planet, but it will be incomplete... or so it would seem. What a twist! &gt;Oh,and Kylo ren is Rey's father and finn and rey are brother and sister. I mean hey, you listing it out gives optimism that it'll be nearly impossible for them to possibly retread these things.
&gt;It's not a good movie. It's a fun movie, but not a good movie. I mean, despite being derivative of ANH, it was still well written with strong characters and tight pacing and gorgeous cinematography and ridiculously strong blend of practical and special effects with the exception of one scene.
Rogue One is critically and audience-wise significantly worse received than TFA. A more original plot line doesn't save it from falling into poor character design, terrible pacing, shoddy writing, and overdone Hollywood tropes.
Also [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKNDml12Big).
Interesting. I have a couple of friends who thought it was spectacular, but most people I know share the consensus, "I liked it quite a bit, but it also had some *major* problems."
That's not saying much.
First off, I'm going to respond to your points, but you should know that I already won the argument if that's your response. Your original argument was (paraphrased), "Literally the only reason people like TFA is because of the callbacks." You even specified "not figuratively." I pointed out you're flat out wrong on that, that that's not AT ALL the reason. Now you're changing the argument to "I thought the movie was bad." &gt;The new characters were stupid, Rey was way overpowered, even anakin had a fuckton of training before actually fighting, and she manages to mind-control and do jedi stuff just out of thin air, while Kylo Ren whose training was "almost complete", the stupid emo who can stop lazers in mid-air, was beat by some random trash collector girl. Never in the movie do they say Kylo Ren's training is "almost complete". You literally pulled that out of thin air. Not only does Rey fail on several occasions and some of the big plot points are based on these points of failure, but they heavily imply we don't know all about her. Not to mention quite a bit was triggered by her visions and getting probed herself and retaliating. Lastly, Kylo Ren was heavily injured, and had just killed his father, and underestimated her, and was aiming to not kill. &gt;The writing was far from strong, Luke Skywalker decided to hide but for whatever reason he or "someone" decided to hide pieces of a map that led to him (what?), and the First Order was supposed to be the underdog but they had a death-star-like facility bigger and more powerful than the original Death Star that was build when the Empire was on it's apogee (oh c'mon!), and the new republic did absolutely nothing... These are made extremely obvious...Luke gave the piece of the map to his friend, to use to help find Luke when he's next needed. That's the whole purpose of him being there to give it to Poe in the beginning. He also only hid one piece...And gave it to the friend. Death Star 1 took 20 years to build. 2 took two years to build. SKB was not only started about 30 years before TFA, but was done in the Empire's time. No one knew about the weapon--it was secret. That's why they didn't do anything. &gt;The pacing was really terrible, the sense of progression of the history was really bad, I don't know how to describe it with more words but it simply was. Can't really be argued unless you give reasons. I know for a fact that I have only personally met like 3 or 4 people who had seen it but hadn't seen it only once, because the pacing and progression kept interesting and made it rewatchable throughout.
You take my first point out of context without the rest. Also, do you really think the critics would actively search for things they didn't like and claim they liked it? No, there isn't a single person I know personally that liked it because "it's Star Warz!" They liked it for those same reasons. Your assumptions that they are lying and won't admit it holds zero ground in comparison. They are critics after all--they're supposed to give their honest opinion about the film. And Yoda says Luke needs to complete his training in V--and he's an amateur. Your point? Saying he needs to complete his training doesn't mean anything here, except that it is incomplete. Rey let out the Rathtars, almost crashed the Falcon, almost died on Jakku had Finn not found her before the troopers, cowered out when approached about a Falcon job, cowered out when approached about learning to be a Jedi, got captured, knocked out, and pushed to the brink of death (and would've died if Kylo was actually trying to kill her). Kylo was not trying to kill her because Snoke instructed him not to. Kylo was certainly limping! He's limping in half the fight! It also explicitly shows him bleeding, and beating his wound. You say it like these things need to be more obvious but I noticed these on my first watch. Han says that they theorize that Luke was looking for the first Jedi Temple--that was the isolated island. He gave the location away secretly to one person, as a last resort in case he's needed. &gt;That was never specified in the movie, and before you say it, no, books and games and whatever else doesn't matter when looking at the movie's own merits alone, otherwise the prequel trilogy is also much better than it is alone. But it doesn't exclude the idea either. I think specifying how long it took would be potentially needless exposition. ANH didn't specify how or when the Death Star was built either.
&gt;What I implyed is that some critics might just have liked it "because star wars" but needed something more substantial to praise the movie, Or maybe they would've criticized those aspects if they didn't like it. I mean, Rogue One had those criticisms thrown at it by critics--it was Star Wars, but it was not immune. &gt;Luke didn't beat the shit out of darth vader in Episode V, he even lost his hand, remember? Vader is a Sith Lord. Kylo Ren is not. As for Rey, generally in Star Wars EU certain Force users have had their abilities awakened by interactions with visions, holocrons or mind probes. Rey had two of those. And even with that, Kylo Ren spent most of the fight beating her. &gt;she, who never piloted the falcon, knew not only how to pilot it but also how to fix its problem while Han Solo himself, who used the ship for decades, couldn't figure it out. She had flown before--she mentions it on two separate occasions. She never flew the Falcon before, which is why she almost crashed it. She was also a scavenger her whole life--her job was literally tearing apart pieces of ships, reverse engineering them and repairing them so they could be traded. &gt;It does because Starkiller was never mentioned before anywhere else, ever. There's a thirty year passage between 6 and 7. &gt;The first Order is not a powerful Empire. It's the remnant of that powerful Empire. With lots of time on their hands.
There are quite a few major problems I had with this film. Special effects was certainly not one of them.
Oh God. He was just trying to steer away the conversation to a save space again. Golf club, how could that possibly have an alternative meaning? Then he says the line, and he's thinking, "Wait, God dammit."
&gt;I wouldn't say prevalent but there are a few people who don't enjoy the characters as much The two main critiques in almost every review of this film that voices a critique (so, most of them really) are that the characters are nothing special, and that the pacing in the first half of the film is terrible. On the first reaction threads for the film, that was almost everyone's beef with it. Even amongst those who liked the movie (including myself). &gt;as they are just victims of the genre, it's a war movie after all It's no excuse. Saving Private Ryan gave both meaningful characters *and* a strong ensemble dynamic. Fury gave downright *hate-able* characters, but a strong ensemble dynamic. Rogue One's had neither. And especially when it seemed to spend so much time focusing on them, this is particularly worsened. It's also exacerbated by the fact that half the cast doesn't even interact with the other half for most of the film, despite standing within 10 feet of each other on a ship for almost half the film. Because of that, the fact that the film decided to also over-dramatize almost every character's death made those moments feel forced and fake. I shouldn't shrug when the main cast dies...but I did, for everyone besides K2 and maybe Chirrut or Bodhi.
IV is almost definitely the most polarizing generation. My brother kinda dislikes a lot of it. I might play Platinum eventually though. I did play HeartGold though. Gold is one of my favorite games ever and HG was also fantastic. I wish Gen IV's slowness didn't rub off on it though.
They literally say it in the film.
Somehow, the movie spent 20 minutes giving explicit exposition about all of its main characters, and I still felt like I knew absolute jack about who they actually were (like, personality-wise. Or why I should care about them). Meanwhile, the introduction scene to Black Widow in Avengers is 2-3 minutes long, hardly saying a word about her. Instead they choose more to show instead of tell, and I feel more interested in her as a character than I did with any of Suicide Squad's for the entire duration of the film.
Hell no. The Prequels had mixed critical and audience reception from the start. This Episode VII hate train has been around from the beginning and if anything has died down quite a bit. Also, it has some ridiculous legs up above the prequels. Better characters, pacing, dialogue, action sequences, blend of practical and special effects.
I can get *paid* for how much I love TFA?! Why wasn't I informed of this?!
82 Metascore from critics is definitely high. 8.2 on IMDB is most definitely high (still in the all time top 250, actually), and that one has a ridiculously higher sample size than Metacritic. EDIT: The sample size is almost 100x larger on IMDB than on Metacritic! User Metacritic scores are very inconsistent. Especially when games like Fallout 4 have an average 6.0 rating between consoles, or Black Ops 3 in the 4.0s.
Hang on a second, it's not even close to that exaggeratedly negative for Rogue One. Yeah TFA leads it in both fields, but Rogue One still has net pretty strong critical reception, even when polarizing. And while a 65 Metascore is nothing too special, it's by no means bad. And this is coming from someone who liked TFA significantly more than Rogue One.
...Is what you said a joke? For almost everyone that liked the film, the first thing they'll answer when they're asked what they liked is the characters. While Rogue One is an example of the fact that just because you know backstories doesn't make them interesting, TFA is an example of the exact opposite--making interesting characters comes first, and it'll make you interested in learning more later. And most will agree they gave the old characters a ton of justice.
Cut the IR sensors and the motion controls and they'd be able to sell it for 250 at a slight loss. Or also cut those, upgrade the graphics chip, and sell at around 320 or so for a slight loss. But selling a console at a loss is what both Microsoft and Sony do to keep their profit margins.
Short range bluetooth. The IR sensor is for pointing at the TV (using that IR sensor you place right below or above the TV), but not for connecting to the Wii.
There are tons of other ways they could've accomplished that. No need for super high precision IR. Or super high precision rumble. Or gyros on both Jycons. Or just allow the use of Wiimotes.
Yeah I was going to say, rewatching Empire Strikes Back recently it honestly felt like it had hardly aged a bit. The Battle of Hoth is *still* gorgeous. Yoda is still immersive as a character. The lightsaber battle is still the best in the series.
Wait, yes it is. It is *literally* at cost to me because both the console and extra controllers now cost extra as a result. Calling it just a PC emulator without those features is also BS because: 1) It still has Nintendo IPs, 2) It still is a portable that becomes a home console seamlessly, and 3) it still has super easy and accessibly split screen.
No, I *have* negativity towards Nintendo over some of these extremely questionable decisions.
11 year old hardware is an incredibly low standard, if this turns out to be an X1 in power. And it's especially exacerbated by the amount of useless adds on to a genuinely good idea that jack up the price, plus selling the console for profit rather than at a loss. Plus not packing in 1 2 Switch.
Once again, incomparable. - I have other games on my backlog. Wouldn't want to feel rushed to start and finish said game *that* month. Would rather have it, ready to play when I want as long as I have subscription. - The games are still far older than the newer games the other consoles are getting for free.
In addition to what others are saying, Sony also detailed the PS4's specs after E3 so we knew the power people were getting into. And both Microsoft and Sony, at E3 2016, has devs endorsing their new next generation games for the consoles. Edit: E3 2013, I mean.
Remember three things, guys: - SD cards are getting increasingly cheaper. You can get a good 128 GB one for 40 bucks, and the Switch allows for up to 2 TB one. - SD cards are ridiculously faster than HDDs for random access speeds. - You don't have to install physical games, like you do on PS4 and XB1.
They're slower for sequential access. Long load times is generally the result of slow random access, and SD cards are certainly not slow there. Also, not sure what you mean about your point on heavy usage. I've been using SD cards for games for a while, and they haven't really fallen short or stopped working for me.
Yes. But 1) It bumps up the cost of the whole package. Just because the Wii U came with a controller doesn't mean that controller wasn't a big portion of the cost. 2) It means that extra controllers cost more.
I mean, that's the reason why, despite the movie's overall cast being terribly flat, Donnie Yen's character was still one of my favorites. He didn't develop in the slightest, but he was incredibly fun to watch regardless.
And yet that type of news never came out of Rogue One's during the production process. Yeah, they're the ones making the movie. But it still says a lot comparatively.
/r/movies hated Skyfall?! That movie was so good though!
No they haven't. At this point in the PS4 and XB1 lifecycles they are but at release they always sell at a loss.
*Ahem* Wii U.
Exactly. Also, 3DS only started selling well once it was sold at a loss.
It seems more like adding those things added to the cost though.
&gt;That's not true. It's so it's significantly more powerful than a WIiU docked and still more powerful on handheld mode. I hope that's true, but when it too is lagging hard at points in Zelda, and we're unsure if we're getting Skyrim or Skyrim Remastered on the system, those things worry me. &gt;The WIiU outperformed the 360 in all important metrics. No it didn't. It's graphics card was slightly better but it's processor was significantly behind.
Lower price means higher demand. Make profits on games and accessories.
Actually, I have. Accelerometers are super cheap now, Luke maybe 40 cents each if in mass production. Gyroscope is more like 1 or 2 bucks. Regular IR sensors are like 20 cents. Super high precision ones though? Especially since they're newer, probably 1 or 2 bucks. Regular rumble probably around 20 cents. HD rumble which requires ridiculously higher precision? More like 1 or 2 bucks. Now, what happens when a controller has all of these things, *twice*? It adds up.
Well that explains how Big Hero 6 beat How To Train Your Dragon 2 and Lego Movie wasn't even nominated... To not watch the films you're voting on is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of.
I didn't think the movie was amazing--liked it but didn't love it--but even I understood why there was hype. Star Wars, Darth Vader, and Death Star.
There are plenty of people who didn't like the movie, didn't like Jyn or most of the cast, but loved TFA and loved Rey. Sexism has almost nothing to do with it.
If this was true the film would've focused more on the war and not an hour and a half on just the characters, while they *still* turned out bland. And even then, you need to actually care for the characters so you can feel their deaths later on. If I'm watching a war movie and I just shrug at 80% of the deaths, then it is not a good war movie.
Why are you so heavily downvoted? I liked the movie and even I can admit that was the case. There were such ridiculous problems in pacing, characterization, dialogue/writing and music that it really blemishes a ton of the experience. The last scene is amazing, but it's also pretty telling when the best scene in the film is the Darth Vader fanservice scene.
No question, The Force Awakens. Rogue One did two things better than TFA: More original plot line, and some cooler technology. But TFA had better characters, pacing, music, dialogue, story writing, not relying on fanservice...everything else, really. No contest in my mind. For me it's telling when people who like TFA are asked about their favorite part, and it's almost always something involving the new characters, or breakaways from the originals. The new characters themselves...or the Stardestroyer graveyard fight, or the final saber duel, or when Rey pulls the saber, or the interrogation scene, or Finn vs. the Stormtrooper, etc. But almost everyone I've seen who likes Rogue One (including myself), when asked the same about Rogue One, will answer the Vader fanservice scene.
Whoops. Edited.
&gt;and at the same time nails the nostalgia thing better than TFA. Yeah I definitely disagree with that. EDIT: I wrote a reply to elaborate.
I guess I should have elaborated. I have two main issues with how Rogue One handles the nostalgia thing compared to TFA: 1) Over-reliance on the old versus the new When you ask anyone who liked TFA what their favorite part of the film was, no one will say Starkiller (despite the stuff that happens on its surface and the space battle above to be awesome). Almost no one will say Han Solo or Chewie (despite just about everyone loving seeing them). They'll answer one of the new characters (for me, it's Kylo Ren). Or one of the new moments, like the Stardestroyer Graveyard dogfight, or the final lightsaber duel, or the interrogation scene. When you ask anyone who liked Rogue One what their favorite part was, almost everyone will say the Darth Vader fanservice scene. For most, the best parts of TFA were the new elements, but the best parts of Rogue One were the revisiting of the old. That's why people say that while both movies were nostalgic, only Rogue One seemed to rely on it. And that's an issue, because it makes the movie less able to stand on its own. 2) Execution of nostalgia and fan service When TFA had something with fan service, it either contributed well to the plot (the entirety of Han and Chewie's presence, Leia, Luke), contributed well to the feel of the film (C3PO), or was so subtle it could pass off as an Easter Egg. Good example of the last field: Finn is rummaging through the Falcon's supplies, looking for a medical kit. Picking stuff up and putting them aside. One thing he picks up is the training droid. Looks at it for half a second trying to figure out what it is, then throws it to the side. No attention thrown at it, but those who noticed what it was got a kick out of it. Rogue One had some stuff that contributed well (like Tarkin, though I'd argue that as the movie went on his presence turned Krennic into a boring character, and a pushover. Even with Han being in TFA the spotlight never left Rey or Finn or Kylo Ren). But a lot of it felt like pointless distractions. And when it was supposed to be a subtle callback, the film had zero sense of subtlety. Bad example of the last field: Bail Organa. Jyn and Mon Mothma are talking about the mission and the conversation is going on, and then there's a bit of a pause. Bail Organa walks out of the shadows from out of nowhere (I wonder why he was even in the shadows anyway...), there's this big musical cue for him, he and Jyn stare down each other for a few seconds...and then the regular conversation goes back to where it was, as if nothing just happened. It detracts from the moment, doesn't make much sense for it to be there, and feels awkward as if the movie has a short attention span.
He actually struck me as an interesting villain in his first scene. But then he got boring as the film kept going on.
You're reading way too far into it. I mention a good thing in the context of something generally considered weak. I mention a bad thing in the context of something generally considered strong. That's it. Just because I didn't specify ROTJ as strong in that original sentence doesn't break the analogy. It's not a backhanded compliment or a nitpick. It's a praise and a flaw, in contexts that the general consensus considers weak and strong, respectively.
&gt;Little details that were only there to be nostalgic but to us fans who hang out on boards like these, they are very obvious. See, to most people that moment struck as a very subtle wink. No one notices it except for us, who only see it go by and be there for a split second. Enough for it to still be a wink instead of a blink, but not enough for it to remove focus off that moment at hand and scream in your face, "SEE WHAT WE DID THERE?!" &gt;It's a huge galaxy and everyone is playing the same game? Well, no, he accidentally turned it on. They didn't play the game again--he bumped into the power switch. But there wasn't a big musical cue, or a coming out of the shadows revelation of a character you're wondering, "Is he supposed to be important" if you haven't seen the PT since release, etc. It was just a game. &gt;I mean, it's right there in the same time frame. But by making everything connect to a side story too, they shrink the galaxy. Yeah, Mon Mothma and Tarkin and Vader had a right to be there, but Punda Bobo and the other guy? Or R2-D2 and C3PO, when they were supposed to be on the ship that just left at the end of the film while bearing no relation to R1's plot? &gt;TFA had an opportunity to be different and didn't. Hang on though, TFA's characters ended up being ridiculously more interesting and deep than Rogue One's. And familiar plot from doesn't mean it didn't have some ridiculously good new iconic moments. R1's felt like all-too-familiar action movie tropes where they didn't understand the concept of "show, not tell" for most of the film. I'm surprised that Rogue One didn't feel thin to you, when at one point they jump between like 5 planets in a span of 10 minutes without really doing much on any of them. Or how they tried to introduce 10 new characters and then not go into depth on any of them.
&gt;Lack a sense of scale. Despite them fighting through mountains and lakes and by the side of a giant station? Besides, I consider actual tug of war to be far more paramount to the success of a battle in Star Wars, or in any movie really. It's why I can't stand Man of Steel's fight scenes--no sense of progression, just lots of set pieces and punches with no weight thrown back and forth. Which both Takodana and Starkiller definitely have. So Battle of Endor? Definitely a sense of balance of power and shifting ground. Battle of Hoth? Oh for sure--this is my favorite Star Wars battle by far. Battle of Yavin IV? Only star fighters but there's a genuine shift of power and influence whenever new elements come into play. Battle of Scariff? I don't think it's a great battle because of its scale, though it helps--I think it's a great battle because there's a tug of war and shifting ground. Battle of Coruscant? Really just a setpiece without much bearing on the plot, or any shifting of power--it was really just one-sided towards the heroes.
That first Vader scene was just not good--not only was it pretty pointless to the rest of the plot, but in the end it only made Krennic more of a pushover...
One small nitpick: &gt;we have lightsaber fights with people never trained to use a lightsaber, That's not fanservice. Besides, Finn was untrained and got his ass kicked in both fights. Rey had fought with a quarterstaff her whole life, and *still* got cornered and could've been easily killed by Kylo Ren had he been trying to (remember, he was instructed not to kill her and wanted to turn her himself, and even then got her in at least like 5 different positions where he could've landed the blow). Not to mention he was injured. Now, main argument: I see where you're coming from, but your approach is flawed. Here's why: For TFA, strip away the returning saber, the returning characters, returning vehicles (weapons, by the way, are new...they very clearly look, sound and feel different than the OT ones), and planets that have resemblance to OT ones (but are *not* identical--what makes Tatooine and Hoth what they are is not just sand and snow but the environments and creatures and cultures), Starkiller, and other callbacks. You still have an amazing cast of new characters, great pacing, great dialogue, fantastic music, new species and beasts, and great new moments. Like I said, ask anyone who liked the film what their favorite part was, and it won't be the fanservice. That's what I mean by it not *relying* on it. It has callbacks, yes, but they take a backseat to the new stuff introduced. I would've liked TFA even if it wasn't Star Wars. However, with Rogue One, strip away the returning characters, returning vehicles, and other callbacks. Suddenly, the movie stands far less on its own. The characters are bland, pacing for the first two thirds is terrible (somehow being simultaneously choppy and slow), dialogue is cheesy, and music bland. The final battle is still awesome, but that's mostly it. And don't get me wrong, I still liked Rogue One quite a bit, but if it wasn't Star Wars, I'm not sure if I would've. As for your last sentence, I'd argue that TFA's were also definitely part of the setting. Returning vehicles were in upgraded form, the original lightsaber back made sense in context and was a great way of introducing Rey to the Force (plus, Maz heavily implied we're going to hear how she got it soon), locations that are once again inspired by our Earth environments while also setting themselves apart enough (Jakku having sand never made me once doubt it was different than Tatooine), and given that Han and Chewie's story would be continuing, it made sense for the Falcon to be involved. The Falcon being traced back to Jakku is as much a coincidence as quite a few of the events in the OT. Given that the TFA was dedicated to reviving the Empire, a massive upgrade on what the Death Star started made sense.
That flows into point B--it contributed well to the feel of the film. It also serves as a piece of recap that the Falcon is a famous ship, and serves as moving dialogue while Han is striding over to the cockpit.
Kylo Ren's theme stuck with me after just my first watch too. After a couple rewatches, March of the Resistance, Jedi Steps, and even Poe's theme ring in my head.
Force Awakens alone had, like, 6 moments that became applause-worthy. Even more so because many of them were handled so well. Watching that on opening night was a joy.
I guess we will have to agree to disagree, as you said, then. I absolutely loved every new TFA character, except Phasma because she was heavily underused. I felt like they were characters who could've easily fell into a lot of tropes and cliches but actually very well avoided them on multiple occasions. Kylo Ren was easily my favorite though.
Lord and Miller have a knack for creating gold medal characters and moments in films where you never thought they'd be.
Me watching the trailers: "Wow, this looks absolutely atrocious. What the hell prompted them to make this?" Me going on Rottentomatoes: "I wonder what Lego Movie got--96%? What? Huh...maybe I should go see it." Me after seeing the movie that weekend: "How the hell was that so damn good?!"
Han Solo movie, as a concept, sounds quite questionable. Almost as if it's a cash grab made just because it's working off a familiar character. ...until you find out it's being made because it's been Lawrence Kasdan's (writer of Empire Strikes Back, co-writer of ROTJ and TFA) passion project for years. ...and until you learn about the current casting choices, like Childish Gambino as young Lando. ...and until you learn that Lord and Miller are directing it. I am so ridiculously pumped for that movie.
His point is that neither are Mary Sues.
That whole graph comparison completely ignores population density.
Then why did almost zero campaigning happen in those cities? While I'm not claiming popular vote is much better, the electoral college proportions are still downright ridiculous at times, when in some states one person's vote has about 5x as much influence as in another.
When green is all that you can be, it can make you wonder why. But why wonder? Why wonder?
...
&gt; Now you know why the rebels are in such panic. 2 things: 1) I think not knowing, then seeing the reveal of the Stormtroopers is even more powerful. 2) It also, however, undermines the "this is a consular ship!" excuse.
EDIT: For God's sake, people, I'm not even arguing that this is a good scene. I actually *love* this Vader scene. But to claim it's the only time we've ever seen Vader actually be badass is completely false. Heavily disagree--there are countless other examples in the whole OT that show Vader living up to a hyper menacing persona. It's the only time where you see him massacring lone troops with a saber, but based on countless scenes in the OT, you already have no doubt he could do that too. Just to list them out: - First, he's quite strong. Lifting Antilles into the air with one hand, choking him. - Remotely choking another officer who crosses him. - Defeating Obi Wan, who had already done quite a bit. - Single-handedly destroying 75% of the X Wing threat on the Death Star - Ridiculously good strategist all the way through. - Choking someone from a ship away, just from holocalling them. - Easily destroying Luke in a fight, showing exceptional mastery over several concepts Luke had struggled and failed with in training. - More of the above in Return of the Jedi. EDIT: You will have to provide explanation to the downvotes, because part of the whole reason Vader has been known as a top villain of all time is *precisely* because we know how powerful he is in the past by "show, not tell". When the opposite happens, we have villains like Krennic.
But every single one of those I mentioned is completely detached even from the fear people spoke of Vader. And everything I just mentioned except the strategist part was physical. I literally gave several examples of him being simultaneously a) ridiculously physically powerful, b) extremely proficient in the Force, and c) being an ace pilot. The reason why Vader is regarded as one of the greatest villains ever is we were consistently shown how menacing he is, *not* because we were told. It's what separates him from someone like Krennic. The reason why there is no suspension of disbelief in the Rogue One scene is because we *know* ahead of time that he could do that if the situation arose. And I *loved* the Rogue One Vader scene. But to claim this is the only time we were ever shown physically what Vader could do, when in the past we were only told, is just plain false.
Eh, depends. That scene demonstrated he was a fearsome warrior. The combined stuff I mentioned demonstrate he's a fearsome warrior *and* much more. It's also important to note that it's the OT that made it that this Rogue One scene is never very surprising to us. Like, we don't *question* that he can do this--more that we've been waiting to see it happen.
You're definitely not in the minority. Right now that's a significantly larger general consensus (especially in critics), and growing since the Rogue One hype is still dying down and TFA's has already had a year to die down.
Avatar is an alright film that keeps entertaining the first time through and was a breakthrough in special effects technology. But it also has a predictable and trope-y plot and bland characters, and is super unmemorable because of it. I can see exactly why it was so successful. But I can also see why no one remembers it.
Despite that being a comparison used a lot, I actually don't like either movie that much and thought Avatar was significantly better.
Well, not on every level, mind you. Despite how overplayed Frozen's music is, and despite my love for "I See The Light", I think Frozen's music is overall significantly better. But in every other way, yeah I liked Tangled more.
Ah. For me, a vast majority thought TFA was better. Most liked Rogue One at least somewhat, some loved it, a couple didn't like it at all.
The PT and OT were already connected! By the end of III! It needs good characters and development because it is *also* a movie. One that was marketed and titled as a standalone outside the main saga. For that, it must stand on its own with strong pillars of story, writing and characters. When two of those pillars are pretty weak, that's problematic.
Haven't seen Brave, so can't judge!
It even had that same shoehorned animal companions thing, but handled them so well that they added a ton and I didn't mind!
See, I even felt that that element wasn't handled well enough. Like, yeah it had grittier colors and moments, but the script and dialogue got so cheesy so often that they often created tonal inconsistency. It felt like a milder Suicide Squad in that respect at times. Also, your point about the characters is spot on: for what the movie does, it would've been far more powerful if I actually cared about more than two of them. But as a result, when SPOILER they all died SPOILER, and most of the moments were super over-dramatized, because I didn't care about most of them those moments often felt a bit forced.
What? Of course it's not! There have been more fuck-ups of rehashes and reboots than there have been successes! You make it sound like completely new characters, events, atmosphere and dialogue take zero effort to do.
Tangled is extremely vanilla but its vanilla tastes so damn good you forget it's even just vanilla in the first place. It sticks to the Disney Princess formula very hard but makes up for it with an incredibly charming cast, with a Disney Princess character that is completely badass, a "prince" that has some really strong and natural character development, gorgeous animation, beautiful music (even outside of the main songs, the score is just amazing. Kingdom Dance is one of Disney's masterpieces IMO), and great pacing.
&gt;Are you going to sit here and tell me the special effects in the 1970's was better? Well hang on, Empire Strikes Back and ROTJ special effects have hardly aged a bit. They currently look better than Attack of the Clones.
I hear that Moana is fantastic for people who liked Tangled. I probably need to see it.
Slight correction, but it was Kirshner who said, after takes just didn't feel right, for Harrison to say what he felt would be best for the character.
There is no baseline for comparison. And not only that, but it singles out immigrants for crimes without comparing it to general crime ratios. It's the same thing as the president putting out a weekly bulletin on how many cases there have been of Jews stealing things. You'll surely see stuff on there, because in a country of hundreds of millions where ~5 million are Jews, there's bound to be a case somewhere. But out of context, it singles out Jews for blame for stealing, without looking at the bigger picture. There is an agenda because of no comparison point or context, and that is singling out immigrants for hate.
Which is BS because comparison points would show that they do no significant harm compared to the general legal populace.
Disagree. Fantastic movie. But to each his own.
But it should hit hard. We had no reason to care for most of these characters in most of the film. But it comes to the point where they overdramatize the deaths past how much value they added, and it feels forced and fake. Death in war should not feel like that. It should not pan to the next character and then I immediately know "oh, he's about to die next...Because that's what they did the last 5 times in the last 5 minutes."
Metacritic has The Force Awakens at 81. Rogue One at 65.
Sorry if I was overly aggressive. Regardless, what we're getting at is that being very scarcely technically correct doesn't always trump being more comprehensively correct. Yeah, violence is increasing...on this particular day, in this month so far, compared to this point last year...where terribly in my mind means 37% even though it's by a handful in quantity. But a politician saying it is being myopic because these details are not what are being told. And because generally, when you make these broad statements, it needs to cover broad periods. Otherwise, it's selective truth, far out of context, where assumed context would deem it flat out false. It's equivalent to me saying, "Jews control the world's wealth and politics." Is that true? Well, I mean, *some* Jews, particularly those running Israel and select politicians in other countries, control *some* of the world's politics...particularly also those in Israel and in a few other areas have some influence. And I guess there are some other wealthy ones too. But the statement, while it can be spun to be *technically* correct, is still overall terribly innacurate.
[Relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmPzyn264A8)
&gt;And the puppeteer I thought Frank Oz was also the puppeteer? Regarding the line you cited, I do agree with you--that line, no matter how you slice it, is awesome. I do think that several pieces of the monologue, however, do rely on the extra emphasis and flowing lines in speech to really make them shine. Which is not a bad thing at all!
I wouldn't say they're generally overlooked...bad dialogue and bad delivery of said dialogue are seen as some of the most major failings of the PT. Hell, that's one reason why people like Ewan McGregor in the prequels...his lines (the democracy one, for example) are often pretty bad/inconsistent but he works *damn hard* to make them work.
I watched this film for the first time only a few weeks ago. It kinda blew my mind by how impressive the music and dancing were in so many scenes. Just a generally fun film with a ton of breathtaking spectacle. Its comedy also holds up really well.
I'll give you that, but it's also hard to say. Star Wars' setting is certainly what grabs people, but it's the characters in said setting that keep audiences wanting more of it.
See my reply to this same comment. You can boil it down to it being very simple, but it still worked very well. There was also plenty of strong chemistry. And that's outside of the fact that both Vader and Tarkin established themselves as two of the best movie villains ever from *just* ANH. Vader got even better later, but he was still a huge crowd favorite at the time of just ANH.
22 Jump Street is an even worse idea than 21 Jump Street. And it was an even better movie. Freaking Lord and Miller.
It makes perfect sense that this shot wasn't in the final film...but damn is it still a glorious shot for the teaser.
You'd expect that if ships are taking off in a hurry as they are at that point, they'd at least be on their ship...rather than chilling in an X-Wing hangar...so....
To everyone saying, "Why are they making this movie? No one wants this movie!", remember that it's directed by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller. They are the kings of taking concepts that epitomize , "Why are they making this movie? No one wants this movie!" and making them absolutely brilliant. See 21 Jump Street, 22 Jump Street, and The Lego Movie.
And the best children's TV shows present more deceptively intricate characters. Not bullies who are celebrated for their mischief.
Hmm? From what I've seen, most people with no nostalgia bias treat the OT far better. I actually grew up with both, since my Dad was showing me the OT around the same time the PT was being released. I still love the OT far more.
Man of Steel and Rogue One each have extremely cringeworthy scenes. I wouldn't call them the most cringeworthy ever, but still some of the most cringeworthy I've seen in theaters. Man of Steel - The airfield scene. First off, it completely drops any pivotal character development momentum that could've come from the previous, brilliant scene ([Killing Zod](#spoiler). As Superman acts like a complete jackass and flies off though, the general asks his soldier what she's smirking about. "Nothing, sir. ...I just think he's kinda hot." There was very audible cringe in the movie theater I was in. Rogue One - The Darth Vader dad joke. Good Lord, that was terrible. I've also had friends tell me they almost walked out of the theaters after that moment. I guess there is other low hanging fruit. Like the entire "I don't like sand" scene in Attack of the Clones, or maybe a quarter of Suicide Squad. Still, those two moments easily stick out to me. EDIT: Confused about the downvotes here. Do people actually think the pun was in character? Vader has never done puns in the past, and his brand of humor (dry sarcasm and understatements) conveys the exact opposite effect of pun humor.
Hard disagree. Fantastic episode? Yeah. But it's trumped by almost every other episode involving Domino Squad. Which says a lot about how damn good the Domino Squad episodes are.
I mean, one wouldn't walk out of the theater for a single moment like that--it's also the fact that almost the entirety of the movie leading up to that (the first and second act) were extremely slow and had many major problems. I still liked the movie overall, but damn did it have major problems. The dad joke would just be the catalyst. &gt;Seems like the kind of thing Vader would say anyway. Not in the slightest. I've heard people say, "but Vader has had humorous moments in the past! It fits him!" and I hard disagree with that. It's the exact *opposite* of something Vader would say. Vader has previously dealt with understatement and dry sarcasm. Those forms of comedy can heighten the darkness or point at the discomfort in a scene. They go along seamlessly with the rest of his brooding nature. That's why he says things like, "Apology accepted, Captain Needa", or "I find your lack of faith disturbing," or "The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am." They're moments of humor that point to something darker. Puns are a form of comedy that add *levity* to a scene, and they often soften the blow of a dark atmosphere in a scene. Vader saying a pun completely cushions the blow of the fact that he just choked out Krennic. And it turns a dark moment into something cheesy. That's why people hate it.
I mean, many forms of comedy and the intent behind them has been boiled down to a science at this point. Or at least a technique. And it's not incorrect that by most standards, pun humor is very far away on the spectrum and intended effect from dry wit. And don't get me wrong--I fucking love puns. Dad jokes are my absolute favorites. But there's a time and place. It's not about whether it's humorous. It's about the effect yielded from said comedy.
Yeah, if you're talking about the arc with the team of droids and the small commander, that might be the worst arc in the series. Or, at least, worst arc post-first season and a half.
They can serve as a very optimal stop gap as our renewables become more and more optimal. It doesn't have to be a permanent endeavor on a large scale.
You're not wrong. That being said, as a stop gap solution, we don't need it on an excessively large scale. We can also anticipate how long we'll need them for.
Undoubtedly. Ahsoka also went from a character I absolutely hated to one of the best Star Wars characters in recent memory.
Nah just wear the Gerudo Thunder Helm. Way safer.
Yep. It's not about how much sugar, but the nature of said sugar. Sugar in fruits is locked behind fibre and other nutrients. The insulin spikes resulting from it are not so high as a result. When sugar is in its more pure form, such as high fructose corn syrup, or simply many forms of added sugar, that's when the huge insulin spikes result. And that increases leptin resistance (which makes you hungrier), promotes inflammation, and slows down your metabolism (which lowers the "calories out" side of the equation). Also, since sugar is technically extremely addictive, it also stimulates that addiction far more.
The artificial sweeteners are terrible for you and arguably worse than sugar for diabetics, but that is not even close to the reason why.
Yep, when in reality, dietary cholesterol doesn't actually correlate to your body's HDL and LDL. Different types of fats do.
Zuko from Avatar: The Last Airbender. Also, bonus to Samurai Jack, who recently became one of my favorites too.
Precisely. Well, mostly precisely. Some nitpicks: - Sugars also depend on the quality of said sugars. Added sugars, and sugars in their more pure form (high fructose corn syrup, for example), are *way* worse for your insulin spikes than sugars liked behind fibres and nutrients, such as in fruits and vegetables. - Saturated fats are fine as long as they're not in excess. They raise both HDL and LDL, so a good and bad effect that's fine in moderation. It's really hard to make unsaturated fats, such as extra virgin olive oil, bad for you, as a good diet will make you able to process all the calories pretty easily and it lowers LDL and raises HDL. So I'm not disagreeing with you about the fact that they're essential. I'm pointing out where it gets bad or in excess.
The more I linger and think about the ending, the more I'm satisfied about it. Thought the manner in which it concluded was absolutely beautiful in its bittersweetness. One thing that hasn't changed though is that the last 4 episodes still felt rushed to me. Not that they didn't wrap everything up, but that it felt like it lacked the "patient" pacing the series was so good for. Like they skipped not-completely-necessary, but welcome middle scenes. Could've expanded those 4 episodes to 5 or 6. Despite that, I'd still give the first half of the series an easy 10/10, and the second half nothing short of an 8/10.
I think you'll find that there's a lot of wishful thinking surrounding this type of bittersweet ending, and it's pretty inevitable. I think people just need to let it sit, because the more I think about it, the more I like the conclusion, and the more it feels like it fits the show's themes very well. I think it's also important to note that Ashi's disappearance scene shouldn't be taken by itself--it is accompanied by the next scene, where Jack is comforted and reminded that her sacrifice was not in vain, and that in the end, a bright new future awaits. Like I said, I wish it was padded out more--the last could've taken place over two episodes' time, for example. But even still, the finale doesn't betray the rest of the show, and as someone who watched How I Met Your Mother's end do that, that's what I was hoping for most of all.
Avatar: The Last Airbender, if you haven't watched it yet. Or if you started but stopped before episode 12. Samurai Jack is amazing. But Avatar: TLA is hands down my favorite TV show of all time. Not the same atmosphere, and a very different show, but then again, there's nothing quite like Jack. And there's nothing quite like ATLA either. Also, Aku may not even be Mako's best role. You have not truly heard him at his best until you've seen him in ATLA. They're very different characters though, so actually hard to compare.
I mean, we only had on average one episode per season with the Scotsman before. Season 5 had too. Not sure why his presence was underwhelming here compared to his last. Guardian I'm half inclined to agree with you on, but I also tried playing out the circumstance in my head where Jack does go back there, and it just seemed so... anticlimactic. And predictable because that's what we were led to believe.
Yes but the beautiful thing about the Scotsman in the previous seasons was also that he was used sparingly. Which made his appearances all the sweeter. With the Guardian, you seem to be hoping for the *more* predictable outcome...the prophecy being incorrect is way less predictable than Aku stopping it in its tracks and needing a completely different path.
Possibly. I mean, the future is also not set in stone, and Aku at one point had a vision of his own that he set out to stop (Jack and the Warrior Woman). It's also possibly one version of said future--Jack essentially did rally an army by the end, even if it wasn't exactly as that vision appeared. There are numerous possible answers, but in the end I'm simply satisfied that the means by which Jack got back to the past were not anticlimactic or super-predictable, and instead kept us on our toes the whole time.
I'm going to tell you another story. So, Leia is captured after loading secret information into a droid. Then Han, who has been living his entire life as a drone of the Empire, releases her and steals a ship. They crash on Tatooine, where they are separated. Han meets Luke, a desert urchin who pilots the Falcon away from an Imperial attack. In space, they are captured by Obi-Wan, who is hauling Sand People. Greedo and Jabba show up, and Han/Luke release the Sand People to save Obi-Wan. They flee in the Falcon to Yoda's palace on Dagobah, where Han tries to ditch the Rebellion before Vader attacks Dagobah and kidnaps Luke. Han and Obi-Wan fly to Yavin IV, where they meet Mon Mothma. With the Death Star plans, they prepare to destroy the station by infiltrating it so that Leia and the other fighter pilots can destroy the station. On the station, Obi-Wan is furious to discover that Han lied and only wants to rescue Luke. In a hilarious turn of events, Luke has already escaped from Vader's clutches after they had a heart-to-heart talk without Vader's mask on. After they meet up, Vader kills Obi-Wan, Chewie shuts down the shields, Leia does a trench run to destroy the station, and then there are two lightsaber fights: Vader kicks Han's ass, then Luke beats Vader. Does that sound like A New Hope as you remember? No? Then stop calling it a clone. By listing all similarities you completely ignore the differences. Especially when your parallels aren't always accurate, in order, or actually boil down to anything specific.
&gt;Rogue One was a much better movie in every direction. Look, you're entitled to your opinion and all, and I can see why you might think that about some of its qualities, but &gt;Characters, What?
Finn was in the movie for almost its entirety...
George Lucas also stated before that he originally planned to continue the story further into the future as well...even if you choose to follow George's wishes on this, it's not like this wasn't an original wish for him as well.
Not really. Episode 7 followed a similar plot frame but did a *ton* different in terms of execution, and did take risks on its own. First off, Kylo Ren is the first villain in a Star Wars trilogy that starts out as anything more than the big baddie. He legitimately has layers--something we didn't really get from Vader until Empire. Hell, they took a lot of risk with his arc even in just TFA, and it's why to those who liked the character, they *loved* the character. It's also the first Star Wars movie to humanize the enemy troops, such as the Stormtroopers. Also included are new saber designs, a ridiculously more diverse cast than ever before in Star Wars, a resurgence of heavy practical effects blended with CGI in the series, some really excellent and refreshing fight choreography (both with ships and with people), etc. It also was paced completely differently from the previous films, and the cinematography and editing were far ahead of most other Star Wars films. Details like that can't be overlooked, especially since the last time a Star Wars film was nominated for this many awards was ROTJ, and ANH is the only one to trump its numbers. Second, yeah there are more similarities between 4 and 7 more than between 1 and 4. But there are still a *lot*, and there's also a ton of shoehorned callbacks in there that seem to be nothing more than fan service. Yes, some things were original, like space politics and new worlds. But original doesn't always mean better. By the way, take none of this to mean that I ignore the similarities. The major flaw that I see in the film is that it crosses the line with Starkiller. But the difference is, it's not a gamebreaking flaw for me. And it's why TFA is still my third favorite Star Wars film.
Are you telling me the mods are the sith lords we've been looking for?
Season 5 was phenomenal, but that episode (#7, I believe) was so damn rushed towards the end. Still not bad, but a missed opportunity.
Huh? KotOR 2 with restored content mod is great and all and I can see why some like it more than KotOR (I don't, but I can see why some do), but that mostly because of the story and writing. But I've never heard a single person before call KotOR2 a smoother gameplay experience. Everything just gets clunkier in that game...
I actually just posted something similar, where I compared 21 Guns to Telephone Line by ELO, and Route 209 from Pokemon DPP.
But why would they? Their duty was to destroy Aku--that is pretty much the only means of intervention into the world of man that they had through all the seasons. I'm just confounded by why you're so desperate for this to work out. Yes, Ashi was a fantastic character in so many respects. She and Scaramouche rivaled Scotsman as characters, which says a ton. But Samurai Jack has always been about glimmers of hope in the dark. That's what the ending represents--Ashi no longer exists, and neither do many of Jack's friends from the future, but the only reason for that is because they rallied behind Jack to help him in his quest. It's because of their sacrifice that there is now a bright, hopeful future, and Aku's apocalypse is averted. That's the light in the dark. And it makes the final scene with the ladybug and the beautiful grove hit even harder. Bringing Ashi back because of some magic from the gods just feels like shameless fanservice to me.
Definitely fair. And I agree. I just hope, given time, people will still feel sad by the ending, but not think that it sucks. Like Cowboy Bebop, which hit me harder than almost any TV or movie ending ever. (Granted, Samurai Jack's finale doesn't quite match Bebop's, but that's mostly because of some pacing issues along with the fact that Bebop's ending is near perfect).
I mostly agree with him. I don't think that just because it was Genndy's choice it means that it's good--otherwise any finale is good just the way it is. But I agree with him on everything else. It just strikes me as clamoring for fanservice asking for Genndy to actually go back and change it so that Jack has a pitch perfect happily ever after, when it doesn't match the tone and events of the rest of the show, let alone the final season. Sometimes the beauty is in the bittersweet nature of it. It's sad and it hits hard, but that only goes to show how effective it was. Cowboy Bebop is the best example of that. Was the ending perfect? Nah, episodes 7 and 10 in particular had some significant rushing issues, but even that didn't faze 10 from being fantastic nonetheless. And 7 from being great. And best of all, it fit. It was consistent with the rest of the show, and therefore it didn't betray the rest of the show. Which makes going back for repeat watches that much more satisfying.
Exactly. Like I said, however, I do agree with all other reasons and I myself wouldn't change the ending at all (maybe change the pacing of it but that's it). It's possible that Phil was teasing the idea there of "it's not what I wanted", not necessarily the idea of "it wasn't good". The rest seemed to address the latter.
As I replied above, the intention of the creator is not above criticism. I agree with you there. It is important to note, however, that a surprisingly vast majority of suggested alternate endings I've seen around don't seem to criticize the actual ending quality--they criticize that a beloved character died, and try to shoehorn ways around it so she doesn't die. A lot of the criticism I've seen comes not from disjointed themes or bad characterization or anything--just that the show's logic over the course of 5 seasons means their favorite character dies. Not saying everyone is saying that, but a *lot* are. So I don't think Phil's points are off the mark about comparing it to the Mona Lisa. People wanted a happier ending at the cost of going against the show's central themes. Equivalent to asking the Mona Lisa to smile more.
But that's all we really need. The key is, Jack is free to do any of this that he wants because his quest has come to an end that kicked off the series. Sure it's open ended as to what lies in the future, but by that definition, so was Avatar: TLA in the same vein. Was Korra awesome and a great addition to the world? Definitely. But we also definitely got closure to Aang's tale at the end of his story, even when he had his whole life ahead of him. In a similar vein, even if Jack continues on stuff, there was definitely closure to this series in a meaningful way. What makes me wary about a continuation for Jack, however, is that the core of the series was rooted in this multicultural, eclectic, sci-fi/fantasy post apocalyptic universe. With Aku now vanquished and Jack back in the past, there's not as much value in adding more.
I definitely wouldn't call him and Katara the final closure. I thought it was a good way to top off the final scene, but that final scene in general was special because it was people of all nationalities and origins, friends and enemies, under one rooftop enjoying tea, and after a big speech about repair and unity. Aang and Katara was only secondary. That's never the part people focus on when they talk about the finale. To each their own, but I'm just demonstrating that the real closure comes from the conclusion of arc originally set at the story's beginning.
The Legend of Korra one was mostly pretty meh, but Varrick's tale was pure gold. One of the funniest things in either series.
The show used to trade off SpongeBob and Patrick and Squidward being jerks to each other. SpongeBob's naiveness used to be more earnest than careless destruction without consequences. Patrick used to have occasional moments of brilliance out of nowhere that were somehow still in character. Mr. Krabs used to have more hooks to him than just loving money and being an asshole about it. Sandy used to be more than just the straight man (or woman). Plankton probably changed the least over time but his energy had less to bounce off of from others. Also the episode content used to propel these things better. It's just stupid hijinx now. It used to be clever scenarios with character arcs and some sort of hilarious relevance to real life.
Putting it on par with TPM is...not saying very good things.
Dammit I forgot about that one. That one too. Dr. Wu and Your Gold Teeth II are also both top Steely Dan songs.
I loved 7, but MK8 just blows almost everything about it out of the water.
I beat almost every cup on 200cc with medium to medium-heavy characters. The key is to make sure you start drifting early, and to pump the brakes while in a drift.
And Mario Odyssey.
Disagree. Almost everyone I've seen criticize the ending were angry about her dying. I do agree that it was rushed, but not that it was contrived. Storytelling devices that help serve the purpose and weight of the tale are fine. Feeling Aku's presence leave is different from her fading away (one is related to Aku in the past, and one related to Aku in the future never existing to be her father). The latter has precedent in other media that uses the trick of "fading" as the future timeline is erased--Back to the Future, for example. There's absolutely no reason why Marty's fading should be slower than his siblings and family, let alone conveniently at the dance. But it's an effective storytelling device, even if it's arbitrary. In this case, while the wedding scene was rushed, the placement of her fade adds weight to the very final scene.
I already did. Not only does the end detail *possible* futures, but it's *multiple* possible futures. It was always possible that they didn't come true exactly as that.
Extended. I saw almost no problem with the ending events. Just wish it wasn't so quick in those moments.
Yo listen, I'm someone who enjoyed the ending quite a bit, with the exception of the fact that it and episode 7 were quite rushed. But damn, you don't need to be a jerk about it.
Same. Episode 2 was brilliant for its focus on gorgeous animation and action. Episode 6 for having absolutely fantastic comedy chops while also having a lot of heartfelt characterization and a strong arc overall. Pretty much, both sides to Samurai Jack's awesomeness as a whole.
Part of where I'm coming from is that I've been right where you are before. I'll explain at the end. On my phone and can't really cite everything right now but a couple examples to illustrate the point: - Lack of Agency in the last episodes. First off, it's not entirely correct because even if it was poorly done in 7, he did regain his sword all on his own while Ashi handled the physical threats. In both 8 and 9 he was definitely acting on his own and kicking ass. 10 was the only one with much lack of agency at all. But then it misses the point of the final episode, which is that all of Jack's righteousness wasn't just for the sake of it--the allies he's saved and helped came back to return the favor in his hour of need. Which is really what the series, and final season, led up to: he helps all these people and doesn't seem to have anything to show for it. Well, there it is. The lack of agency bit sums up not to something that was bad, but something that you missed the drive of, and while you can be missing the agency, turning it into something that sucked is missing the point. Then grouping small things that are neutral from the previous episodes in there that don't really relate or aren't out of the norm from previous seasons is confirmation bias. Then grouping episodes 8 and 9 into there is just inaccurate. - Small things like travel time for the allies were blown way up. Even though in the series past, traveling long distances by horse, foot, or boat in extremely short periods of time was no issue at all. And now almost all of them were flying on superpowered beasts and futuristic technology. Not to mention the entire series is focused on the exaggerated, the extreme, the over the top, the suspension of disbelief. But it was blown into a significant flaw with a significant amount of time spent on it. That's nitpicking/confirmation bias. - A lot of the plot structure and blocking you called all too convenient or shoehorned for cheap storytelling effect. But...like...that's what *all* stories are built on. I can literally start listing hundreds of plot points from random works of TV, movies, video games, etc. that are legit totally fine but I can start pointing fingers saying they were too convenient, or cheap storytelling tricks. That's what stories are built on though. The reason why I'm calling this out is that I had been the same way about Mass Effect 3 for a while. The ending is near universally hated, and the themes in it betrayed so much of what the series stood for. Over the weeks after finishing it, suddenly all the nitpicks about the game started building up in my mind and blew up to bigger proportions. Systems I was neutral about almost all became negative. Story aspects that were "alright" became plot breaking. And there were details about the game's design that I was flat out remembering incorrectly. And then I started hating the whole game as a result. I also started to ignore or glance over many of the strong aspects. And truth be told, overall it was still a step down from Mass Effect 2 in so many ways, but not nearly as much as I was making it on many of its fronts. It took me *years* for someone to flat out call bullshit on me on many of those aspects. And then I realized I was being an asshole about the game. Yeah, it still has a sour reputation in my mind, even as a whole, but I was being quite unfair and inaccurate about it. And it killed my ability to argue well about it. Those "Legend of Whorra" videos seem to do the same thing as well. And I'm surprised the first sign of that for you wasn't the extremely immature name.
See my reply to him. I'd rather not copy paste it again.
The later seasons get better at that. While it's still quite episodic in structure, Season 2 is a lot of Jack growing as a hero. Season 3 is a lot of lore-building and context building. Season 4 is Jack in his prime, and there's a lot more focus on the enemies he faces. With each season though, the content gets more consistent, and they relate more and more to the main plot. Season 5 is essentially one big arc. I was actually super impressed how seamlessly the show transitioned to this structure.
People seem to consistently forget this. Remember when Battlefront 3 was cancelled and they made 2 portable games that were damn forgettable compared to Battlefront 2 as well? Remember The Force Unleashed? Or those two Clone Wars games? Or the Darth Maul game that went through development hell and then was cancelled? Hell, even Lego Star Wars was on a descent after II until Lego Star Wars TFA was released. Lucasarts had not come out with a genuinely amazing Star Wars game for years, and their internal structure was in shambles.
&gt;Most of the Creation Club content is created internally This cannot get more point blank. &gt;idiots like you Easiest way to devalue your own argument.
From the FAQ: &gt;Most of the Creation Club content is created internally, some with external partners who have worked on our games, and some by external Creators. All the content is approved, curated, and taken through the full internal dev cycle; including localization, polishing, and testing. Most done internally. Some done by external partners (probably referring to companies such as Obsidian). The "Creators" part isn't even open users.
Hmm? Bethesda's track record is overall pretty smooth. Ever since the infamous Horse Armor DLC, their DLC game has been pretty on point. Especially for Skyrim. Then they had the mod marketplace. And then almost immediately apologized for it and removed it.
&gt;content Not the workflow and publishing process. Content. And then they handle all of the workflow and publishing process. Which is quite a bit of work in itself. Amazing what lengths you're going to to compare this to their old paid marketplace system, which they apologized for and said this is meant to be entirely different.
None of what you said at all addresses the points I made... Which games of theirs have been gutted for DLC recently? Or microtransactions from the main Bethesda Game Studios? And the paid mods thing was almost immediately apologized for and scrapped. So their main flub was backtracked on. New Vegas is not lauded as their best by *everyone*. By quite a lot? Sure. Skyrim is still known to be their best overall though. And New Vegas built on the foundation provided by Fallout 3.
Give me the damn quote in their video or statements. I literally just checked them again and what you said was BS. Also, enough of the damn name calling. How much of a fucking asshole do you have to be to just keep using new ones? I'm not even a Bethesda fan--I've spent about 25 hours playing Bethesda games combined (some on Oblivion, a few on Skyrim). I just hate outrage culture and choose to do some actual research first.
Elite Squadron turned the promised ground-to-space system into extremely repetitive and heartless gameplay. Every map just turned out the same way with pretty much the same approach. The extremely limited number of players helped in that, as well as the consistent loading times creating the "seams" in what should be a seamless map. The customization system was also pretty broken and meh. The game holds a 63 on Metacritic.
That's what I'm getting at. The concept for what should've been the best Battlefront ended up making for one of the worst (for me, it's probably BFII &gt; BFI &gt; EABF = RS &gt; ES). Hopefully EA Battlefront II lives up to the hype it's generating (for good reason too--everything so far looks to point to an amazing game, while there were warning signs quite early for Battlefront), and it could seat itself as one of the best. Plus, that'd boost the chances of Battlefront III having the seamless ground and space battles. That's what they seem to be moving to already--Battlefront got one era and a few maps and heroes and air battles. Battlefront II has all three eras, many more maps and heroes and space battles. Battlefront III hopefully the large scale, ground-to-space action? Just keep building it up is the dream.
Lego Star Wars: TCW was supposedly regarded as a bit of a mixed bag. Some steps forward, some steps back. It also released at a time before the show got into its absolute prime.
Hey, I didn't say I support it from a quality standpoint (I don't even own F4 and have only played about 5 hours of Skyrim), just that it's less like low effort sales on free stuff and more like an internal mod contracting team. That's what we're discussing here. I wasn't debating that often times, the open source and free community can jump leagues ahead of some paid developers.
Yes but the free modding community is not going away by any means for it. &gt;This is Beth owning and charging for other people's content if they do the bug testing Like I said, QA testing and localization and polish are by no means low effort tasks. Also, the other people are still getting a cut.
I've gotta disagree with that. There are several things that put BF2 ahead: - Better gunplay (Renegade Squadron was much worse in this regard as well) - Better controls - Better hero gameplay - Better defined classes - Better vehicle and character balance - Tighter and more organized maps that keep a lot of intense focus on the battle - More players. There's a big difference between 16 players and 50 players--especially when the former is stretched over a larger map. Surface to air could've been nice, if it wasn't so one-dimensional in the valid approaches and progression as the battle turns out. That's something huge that BF2 did right on many of its maps, even when it wasn't surface to air. I mean, you're free to have enjoyed it. But general consensus is that Battlefront 2 is leagues ahead. And that's saying a lot, because Battlefront 2 was a hot mess. But it was a hot mess with some beautiful methods to its madness and chaos, and tons of modes and such to accommodate.
To date, the only game that *really* made me feel like a Jedi.
I'm a simple man. I see Cowboy Bebop OST, I upvote. It doesn't hurt that the soundtrack is absolutely freaking insane.
&gt;Rupees loose value because you can have unlimited and farm. Farming exists in practically every game ever. There's no real reason to farm as that's just a repetitive gameplay path of abusing a single minigame, so I would definitely not say that they lose value. Especially when the path to other accessible rupees is far more fun and rewarding. &gt;Shrine puzzles should have been Incorporated in larger beasts to make the dungeons memorable. Doesn't alter my point in any way. Shrines are strong. &gt;Some side quests are good but all rewards suck. A throw you a bone shrine at the end of a quest was crap. Already established: rupee rewards are rewarding if you don't kill all your fun factor and farm a bowling minigame. Weapon rewards from side quests are also dope. Shrine orbs are rewarding because heart pieces and stamina bars actually mean something in this actually challenging game. Great Fairy upgrade items and armor pieces are also found as side quest rewards. Also, fun factor is important in side quests more than anything. These have that. I don't give a damn about Wind Waker's side quests because they simultaenously are not very fun *and* have meaningless rewards. &gt;Exploring and transversing the world is fun until you're about 30ish hours in Can't disagree more with that. I have 160+ hours on the game, much of it just roaming around. I never even once found it a hassle to get anywhere--find a horse and you'll get to a new shrine in 30 seconds or less. Or a new landmark. Or a new enemy base. Or a new memory. Or a new region. Or a new town. Or a new tower. Or a new side quest. Or a new treasure. Or a main story objective. Or a lab. Or a secret shop. Or an elaborate shrine quest. I could go on. Just because you got tired after 30 hours doesn't devalue the fact that most people seem to have spent well over a hundred hours in the same game, mostly just exploring.
Knock knock.
The Truman Show
Yes. Most games already do.
True, but that simply means there's no true evidence for either side.
Exactly. And that doesn't make him a villain who knows he's a villain--it makes him a villain going in with what he believes is a righteous or at least neutral cause, who became caught up with said drive to the point where it ate at him to an extent.
What? Of the major press conferences, they were one of the only ones to have a huge percentage of games showed off be releasing this year. Of the games they showed off: - Mario + Rabbids - 2017 - Xenoblade Chronicles 2 - 2017 - Kirby - 2018 - Pokken DX - 2017 - Metroid Prime 4 - TBD - Yoshi - 2018 - Untitled Pokemon RPG - TBD - Fire Emblem Warriors - 2017 - The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild DLC - 2017 - Rocket League - 2017 - Super Mario Odyssey - 2017 - Sonic Forces - 2017 - Fate/EXTELLA: The Umbral Star - 2017
&gt;I'm talking about new announcements that are also coming this year. So you understand that there is a total of maybe 1 or 2 games, if that, at the entirety of E3, that fit that standard? Hell, I can't actually even name any myself except Wolfenstein II. &gt;So of the 13 games listed, only 6 games are coming out this year, making that "huge percentage" &lt;50% Your math is off. If you disregard ports and DLC, then you have to disregard them from both the numerator *and* denominator. Once you do that, it's significantly &gt; 50%. By the way, even if it was lower than 50%, that's still a higher percentage than any company except EA and Ubisoft. It should also be mentioned that no other press conference this year except maybe Ubisoft had shown off even 6 new games releasing this year.
Memes aside, she's probably being tongue-in-cheek. Similar to the guy a while back who literally mansplained what mansplaining is to a girl who complained about mansplaining.
*Because that's the whole fucking point of the term*--to name a phenomenon where women are seen as more dense than men, and so men have to dumb things down for them. And it's extremely common. It's a term revolving around a dangerous social construct around women. The fact that you don't know this means that you have very little understanding of the term, its origins, and its intent. It's not about men being evil--it's about women being treated unfairly.
&gt;Again, would you be saying the same thing if someone was telling you about the evils of womannagging? Sure. If men were a historically marginalized group in society. And if "womannaging" was a phenomenon that targeted and marginalized men. And if nagging didn't have a negative connotation to it already without its context. Nagging is negative, but it's never been used in a situation where someone says, "That person nagging me made me feel like I wasn't seen as an equal because of my gender." Mansplaining has. &gt;Face it, you're not denouncing an evil. You're just perpetuating a sexist stereotype. Are you really trying to play the "reverse sexism" card? You know why that's bullshit, right? Have you ever been part of a group or community in society that has been legitimately marginalized? I have, by the way. Until you have, you will never understand how overly hypersensitive you sound right now when act like you're marginalized or attacked by the phrase "mansplaining". There's a reason why most of the only people complaining about the term are white Christian/atheist males.
I mean, I just looked up a few dictionary definitions. In all of them, racism and sexism were based in superiority and inferiority balances. Once again, using the term mansplaining does not attack the male gender on its worthiness. It is an action that relates to how women are treated inferior in certain contexts.
You looked at your own links, right? &gt;Prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against someone of a different race *based on the belief that one's own race is superior.* &gt; The belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race, *especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races.* &gt;Prejudice, stereotyping, or discrimination, typically against women, on the basis of sex. There is never any intention to discriminate against or stereotype men with the term "mansplaining."
I mean, I don't disagree with you. "Mansplaining" is a different plane than interrupting though--mansplaining doesn't always come in the form of interrupts, and isn't always in the realm of arguments.
Not quite. Most sites seem to be handing the award of best of show to Mario Odyssey. For me it was between those two games as well. Shoutout to Mario+Rabbids though, for being the game no one wanted but now suddenly everyone wants.
That's not the part I'm concerned about haha--more just that I don't want to hear someone else's fantasy of someone else fantasizing about him.
True. Though you could always play pro controller + kickstand.
Yeah I've heard about that. It's a bit iffy at times. My guess is that they'll have a slightly modified revision where they fix it in the future, as they did with the Joy Cons. Probably doesn't even warrant a brand new product.
Alpharad had a pretty great one.
I loved Multiply for how refreshing it is for a pop album. With so much pumped out pop music relying on heavily mixing effects and formulaic song structure, and high screaming tenor voices, it was refreshing hearing this guy come out, able to gain so much popularity with mostly sounds you can make with a voice, loop pedal, and guitar (along with a few other minimal effects). Divide seemed to throw most of that out of the window and replace it with more conventional sound that wasn't even that good. Why is he using so much more electronic sound? Why is he screaming so much more? Why are his lyrics getting less heartfelt and more contrived? There were very few songs I genuinely liked on Divide. And the fact that he reinvented his sound isn't the part that bugs me--it's that he reworked his sound and the replacement was so much worse. You can do that and pull it off extremely well. Paramore did that with After Laughter--completely dialed down their punk rock flavor and replaced it with 80s new wave and synthpop sound--and somehow it worked out beautifully.
The original 3DS model scratching itself is completely true--mine did it, and I usually keep my electronics in the best of care. Like I said, first gen Nintendo handhelds often have *lots* of hardware quirks and problems. Then the second generation comes around and fixes most of them
Yeah honestly I'm not sure how some of these things get past that phase. Who knows. Maybe they believed solving them later outweighed the drawbacks of an on-time release of the accessory.
To be fair, almost every major candidate at the time opposed gay marriage. Obama was running on the most progressive platform at the time though, so LGBT supported him because they believed he'd be most susceptible to a change of heart on the matter. Which happened (and whether political or not, it still happened).
&gt;The Wii U did as well. Wii U didn't sell nearly this well in its first months. It was back in stock in most places within weeks. Switch is still out of stock almost everywhere. It also doesn't face nearly the same marketing issues, naming problems, public awareness, lack of system sellers, etc. that the Wii U did. Coming from someone who owns both.
Some of those details aren't in TFA, but it does cover a few of them: - Republic is not at war with The First Order - The Resistance is an offshoot, militarized group against The First Order, driven by the inaction of the Republic and the danger they believed The First Order posed - Republic supposedly has good or at least stable relations with the Resistance, TFO hates this - TFO blows up Republic Capitol System - Leia leads the Resistance The main pieces that aren't described are: - Republic is demilitarized - Leia left the Republic because she was tired of the inaction against TFO
&gt;None of these are in question. You'd be surprised at how often I see those in question. Those are most relevant to TFA's plot, so they didn't go into more exposition than that. Well-paced trilogies tend to do exposition over the course of multiple films. &gt;What is the first order's goal? Right now, we don't know, but their ultimate goal seems to be left out, and based on TLJ's interviews so far, it was deliberate to be revealed later when it'd become more relevant. Right now, there is intentional mystery surrounding TFO. The only part relevant to TFA was that their immediate goal was to end the Resistance and stop the Jedi from returning. &gt;Why isn't the republic fighting the first order? Because they're two different regions of control. Why *would* they be at war if they didn't see any animosity from TFO? At the time they were at peace, no one else knew about Starkiller either. &gt;Why is the resistance fighting the first order? Because they're a resistance...and they saw danger in The First Order because they saw them as evil. Asking that is like asking why the Rebellion was at war with the Empire in ANH. It's not answered except by the fact that the Empire is evil apparently. Overexposition is a thing, you know.
OK, a few things: 1. It was definitely more than half a dozen. You can clearly see that in the film. 2. Why is it dumb for an underpowered resistance group to have a small fleet? They're extremely ragtag and don't have nearly the influence the Rebellion had at ANH. 3. Even despite that, the Rebellion also had only that same amount in ANH. 4. Your comment has almost no relevance to mine anyway--I was addressing politics concerns.
Well...they tried. Failed way too often though. Count Dooku is the best example of this. First scene when he talks to Obi Wan sets him up as one of the most intriguing villains we've seen. Then immediately afterwards he reverts to boring, one-dimensional villain. The Clone Wars, however, does a great job of upending much of the black/white.
Here are some of my favorites: - Fire Emblem Awakening - Animal Crossing: New Leaf - A Link Between Worlds (either this or Fire Emblem Awakening is my favorite 3DS game) - Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate - Pokemon Sun and Moon - Mario Kart 7 (not nearly as good as the near perfect Mario Kart 8, but still awesome) - Super Mario 3D Land (first 6 worlds are pretty easy, but they go by fast, and are still fun. The next 10 worlds though...so damn good, and so damn challenging) - Ocarina Of Time and Majora's Mask remakes. If you haven't played these games already, you really should. - Bravely Default (Square Enix going back to its roots) - Pushmo (fantastic puzzle game) - Kid Icarus Uprising (if you can get past the controls, the gameplay for this action game is so damn good) - Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D (if you haven't played Returns already)
As someone who owned a Wii U from the start, it definitely wasn't that peachy. For the first few months I owned a total of 2 or 3 Wii U games, including eShop offerings. I own like 6 or 7 games on the Switch at this point.
Send your joy con to Nintendo. They have a fix for it now.
&gt;How is it going? Extremely well for me. I don't regret the purchase a bit, and the upcoming games makes me more satisfied with it. I'm very impressed with the "gimmicks" this time around. Developers talking about how easy it is to port to the system, strong hardware and control schemes...this time around, Nintendo seems less focused on creating new game experiences, and more on enhancing the experiences we love already. The seamless portability and ability to split up joy cons for portable split screen play are examples of that. HD Rumble is something I wrote off when first announced, and now I absolutely love it. &gt;Are there obvious faults with the console? They're adding features bit by bit, but it still feels like an early access console. I can do with no web browser, but the News feature clearly demonstrates Youtube functionality that's on the way. No streaming services yet, robust online features starting to seep in but the main bulk of it not here yet, etc. But it plays games exceptionally well, and the interface is super clean, which is a good starting space. &gt;How is the game library? It becomes far more alluring for me to play games on it than on my PC when the interface is so straight to the point, and when it's so portable that I know I can take the experience on the train with me. Also, Breath of the Wild is climbing its way up to being my favorite game of all time. I currently own Snipperclips (great co op puzzle game, pretty standard for single player), Voez (cool rhythm game, not worth the price IMO), Fast RMX (racing game), Puyo Puyo Tetris (puzzle game, pretty packed and challenging adventure mode), Thumper (rhythm game, much more value than Voez IMO), BOTW, Mario Kart 8, and Shovel Knight Treasure Trove. There are some really good games coming on the horizon as well, which I'm very excited about. Splatoon 2 is the next big one for me, outside of some upcoming indies. &gt;Would you recommend waiting for a price cut? A price cut will almost definitely not be happening for at least a year. Especially since the console has been quite successful thus far.
&gt;But the reality remains you don't go to E3 to see what you already know is coming. You go into E3 knowing you already know what is coming in 2017. Not for future years, you're right, but on that front, we did get at least 4 new game announcements, and details on game titles that we knew absolutely zilch about (like Mario + Rabbids, where we didn't even know the genre).
No, because intentional shortage also diminishes the total number they could sell in that time. And their goal is to have as many playing the newest games as they can. Sold out everywhere means demand exceeds supply. Which is one, though not the only, metric for success.
1. **(Tentatively) Breath of the Wild** 2. Star Wars: Knigths of the Old Republic 3. **Super Mario Galaxy** 4. Mass Effect 2 5. **Pokemon Gold** 6. Undertale 7. **Super Smash Bros. Melee/4** 8. Dark Souls 9. Star Wars: Tie Fighter 10. Star Wars: Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast
&gt;but you go and do the exact same thing? Admittedly I went into that space. Let me amend those things and say, "Near universally regarded as having those virtues." &gt;Dissonance is inherently grating to listen to. It's equivalent to putting a tampon in a teacup and calling it "art". You know that dissonance is in music everywhere, right? Very few songs in the world has zero use of dissonance in harmonic structure. Dissonance is not inherently "grating"--it's inherently tense. Good music is the act of mixing in dissonance as an act of creating tension, followed by release of said tension. Your teacup example is absolutely hilarious and when you use it you deny the merit of (a) almost every Romantic Era composer, (b) almost every jazz composer, and (c) almost every film score composer without even realizing it, just to name a few.
&gt;I agree about WW. This is probably as far as I agree with you, unfortunately. I thought WW was fantastic about it because the movie was very consistent with its messages. It conveyed messages and general themes, and Wonder Woman's actions throughout echoed it as well. Humor was blended in extremely well in a manner that didn't contradict or offset the serious tone. The other DCEU movies, however, *attempt* to showcase this hope and optimism, but they fall flat on their faces because the actual content is not consistent with the theme. Man of Steel, for example, suffers from horrible tonal inconsistency, a lack of Superman actually doing actions that inspire hope (there are moments where you see other humans inspired, but they come out of nowhere--Superman isn't actually doing much to make those things follow through). It also did a bad job of incorporating humor and lightheartedness. It felt like Snyder's means of blending hope and the dark tone of the rest was to simply alternate the tone of each scene back and forth. And it was jarring. Best example of this is how they offset the best scene in MoS [Spoiler](#s "killing Zod") with a terribly campy airfield scene where Superman is suddenly cocky and hot shit. And nothing comes out of that powerful scene. The lack of good character chemistry also hurts these movies' arcs a lot. Wonder Woman was an awesome movie because despite its flaws (occasionally questionable writing, a tad bit of missed potential in the final act, etc.), it got all those things right. Wonder Woman, both through dialogue and action, was a light in the darkness. The cinematography deliberately and carefully contrasted dull and bleak coloring with warmer, saturated moments. Tone was consistent throughout the movie, and even through humorous moments, said humor was woven seamlessly in. It wasn't just back-and-forth between lighthearted and dark sequences. Also, the whole cast just had fantastic chemistry.
Same happened with The Force Awakens. Though I liked The Force Awakens way more than Rogue One. For me I don't see myself siding with either the hype or hate train. I thought it was just alright overall.
I mean, I still consider it one of the best films I saw that year. And definitely the one I enjoyed the most.
Here are some of the things I didn't love: - The writing got inconsistent at times - Gal Gadot's delivery of her lines wasn't always on point - The final act had a bit of missed potential in how it resolved Here are some of the things I loved: - Aside from a few missed delivery moments, Gal Gadot absolutely nailed the role and was the best embodiment of Wonder Woman I have seen outside of the comics, animated or not. - It had the thematic depth that some other DCEU movies had been aiming for, but was actually consistent with it and executed it well. - It had humor, but said humor didn't detract from darker tone. - It had a darker tone, but it didn't detract from the fact that Diana was a beacon of light and hope within said darkness. - The villain was interesting, and it didn't just rely on the fact that it was a twist. The nature and exposition and lead-up to said villain was fantastic. - The cinematography wasn't just "make everything bleak and dark". They played with colors a lot and contrasted bleaker atmospheres with more saturated colors when it was fitting. - The fight choreography was fantastic - The character chemistry was fantastic - That the main threat wasn't some magical weapon and was instead rooted in the chemical warfare aspects of WWI was strong - Being a darker take on DC, as with the rest of the DCEU, didn't mean that Wonder Woman's core character had to be compromised, as the rest of the DCEU seemed to do over and over again. - It was very well paced.
Well, the love fest for it was also that despite being derivative of ANH (not a beat-for-beat rehash, and I will vehemently disagree with that notion on countless fronts), it was also an extremely well executed film. General consensus actually puts it as the third best Star Wars film currently (V &gt; IV &gt; VII &gt; VI &gt; R1 = III &gt; II = I). But many consider it, from a purely filmmaking execution standpoint, second only to Empire.
"Deadpool is for 14 year olds" "The Force Awakens was not good and was a rehash of ANH" "Christopher Nolan is overrated and his films are overrated" God dammit, like I don't see enough of these every day here.
How far did you get in Xenoblade Chronicles 2, out of curiosity? Your review of it sounds as if you only played the first 10-15 hours. Particularly, if we're talking in-game systems being fleshed out, which you mentioned, there is possibly no game I've ever played in my life that I'd consider deeper and more fleshed out (not even being hyperbolic there--even amongst JPRGs which are notoriously super deep). The depth and sheer amount of content in Xenoblade 2 is absolutely unbelievable.
See, that's a response I can appreciate :). Thanks for typing that all out. Like I said, I haven't played Persona 5 yet myself so I can't argue (need a PS4 first, which I probably will get because I've never played The Last Of Us or Nier or Bloodborne) which is better. I did simply want to hear more detail, which you definitely provided. I do wanna address a few things though: &gt;awful English dub I'm not sure I can agree with this one overall. I actually rewatched cutscenes once in a while in the Japanese just to check it out (and tried seeing the first few only in the Japanese as well), and I honestly liked the English more. Yes, Rex and some minor side characters aren't very good and are better in the Japanese, but almost every other major character is better in the English. Pyra (who is great in the English, I can't stand in the Japanese), Nia (who is awesome in the English, I can't stand in the Japanese), Tora (who is annoying in the English, but even worse in the Japanese), Morag (who is fantastic in the English, terrible in the Japanese), and Zeke (who is absolutely perfect in the English, and alright in the Japanese). The English also get progressively better over the course of the game, while the Japanese ones don't really get much better. Rex is also at the point where he's mostly fine, except for when he needs to scream. He really doesn't know how to scream. But then again, Shulk set an absolute fucking gold standard for emotional screaming so it's hard to live up to regardless. &gt;I also have issues with the Blade system and how it is lootbox specific, forcing you to grind and repeat an endless amount of times to get the right Blade. I've never really had an issue with this one. I actually enjoyed this because it encouraged me to tailor and adapt my party designations and roles according to the blades I got. Don't have the right common blades for a merc mission? It's alright, do others in the meantime. Don't have the right blades to make my characters pure in their roles? It's fine--make them all hybrids, and use abilities that make sure they're prioritizing the right things when needed. Rather than encourage me to play how I wanted more (which I still got), it ensured that my gameplay experience was different from my friend's, who has also been playing the game.
You'd have to have never seen a truly bad movie in your life if this is the case. Hell, you'd have to have never watched half of the other Star Wars movies if this is the case.
&gt;Into the trash your opinion goes Lel, treat it however you want, but TFA's characters have been near universally praised. Whether you think so or not, you're in an extreme minority there. &gt;Like the way they bounce from planet to planet in a matter of seconds? Name one time they do that. You're thinking of Rogue One there. &gt;Like Rey just all of the sudden taught herself how to use the force and control peoples minds out of nowhere, with zero training Great, take things way out of context and show you have zero understanding of a film beyond surface level, why don't you. &gt;Forgot i was on reddit for a moment Forgot I was probably talking to someone who'd never been discriminated as part of an ethnic or racial minority in their life before. Side note, I have.
Gravity wells on capitol ships (and hell, most ships--that's why people are always right side up on a Stardestroyer or Falcon) have been a thing in Star Wars for a while.
Rogue One is not even one of my favorite Star Wars movies (it's 6th right now on my list, tied with ROTS), but even I think it has plenty of content that deserves to be in Battlefront. It's a Galactic Civil War battle that actually happened in a film and was large scale. Why wouldn't it be there?
So The Clone Wars is fantastic after the first season and a half (which kinda sucks imo). Admittedly, I haven't watched Rebels since about halfway through the third season, but what I saw was mixed. It's not as consistent as The Clone Wars was at its prime (despite being the same creative forces), and it continuously falls into the same stupid traps. There are some *damn* good episodes, but I also can't forgive the show for so heavily nerfing AT-ATs (which Rogue One also did--making them so easily taken down, sometimes by just a couple of foot soldiers, is a spit in the face to Empire which made those things so damn frightening that the Rebels never completely figured out the best way to beat them without suffering greater casualties). Or how Stormtroopers always seem to be the worst shots even from 10 feet away, and then as soon as the heroes get just a bit closer they stop firing entirely. But maybe it got better since I last watched. I've heard of at least one or two major events in the show since I left it.
&gt;(short of an actual gameplay moment) There will probably be another category for this.
&gt;I'd agree with that, but I fail to see how XC2 is dynamic and interesting. Well I explain my point on that in my next paragraphs. But you had a very different experience on those fronts, so at this point I guess we're just not going to agree here. Just to comment on one more thing: &gt;but most of the other times could easily be solved by marching 100 feet and having the party member rejoin and then suddenly lose again. This just affects the overall pacing of the game which is another argument, but its awful. You can self-impose bad pacing if you cheese the system. Now, I do agree with you that overall, the game's pacing needs work. Personally, I think the core mechanics and story are well-paced, but there's a load of time wasters as well. One of my main complaints with the game, alongside that the early game's pacing is, I agree, legitimately awful.
The first moment I realized 20 minutes in that I was climbing everything and that I was *able* to climb everything, my mind was absolutely blown. The benefit of hardly following the promotion for the game.
An album grants a bigger opportunity for an intense, focused project, so that makes sense.
This is a hot debate but IMO even if you think Good Kidd has higher highs (Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst is IMO still his best song), TPAB is way more consistent and has fewer flaws. On TPAB, there are no low points and the only song I'm not too hot on is Complexion. On GKMC, there are at least three I can think of off the top of my head. Jazz is also my favorite genre so I'm a major sucker for jazz-inspired hip hop. Also, his actual rap game went *way* up on TPAB. I don't think any verse on GKMC matches the technical prowess of the first verse of Momma, the first verse of Institutionalized, the final verse of How Much A Dollar Cost, or the entirety of For Free.
Videogamethony Dunktano is also a huge Kendrick Lamar fan.
To be fair, Fantano later said that that rating is more in the context of the rest of Kendrick's discography. A 7 for Kendrick at that point is still mad high. He said he's been asked if that rating is at all affected by his expectations going in and past Kendrick experiences, and he's wholeheartedly admitted it is. And DAMN., while still excellent, is IMO not even close to GKMC's or TPAB's levels, even if above Section .80. There are even aspects of Untitled, Unmastered that I appreciate a bit more.
&gt;Ahh so there were dungeons planned at one point. Well this is an interesting topic. I personally think he's obviously referring to what eventually became the shrines, because the actual dungeons were the Divine Beasts. But this topic of dungeon discovery brings up something I really love about BOTW: it gave us both the old and new ways of discovering dungeons. See, in the first Zelda, dungeon discovery wasn't tied to story. You needed to go out, explore, and find it and the manner of entry yourself. As the series went on though, these became progressively more tied to story, until Ocarina just had them purely accessed through story. Now, I see why they did it--that heavier story focus allows for more of an emotional connection. But I miss the player connection and sense of wonder for discovering them themselves. But Breath of the Wild does *both*! Shrines are discovered the old way, and Divine Beasts are discovered the new way. Which makes me ecstatic because I loved the old way but many prefer the new way. So many of my favorite moments in the game were simply *finding* a shrine by trying something weird, not even the shrine itself.
Even if his solo body isn't enough, his work on Outkast is enough to make him my favorite. When practically every verse of his on Aquemini is so mindblowingly good and yet so different from the last, it's hard for me to not consider him my favorite. To me, he is "the poet". Kendrick is ridiculous but in quite a few ways, his technical rapping ability is owed to influence by artists like Andre and Em. To me, Kendrick is "the philosopher". Kanye's entire contention is hilarious to me because while I agree he definitely is in the conversation (though I do very much miss the old Kanye), it's hilarious to me how he's not even that good of a rapper--he's the only contender for GOAT with absolutely zero flow haha. So much of it has to do with his persona, production, and lyrical content that he addresses. To me, he is "the artist". Jay Z's influence on the industry, bringing it closer to mainstream prevalence, building up an empire and having an incredible ear for good beats makes him an undeniable contender. He's the rapper that most epitomizes the "rags to riches" persona, and he championed the "slow flow" even if he wasn't the first to do it well. I think 4:44 is a reminder for why he's in the consideration even if he didn't have a classic since The Black Album before it. To me, he is the "business, man!" (an ode to his feature on Diamonds from Sierra Remix). I don't listen to much Wayne, so can't judge. Eminem IMO takes the cake for "best technical rapper". He basically made it impossible for all future rappers to just try to up the ante on that front and instead go into other directions for excellence. He's also insanely at illustrating graphic imagery through his lyrics. It's a shame he's pretty bad at picking beats and got way inconsistent after The Eminem Show, but that Slim Shady LP and Marshall Mathers LP are all classics regardless. To me, he is the "illustrator".
Disregarding the opinion on the general game because that's another talk, it's a mix of story and structure, but story definitely plays a part. ALttP is actually a bit nonlinear--a few can be done out of order. But the difference between ALttP and Ocarina in dungeon gating is that Ocarina has a more scripted story sequence, and dungeons are only opened after a story moment triggers it. In ALttP, they're opened when you get the item to open it and unlock it yourself. And in the original, the dungeons were way less out in the open and they were less about having the right item and more about spotting the strange anomaly or finding the right old man that'll give you a hint. So BOTW has shrines unlocked with the latter structure, and divine beasts unlocked through the story as with the former structure. It's structural but the structure is how much things are gated by story, when we compare ALttP to Ocarina.
While yes, they do often end in a shrine, BOTW to me is much more about the journey than the destination. The shrine is an endpoint to what is usually an awesome journey there. It's not like the mystery is ruined to me because I'm always wondering how to get the next shrine, rather than if a shrine will be there.
Really? For me the game is a shining example of having almost no barriers. Yes, you have to continuously adapt to situations and you can't get comfortable with the same stuff, but there's always a way forward and there's always another option. I will tell you that in my 185 hours of BOTW, I had to wait for rain to subside *once*, and it wasn't even from climbing. 60% of the time, I could still scale up with proper timing of my leaps. 90% of the rest of the time, there was a more optimal path nearby up the mountain with more breaks, and I just had to find it. 80% of the time, there was a nearby huddle where I could light a fire and sleep it off. Only one time did I have to wait it off, and for just 3 minutes or so, because I was lighting beacons for a furnace. That logic for not using your super badass weapon is the same logic for never using bomb arrows because you'll just run out. You get super badass weapons often enough that you'll constantly have one available, and because they're limited in use you value every hit more. By 20-30 hours in, if you're not using your super badass weapons, you're throwing them away because you're getting so many of them. And worrying about what's in boxes? You know that bombs do the same job, right? And that it only takes 1 sword hit to open boxes if you choose that way.
&gt;Also if you have to play a game for 20 to 30hrs before a mechanic becomes fun, it's a shit mechanic. That's not what I was saying at all. I was giving an example of how plain not using your uber powerful stuff instead of using it was just plain moot. Use it against the stuff that really troubles you! It's not like you're not gonna get another one. Also, the mechanic was probably my favorite in the first 10 hours anyway. I liked the survival aspect of it and having to be careful about my battles and a constant danger to find myself unable to defend myself by standard means if I abused anything. On Master Mode, it became even better for me.
&gt;The sidequest that made me give up on the game was called "One Step Ahead" and it is easily the worst sidequest I've ever played. If you stopped there, you missed several things that help make the game get much better: - Rex's generic nature and whitebread blind optimism and naivety end up getting checked and contextualized well by the rest of his party. So he stays generic, but it actually enhances the rest of the cast. - What made "One Step Ahead" so bad for you? Yeah, there's a nearby level 75 bird, but it takes 5 seconds to wait for him to fly away.
They're actually my two personal favorites, but there's hardly general consensus on this. Other Zelda games still in high contention: A Link to the Past, Ocarina of Time, Majora's Mask (somewhat), Wind Waker (somewhat) Other Mario games still in high contention: Super Mario Bros 3, Super Mario World, Super Mario 64 That goes without mentioning those from other series that are continuously brought up: Super Metroid, Metroid Prime, Pokemon RGBY, Pokemon GSC, Super Smash Bros Melee, etc.
I disagree. Pokemon GSC I've consistently seen in lists for top Nintendo games. Almost never are they lower than top 20. It's also my personal 5th favorite game of all time. &gt;Heartgold and Soulsilver are the best Pokemon I'm gonna have to disagree here. They make some expansions on GSC, but they also have Gen 4's pacing issues, which IMO drags the games down a lot. Gen 2 has much better pacing across the duration.
&gt;Bridghid still has a super servicy design See, for me, that was never the case. Her outfit strikes me as standard for attending a royal gala, which fits her character perfectly. All of the side boob, arms, etc. is nothing out of the ordinary for her type of outfit and personality. It's not like when Mythra says, "WHY WERE YOU STARING?!" And I just yell at the screen saying, "Why do you have a pocket of cleavage open and no pants in the first place?!" Revealing doesn't mean service-y if it reinforces a strong character. Example: Faye Valentine in Cowboy Bebop. Showing so much skin, flaunting it all the time, but it fits her character so well that it actually reinforces her and is never distracting. It only becomes a problem when there is heavy focus on it despite being totally contradictory. Mythra and Pyra don't match their personalities, *and* the camera seems to consistently focus on the fanservice, especially earlier in the game. Morag wears neutral clothes that defy archaic feminine roles and appearances, and Brighid is empowered in her embrace of her femininity. And because the game never *dwells* on it, it feels natural. And this goes into their appeal too--female friends I know who are playing feel very uncomfortable with Pyra and Mythra, but LOVE Nia, Morag and Brighid.
Same here--I absolutely adore side quests in good games, and it's one of the reasons why KotOR is my second favorite game of all time. It's also the reason why my enjoyment of XC1 skyrocketed as soon as I decided to fight my urge to get distracted and just focus only on main story. But there's only one side quest in XC2 that sucks that hard. Actually, wait, two. Ursula's blade quest is also a pain in the ass. Admittedly, the very early game is full of way too many pure fetch quests with no interesting hook. After you get past Gormott though, they start getting way more fun and more interesting.
Hmm, I still don't quite buy it. We also never got any evidence that that's the case--that they're representative of positive feedback. I do believe Malos would've been more shaped by it as well if that was the case. Also, remember that Pneuma also is a bit fanservice-y (there is a *lot* of focus on that clevage opening, for example). Regardless, even if it's an explanation, it's not an excuse. Even if it was a deliberate decision (which I doubt based on much of Takahashi's past work too), that doesn't necessarily make the decision positive. (My prime example with that for games is how much water there is in Pokemon Gen 3--yeah, it's deliberate to have the ying-yang of land and sea but that doesn't make the overload of water encounters and nothingness any better).
Except it still looks like it could be worn at a gala. Also, the opening actually seems to be to a light blouse underneath--you can see that it skirts below her waste in a picture from the front. And like I said, fits the character. I'd say she's not sexualized for the same reason Faye Valentine isn't sexualized--it fits the character and the camera doesn't often dwell on it or focus extra on it, so it's hardly distracting.
Personally, it's the only Mario platformer that I finished that I plain did not enjoy. Maybe he didn't play it, or maybe he just really didn't like it.
&gt;the strict linearity of the game Thank you! I feel like I'm the only one that says this while everyone else says, "It's so open-ended!" I don't think strict linearity is a bad thing--I think it's a bad thing when it juxtaposes the open-endedness of the worlds and forces you down a straight path in them. Odyssey has linear story missions but the means of getting through them are super open, and the game also requires you to get other moons to move on but those can be whatever you want. There are so many options and it matches the game's openness. Mario 64 has open-ended levels and lets you be flexible with approach and order of stars. Galaxy may have more linear levels, but the game feels built around them (and hell, even in those you can get the secret star before the main star and can do a ton of levels completely out of order). It's *designed* around its linearity. Sunshine feels designed *against* its openness.
I actually *love* BOTW's narrative. I think that its narrative structure was extremely compelling to me and drove through every single piece of the game design philosophy as well. This gave the themes of the game a strong tie-in with what you were actually playing. It's legitimately my third favorite narrative for a Zelda game, only behind Wind Waker and Majora's Mask.
Bullshit. - Climb anything - Unparalleled physics and chemistry engine (even Horizon pales in comparison in terms of world interactivity) - Combining open world with physics-based puzzle solving - A narrative structure that actually matches the gameplay structure - Near unparalleled use of sound and music in a video game (not in terms of quality, in terms of the type of use) - One of the first fully realized versions of the concept of, "See that thing in the distance? You can go there." - Massive subversion of stale open world mechanics - Massive attention on intrinsic rewards rather than extrinsic ones - Art style reminiscent of Princess Mononoke, something that no other open world game in the past several years did to the same extent - One of the most intuitive in-game tutorials for a game so complex - Absurdly high consistency in tying so many mechanics together with the same themes. EDIT: To whomever downvoted, name a single other game that did all of these things in the past 10 years.
&gt;Didn't he first attempt to save his dad though? He was super passive and didn't attempt to strike at Vader until he went to kill the emperor. Sure, but after backing off and refusing to fight again, as soon as Vader mentioned Leia, Luke went absolutely insane and wailed on Vader with all the fury and no restraint. People forget that Luke didn't just fight out of necessity. There was a point where he lost all self control even after becoming a nearly full Jedi, and the only thing that stopped him from killing Vader was Palpatine's overconfidence that followed.
SW Battlefront has better sound mixing, but I wouldn't say it has better editing or use. SMO definitely doesn't. Most sites and critics put BOTW as either number 1 this year for sound design, or second only to Hellblade (Game Awards and IGN as the first examples I can think of). BOTW's sound design is so superb that you can have someone close their eyes, have Link move around different parts of Hyrule, and that person can often tell you the climate, weight of your equipment, how quickly Link is moving (or if he's climbing or flying or riding), the terrain he's walking, sometimes the region, presence of other people or enemies or nature life nearby. That's not even hyperbole--I've tested this out. Odyssey has fantastic sound design but BOTW's is on another level. The use of minimalist music in BOTW I've only ever seen similarly in Valve's single player outings, and even they don't use piano and lietmotifs in the same consistent manner. Having different regions inspired by different real world instrumentation and music theory based on region is fantastic as well. Combine them and you create a sound that's very uniquely BOTW's. I didn't say completely unparalleled (near)--I left room for the fact that games like Hellblade are also unreal in their sound design. Though as I said, I'm less comparing quality and more direction. Comparing Hellblade's and BOTW's is not easy because they go for completely different kinds of immersion.
&gt;As Luke grew with the light, he only fought out of necessity. Yes, he lost his shit when Vader threatened Leia, but he shortly thereafter realized where the path that continuing to fight would take him. Most of the reason he was able to overcome it was because of Palpatine's gloating. He had also been extremely impulsive already at the time. He was swinging his saber trying to kill that whole time--not just cut off the hand until he did just that. &gt;Then, in TLJ, the first thing we see him to with his saber is pull it out of fear. And then immediately want to turn it off. And he didn't have a Palpatine there to gloat and goad him. That's the quickest he's ever turned away from his impulse. That's growth. That's the Luke I know.
&gt;Luke didn't even try with Ben, he wrote Ben off in a moment and settled his death. How do you know this? Based on Luke's speech it seemed like the opposite. Like this is something Luke tried to prevent for some time and this was the final moment of a leadup, that he went and looked how far the danger had come and he saw a near-unstoppable imminent future. &gt;Luke KNEW what Vader was capable of And he knew what Kylo was capable of doing. This wasn't a case of, "yeah this might happen and Kylo's pretty dangeous." This was a case of, "perhaps the only possible future I see here is my nephew, whose raw talent and ability eclipses my own, destroying everything I know and love."
Ehh, there are some problems with it. I don't like how the story feels half-baked. Either make it present or don't, but don't give off threads that lead nowhere. I felt that Sunshine did that often. I like the beach theme, but I didn't like the execution of cleaning away the muck. It made the game gross and ugly while the muck was still there. The first several hours in Delfino are ugly as hell because everything's dull and covered in the muck and you just want more of the color from Mario that you usually get. I thought Galaxy 1 refined this idea to perfection, where parts of the observatory were blackened out but you didn't have to be there until later. The parts that were more active and requiring attention where still vibrant from the beginning, and only became more vibrant over time. As for sandbox design, I think Sunshine betrays its own openness in this area. For how open the levels are, there are certain arbitrary restrictions that really dampen and restrict it. Why can't I get secret stars until after I've beaten the main shine (unlike any other Mario)? Why don't they tell you the requirements for unlocking new stuff, and then it turns out you need to beat 7 of the 8 main shines in every level to unlock the final level, and all your secret shines and optional ones don't contribute in the slightest? Why did I spend time getting ~70 shines, finding out that I only needed ~55 and that the ~25 or so that weren't the unexplained required ones don't matter at all? The game has so many things done so right and so many things done so wrong. Including in thematic elements.
Yeah that scene was just not earned by any means. I'm like, "...okay, where in the entire rest of the game did it ever tug at my heartstrings with Fludd? Why did he die here? When else was he meant to be a character with attachment?" That's another thing Galaxy did better. Because of the presentation of the rest of the game, when the lumas sacrifice themselves around the end, it feels earned and as if something led up to it.
I prefer the quality over quantity. The fact that the overworld bosses, mobs, Yiga clan, and lynels have such ridiculously higher variety in how they behave and what weapons they have than any past enemy keeps the game fun even a couple hundred hours through. Manipulating the game's AI and physics/chemistry has never been even close to this much fun in a Zelda.
You're taking many of my points way out of context or completely ignoring the point behind them. &gt;Well you could climb Skyrim and Morrowind don't exhaust stamina or exert challenge or dire consequences from failing as BOTW does. When that is added, the exploration factor is jumped as there's a strategic element. It doesn't elicit the same legitimate feel of mountain climbing. It just feels like a game. Just Cause does it effortlessly and with grapple hooks. Once again, the effortlessness of it weakens the impact. Minecraft has no rewards at the top of the mountain or beckons you to climb, since it's more about building. Also, it requires walking up, not actual climbing. None of the examples you gave were parallels. Closest parallel you could give is Assassin's Creed since it's means of climbing is also intended to give incentive and exploration factor to the climbing itself. But even that game doesn't do it as well with scripted nodes and no effort exerted in the climbing process. &gt;It's good but... magicka did it, in 2011, and Dark Messiah of might and magic did it in 2006 Neither are open world games. Neither have you lighting grass on fire that grows depending on the wind condition and creates updraft. Neither of them have bomb arrows dampened by rain conditions and instantly blowing up in volcanic environments. Neither of them have meat drops from hunting animals that will snap freeze in super cold climates. Neither of them have lightning attracted to metal that also has an AOE in reacting to water and will kill all the fish in that radius. You're misunderstanding the chemistry engine as something much smaller. &gt;But most of them were in dungeons ? Still, Just Cause series had a lot of that (and Goat Simulator I guess) Not really. Almost every korok seed and many shrine unlocks were through physics-based puzzle-solving. &gt;So... repetitiveness ? So openness and nonlinearity in narrative, and marriage of the themes of discovery, rediscovery, and redemption as a hero. &gt;Yes it was good. Not exactly first game that did it good. Out of recent titles, Nier: Automata but pretty much.... most of nintendo titles, new and old have that Comparing it to Nier indicates to me that you have no idea what I'm talking about. I'm not talking soundtrack. &gt;Again, Morrowind. Also a bunch of other open world games, like GTA V I wasn't pointing to the idea--I was pointing to how well the concept was realized. That's what countless people who've played it have praised it for--never has that mountain in the distance been so compelling. Not just there--actually interesting. &gt;... no ? still a lot of repetitive content like in every other open world game. It even have fucking ubisoft towers that unlock a part of the map and you have to climb on them. Sure it is done very well, just nothing new. Equating them to Ubisoft towers indicates, once again, that you have no idea what I'm talking about. Hell, you miss the main point for why the Ubisoft towers are criticized, and the fact that BOTW does away with them: giving you the checklist of things to do. &gt;"Hey kill that monster again, but now it have slightly different weapon, get a heart and item that breaks anyway in few hits, repeat". Also "let's make most dungeons roughly same (read: easy) difficulty because we dont know order player will do them and we do not players having to gear up for them" You're proving my point there... &gt;Yes, it is very pretty and unique. But if you're looking for Ghibli art style, Ni no Kuni was first Open world is the key word there. Which is what we were talking about. &gt;Games with good tutorials existed for 2 decades now. But yes, it does have complex systems that are generally easy to learn hard to master. The Great Plateau has commonly been regarded this year as one of the best tutorials in gaming history. &gt;how's that relevant ? No game gonna have exact same "feature list" like some other game. Actually I'd rather have BOTW drop some like inventory management hell and stamina... Because if those things are not new for a game, then I need examples for a game that did these things first. Because not only are many of these individually unique, but a combination of them also creates a unique and new product.
Really? Most enemies and scenarios in Wind Waker behave almost exactly the same. Also, the dungeons are incredibly easy and mind-numbing in Wind Waker.
Source on that? I didn't see that anywhere in his video.
1. Many people have gotten turned off by the first 15 hours or so. Which, honestly, are the worst part of the game and probably my biggest gripe. That, and having so many time wasters. 2. "even Dunkey hates the game!" Dunkey has acknowledged that he hates JRPGs and he hates anime-type stuff. Xenoblade 2 is the exemplar of a type of game he'd hate. Also, he didn't seem to hate the game, just that it wasn't for him. Hell, he even showed flashes of it when he was talking about how good this year was for gaming.
YER DON!
&gt;That's not pretentious. That's literally what a good video essay like this SHOULD do. He covers an abysmally small amount of topics for a two hour video. And backs it up with an abysmally small number of counterexamples, many of which aren't even parallel situations. That's not long form analysis. That's belaboring the same points over and over again and trying to drill into your head that what he says is fact when it's not, but it doesn't matter because it's a long video which means his points must be true. That's the Ben Shapiro method of debate.
I've watched TLA to completion a few times and also beat Xenoblade 2. I disagree with that entire analysis of the two.
Mario Odyssey is a pure collectathon game. It follows almost precisely the format of Banjo Kazooie in that sense.
&gt;Joseph Anderson is maybe the single most thoughtful and careful creator on the internet. Agree or not, each one of his videos is far more in-depth than what others put out. Fuck no. Not only is that insane hyperbole, to call him the most thoughtful and careful creator on the internet, but his content isn't even that in-depth. He may put out long videos, but the content is 5 minutes' worth of content (*including* his examples and counterexamples) spread out into 2 hours. And when people see a long video, they fall into the trap of thinking, "Oh! Then it must be credible!" This happens all the time on Youtube. I've watched hours of his content. And I always leave myself feeling less challenged, and more, "Not only was so much of that inaccurate, non-parallel examples, and opinions framed as everyone else around him being wrong, but it didn't need to be even close to that long." It has gone to the point where I feel like I am wasting my time. I'll hear him talking one point, then 30 minutes later he's *still* belaboring the same one with no progress made on it. I watched Super Bunnyhop's videos and felt my ideas challenged in a healthy way. I watched some of Jim Sterling's videos and felt the same (a lot of the time--not always). I watch Joseph Anderson and he comes off as sloppy and self-righteous.
X had fanservice--most of it was censored in US localization though. Also, fanservice doesn't break an anime, though it can be distracting and detract. Don't get me wrong, that's definitely one of my flaws with XC2. XCX falls apart when the only interesting character in the cast is Lao. It falls apart when the game seems to hide its plot twist so hard that he's a traitor but you can see right through it so early on. It falls apart when every other scene when you return is an obligatory cooking scene that repeats the same exact same not-working-joke and breaks tone very starkly. It falls apart when it tries to throw "aha!" connections to the first game that lead absolutely nowhere and make no sense. It falls part when the villains aren't compelling while it seems to set them up as compelling. XC2 at least has compelling characters, villains, [Late game spoilers](#s " meaningful connections to the first game"), major and explored plot themes that pervade through the story in interesting ways, *not* having a bad post-credits cliffhanger, and better control over its tone. Also, voice acting. Yeah, Rex can't scream and is overall "meh", but the other main characters are really damn good. Xenoblade 2's narrative past the first 3 chapters has been very heavily praised--the first 3 chapters are a decent setup but have so much filler and trope-yness that overtakes it. But once it gets into gear it's really good. Xenoblade X kinda starts in gear briefly but then falls out of it soon after--the game's shining aspect was the exploration factor on steroids.
I'd be way more willing to believe that if his videos weren't always formatted as, "I don't get the 10s. Why are no reviews critiquing it in this way? Why are they so blind to the flaws that are objectively there?" It may inherently be from his own perspective, but his own perspective lies on others' perspectives being misguided. And I have a hard time respecting those that have little respect for those who disagree with them.
I agree with everything you said. What I'm getting at is that there is legitimacy to when minorities claim pieces of their culture are stolen, not built on much and instead used for novelty, and then spat on as a result. Washington Redskins is a good example of that. A white guy getting cornrows just because they look cool is a bit less egregious but still problematic.
My friend and I co-op beat **Contra III**!! We've compiled a co-op backlog and Contra III was first on the list. Now that we've beaten that and surprisingly were both holding our own weight quite well, we're confident we can do the same for most other co-op. It's overall an excellent run-and-gun. Some of it is a bit stupid and cheap, and things like the game killing you the split second you're a pixel out frame are ridiculous. But I love how repeatable and not RNG-based so much of it is. The game also averts doing the cheap "sandwiching you in" trick a lot of run-and-guns do. I love how smooth the controls are (mostly). I love how every weapon is useful and has its own best uses. I love the boss variety. I love how when you first face a boss or encounter you can't help but call out how much bullshit was there. But when you start to actually figure out the fight, it immediately stops feeling so cheap and you realize you just didn't get it yet. The scenarios feel like they constantly make you feel like a badass and playing in the ultimate action movie. I wish there was more polish in some areas and there is still a lot that feels cheap, but it was incredibly satisfying to beat. When we won, it didn't feel like we had to cheese or that we got lucky. We just had to get good and learn the enemies.
Even more, Breath of the Wild not nominated for Sound Design. Hellblade and BOTW were easily the two frontrunners this year for that category. How the fuck were neither nominated?
Eh, she retains pretty much all of her eccentricity past that scene. That scene just shows one side of her, but then again, Zeke also didn't have any of his eccentricity in that scene.
Most of the voice acting got so much better over the course of the game. Malos went from one of my least favorites to one of my favorites. Nia just kept getting better and I thought she started off strong as well. Zeke and Pandoria just stayed awesome. Morag and Brighid were surpreme. And then we have Patroka...who just kinda sucked the whole time. She seemed more concerned with the accent than with the delivery of a line in context.
I personally don't consider it better than the first one, but I also didn't find it disappointing overall. It was frustrating to me that it felt like super easy changes would have easily made me place it over Xenoblade 1, because as is the game does do a lot of things better than it. Even still, I consider it a worthy successor. And Xenoblade 1 is probably the best JRPG I've ever played.
Nice. That's around the point where the combat really started getting good for me. A bit farther is where the story started taking off for me. You're enjoying it more than I was at that point so you'll probably end up liking what comes next more as well!
Donkey Kong Country is basically to 2D platformers what Kanye West is to rap. Hear me out on this: If you're not familiar with rap music, Kanye West is very often considered one of the best rappers of all time for very good reason. That being said, his actual technical rapping ability is...fine. Compare him to someone like Eminem and he'll lose in an instant. He's so amazing because everything *around* said rapping is phenomenal--production, lyrical topics, persona, charisma on the mic, etc. Similarly, Donkey Kong Country is considered a legendary, iconic 2D platformer for good reason. Its actual platforming chops are...okay. I can write a *huge* list of easy complaints about this game's platforming mechanics and how downright stupid they can sometimes get. Compare it to Super Mario World, Sonic 2, Yoshi's Island, etc. and IMO it's no contest the worst in terms of pure platforming. It's legendary because of its aesthetic, graphics, setting, environments, music, animation (the amount of frames on each of the characters and sprites is absolutely unreal for a game from that year), and general pace of the game. Donkey Kong Country IMO is one of the only platformers that can be considered an all-time great that isn't actually that good at platforming.
I love Poppi's character, and LATE GAME SPOILERS: [QT Pi](/s) is also great, but I wasn't too much a fan of QT. For me, what makes Poppi so wonderful is that she was designed as a sort of servant with also some high levels of moe in her, but at the same time she can't help but constantly deadpan call Tora out on his creepiness and weirdness. So there's this hilarious self-awareness around her creation that the game pokes fun at. QT kinda diminishes a lot of that. It's a good thing she doesn't only stay in that form afterwards.
Where We Used To Be is basically the piano-only version that plays as the title theme. IMO it's even better. Elysium of the Blue Sky only plays once in the game I think.
The first four chapters aren't necessarily bad, they're just frustrating with signs of an enjoyable core along the way. I'd give the game a 7.0 for its first 3.5 chapters, and a 9.5 for the rest of it. I also didn't hate the fourth chapter as much as you. Yeah the story there is filler and [Poppi QT basically removes everything I love about Poppi. Thank God it's not her default even past that chapter and [](#s "QT Pi also brings a lot of it back ironically"), but Chapter 4 is also the point where the gameplay itself starts taking its stride and we stop seeing filler fetch quests as part of the main story. Basically, here's how the game hooked me to the end. Chapter 1 was fine, basically hooked me because of gorgeous cutscenes and amazing music and because I paid full price for it. Chapter 2 was meh, basically hooked me because of mostly the music and world (Torigoth is awesome). And because I paid full price for it. Chapter 3 was actually my personal low point. Vandam's attempts to sound profound never really hit for me and the combat was *really* getting sluggish and slow around then. It became really apparent around then that the scaling almost expected you to have a full party with full blades at that point with sealing effects and fusion combos and chain attacks and some skills unlocked without cooldown at the start when you really didn't. At that point, it was only the music and environments that were hooking me. And that I paid full price. And [](#s "Zeke. Basically when he first appeared I was like, who are you, and when do you join my party because I need you in my party.") Chapter 4 I thought cut down on a lot of the redundant dialogue and while it was a filler aside, it does relate to the main story and it does have some funny moments. That's also the point where combat really started taking its stride and the handholding stopped. You also start getting your first blade quests unlocked around then, and side quests get more interesting both in terms of gameplay and story. So at that point, almost everything except for story started hooking me. And [](#s "Zeke") again. Chapter 5 is when the pistons start to fire. Chapter 6 is where the pistons are *really* firing.
**Xenoblade Chronicles 2** - Late/post-game content I beat the main story at about 100 hours, and I'm now about 142 hours in, doing side quests and working towards level cap and killing superbosses. The game is fantastic and is probably my third or second favorite game of 2017. As usual, a warning: if you're turned off by the first 15 hours or so, keep playing because it gets mad good and makes it all worth it. It's not that those first 15-20 hours are *bad*, it's just that there are a lot of frustrations to go along with the story taking off early on, and the crazy intricate mechanics being taught to you. But once pistons are firing, they *really* fire. Story gets really good. Side quests get more interesting. Blade quests get awesome. Characters get better (Nia gets even better, and every new character you get after Tora is *amazing*). Writing gets more concise. Combat gets more fast-paced and deep and exciting. Music gets even better. Exploration gets even better. I'm probably going to put the game down until potentially the expansion after I do three things: 1. Hit level cap. I'm actually quite close and could hit it in about an hour if I wanted. If you're doing postgame, here's the best tip: **once you hit low 80s, fight the sauros in Gormott over and over again. Finish him off with a chain attack. Don't approach him from the back or he'll probably one-shot you.** Killing him that way will give you over a full level's exp for each kill. Even after you're higher level than him, they'll still each give you about half a level. It's amazing--I did side quests for 20 hours or so at level 81 (mostly because they get really good in the second half of the game) and gained about 2 levels. Then I fought the sauros over and over again and got 10 levels in 2 hours. 2. Get every rare blade. I'm quite close now--I only have 2 random blades remaining (Dahlia and KOS-MOS) and 1 non-random one (Herald). 3. Beat some choice superbosses. I've already beaten a couple, but I really want to take on a few that are ridiculously hard. What's great about this game as an improvement over the first Xenoblade is that difference in level doesn't give stupid invisible buffs or debuffs in itself. So these superbosses are actually doable without cheesing the game. In Xenoblade Chronicles 1, an enemy 5 or 6 levels higher than you literally debuffs your hit rate by 150%. Never the case in Xenoblade Chronicles 2. Thank goodness. Also, note: **a patch released a few days ago**. This patch gives you the ability to skip those atrocious time-wasting voiceovers for pouch items, affinity upgrades, and merc missions. Thank. God.
&gt;I'm glad to see people are really enjoying the Pyra/Brighid comparison, I feel its something understated. On one hand I'm surprised it's understated, because I noticed the exact same thing as you and was reading yours and was half convinced I wrote it for a second (lol). On the other hand, I'm not surprised because fanservice is a major issue with a lot of anime so it's easy to just sort Xenoblade 2's issues with the rest, or dismiss the critiques for being "prudish" and not being used to anime (if you're on the other side of the argument, which I do disagree with), without explaining exactly why it's a problem and why it distracts. For me, it's so easy to point to why it's a problem because other works have done it better. In general, this game really confuses me on that front. **Pyra and Brighid are written and drawn by the same people!!** How did they create two such crazy different results there? &gt;The accuracy scaling is much more forgiving this time around It's not that the scaling is more forgiving, it's just that it's...well, not there. They simply grow naturally with level. Check out [this](http://xenoblade.wikia.com/wiki/Level_\(XC1\)) page and you'll see how absurd it was for the first game. I have no clue what possessed them to do that for the first game but it's such a stupid mechanic on so many levels. It plain does not exist in X and 2. Good riddance to it.
I've played a ton of well-designed games in my life. But only three games were so brilliantly designed that I was jotting down notes and scribbles while playing because of how unbelievable they were: 1. Dark Souls 2. Tie Fighter 3. Breath of the Wild Seriously, Breath of the Wild *oozes* brilliance. And all the while, it never feels like you're playing a game. You're just completely wrapped around an immersive experience in a world that begs to be explored even for a simple mountain view.
Well, its physics and chemistry engines are also insane. EDIT: Alright, fine, I'll indulge all of you who are downvoting. It is well-documented at this point that BOTW's physics and chemistry engines are on another level compared to just about every open world game. There's a reason it was number 3 on Digital Foundry's most technically impressive games of the year list. And even more impressive is the fact that comparison videos like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVPXKdSEGNQ) exist. The fact that its world interaction is deeper than potentially the most graphically and technically impressive game developed in a long time is insane. Context-free world interaction is not easy to pull off, and brushing it off like it's no big deal is asinine. - That electricity reacts differently in different weather, across different materials, is one thing. - That fire reacts differently on different surfaces, in different weather conditions, across different enemies, is one thing. - That everything is climbable and yet there are still rules around it that keep it polished is one thing. - That explosives blow up immediately in volcanic environments is one thing. - That you can control body temperature by clothing change, weapon change, or external environment changes is one thing. - That even desert environments have realistic weather cycles of hot and cold is one thing. - That arrows react differently to different materials and can be gathered if stuck to your shield is one thing. - That there's a full physics engine on top of this for even the most unexpected objects (button switches, weights on every object, octorok missiles, Link, etc.) is one thing. - The fact that snowballs accumulate snow on rolling is one thing. - That arrows can be manipulated by wind, bow type, and angle fired is one thing. The fact that all of those things happen in a single open world game and I'm not even close to done listing more is another thing entirely. And if you say that it's not new or groundbreaking for an open world game, I'll ask you to name a single other open world game that did this kind of stuff. Skyrim didn't. Witcher 3 didn't. Horizon: Zero Dawn didn't. Far Cry 3 didn't. Fallout 4 didn't.
Really nice being quoted twice :) (though in Best Nintendo Moment quote my name was slightly misspelled lol). Overall not too surprised, except for Xenoblade 2 not getting as many votes for story or soundtrack. I loved BOTW's narrative and soundtrack as well and actually nominated it for soundtrack but I'm surprised Xenoblade 2 didn't get even more love in either of those categories. I guess not enough people had played/finished it?
Implementing it into an open world game and having it be as deep as it is *is* pretty amazing and that's why so many people specifically call it out. See my edit to my comment. Name a single other open world game that has even as close to that object interaction. Even Horizon: Zero Dawn, one of the most technically impressive games ever, doesn't have even close to that.
For me, the low point for gameplay was the first half of Chapter 3. It's at that point where most people still don't have 3 full rare blades, the main quest still has a quite a bit of filler (sure, Chapter 4 is a diversion, but at least it relates back and isn't just fetch quests), and you still don't have access to chain attacks or know how to do blade combo finishers or any purpose behind them. But for some reason, the game's leveling scales the earlier stuff the same way as the later stuff, so they end up being *super* spongey and boring and it's the worst. I've heard some people complain about the wastes in Chapter 4 with the level 80s there, but that's just the first time the game really decides not to hold your hand--for any logical players, they'll realize, "OK, don't go that way. Find an alternate route." And there's at least two alternate routes. You also start getting access to blade quests, more interesting side quests, multiple cities that start to interconnect, and merc missions to keep your unused blades occupied. That's why for me, gameplay-wise it takes off at Chapter 4. And story-wise, it takes off at the end of Chapter 4 if not earlier.
For me, Xenoblade's story was overall better than Zelda's because there was more meat to it and it doubled down on it, but I also really appreciate BOTW's narrative progression more. It feels less like you're following the main characters on their journey and more like you're taking the journey yourself. As for soundtrack, I *really* have a hard time picking between Xenoblade and Zelda because they're so different (I think Xenoblade's has more bangers and is more bombastic but Zelda's wins in terms of audio design and when/how it uses it). But I like both significantly more than Mario Odyssey's, even if Jump Up Super Star is my favorite track in all three.
That's fair if you thought it had a very weak story, but I thought the highlighted comment explained extremely well how damn good the narrative is, despite it being subtle. Also, you must take into account that BOTW handles *narrative direction* near-flawlessly. They knew they wanted a game united around the same themes for gameplay and experience, and driving towards a nonlinear story structure about discovery, curiosity, disaster and redemption is major. Not only that, but there's something else to it that makes it hard for me to pick that a friend brought up: With Xenoblade 2, no matter how good the story is, the game makes you feel like you're guiding the main characters through the story. On the other hand, Breath of the Wild makes you feel completely immersed as Link. Link's tale becomes yours, and I don't think it's something to slight.
To be fair, it deserved just about every one of those (even story I can make major arguments for it over XBC2 even though I'd probably vote XBC2 over BOTW). And of course it got second in soundtrack! The audio design and use of music in that game is near unparalleled in the video game industry in general. The only example I can think of as a parallel are Valve games like Portal and Half Life 2 (which would also be major soundtrack winners) and even they didn't do it as well.
Doesn't include Wii U numbers. BOTW is still overall ahead...for now.
I mean, don't get me wrong, so do I. That's the whole reason why, off topic, I love The Force Awakens and am "meh" about Rogue One. That being said, I do appreciate narratives that deliberately focus on other things and nail those things. Not to mention, I think the game's efforts to successfully make you step into Link's shoes is great character work in itself.
My friend described him as the "Greek Chorus character". Basically there to holler and poke fun at the film's own trope-y nature and add a bit of fourth-wall break and audience connection. It's because everything he says is so true and relatable that he's so good.
Jump Up, Super Star is making a major run for my favorite right now. Aside from that, Jungle Level from DKC is timeless. Space Junk Galaxy is lonely-epic. BOTW's Main Theme is...breathtaking. Xenoblade Chronicles' main theme is magnificent. Xenoblade Chronicles 2's One Last You is tearjerking.
Three things: 1. 2 out of 9 can be considered "a few". 2. That's not the point. The original point was that claiming it was just a diversity vote is silly with the critical claim it got, which people tried to discredit or understate shortly after. 3. Side note, it's also got a higher Metascore than BR2049 (81), that movie that everyone is trying to prop up as being snubbed.
&gt;People seem to think it is lazier, but it is actually harder to do something dynamic and to be very conservative on music and focus more on sound design and fluidity. No kidding. As someone who studies music, the music of BOTW in terms of complexity is so far beyond most of the previous games. It takes way more effort to demonstrate that kind of restraint while also having a clear direction for harmonic theme, recurring motifs, and timing for when to go all out. And it makes moments when the music *does* come in at full power even more powerful. Example: the goddamn Guardian Theme.
Started playing this morning. It is really, really, really damn good. I don't know if it maintains its steam later in the game, but right now (2 chapters and one B-Side in) this is legitimately one of the best platformers I've played in my life.
One of those is not like the others. Lemonade should've won AOTY, is arguably considered her best album, and was a completely different flavor from the typical AOTY winners. I wouldn't classify it with Adele's or Taylor's albums by any stretch of the imagination. It and Blonde (Frank Ocean) continuously shift around for position of my favorite album of 2016.
Choosing between my top 2 is near impossible because they're so different, so I'm just gonna classify them. Best Western - **The Incredibles** Best Eastern - **Spirited Away**
I can see it having much more interesting platforming and level design but it carries almost all of the same mechanics-based issues I mentioned, which makes me inclined to be skeptical of that statement. I've also hear there are more moments of BS in it. I'll play it to judge myself but this is what I've seen and heard.
Nah, look at any review about the game, like ever, critics and audience alike. Some people don't like rain but that's basically the only part of it that's polarizing (and you'll find many like me who defend it because it forces you to adapt and 99.9% of the time there's another option for a better path or a means to instantly make the rain pass). Very few people I've seen describe it like you have. Most praise it for incorporating the stamina that makes strategic, the context-free nature of it that feels so liberating, and the way it feeds into the rest of the game having exploration so rewarding.
&gt;I just don't agree with this at all. Agree to disagree. Mark Brown documents it nicely--though I was thinking it way before seeing any of Mark's work. It follows the typical pattern of introduce the mechanic with baby steps, then have the bulk of the rest of the level revolve around it, then have a last-minute final gauntlet based on said mechanic. Not every level follows this pattern, but a surprising number of them do. The game-y aspects of the rest of the game highlight it a bit too much for my liking. But we can agree to disagree. It's not necessarily bad--I just find it limiting. &gt;This may be true but really, that's a minor thing in all due respect. We're talking about one level here. It may be the best one, but the whole game is great anyways. True, but as someone who liked to "collect" these levels, and as someone who loves games that go at my own pace, having to wait so much in 3D World for it started to really bother me towards the end of backtracking and getting the remainders. &gt;I feel like I loved SOME of the Odyssey music, but a lot of it is forgettable. You're not wrong--I mentioned it last in my list for a reason. Of the ones I mentioned, it's actually my least favorite, though I still give it a slight edge over 3D World (whose I still love), because its standouts are *unreal* (Jump Up Super Star, for example, is easily one of my favorite video game themes of all time now). But yeah, for me nothing in Mario's music catalogue comes close to Galaxy. 64 and SMW are both damn strong as well. Sunshine has like 1 or 2 insanely good songs, but that's it.
Eh, I've hardly seen anyone on here praise Blushy Crushy. EDIT: Do not downvote this man. I stand corrected.
It nullifies the rest of the plot because the whole time, the entire plot was framed on a "time running out" thing and like things were in dire straits the whole time. Framing is the key word, because if the game's plot made up a first act of the story rather than the whole thing, that could've been a major plot twist and it would've worked well. But it turns out, all that huge urgency you felt didn't really amount to anything because what you were looking to protect you didn't actually need anyway. It's not that they are or aren't connections--it's the fact that they don't serve much purpose and don't lead to much connection. Also, it doesn't make much sense why there'd be Homs or Telethia in X's universe since they give zero explanation or any sense of mystery as to where they came from. They're just...there. Bionis doesn't exist in that world either so Telethia existing isn't enough of a connection--it's just a reference but there's enough plot importance that just a reference isn't enough. Regardless of where the issue comes from in the characters, it's still a problem. It's especially an issue when Lao is IMO the only actual good one but even he gets very cliche by the end. I hadn't experienced the first game before experiencing X's story--it was still "meh" to me. In some ways my experience with X actually made my experience a couple years later with XBC1 better. Now, this is all opinion, but this opinion that X's story was pretty "meh" isn't uncommon.
&gt;but the overall execution felt like a JRPG that was deadly afraid of doing anything outside the norm of it's genre. Ehh, only for the first 3 chapters for me. Afterwards, it does some major things that JRPGs hardly ever do that I was really happy with.
Most of the cringe is in the first 15-20 hours. Get past there, and the game starts getting damn good and loses a lot of its cringe.
There are a few ways that IMO Celeste handles storytelling and environments way better than Super Meat Boy. - Rather than split up the game into a series of levels and worlds with labels like SMB does, the "levels" in a chapter are stitched together into a connected and seamless environment. So even though checkpoints happen when you reach the next "level", they hardly feel like levels as a result, which helps maintain immersion in the continuous narrative. - There is a legitimate story and it's actually quite heavyhanded at times. I'm only a few chapters in and I'm already engrossed.
[spoiler](#s "Personally, I don't think we needed a more political story on Uraya's and Mor Ardain's front. I think the way it thwarted those expectations was smart, because it linked into the rest of the story where are first you think these are two aggressive, warmongering nations. But as you get to chapters 5 and 6, you understand that they're far more driven by consequence and desperateness than anything else. The Praetorium healing over the conflict and the Tantal arc reinforced the Praetor's loss of hope in the world and as a result abusing and manipulating it because he saw himself as above it all.") I can see what you're saying about the villains, though personally, I really enjoy when [spoiler](#s "Simple premises are taken into way more interesting directions. Jin being convinced of the world's depravity based on the Praetor, seeing cycles of war repeat, and Lora being killed and forced to be a flesh eater and live out the rest of his life just to not forget her was a really interesting turn. Malos being influenced by the Praetor and actually being frustrated and confused by his own drive and motivation was really cool.") Yeah, they're a bit on the 90s JRPG side in terms of design, but that's also because they were designed by Nomura. That being said, having layers build on top of those initial appearances was really cool to me. I thought that almost all of the lost potential for the game's first 15-20 hours was made up for by the end. I still wish I could change Pyra's design though--the problem isn't the fanservice, it's that it doesn't match her character in the slightest. Brighid is never distracting because a royal gala-like garb matches her perfectly. In another example, Faye from Cowboy Bebop is never distracting because her design matches her personality perfectly. Pyra just doesn't.
Yep, though [spoiler](#s "Mythra also has a bit of the same issue. Hell, even the true form has that huge pocket of cleavage open for no reason...") At least we can reach a point of understanding here. For me, the game was probably a 7/10 at most for the first 15-20 hours, but past the rest of the game past there continuously made its way to a 9.5/10 (so I'd personally give it a 9 overall, maybe a tad higher).
Not at all. How far are you into the game? If not very far, it may sound strange, but the quality of the game *vastly* improves past the first 3 chapters (some people also don't like the 4th, and it's not as good as what follows but at least the gameplay is much better at that point and it's kinda funny). For the first 15-20 hours, I was basically only playing the game because the music and environments were so good. And because I paid full price for it. Past that, it became one of my favorite games of 2017, and it fires on basically all fronts (except Pyra's character design--still don't like that). And I have a very low tolerance for cringe so take that as you will. Characters get better, and new characters introduced are even better. Story gets more interesting. Combat gets way better. Worlds get more interesting. Tora gets less annoying. Writing gets more concise. Vandam stops spouting out things that try to be profound but really aren't. Rex is still cheesy but he's contextualized around characters that aren't and interact with his cheesiness in interesting ways. A lot of the rare blade quests get damn good. It confounds me how the first 15-20 hours are such a step down in quality. Luckily, the story is 70+ hours long, and you can easily get lost doing 150+ hours of content along the main story. I think I finished off at 100 hours on the story, and am still playing the late game at 150 hours?
And yet it still is by far the most played game on Steam every day, with over one million players every day. It's still definitely not dead.
Is Post Malone a rapper though (at least, anymore)? He doesn't rap a single time on B&amp;B--it's almost entirely R&amp;B.
Hey, I'm just as surprised as you! Perhaps they struggled with figuring out how to advance the series, and with this game they finally figured out how to balance new elements with a clear vision.
That's why Breath of the Wild has such a strong gameplay loop blended into its narrative. Its narrative is all about getting stronger and preparing for the final battle, so in a way, all side quests and shrines and korok seeds feed into that.
Before Breath of the Wild, Link's Awakening was probably my favorite Zelda.
Well I definitely got sucked into it. It fed into the gameplay loop phenomenally, and by making the whole thing about getting stronger and redeeming past shortcomings, every side quest and every shrine went further towards the main goal of the game. &gt;It's hard to get involved with the story when almost of of the story is just events from a century ago. I have to disagree. When the whole game is about rediscovery, finding out who you were, finding out about yours and Zelda's history, and it helps learn more about how the world got to where it is today, that's enough motivation. Because that curiosity to learn more is linked to the curiosity driving the rest of the game. I care about learning what happened in the past, because simply walking through the world begs the question, "How did we get here? How did I get here? Who was I? How do I move on from it?" And it helps that the memories focus entirely on Zelda, and BOTW Zelda is the best written character in the series to date.
&gt;The beasts were just cumbersome puzzles. Cumbersome? You can argue that they were short and easy, but it was *extremely clean* puzzle design at the very least. &gt;and there was no real reason to actually explore it other than gathering up high level weapons Hell no. You can say that but you'll ignore the Hylian Shield, hidden shrine, one of the best memories, and journals by both Zelda and King Rhoam. Not to mention that high level weapons do feed into the rest of the game. Once again, you can claim this, but you'll be faced with tons of other voices who have all asserted that Hyrule Castle was one of the best and most interesting locations in the game.
You're probably right. Though it's not always the case. For example, I've finished 9 Zelda games, and BOTW is easily my favorite. The original NES one was the fifth I finished, and ever since then, I've thought, "If this game had way better QOL and combat, it might be my favorite Zelda", and even with that it was my third favorite Zelda before BOTW. BOTW is basically the Zelda I've dreamed of playing since finishing LoZ1. My brother's also finished all of them and BOTW is tied for first with MM for him.
&gt;You made a great play and should score but your opponent has a move that requires no special and lets them reach your strategically placed shot. You need to rethink the way you deal with it. A trickshot is super situational and if you always just feed the ball to the other side in a predictable fashion, of course he's going to read it and trick shot. That's where random curveballs like drop shots, lobs, and literally hitting it right at them come into play. Trick shots also are not very fast, so the tradeoff is it usually gives you an opportunity to take a power shot, which throws off the other player's ability to return and gives you more energy.
Why is lag so severe for some and nonexistent for others? I have had zero lag problems after I started declining every game with a red connection (the only two laggy games I had were with people with red connections). But it seems like a lot of others are having a lot of lag.
&gt;Also I feel it should be against the rules for fuckers to get right up on the net making it impossible to hit the ball past them and makes for crazy fast returns on their end. Lol this is just how tennis works. Lob the damn ball! It's meant to be an offensive rush move but it's also very vulnerable to a counter if you can get the footing.
What I do to make sure I get it is I instead do slow motion into the zone shot location.
Eh, I've won most of my matches against Waluigi (I think possibly all but one? I play Peach and Rosalina btw). Chain Chomps I'm a bit more inconsistent against, but that's because the people who have Chain Chomp always have a ton of points.
Playing Championship Rosa dittos was absolutely intense.
Pokemon Yellow was my first video game ever. Problem was, it was too hard for me--the first gym being Rock type, against my Pikachu and bug and flying types I had gathered, was too much for my young self. Pokemon Gold, however, was my childhood game, and still one of my all time favorite games. I replay it once every few years or so (or its remake, in some instances) now and it still holds up.
Rocket League is definitely not a simple game...
Use the games themselves to practice! I was terrible at first but this afternoon I won my first championship match!
Oh, hey, he's alive! Ha ha! What was your question again?
&gt;Items aren't creative Man, I gotta disagree there. Yeah the feather is kinda meh, but both the pirhana plant and boomerang flower are two of my favorite items in the series. And the game still brings back most of the best old items. &gt;races are too easy I can't agree there. There's less stupid bad luck and item hecticness than in Wii, and people are carried way more by skill and determination. Plus, 200cc is the hardest the series has been. &gt;they just re used lots of old tracks Retro tracks have been a staple in the series since the DS games. It's a fantastic way of bringing back classic tracks and even improving on them. Also, this is a silly comparison, because Mario Kart Double Dash has 16 tracks total, and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe has **25 new tracks alone**. Even having retro tracks, MKWii, DS and 7 and 8 have not diminished on the number of new tracks added. &gt;then added the remakes as unlockables ...have you played the game at all? You only start with two cups, and you have 12 by the end.
I've played every Mario Kart game except for Super, and I'd easily claim Mario Kart 8 Deluxe is the best of them. Mario Kart DS as a close second. - Best track list in the series by far - Best music in the series by far - Still wish there was manual drifting but aside from that, the most technical *and* most accessible the series has been - Best roster in the series - Best online in the series The only thing missing is a good balloon battle, but shine thief makes up for it. I played 64 again recently for a few hours and it hasn't aged nearly that well in comparison.
I have a wide range of, "middle school prodigy" to "puberty voice and can't sing more than a half an octave comfortably" to "just barely get into a high school group that was almost impossible to *not* get into...after failing my first audition a year earlier" to "just barely getting into a college a cappella group" to "OK, now I'm taking voice lessons and I'm starting to understand what the hell I'm doing" to "Hey people actually want me to solo stuff now!" to "Hey I'm actually winning competitions in small groups where my voice is super exposed!" I take a lot of pride in my earlier stages of suckiness :).
&gt;You are looking at 4 player Smash being possible. What?! 4 player Smash?! I thought it only went up to two!
I still think the movie is way overrated and I adore the original, but I will never deny it's one of the most beautiful films I've seen in my life and deserves that big screen experience.
Even so, bizarre fever dream experiences don't have to be so...sleepy with their storytelling. Other bizarre fever dream movie experiences I've seen are able to hold that feeling while still keeping a good pace through it all. When a film dwells so often, it comes across as borderline masterbatory to some. Not to me, but that's how it does to some.
If it makes you feel any better, both Splatoon and ARMS were far worse during their test runs. And ARMS is also P2P. I'm gonna wait for reviews to find out if it's gonna be fixed.
And yet I'd consider Deckard and Rachel's relationship ambiguity one of the least important pieces of ambiguity in the original. Several other aspects of the film also have major ambiguity associated with them.
I think the fact that so many people can quote that final monologue speaks volumes about how major it is.
I'll forever use Skyward Sword's dungeons as a prime example of why Breath of the Wild's dungeon design needed to be different. Skyward Sword may very well have had the best dungeons overall, but nobody noticed because the dungeon formula had become so overdone that it'd become too predictable and stale.
Skyward Sword being the worst 3D Zelda is not unpopular opinion. Breath of the Wild being 2nd worst is a *very* unpopular opinion.
You're not wrong.
Only one dungeon felt like that to me--a ton of the Skyward Sword dungeons were very much puzzlebox-like formations in terms of progression.
&gt;Half the shrines are a chore. But they're optional! Also I found about 5 of the 120 shrines to be boring--the rest were all super enjoyable and inventive. And they're optional! Notice how I only complained about the pace of the main story with Wind Waker--don't even get me started on the exploration and side quest tedium. &gt;Preventing your good weapons from breaking is annoying, making fighting not fun. It's way more fun when you simply don't care about that. Earlier on, treat it like a survival game. Later, you get super badass weapons so often that if you're not using them, you're throwing them away. &gt;Exploring punishes you if you havent done enough shrines or gotten the right armor/weapons yet. Nah, man, this is my favorite type of exploration--the Dark Souls way. Rather than artificial gates telling you not to go places, you know the best ways to go as the direction that kicks your ass the least! It's more organic that way, and gives you the option of attempting to plow through something way harder than what you have otherwise. And that's liberating. &gt;I still think I need to revisit the game I do think you should give it another shot, if possible.
&gt;Windwaker is not at all tedious We can agree to disagree here, but "not at all tedious" strikes me as either absurd, or that you haven't played it in a while. - Super slow pace is one of the biggest criticisms for the game, even amongst people who adore it - Sailing from place to place takes a *long* time. Like, a minute or two each. - In the Triforce Hunt, there is a point where you have to fight 25 *really* slow waves of enemies in a cave to get one of the pieces. - In the Triforce Hunt, there is a point where you need to track the ghost ship chart, but they don't tell you where it is or even give you a hint. So you literally have to go to every island, talk to the fish outside, have him spoil any mystery or puzzle solving aspect for that island, until you find the right one that tells you you're at the right island. - The Forbidden Fortress stealth section is so absurdly slow and boring and enemies move at a rate of 5cm/second so you have to wait absurdly long times to move. - When you fight more than one Darknut at a time, the fight basically devolves into rolling over and over and over again until you can get one hit in, then repeat several times. - The dungeons are notorious for being slow and tedious. Every one of them except Tower of the Gods. &gt;Hard to care about weapons not breaking when you kinda need them to move on and fight But you're always guaranteed replacements, *and* you can see the weapons you'll get before you choose to fight certain enemies (so you can choose to simply not fight a lot), *and* if you were liberally using things like bombs, magnesis, and arrow headshots, you should have no problem with replacing your best weapons at extremely high rates. &gt;You don't wander over late game places to places you aren't supposed to be in those Hmm? Yes you do. Some harder shrines are blocked by lynels. Hyrule Castle is a major late game area with a memory, journals, and high level equipment all over the place, and it's ridden with guardians and lynels and black and white tier enemies. Plenty of areas have their enemy grade higher than other surrounding areas as a baseline. You can approach these areas and with good skill and determination, push your way through. Which I did, several times. In Dark Souls, you can end up in some of the highest difficulty areas right from leaving the asylum, with the only things still blocked being the story-based bosses. Yeah you can't reach Anor Londo super early, but Dark Souls is far more Metroidvania than Zelda, so that makes sense.
I'm sorry, I just can't agree with that. And while I can understand where you're coming from with some points, at other points I honestly am a bit confounded. This, for example, &gt;Open world, exploring, crafting, weapon breaking, etc. It's all been done before. Is simply not true. The point of the game isn't the individual components existing. It's the fact that core gameplay and story themes tie together every one of them in their entirety, and create a full game that incites natural curiosity and organic storytelling. When you split up the elements like that, you miss the fact that the game's innovative core is how it is greater than the sum of its parts. When you say it didn't do anything new, you blatantly ignore the fact that for the past year, game developers and video essayists have been dissecting every little aspect of the design of BOTW and what makes it so damn brilliant. You miss the fact that game developers have already been since saying that the game makes them go back to the drawing board with their own games after BOTW subverted so many staple tropes in all of those features. &gt;and the bosses were copy and pasted. They copy-pasted a single texture. Meanwhile, the boss fights themselves were all very different. You cannot look me dead in the face and say the Thunderblight fight was just copy-pasted. It's also important to note that the game has 3 other unique boss fights aside from the main story ones, and that Master Kohga is another story boss fight. &gt;Wind Waker for example did a great job at what you said. Exploring, coming across new islands, a good story, good music, etc and it was able to do the formula well. Ehhh, Wind Waker's moment-to-moment gameplay is not very good though. Its dungeon design is mostly pretty bad except Tower of the Gods, its sense of exploration was near abysmal in so many ways, and while the combat mechanics were awesome, too many of the scenarios favored unfun tactics. &gt;story This is a point where I can see where you're coming from, but I definitely don't agree. For several reasons: &gt;You can go through the entire game without really learning anything Not really. Every player at least learns the core details that they *need* to know. &gt;Now I get that there are quests to unlock story, but what kind of design is that? Same as Dark Souls, which is consistently hailed as having a great means of storytelling. What's great about it is that this gives players the *option* to seek out more story if they are interested, rather than overloading them with hours of cutscenes. And what's also great is that BOTW Zelda is the best written character in the series and the memories all focus on her. And what's also great is that the narrative themes of this story are the most in-depth the series story has been since Link's Awakening and Majora's Mask. BOTW's story is legitimately my second favorite in the series, next to Wind Waker. I haven't finished Majora's Mask, but that one would probably be higher too. &gt;And what about the voice acting? Dear god was it bad. I consider this a massive overreaction and I never had a problem with the voice acting. It should also be noted that if you don't like the English, the Latin American and German are both fantastic. &gt;but polish an established formula and slap Zelda on it. Ironic that you say this because the spirit of exploration found in BOTW is less like modern open world games and more like the original NES game. Which is what helps make it so inventive--it targets the spirit of a classic, integrates mechanics and ideas from modern games, and then turns them on their heads to make them feel completely refreshing. &gt;Imagine if they had that, and other than the divine beasts had at least 4 full sized temples instead of the shrines? I touched upon this elsewhere in this thread, but this wouldn't simply be better. The traditional dungeon schema has been overdone and has been growing super stale. It's reached the point where Skyward Sword arguably has the best dungeon design in the series, but no one noticed because it had gotten so stale and predictable from how overdone it's been. Even without being so puzzlebox-y, I very much appreciated the shrines and divine beasts because they were at least super inventive and creative. So that's my take. Yeah, Divine Beasts can have some work to help them, but aside from that? The game has my second or third favorite narrative in the series, my third favorite soundtrack in the series next to OoT and WW (it's legitimately one of my favorite parts of the game), my favorite combat in the series, my favorite items in the series, and one of my favorite settings and aesthetics in the series.
You dismiss Mario Tennis Aces as not a "marquee" title, but right now it's all but guaranteed to sell more than over half that list.
&gt;Mario Tennis isn't a "marquee" game. &gt;I know that there's going to be another Smash game, Metroid Prime, and Yoshi, but I'm not sure when that stuff is going to hit. Mario Tennis Aces is all but guaranteed to sell far more than two of those three.
You honestly sound like you've been living under a rock. &gt;Where is the mainline Pokemon game on console that people have been asking for, for about 4-5 generations now? Announced for second half of next year. Anyone who's been asking for it for the past 4-5 generations now has completely blind to the fact that Pokemon is so good *precisely* because it's portable. Now Switch is out, and because it's handheld hybrid, it makes much more sense. &gt;Where is the next Metroid Prime? Announced last year. &gt;Where is F-Zero's revival? Nintendo has addressed this like 5 times in the last 5 years. Also, F-Zero sells abysmally. Also, Fast RMX is a spiritual successor, and there's a leak that an F-Zero style racer is being announced with the Star Fox brand at E3. &gt;Where is Advance Wars? Why are there 12 million Fire Emblem games instead? Because Fire Emblem is one of Nintendo's best franchises, and Advance Wars barely sells. &gt;Paper Mario? Mario RPG? We got a Paper Mario game 2 years ago, and a Mario &amp; Luigi RPG last year and a couple years before that. &gt;Perfect Dark, or another GoldenEye successor with split screen like the old days? Rare. &gt;What about some Conker or Banjo Kazooie style games? Super Mario Odyssey is a modern collectathon. So there's your answer. &gt;They've been doing Smash, Mario and Zelda on every console - at this point it's like Nintendo themselves don't even understand their own console offering is bigger than just those three titles every gen. That's why last year alone, they released two new IPs (12Switch and ARMs), a Metroid, Mario Kart, Mario+Rabbids, Xenoblade, and Splatoon 2. This year they already released Kirby, Labo, Donkey Kong, Bayonetta 2, Hyrule Warriors. Mario Tennis is this month, Octopath is next month, Fire Emblem is later this year, Pokemon is later this year, Animal Crossing is on the horizon. &gt;They spend ages making Tennis This is the first good Mario Tennis game in 14 years. Also, they only make one of those once every few years. &gt;everyone who has nostalgia for the N64 days just sees a wasteland, because that's what it looks like. They have **way** more IP diversity now than they used in the N64 days.
You can also wait for reviews to see if it's a bug and it's fixed by release... Both ARMS and Spla2n had major networking issues in their betas that were resolved almost entirely at launch.
The population that likes the new mechanics is WAY larger than those who didn't. Your first two complaints are also exactly the same thing. Also, I'm pretty convinced that it's partially a bug because good connection status at first had a tendency to somehow drop into oblivion. That's not because of P2P. P2P is always preferred over dedicated servers for small games like fighters. Dedicated servers actually add even more latency in those cases.
&gt;and it still has no worthwhile online service, True. &gt;no cloud saves, Announced to be coming with the online service. &gt;very very little original content, and not much more announced. This is 100% not true. In a little over a year, there's been: - Breath of the Wild (action-adventure), the first Nintendo game since Ocarina of Time to absolutely dominate Game of the Year Awards - Super Mario Odyssey (platformer), *another* frontrunner for GOTY last year - Mario Kart 8 Deluxe (racing), the definitive version of arguably the best Mario Kart game with an overhauled Battle Mode. Not totally original, but overhauling Battle Mode makes it infinitely preferable and worth a repurchase from the original - Splatoon 2 (TPS), a great sequel to a fantastic breakout IP and now eSport - ARMS (fighting), a nice new fighting game IP that was quite successful - Mario+Rabbids (tactics RPG), a fantastic crossover game that showcased Frostbite's capabilities on the Switch, and won best Strategy game all over the place last year - Xenoblade Chronicles 2 (JRPG), a worthy successor (though not as good) to the original, which was an unbelievably good JRPG - Fire Emblem Warriors (musou), already deemed one of the best Warriors games ever - Snipperclips (puzzle), great co-op indie-budget game under Nintendo's name - Kirby Star Allies (platforming) They released more quality original content this past year than they have in a single year in possibly decades. The last time I can think of them nailing original content in a year was 2013 for the 3DS, and that wasn't nearly as much. &gt;and not much more announced. This is just absurd. - Smash Bros. end of this year - Pokemon end of this year - Pokemon end of next year - Fire Emblem end of this year - Yoshi either end of this year or early next year - Metroid Prime either next year or year after And this is all before E3. &gt;nintendo doesn't have the IP to support this system alone, And that's why they're actually getting solid third party support and a ton of indie support this time around too. &gt;and they continue to make the same stupid fucking choices that leave them out in the cold each generation. Not really. For the past two generations, the gimmicks added to each console were problematic for two reasons: 1) They inhibited allowing for simply solid traditional games with traditional control schemes. Wii U Gamepad and Pro Controller confusion made it hard to have support for games not built around them all the time, and were plain not that good for controlling many games. Wiimote simply couldn't even play twin-stick games with traditional controls. 2) To use the gimmick, games had to be built with it in mind, whether built around the game or extra features to utilize the gimmick. There's also the problem of engine support, that neither console supported all the right engines that they should've, making ports hard. This time, both those issues have been solved. Not only does the gimmick of the hybrid console not inhibit traditional control scheme, and not only are the joy cons and pro controllers great controllers in their own rights, but games that are put on the console automatically use the portability gimmick with little extra effort. Without doing anything else on the developer's end, Switch already provides a strong alternative experience. And the console also supports a ton of the more modern engines now, and its infrastructure way more optimal for ports. Even with less power, we're already getting tons of the biggest indie games of the year on the console, and even some of the major intense AAA titles. That's why the attach rate for the console is so absurdly high right now, and why the eShop Best Sellers list is dominated by 3rd parties right now.
Don't worry, it's expected in another two weeks or so.
What is Snipperclips?
I've heard pretty good things about it. In general, I need a PS4. I barely have time anymore to play video games on anything other than Switch (because of its ridiculous convenience factor), but some games on it (*cough* Bloodbourne *cough* The Last of Us which I still haven't played *cough*) are too good to pass up.
We live in a world where a Mario Tennis game might be the first good tennis game this entire generation.
