Go post the question yourself?
Shut up! Really?
WTF dude!? That movie is totally ruined for me now!
You're completely wrong actually. Doctors use tissue from the gland to make a fully functioning clitorus. Trans women are fully capable of having orgasms after surgery. Go to /r/AskWomen, /r/AskMen, or /r/AskReddit and search for questions about trans people having orgasms and you will find that a majority of them can orgasm.
You can't just drop that fact without elaborating! What were they? What 2 issues were so important to the Church that the Pope had to declare that his opinion was basically the direct voice of god? How does the Pope make an infallible statement? Obviously he doesn't just casually drop it into a random conversation. "Good morning Cardinal #38 how are you? I'm good as well. Also, God decided that Funny Hat #2 would be part of the new uniform. Could you pass that news around for me, thanks." But how much ceremony does an Infallible Statement require?
I would kill to have a game with Skarner, Jakiro, and Geb all together.
It was a perk from Broken Steel.
Get a long ass HDMI cable and turn that TV into a monitor.
Very true. I actually thought you were responding to the $500 computer comment, so I thought the focus was on saving money.
Soap opera effect?
Come on you coward! You can't just tease us with that kind of story and then deny US the schadenfreude(sp?).
Totally sarcasm.
I think you're underestimating the amount of social conditioning guys experience when it comes to fighting women. We don't do it. Ever. If a man comes at us and attacks us it's socially acceptable (encouraged even) to fight back with 100% effort no matter how dangerous the attacker is. But if a woman attacks us we're supposed to either take the hits without relatiation, peacefully descalate the situation, or disarm her if she has a weapon. We are trained since birth to *never* hit a woman in any situation whatsoever, if you do you are the biggest piece of shit. We're also conditioned just as hard to protect women from physical violence. If a woman is being attacked by a man and we don't try to stop it we're an asshole at best, if that woman is our SO we would be better off if we drowned a bag of puppies. So if the poster above pissed off a man to the point where he wanted to fight he would absolutely attack her boyfriend instead of her. Even if he attacked her first her boyfriend would still have to get involved. So it's not unreasonable for him to be worried about her making random drunk guys angry.
No demoninator on the number of hits. 28 out of how many? Researcher failed to keep track of women who were hit. Researcher failed to use a male walker as a control group. 2/10. Flawed methodology, would not fund.
&gt;~~grain~~ pound of salt.
It bugs me that people get the amount of time dilation wrong. At just barely under light speed time slows down by a factor of 7. So if the flash ran for 10 minutes at light speed (from our perspective), he would experience 70 minutes. Granted if he goes faster than light speed (because speedforce), then the writers can make shit up because we're outside physics.
Both of those things sound like reasonable things to do, but I'm extremely suspicious of Republicans messing with election scheduling. They say it's because voter turnout is higher in the fall vs the spring, but Republicans have a long history of screwing with elections to prevent minorities from voting so I'm not putting much trust in that explanation. Having the Secretary of State able to prosecute local and county election fraud instead of the county courts could enable corruption from the state government, but it could also remove corruption from local and county governments.
Your original post earned you a lot of respect from me (a godless liberal), but the more you keep talking the more you're undoing that. In the US conservatives, Republicans, and the far right Christians all go hand in hand when you put any one of them in front of a camera. No, not every single Republican is a conservative Christian, or every Christian a conservative Republican, or every conservative a Republican Christian. But the correlation between those 3 groups is incredibly high. And if you want to stand even a snowball's chance in hell of winning a major election as a Republican, you had better fucking be a conservative Christian as well. Rachel Maddow had nothing to do with the entwining of Republicans and far right Christians, that process has been happening since the 70's and hasn't shown any signs of changing. These days conservatives and Republicans are known as the party of old white racist mysoginists, and their policies reflect that. Just because you don't like it doesn't change reality.
It was an /r/askscience thread about the speed of light and time and someone worked out the equation for the time dilation factor at 99.99999...% of c. They got 7 plus some change and that number has stuck with me since. I assumed it was true because it was the top level comment with a hundred replies that wasn't deleted. I'll see if I can find a more credible source. http://www.phy.olemiss.edu/HEP/QuarkNet/time.html This site works out the math and has a graph showing the time dilation factor as your velocity approaches c. When you get really close to c the time dilation factor increases exponentially up to about 10. So the guy I was quoting must have used a velocity that was slightly lower than c for his calculation.
"This video is not available in your country." What the fuck do you mean it's not available for me to see!? This is the US of goddamn A! We own Youtube!
If by fun you mean he wildly swung between useless and God incarnate with little time inbetween.
It's okay brother, if we can win the arcana vote then Valve will be forced to update Jakiro's model. Unless they go pants on head retarded and make a kickass arcana that just covers the shitty model.
I'm pretty sure that was Moses. Who also lived a really long time, but not on the scale of Noah.
Versus humanity's extinction? Hell yes. Governments can be changes or overthrown. Extinction is permanent.
Yes there are. And there are an even larger number of people who don't actively *hate* women but do actively work to limit their rights for other reasons, usually religious reasons. And that doesn't even account for the societal imbalances that are leftover from when sexism was rampant in our government. The wage gap has been largely closed in most fields, but there is still a distinct lack of women in leadership roles, most STEM fields, and in construction, trade jobs, and manual labor. Both sexes in our society face discrimination and both have problems society doesn't acknowledge, but women easily have it worse in their day to day life.
I'm not a grammar expert, but I've always used "than" as a direct comparison between two distinct things. X is better than Y. "Then" is used to denote time, but also to string together statements in an arguement. If X then Y. In your use "But than" isn't directly comparing being a dick to correcting someone, it's assigning the trait of "being a dick" to someone who corrects others. So it's closer to "if you correct someone's mistake *then* you're a dick", *than* it is to "correcting someone's mistake makes you more of a dick *than* someone who doesnt."
The only thing that prevents NSFW subs from showing on r/all is your own filters. I have the NSFW filter off and I see all kinds of NSFW subs on r/all.
All the other ones don't fuck with Imgur employees. That's the reason they were finally banned, they attacked employees of a site outside reddit. And not just any site, they went after reddit's number one partner.
Hate is a powerful emotion.
I'm not sure if I should up vote you because I'm also glad its gone, or to downvote you for bringing it here.
TLDR: it's not feminism vs mens rights. It's feminism and men's rights working together versus society's fucked up gender stereotypes.
Are you seriously this dense, or are you just deliberately not understanding why this happens? It doesn't matter what kind of logic you apply, upgrading BoT will break the tp channel. Looking at it with a programming view, the game sees that BoT leaves your inventory for a single tick while it's removed and BoT 2 is added. During that tick you will not have any item in your inventory that let's you tp so the game cancels your channel. In the next tick the game adds BoT2 to your inventory. Looking at it with a realistic view, if you want to craft BoT2 then you have to focus on doing whatever magic needs to be done to upgrade your regular BoT to BoT2. You can't channel a spell from an item while also doing construction on that item. So you have to break the tp channel, do the spell to construct BoT2, then use BoT2 to TP.
I don't think AskReddit supports spoiler tags. They're not a reddit wide feature, individual subs have to code them into the CSS.
The coward edited his comment.
Well that's cool.
*slow clap*
In immortal words of Abathur from Starcraft : "Perfection goal that always changes. Can pursue. Cannot obtain."
It's like someone teaching you to whistle. "Just put your lips like *this* and blow."
Thanks! I'm pretty sure I saw some assholes using the wrong form of there/their/they're over in that other thread.
Luckily it's just water so it's won't stain the carpet nearly as bad as wine would.
The TLDR is that reddit's CEO was already very unpopular with the type of people that would sub to FPH. So when a community of 150k people gets shut down by someone they perceive to be hostile to them, they tend to act out. At the same time there are people who don't like when an entire subreddit is banned, it only happens very rarely and usually for legal reasons (jailbait, creepshots, and TheFappening are the only ones I can think of off the top of my head.) So those people don't like that FPH was banned for seemingly political reasons (it wasn't entirely political, the sub itself harassed reddit's biggest parter, Imgur, and it's members rutinely harassed other people outside the sub).
I'm a MRA, I'm also a feminist. I want all victims of DV to be able to get help, I want all rape victims to get justice, I want men to be equally considered as valid parents in custody disputes, and i want women to be considered just as competent as men in every career. And I hate how there is a vocal minority in both groups that thinks the other group is the problem instead of society itself.
So? You had a theory about warg abilities and he provided context for why it was wrong. Just because his information is based off of the books, doesn't mean it's not pertinent for the show. If we're not allowed to use the books to refute show theories then a full half of this subreddit would be downvoted.
So what happened to not allowing discussion of leaked content? Did that policy change or do these leaks not count because it's not video?
Which site?
They already have an official way to filter /r/all. You just need gold to do it.
&gt; too many mods. I... I don't know what you mean. Too... *many*... mods? These words don't make any sense together.
It's not that Riot over buffs or nerfs champions, it's that they've locked themselves into a certain power level for champions and they can't deviate from that without completely changing the game. Valve has no problem with having a hero be able to 1v5 the entire enemy team, it just takes her 50+ minutes of straight farming to get to that level. Everything in Dota is bigger and more extreme, supports with zero items can have spells that do 1000 damage or have cc that lasts for 3,4, or even 5 seconds. Carries can crit the entire enemy team for quadruple digit damage. Initiators are able to flash 3 times as far as in league with a 12 second cd, and then instantly catch the entire team in 3+ sec cc. As long as these things exist in Dota, Valve can do whatever the fuck they want to heros who are struggling to bring them into line. The last 3 patches Valve has done things that when you read it on paper it sounds absolutely broken, but when you a tally use it in conjunction with everything else it seems average. If every hero is able to become godlike powerful, then teams are able to diversify their picks without worrying about picking the absolute best.
I can't believe people fell for that.
Alright, there's some joke or reference here I'm not getting, right?
It's gotten to the point where it's jarring when the characters actually act like mature adults. In season 1 of Arrow I was amazed at how often the characters acted realistically. It gets a little more ridiculous as the series goes on, but it started off really strong in the realistic reaction delartment.
Wasn't she rejected for the role because the script was specifically about a 20ish year old dating an older man? Maggie is definitely beautiful, but she does not look like she's in her 20's.
Oxytocin is one hell of a drug.
I wanted a daughter when my wife and I had our first, and I was initially a little upset when we found out that we were having a boy. But now that I have him, I couldn't imagine it turning out any differently.
Well the Cheif's special ability has always been luck. I always thought of it as an explanation for being able to reload the last checkpoint. But as a part of Blue Team they could have it implemented so enemies are less accurate against him, with either bullets or grenades. Or where the Chief's aim assist is stronger than the other teammates.
RES users should actually click on the link instead of the in-reddit image to understand wtf is going on here.
It's a pretty BIG FUCKING DEAL.... that has had almost no impact on the greater story. So reading that will ruin one of the biggest "Oh Fuck!" moments for the series, but it won't ruin much of the overall story.
Yea, it really wouldn't be hard to add to the show. That character has only had 3 pretty short scenes in the book. The books basically give a brief origin account, and a short summary of what they've been doing. They haven't actually done anything important, everyone's just hyped about the potential.
The TLDR is that Tyrion is Dany and Khal Drogo's son. The actual explanation is... weird.
Seriously, if they don't give him Longclaw it's kind of a slap in the face.
It was also a couple days to weeks before Caitlyn was brought back. With the cold and a much shorter time frame there won't be nearly as much decay.
I haven't looked at that article but I already know what it is simply by the culture name you gave.
I'd imagine very isolated ones. You can't wage war against anyone if resources are abundant and there's no other groups of people near by.
I'm 2 for 2 bitches! Get on my level!
I just want to mention how incredible it is that a large part of the story deals with Kvothe worrying about money and trying to earn it, and Rothfuss somehow makes it captivating to read.
Fuck it. 1 month ago Fallout 4 was just a joke. Who knows, maybe Valve is going to announce HL3 as the very first Steam machine exclusive.
Damn, they missed a perfect opportunity to conduct some long term science. Flip a coin and circumcise only one boy and leave the other intact. Then raise them to be comfortable sharing intimate details of their sex life with you and record the differences between them.
Did they give the release date yet?
Are you seriously comparing Fallout 2 to 3 as an example of Bethesda taking risks? They took another company's IP and turned it into the style of game they excel at. They did absolutely zero risky innovation with that game. They basically made another Elder Scrolls game but made everything brown and added guns.
Dragon Age Inquisition had 6 dialog options or more at a time, on top of having 4 different voices. And they didn't shy away from having the Quiz talk a lot.
&gt;I don't think keeping junk will be a problem. No one is gonna collect every bit of scrap every time they enter a new area. That would be ridiculous. Ha! Just watch me.
Is HotS easier than WoL?
Yea he was an actual badass in the early to mid game. But as soon as you start facing Deathclaws or Super Mutants he just gets destroyed.
Damn, I'm not sure how that would work. I'm just over that height and I'm not sure if I could safely weigh that little. Back when I had no muscle and only a little fat I was still over 200.
No. The entire agnostic vs athiest debate is carried out by idiots who have no idea what those terms mean or how to properly use them. An agnostic doesn't know if a god exists. An atheist doesn't believe that one does. Knowledge =! belief. Saying that you're an agnostic or an atheist isn't giving a complete picture of your stance. You need to include both. I am an agnostic athiest, I don't know if there is a god and I don't believe that one exists. If I was a gnostic athiest then I wouldn't believe in a god and I would know that one doesn't exist. In this example if a god suddenly appeared then all of the agnostic atheists would suddenly have proof of a god and become believers (not necessarily worshippers though). All of the gnostic atheists would be pissed because something that they *knew* was true was proven to be false.
What, you wouldn't immediately become a member of the Church of ElSaborAsiatico? Heretic.
I think you should stop reading the lore of The Elder Scrolls. That tends to drive people to insanity after a while.
It's not called a TIFU for nothing.
Exactly. You *have* to actively enforce your trademark or else you run the risk of losing it. This is the source of the Bethesda vs Mojang lawsuit over the word "Scrolls".
I'm pretty sure it's the cholesterol that's the issue, not the calories. Those 70 calories are also 60% of your daily cholesterol. If you're trying to lower it, then you've already gone over your limit for that day.
Back the fuck up. Are you telling me that if I'm trying lower my cholesterol levels then lowering the amount of cholesterol I eat isn't the right way to go about it? So it's just fats that increase cholesterol levels?
Did you see the one where the guy misspelled giraffes? He had like -5000 and the most hilarious edits I've ever seen. /u/karmanaut has the record for most downvoted I think, he got around -8000 for the comment explaining why he removed the fake Bad Luck Brian AMA.
Nothing. The entire premise of the show is that he's a serial killer who works for CSI.
How would you get Sandstorm up before you died? If you use it on your first move then you won't be able to use endeavor before they kill you at the beginning of the second turn.
I just want to point out that I love how you're casually acknowledging that -40F and -40C are the exact same thing.
...You clearly didn't watch the latest season of GoT if you think that's true. MASSIVE FUCKING SPOILERS FOR GAME OF THRONES SEASON 5 BELOW THIS GIANT WALL OF TEXT BECAUSE I'M TOO LAZY TO SEE IF THIS SUB HAS THE CSS FOR SPOILER TAGS. This season had the least, most balanced nudity out of the entire show. There's a sex scene with Ramsay and Mryanda, that Sand Snake flashed Bronn to get his heart rate up for the poison to start working, and then Cersei's walk had her naked the entire time as well as several people from the crowd taunting her by exposing themselves. So this season had 5 naked women and 3 naked men, and 2 of those men were full frontal penis shots. There isn't a whole lot of room for improvement here. They could have cut out the Sand Snake scene because was rather gratuitous, but the other 2 scenes had actual plot reasons for happening and they were balanced in their nudity.
Which isn't wrong. Even letting them channel at all was being generous. "Oh you draw your power from the One Source? Too bad that doesn't exist here."
That's the spirit!
In this case Rand's magic shouldn't have worked at all. In Westerns there is no Creator and thus no One Source to channel from. It doesn't matter how badass of a water mill you have if the river doesn't exist.
When the fuck did that happen?
That's the Seanchan queen/princess lady right? I remember reading that and thinking how fucked up it was.
Jesus christ dude...
What's the age cut off where a child can keep their parents in the dark about doctor's visits? Is it just as soon as they can get themselves to the doctor's office or is there a specific age where you need the child's permission to tell the parents?
I have no idea if you're telling the truth or just bullshitting us, but you used just enough medical terms to make it sound legit without using any obviously fake ones... So have an upvote.
Man can you imagine the absolute shit show Fox News would have with this if this happened to Obama?
It kind of does. I love this country, but it has a thousand different embarrassing problems that we somehow haven't managed to fixed. We're pretty damn great, but we're not as great as we could be.
Son of a bitch...
Yea, depending on the game I'll tolerate a mild fps drop if it means the graphics will be a lot better. Unless I'm playing Dota in which case I'll drop that shit to potato quality if my fps drops even a smidge.
Sacrifices must be made.
Your family is terrible at nicknames. Just calling him Tripod is good enough, Tripod Pod is just redundant and sounds weird.
Eat it and absorb it's powers.
The hardest part for me is expanding my diet beyond various types of sandwiches.
That he has a counterfeit mug obviously. My dad has the real one.
It took me 2 years before I dared to play a game without using power overwhelming. And then another 6 months before I tried playing on battle.net. And it only took me 2 days before I stop playing actual games and dove head first into the custom games. Good times.
What's the point of this game? Do you win if you clean enough? Or is it just an endless house cleaning simulator?
Well he did have that period where he was a huge alcoholic, but he's apparently recovered.
Yea he was in pretty bad shape. He said that there are scenes in the final cut of Goblet of Fire where he was completely wasted.
That sounds like a great way to get arrested for hitting his daughter.
... I'll just hit it with another tire. There's no way in hell I'm going to let my vehicle move an inch unless all the tires are solidly bolted on.
Fiber = Google Fiber. And since I live in Kansas I'm pretty sure I'm legally required to mention that Missouri sucks so much harder than we do.
And I've never had a tire get rusted to the point where I had to beat it with another tire to change it, so this entire argument is rather silly.
What? Who told you I was paranoid? I'm not paranoid. It's not being paranoid if they're actually trying to get you. Who did you say you worked for again? Oh God they've found me! I don't know how but they did!
I've heard the Civil War described as: when you first think about, it looks like it was about slavery. Then you dig a little deeper and realize it was about a lot of things. Then you dig even deeper and realize "Oh wait, no. It actually was all about slavery." The Civil War was about a state's rights... to own slaves. They didn't care about a state's rights to do anything else, they were concerned about owning slaves.
Ha! You should go check out /r/TrollXChromosomes. If you thought men are more disgusting than women, this will show you just how horribly wrong you are.
I don't know what you're doing, but I've been married for 4 years and my gaming amount is far more dependant on my job and classes. Even now that we have a kid I can still find time to game for at least an hour every night. That might change as he grows up, but for now having a baby doesn't mean I don't have free time.
The first Christmas after my wife and I got together I got her a 100 pack of hair ties on a ring and the biggest pack of bobby pins I could find. She was so estatic that I'm pretty sure that's what made her decide to keep me around. That pack of hair ties managed to last about 5 years before they all vanished. Though I'm pretty sure the bobby pins evaporated the next day.
True, and I can't really complain since I'm trying to do the exact same thing you did.
*gasp* You lied! On reddit! The nerve of some people...
I've noticed that most of the obnoxious angry atheists are the ones who have recently come out of the closet or deconverted from religious families. There is usually a lot of frustration, anger, hopelessness, and stress that builds up from growing up in a religious household when you don't believe. It's exponentially worse the more extreme the religious belief is. The constant fear of being disowned if your family finds out, the rage at seeing all of the atrocities being carried out in the name of God, the crushing loneliness of not knowing anyone else who believes what you do, the depression from being constantly surrounded by people saying that people like you are worse than child molesters and don't deserve to live, and the infuriating experience of wondering why everyone else around you is too damn stupid to see how fucking illogical all of this is. And then wondering if maybe there's something wrong with *you*, maybe everyone else actually does hear the voice of God telling them what to do, but you don't hear it because you're broken somehow. But then you hear about or meet someone else who also doesn't believe in god! And it's the best thing ever. All of a sudden you're not alone in the world, you're not the spawn of Satan, you're not broken. So all of the despair, self doubt, anxiety, loneliness, and all of the negative emotions you've spent your whole life feeling just melt away. Except for the anger. The anger stays, it feeds on all the other emotions. How dare they think I'm a bad person for not believing. How dare they make me feel so alone, how dare they threaten to disown me, how dare they believe something so illogical. How **dare** they: allow children to die because blood donations are evil, allow child molesters to escape justice, wage war on their neighbors because they pray differently, ruin lives by fighting against contraceptives. The anger stays with you for a while. Most people I've met spend a couple years working it out, but after that they tend to be much more mellow. It took me about 4 years to burn through my anger and a couple more before I stopped really giving a shit what other people believed, and I grew up in a loving and supporting environment. Most of the examples above are from other people I talked to in college and many many stories from /r/atheism before it turned to shit. I know its hard, but try to ignore the asshole atheists, some of them are justifiably furious, others are just edgy teenagers, but eventually the vast majority of us grow out of it.
I'm not the person you asked, but do you *really* want to open that box?
You've made 4 comments!? Hey everyone! Get a load of this karma whore.
Hell, I've played over 2k games and I've only ever held a Rapier by pulling it from the cold dead hands of my enemy. Never buy a Rapier. Even if you're playing Medusa and you've had 90+ min of free farm and you're 15 - 0.
That is an extremely shitty thing to do.
It's always weird during that transition period after your relationship changes. "And this is my girlfrie... I mean fiancée..." "Oh have you met my fianc... I mean my wife?"
It's a gunslinger, and it is the most hilariously overpowered damage focused class I have ever seen. Any gun in the hands of a gunslinger completely ignores all physical armor that's not specifically designed to be bulletproof. And guns naturally do a shit ton of damage. Granted it's rather expensive to buy the components to make ammo and critical failures are 100X more terrifying for them than other classes. And at early levels the reload rate on some guns is a full round action, but with levels and class features you can get it down to a swift or free action.
Are you talking about rogues with sneak attack? That's the only thing that comes to mind that can do stupid amounts of damage in a single attack. Who the fuck thinks that rogues are underpowered? In 3.5 they were easily the highest dps source in most fights, except maybe a sorcerer who dropped a good AOE spell.
But making themselves new ones is part of their thing. They're not just using a gun, they're building and inventing them. The broken crappy one you start with can be upgraded for a couple hundred gold worth of materials and then it's a full fledged 1d12 gun. And you can enchant it the same as you would a crossbow, so there is still some progression for your weapon. It's not like fighters continue to get more and more advanced swords. They start with a longsword and while they might upgrade to a bastard sword or greatsword, the majority of their damage increase comes from feats, enchantments, and skill.
Deal! PM me your account information and I'll mail you the deed to The Golden Gate.
It will be bug ridden nightmare, and I'm going to play the shit out of it.
But if you shift queue something and then change your mind you have to break the channel.
Don't forget Veil.
Sierra Army Depot, that's one of my favorite areas in Fallout 2. I have such a love/hate relationship with that place.
The states aren't allowed to violate the 14th amendment. The 14th guarantees equal protections for every person. The Supreme Court has used this exact same logic to strike down bans on interracial marriages in the past. Using it to strike down bans on same sex marriage isn't any different.
He really is. It's weird to think about the massive shit storm that was caused when he was appointed by Bush. Everyone was freaking out about appointing a fairly young judge to the SC and immediately promoting him to Chief Justice, but he's proven to be pretty damn good at it.
This is also a monumental decision that every generation to come will learn about. I can see why each dissenting justice would want to explicitly say why they oppose it.
You're not being downvoted for your opinion, you're being downvoted because your tone is hostile and you sound like an asshole.
That seems... rather inefficient, but whatever floats your boat.
&gt; I think you also underestimate the sheer amount of structures that make up our infrastructure. Just as an example, the number of bridges you drive over while on the highway is astoundingly high. If the bridge approaches are in extremely poor shape then the average driver will realize that they're going over a bridge, but then they'll drive over 10 bridges in a row and not have a clue. I was generally aware that there were *some* bridges on the road I drive to work, but I didn't realize just how many there actually were until my boss made me go inventory them. 18. There are 18 bridges in the 10 mile stretch of highway I drive to get to work.
He's already $15 poorer.
Sometimes it's on purpose.
I think this is the part where I point out how you misspelled fiancée by making some clever remark about the character not having any money or something. If I do it right someone else might even link it to the switcharoo chain using some horrible amalgamation of "switcharoo" and "fiancée/finance" or something. And then there'd be the guy who tells us to hold his inanimate object because he's going in, followed by a bunch of people proclaiming him dead after X number of minutes. But I'm not feeling clever right now so I'm not going to do any of that.
Oh shit that'd be even worse! Just put random railings throughout the box right at shin level.
\\# Like this.
The theater in my town got away with it by being the only theater with more than 2 screens within 50 miles.
It is so ordered.
Well you failed, because you come off as a colossal pervert. If you really wanted to make that point then a better way would have been "I'm a straight man and I like ice cream." in response.
Um... dude? I've got some bad news for you.
You know, that looks really fucking weird with everything spelled out.
The Pink Letter certainly does not imply that the Boltons still have Fake Ayra. The letter even demands that Jon return Ramsay's bride (fAyra) like 3 times.
I don't think he's furious. I think he might have been disappointed or annoyed that his thunder was stolen, but I don't think he's still holding any anger about it. He's talked before about how when he first started writing and coming up with ideas, the Internet wasn't really a thing. There might have been some obscure small forums where a couple people discussed his books, but he never imagined that there would ever be a platform where millions of readers join together and devote more than a decade to analyzing his books and combing them for clues.
Well it's still the same shitty field of view, and at this point it's just ridiculous that such a huge negative feature is kept around because of tradition.
*Gasp*
So it's a more expensive Chromecast?
You would need a source of water on hand to do that. Redirecting doesn't require anything besides your own body.
Fuck I didn't even start the video, the thumbnail was enough for me.
Well, I mean I have some sharpies I can give you. If that's not enough I think I've got some spray paint laying around somewhere.
I have actually seen this happen. Me and my friends have been playing for about 3 years and we recently introduced a new friend to the game. He'd never played any kind of Moba or anything like it, yet the instant he hit level 30 he started playing ranked games by himself. He managed to get calibrated into Silver IV with a record of 6/10 games won. None of us know what the fuck happened.
They did! Skye put 5 fucking bullets in his chest but they just brushed that off like it's nothing. This is really the only complaint I have about the show. He was wearing body armor, but that only negates the first bullet. After it gets hit once kevlar is only a little better than a t-shirt. And you can't brush off 4 bullets to the chest without some serious hospital time.
Exactly, the *average* player is low Silver. But someone who has less than 100 hours isn't an average player. And this guy wasn't some prodigy player, he barely understood the basics.
But after the solution cools down wouldn't all of the sugar precipitate out of solution again?
&gt;"Did I do all of this to argue about it on reddit?" Yes goddamnit! What else do you think this engineering degree is for?
That's about the minimum wait for a vagina birth. It's to give everything time to heal and return to normal. If you have a c-section then the wait is actually closer to 4 months, and depending on the surgery that can be a 4 month ban on even having orgasms. They have to cut through your abs to reach the uterus, so if you make your abs contract too hard before they heal then you can rip them right open again.
The sperm can make its way to the fallopian tubes and hang out there until an egg comes along.
They ban people for the most asinine reasons. They self admittedly don't give a fuck about their own rules, you'll be banned for no reason whatsoever.
So they're short sighted idiots, got it.
I don't think I've ever played a game of DnD where the PC's gave a shit about their characters motivations for being in the party. Most games start with everyone coincidentally arriving at some random event and everyone saying "Whelp, us 5 random strangers just killed some rats at a crossroads. Who wants to join forces to overthrow the BBEG?"
Why do you spend so much time backing out of parking spaces? Is it really easier if it takes you more time to back out instead of pulling straight out?
I hate to burst your bubble, but that won't work. Statutory rape is a strict liability law, which means you can't justify committing it out of ignorance. If a teenage girl has a fake ID and gets into a 21+ bar and you have sex with her you just committed a crime. Even if you go miles above and beyond reasonably confirming her age, the **only** thing that matters to the court is that you had sex with her. If admit to it and try using the "How could I know" defense then you will lose and probably end up on the sex offender list. This isn't some hypothetical situation either, there was a case on reddit a couple months ago about a 19 year old guy who met a 14 year old girl at an 18+ bar and they had sex. He was initially found guilty and placed on the list despite the girl and her mother both fighting in his defense. Luckily the outrage caused them to appeal it and he was not guilty.
Hmm. I know he definitely said that he started the whole reddit thing by making fake accounts to ask him about the forumns. I could have sworn that he said he made up the forums as part of the joke.
I don't know if you're making a sarcastic joke about how gold doesn't rust, or making a dig at Glenn Beck for selling "gold" that rusts.
Ha! This guy thinks 86° is hot.
Why? It's just an arbitrary method of assigning last names. We're not assigning different values to people just because they're -son or -dottir.
I don't know. But I can guarantee that every single person who saw this post sat up straighter.
Narrowed down to 12? Goddamn. How many were on the list before you cut some out?
Depends on your app. Reddit is fun let's you save no problem.
I swear that artifact is probably the most dangerous item in the entire game.
&gt;And I can almost guarantee that point of view porn will exist if you want to take it a step further. $5 says that Pornhub already has some type of VR plan in place for when the Rift becomes mainstream.
I wouldn't say it's normal, but it's not rare. Never doubt how evil teenagers can be.
Why would you test that!?
I don't know if you heard, but they don't like Whedon anymore.
Muffin button!
So how expensive is that repair?
It's called Pinterest.
Are you talking about autofallatio or having ribs removed to do it? The first one is absolutely a thing, though apparently it feels more like sucking a dick than having your dick sucked. The second is just a myth.
How is it false? At any given moment your body only uses a part of your muscle's strength. I don't mean in the "you only use 10 percent of your brain" bullshit. I mean that the little "arms" that pull your muscle fibers together all fire in a random unorganized fashion so at any given instant only some of them are actively pulling. The rest are resetting or just about to pull. If you could get them to all fire in a synchronized fashion then our muscles could pull several times more than normal.
Oh that fucker.
This isn't evidence of rape culture, it's a "Holy hell we have 13,000 kits to test but only 2 lab techs to test them along with every other piece of DNA evidence for other crimes" culture.
We do care about stopping rape, but if a lab has limited resources it has to prioritize how to spend them. And going off of the ratio in the top comment,those 13,000 kits will only result in 13 convictions. Prosecutors are all about having a high conviction rate because it looks good on their resume, so it's no surprise that they don't want to focus on encases that have a .1% chance of succeeding. The fact is that rape is the hardest crime to get convicted of. And it's not because of any bias or apathy in society. It's because it's the only violent crime where any reasonable doubts about the case are extremely hard to dismiss. Coupled with the fact that you can't really have any hard evidence besides a video/audio recording of it in progress. Every other crime you just need to prove that the suspect committed the actions they're accused of, there's no such thing as consensual murder or theft, and consensual assault is extremely rare. But people have sex all the time. And even if you prove that sex happened you still need to prove that it wasn't consensual. If their are no defensive wounds on the suspect or severe injury to the victim then you have to prove that it wasn't consensual rough sex. Unfortunately there are zero solutions to this problem. We can't lower the threshold for convictions, we can't change to a guilty until proven innocent system (holy shit can you imagine?), and unless we invent some kind of telepathy then there's not any higher caliber of evidence we can gather.
No, I'm saying that part of the reason why rape is such a horrible crime is how hard it is to get justice for it. We should never stop trying to get justice for victims, but there are some very real obstacles to justice in the case of rape. I just hate when someone dismisses these obstacles by crying rape culture without looking at *why* they actually exist.
What I was trying to say in my original comment, before sidetracking myself, is that there isn't a difference between sex and gender *in practice*. 99.9% of the time if someone is biologically male/female then they will be and man/woman respectively. The current rise in awareness of transgender people is very slowly starting to change this, but currently if you grab a random person from the street you can tell their gender based on their sex. Regardless of what gender roles they assume they will still assume this gender tied to their sex. A cis female lesbian muscle-bound lumberjack who loves drinking beer and watching sports is still a woman.
I agree with all of your points.
The thing that always bugged me about regeneration powers of that caliber is where does their body get the mass to regrow all of those organs? Assuming her body can digest food as fast as it can regrow organs, she should be constantly eating some type of meat and fat constantly to have something to build organs out of. It's weird because I have no problem ignoring the blatant violations of conservation of energy and mass of every other superpower. But regeneration? Bullshit.
I think you forgot that teenagers boys are invincible. No one knows when this power fades because it happens at different times for different people. But eventually we become mortal and the first sign of this is usually when we break something that can't be fixed.
Do you compliment him and take him on spontaneous dates? Also, look up the 5 love languages and have both of you take the quiz.
I'm assuming they mean this topic not the subreddit in general. I hope so anyways, because I can agree with the topic being dangerous. It's asking people to focus on the good things about their exes and the bad things about their current SO's. That's just a recipe for trouble.
Isn't all of that just called the vulva?
There's a quiz you and your partner can take online for free that tells you how important each language is for you. I don't know the link but I'd be amazed if it wasn't the first result by googling "love language quiz".
But can you design and render a digital knife skin for less money than buying the skin?
Yay! I got my period! Ow! Fuck, I'm on my period...
I get that, I really do. I'd rather be a soldier who gets captured and killed than a civilian who gets captured and sold as a sex slave. But since I, and Clinton, live in the country that is the least likely in the world to be invaded, her quote is nothing but complete bullshit. It honestly makes me sick that any American would defend it.
I know what you're taking about, it was either in relationships or legaladvice. Sorry, that's all I've got.
How constant is constant? Was there a time limit between affirmations? Or was it just left to the individuals having sex to decide? Because that's a horrible idea. And *no* alcohol can be involved? How does that work if both partners are drinking? Can they both be arrested or does it cancel out?
The testicles actually drop much much sooner than puberty. If they haven't dropped by the time you go through puberty then that's actually a pretty big medical issue.
&gt;Games *are* art though. This isn't a point of argument. It's widely accepted. *Citation needed* And you completely ignored my other points. Why are video games considered art, but other types of games not? Or do you consider Monopoly to be art and Hasbro to be a sell out?
I'm sure that $3 will make him feel better. Sorry.^^^^not^sorry.^You^left^yourself^wide^open^there.
It couldn't possibly be the fact that it's an extremely common, legal practice that several members of Congress on both sides of the aisle do. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2013/03/18/campaign-funds-nepotism-relatives-payroll-congress/1991251/ But yeah, let's stick with liberal bias instead.
Unless you live in Africa of course.
That's kind of a win-win if you don't like the person as well as their laugh.
What's not? Check out /r/bannedfromme_irl for all kinds of stories.
This one's actually true. There was an interview with that guy afterwards that explained it. I'll see if I can find it. https://youtu.be/OAdorJ_kbQA
I think it's more of a "we're all rooting for this guy to get laid" thing.
If you're on PC you can always use the console to spawn it. If you're on a console then you have my condolences.
If you stuff her full of drugs at the beginning of the game she'll give you shortcuts at a couple points. The Courser is one and the other is a phrase that let's Skinny Malone let you walk away with an easy speech check. There might be some more because what she tells you is based on how far in the main story you are when you drug her.
Who hurt you dude?
She was trying to masturbate with a vibrator because she thought he was asleep.
I don't know about these other assholes, but I'm just here so I can get into /r/centuryclub.
Maybe you just haven't found that one special spider yet.
NO exceptions. Also see rule 35. It's now your job to make that a thing.
Thanks bot!
Can you spell it out for the other redditors who don't get it? Not me of course. I totally get it. I mean for those *other* people.
Well if you're burning a lifeline on the first question then you might just want to tap out early.
God I love that line. The latest episode is easily one of the top 5 that they've done.
I love his casual arrogance in the latest episodes. "How can you be Semi-Perfect? You're either perfect or you're not me, there's no grey area!"
It's when you approach a girl and your opening line is some backhanded compliment meant to undermine her confidence and manipulate her into trying to earn your favor.
Didn't they almost have to get the FAA involved in that one because it went so high?
They're back up now!
I'm not subbed here, but for what it's worth literally the only posts I see from this sub that make it to /r/all are the meta posts. Maybe there's a fierce underground resistance going on that I can't see, but from the outside it appears that this sub is fairly united on meta posts. As for the eternal /u/Editing_And_Layout versus /u/preggit conflict, I don't think that fight is going to end anytime soon.
They can only monitor people that they've Traced. And Ron makes it sound like putting the Trace on an adult is either impossible or extremely taboo.
Don't worry, you're already on that list.
I get the feeling that your username is an understatement.
At least they didn't stick around trying to argue their bullshit.
Yep. Definitely malice. There's zero chance that someone who isn't subject to certain behaviors would be ignorant of them.
Actually there's a 100% chance that someone who **does not know** that women experience those things, is being malicious by not knowing. You can't systematically hate something if you don't know that it exists. The person above is angry that men are blind to women's daily life experiences, but they are just as blind to men's daily life experiences *where none of that shit happens*. I'm not sure how much simpler I can say this: just because a man is unaware of women's struggles, doesn't mean he is actively malicious against women. It doesn't take a deliberate effort to be ignorant of these things. I didn't know how bad it was until I was over 18, and I have women friends and was dating my wife at the time. A man who only has guy male friends and doesn't talk to women about things like that will have no clue what women have to deal with. And that ignorance isn't malicious.
The Davis-Bacon rate in my area for an unskilled laborer is $28.06/hour.
Obviously it's a 1:1 ratio. But what are the percentages of users that get dates for each sex? If you ask any male community you'll get a good number of people who get ZERO replies besides bots. But how many women can say the same? For fucks sake, this entire thread is about how women can't be online for more than 2 seconds without getting someone hitting on them. And you're trying to tell me that it's harder for women to have success in online dating? What is your justification?
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskMen/comments/3z8o75/why_dont_men_get_as_much_of_a_thrill_over/ Read and understand. It's well worth it, trust me.
It's the OnTrack of the Transformers.
I saw a giraffe!
I don't think you know what makes a good train...
The best healthcare in the world can't stop entropy. At that age your body just starts to break down, healthcare can't stop that.
The Hawaiian alphabet doesn't have the letter T in it.
What the hell did you do to your flair?
I actually really liked the 4th book. I hear people bitch about the climax and 100 pages of resolution, but honestly those are the parts I liked best.
Sometimes I feel like I should hate that man for how good he has life, but I cant, he's just too damn likeable.
Fun fact: Polk is the most successful president in our history. If you measure success by the number of campaign promises he delivered on. He made 5 promises while campaigning: to acquire California from Mexico, settle the Oregon dispute, to lower the tariff, to create a sub-treasury, and to not run for a second term. By the end of his first term he completed the first 4 promises, and he completed the 5th by not running for reelection.
This is a question for /r/legaladvice, not /r/relationships. Your landlord has broken at least one law and is a consistent pain in the ass, and you're on a month to month agreement. Give him 30 days notice and move out. End of story.
It does both. The internet will expose you to any information you look for. If you have the desire to find answers to questions then the internet will help you find them. But if you just want to find a community of like minded people and shut out all conflicting information then the internet will help you do that too. Antivaxxers are a good example of this. If they wanted to find out the truth then they'd just have to search it out on Google. But they dont. They just gather together in their little bubbles of ignorance and block out any conflicting information.
It's like getting out of doing laundry forever by mixing whites, colors and bleach in a single load.
...no.
Or sooner if you're into that weird shit.
Anyone who has the balls to say that sentence on reddit without joking deserves at least a little bit of respect. Not a whole lot, for obvious reasons, but a little.
Hahahaha! Oh my god! You have no idea! *deep breath* Oh my. You poor poor summer child. You have only begun your descent into hell.
The justice system never declares you innocent as an official verdict. You are assumed to be innocent from the start, but the courts never render an "innocent" verdict. They can only say "we don't have enough evidence to say you're guilty".
A "witch-hunt" means that someone is deliberately going out and looking for something that may not exist. In the context of this thread it means that the University is actively looking for male students they can accuse of rape and expell. The implication is that if they can't find any actual rapists they'll just start pointing fingers at innocent people.
My point is that the University is woefully incompetent at that job. Lawyers, judges, and the police have difficulties proving sexual assault and they're specifically trained and experienced at doing it. But you expect some random administrators and professors to understand all of the tiny nuances that separate evidence of assault vs consensual sex? Do they even gather evidence? How do they determine if consent was given? Do they even know what legally constitutes consent? Or are they just taking the word of the accuser as proof? Consent is surprisingly complex. There was a flowchart a lawyer made that popped up a couple days ago, I'll see if I can find it. Here it is: http://lawcomic.net/guide/?p=1271#RapeFlowchart The difficulty is determining when someone is unable to give consent and when they revoke it. Despite common misconceptions, just being drunk doesn't remove your ability to give consent. Being unconscious does, but being drunk doesn't. And you have to *clearly* make it known that you don't consent, if you just lay there and let it happen then that's giving consent. These are all questions that lawyers and judges need to answer, not untrained and unqualified administrators.
Her testimony against his barely qualifies as evidence. Without other physical evidence or witnesses then the stories of both sides cancel out. If there's any cross examination then you might be able to reveal any inconsistencies in someone's story, but that doesn't mean much with how fragile human memory is. And I doubt that the University is going to pony up the cash to have a rape kit performed and analyzed. Or a drug test. If they're really on the ball they might think to look for defensive wounds to prove there was a struggle, but I doubt they have the training to determine defensive wounds from a normal scrape.
Not that you'd want him to. Raving lunatics don't do very well in debates.
Depends on the woman a little. If you want to be a housewife and raise children while your husband works a job that easily provides for you then the 50's would be pretty good. If you didn't want to do the above then you were shit out of luck.
That's the exact opposite of what that story means. Solomon ordered the baby to be cut in half because he knew the real mother would rather give up the child than have it killed. If you want to apply it here then OP's mom would need to settle the ownership dispute by saying she'd cut the shirt in half and give each girl a half. OP's sister would be okay with this because she doesn't care about the shirt, but OP would be upset and rather have the shirt go to her sister than have it destroyed. Seeing their reactions OP's mom would realize that the sister was a lying bitch and give the shirt to OP. /pedantry
Right, because someone with the username /u/batboobies, who shared clothes with their 3 sisters throughout their childhood, is a woman.
Oh. Did you not get the email? They have a label on the underside of their right breast that lists whether they're crazy or not. You need a UV light to make it show up though. You should be able to find a UV light on Amazon for pretty cheap.
TIL. I always assumed they spent at least half of the production time filming and the other half doing post production stuff.
Ha! It kind of is.
Seriously though, what does a premium pornhub account get you? No ads?
Most people grow out of the Batman-esque I-am-the-night angsty edgy bullshit by like... 16. Tops.
/r/askscience might be able to help.
The only problem with fall is that it only lasts 2 weeks.
Quick! If you jump now you might still be able to catch the joke!
Different people live in different states/countries with different climates and laws. If you're gonna call bullshit on someone's experience you'd better be damn sure you at least know where they are.
Well there wasn't. If women didn't have *any* support from men in the legislature then they never would have gained the right to vote. Changing the Constitution required members of Congress to vote for it, and if there weren't any legislatures willing to vote for it then it never would have happened. And until 1916 there weren't any women in Congress. It wasn't until 1922 that the first woman joined the Senate. And there has never been a majority of women in either side of Congress. So if men didn't want women to have the right to vote then it never would have happened. Short of a violent revolution women would have had no way of changing the law. The only thing they could do is petition and protest and try to convince the men in Congress to give them the right, but they themselves couldn't directly do it.
Because people fought for it and convinced people that it was the right thing. And eventually enough people got elected to congress that agreed women should vote, and so they made it so. But if no one in Congress ever thought that women should vote then they never would have. They could have fought as hard as they wanted, but if in this alternate universe they were never able to convince Congress, or get enough people elected to Congress, then there would be no legal recourse for them.
Let's not get crazy dude...
It'd get shadowbanned in about 30 seconds for spamming.
He actually said that he was drunk in scenes that made it past the final cut in GoF.
The annoying part is that it wasn't just a single hit. It was 7 different direct hits. He somehow missed the giant lines appearing on his screen with each pass but he just kept on filming like nothing happened.
Goddamn dude. Have some mercy.
&gt;I wasn't intentionally bringing up that can of worms. Well too damn bad! It's on now! Viruses are **not** living organisms. Fucking little bags of spring loaded death is what they are. They may contain organic material, but that doesn't make them alive. You know what else fits that description? Mousetraps. And communists. But mostly mousetraps. /#eukaryotemasterrace ^^^^^This^comment^is^a^joke.
Sooooo, what exactly *is* a Pap Smear? I've been blessed with the gift of being born with a dick so I'm only vaugely aware of what happens during gyno visits. I know its some kind of test that determines whether your cervix is normal or abnormal (right?), but what do they actually *do* in there?
Hell it's cringy online. Anytime I see any of the words "Mr. Skeletal, doot, or spooky" I downvote it and hide that thread/post. It's too stupid, I can't handle it.
If there is one consistent theme between every retail and fast food workers experiences, it is that the women's bathroom is *always* worse than the men's room. Everytime. If there is anyone who has a different experience, please share it.
I'm glad you managed to leave him at least.
Lol. Fair enough, you win.
See that was my understanding as well, but I've had several women in college get offended when I referred to them as women.
I'm not disagreeing with you. I was just explaining the other guy's thought process.
Yes. Also, stop wasting Helium. That shits a finite resource and we can't be squandering it on party balloons.
Run! Run! Retreat! Run!
She shows up in the Academy mission where you have to save the biotic children. Or if you skip that mission then she shows up at the Cerberus base as a Phantom and you have to kill her.
If you don't manage to do things exactly correct in ME2 and ME3 regarding the Geth/Quarian conflict then you don't get the option to make peace. There's a huge list of things that you have to do right to get the option, it's actually kind of impressive to get it right the first time. In ME2 you have to gain Tali and Legion's loyalty *and* resolve their dispute without losing either ones loyalty. Losing it and gaining it back doesn't count. And on Tali's mission you have to exonerate her without revealing what her father was doing, and she has to become an Admiral in ME3. And neither Tali or Legion can die in ME2. In ME3 you have to convince the reasonable Admiral that his life is worth more than that of his men in order to save him. And then you need to complete all of the side missions regarding the Geth and Quarians without skipping anything. If you do all of that and you have maxed out your Paragon or Renegade reputation by the time of the decision, then you'll be able to convince the Quarians to stand down and the Geth will upgrade peacefully and everybody's happy. Except Legion, because he dies no matter what you do for bullshit plot reasons.
The thing with the BBEG is that you actually manage to hurt him throughout the story. He starts off really powerful, but you manage to chip away at his strength so by the time you face him at the end he doesn't have anything left. Which I actually kind of appreciate. Most games have you prepping for the final boss fight by getting your ass kicked over and over again until you either manage to pull off a good sneak attack, make a last ditch all-in effort, or find some Holy McGuffin. But in DA I you start off weak and barely manage to survive an attack, but then you start completing small scale missions to build your strength until your strong enough to make a major attack. And your major attacks actually manage to have an effect on the enemy. It leads to more meaningful story progression at the cost of an epic final boss battle.
What!? Why!?
I think we can agree that neither system is perfect.
I don't understand your complaints about needing an unreliable narrator. Kvothe *is* an unreliable narrator. Or rather Kote is. The flash paper is a bad example because Kote never claimed that he called fire and lightning to strike down his enemies (except that one other time). He's repeating the rumors of himself and telling us what really happened in that case. But when he starts describing his other adventures you can tell that he's deliberately exaggerating them. Case in point: Felurian. Do you honestly expect me to believe that an immortal sex god would be impressed by the performance of a teenage virgin who'd only ever seen a vagina in a book? No. Kote is bullshitting us there and making up a lie to cover up what actually happened his first time with Felurian.
Definitely.
Denna, Devi, Auri, Rose, the girl who gives him the cloak who's mentioned by name constantly (starts with an F), the Mer's fiancée, the mercenary woman, all of the Adem women, Felurian, the girls Kvothe saves from the Edema Rue impostors, and a couple more that I'm forgetting, are all female characters who are mentioned by name and play an important role in the story. And those are just the ones I remember off of the top of my head. Saying that the series is sexist because of the lack of women just shows how little attention you paid. There are a shit load of named female characters in this series, and very few of them are just set pieces in the background. You can argue that the society in the story is sexist, because it is. There are several places where characters remark how difficult it is for women to do something besides be housewives. The Adem even make fun of this when Kvothe's teacher talks about her experiences.
So I can judge whether it's worth wasting the time and data on an actual video before I see it.
Nah, if it was directed at you then it'd be something naming you personally. ^^^^*You* ^^^^*need* ^^^^*to* ^^^^*wake* ^^^^*up* ^^^^*Michael.* Obviously something like hasn't happened yet, so you're good to go.
Unless they're in trouble for doing something very unChristian.
The people at rallies are still just a tiny tiny fraction of the population.
Oh shit guys! We were wrong! The Queen isn't an immortal vampire, Bernie Sanders is!
They can handle the same amount of pain as anyone else. Not more, not less.
They actually asked some type of doctor specialized in pain what would be the best way to induce and measure pain. And apparently freezing cold is less dangerous and more consistent than any other method.
Fallout 1 intro.
They could have pulled a season 5 of Buffy on us and just swapped out the Andersons and had Mulder carry on with his partner like nothing was out of the ordinary. Only it turns out Pamela is actually some memory altering, shape shifting alien whose cover slowly gets blown over a couple of episodes as Mulder keeps finding inconsistencies in his memories. And Scully will of course have her own side plot revealed after a couple episodes where she has to either regain her memories or something, but she eventually rejoins Mulder and they have to come up with a plan to take out the alien and fix everyone's memories.
&gt;This is a joke I'm aware.
What kind of 3rd world country doesn't have a roof over the gas pump?
I was making a joke. Apparently people missed that.
The best part is that you actually do. As of my comment, /u/Dickanuspenisfart has 269 points and you have 13.
No its not. It's a territory, not a state. So it's not part of "the states". It is a part of the US though.
I'm stealing this, just so you know. I'd say I'll give you credit when I use it, but we both know that's a lie.
Which he tweeted out to his followers...
3 years and no comments Yet you break your silence for this?
Have you met cats? It knew exactly what it was doing. That's still not an excuse to pee on it.
"I guess some lies are just too big..."
True, but if I'm so underfarmed that Radiance can kill me then buying a Force Staff is a luxury I can't afford. Not because I have better things to buy, but because even scraping together enough gold for a TP scroll is pushing the limits of my wallet.
For being a lawyer you are astoundingly wrong. For minor shit like speeding tickets the judge can decide if you can present an arguement for your Not Guilty plea. It solely depends on the judge's mood that day.
I'm like 95% certain that it's already been posted there before.
That's not what gaslighting is. Gaslighting is a form of emotional abuse where you manipulate your partner into thinking that their memory is unreliable. It's done by either planting false memories of things that didn't happen, or by convincing them that they're remembering something that didn't happen (when it did). The end goal of gaslighting depends on the individual asshole doing it, but generally it's done to undermine their partners self confidence and to increase their dependence on the abusive partner.
That's a rule created, or at least perpetuated by, the diamond industry. Because money.
Same response!
Who designs these things!? And why do people use them!?
What do you use now?
Wet dreams only happen when you haven't ejaculated for long enough that your body needs to dispose of expired sperm. Unless you go a couple weeks without ejaculating then you won't have wet dreams.
/r/BlackPeopleTwitter. When it first became a big thing after it got exposure in an AskReddit thread I swore that it was just a phase and would die down soon. But over a year later and it's still going strong.
It's a movie about time travel, plot holes just come with the territory.
Oh fuck that thing! Holy shit that boss was such bullshit!
Good point. A Flying type first gym leader and a Miltank with a Rock type Rollout is quite punishing. Honestly I was thinking of Gen I where the Fire starter was hard mode.
You shut your whore mouth. Umbreon was amazing. Any weaknesses he had were more than balanced out by how badass he looked.
That fucking Starmie was the entire reason I trained up a Butterfree in the early game. Having Sleep Powder around level 16 was amazing.
But now they're not. Which is exactly what PETA does. It kills animals so they don't have to suffer.
Free speech doesn't mean you get to act like a jackass with no repercussions. It only means the government can't arrest you for talking bad about the government. Private businesses and individual people can still penalize you for what you say however. Examples: If I make a Tweet saying "Obama is the son of a whore." I'm not going to wake up in prison for committing sedition. But if my boss sees it I can still be fired. And if any of my prospective new bosses see it they can refuse to hire me for it. And if I make a reddit comment saying that and the admins don't like it they can remove the comment and shadowban any accounts from my IP address forever, and they wouldn't be violating any amendments by doing so.
&gt;often think that *their* representatives in congress arent the problem, its every one *elses*. I'm a Democrat living in Kansas. I have no problem saying that my representative is part of the problem.
&gt;That has happened less than half the times I had sex so far. That's zero times right? ...Right!?
... I wouldn't say that's an unreasonable thing to think. It was my wife's exact opinion after she got pregnant.
Ha!
Speak for yourself.
Is Adventure Time even for kids? The only people I know who watch it are adults.
Exhibit A. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yLZjiowQIU
Just look at what you've done. I hope you're proud.
Oh I never played the multiplayer. And back up just a second. Did you say you can be a Krogan Vanguard? Can you use Biotic Charge as a Krogan? How does that not murder everything instantly?
Every analogy has some holes.
Yea the fight is a lot longer in the books it seems like. I'm kind of sad that they didn't show Oberyn taunting the Mountain more. In the books it's like a constant chant that enrages him to the point where his swings are so wild he starts killing audience members with them on accident.
I wasn't trying to be a dick, I just wanted to point out that that was a very popular theory. And it's one that's actually based on some amount of evidence and logic. &gt;I'm sure that all feasible theories concerning any character have already been posited in one way or another. You have no idea how right you are. Have you heard about the time travelling fetus theory yet?
They have never denied this. It's just that there are two very loud groups on reddit who raised a shit storm about it. There was the group that was screaming about censorship on the first page because vote totals decayed and their prized post wasn't the top of /r/about lol anymore. So the admins changed the algorithm so points wouldn't decay as fast. And then another group started bitching about how stagnant the front page was because the point totals weren't decaying fast enough. The second group actually had a valid complaint so the admins reverted their changes back to the original algorithm. But that algorithm is still flawed because it was never meant to handle the scale and shape reddit grew to. And the admins said exactly that when they reverted the changes. One of the big problems is that a person's front page is made up of the top posts of all of their subscribed subreddits. And every subreddit is a different size. AskReddit is fucking massive, 10 million subscribers or something and the top post there always has several thousand votes. But something like /r/PeanutButter only as a couple hundred subscribers and rarely has new content. Yet reddit's algorithm needs to handle sorting both of these subs the exact same way. But then you also have weird ass subreddits like IAMA where there are a lot of subs, but only the top post gets votes. And that post will have thousands of points and the next biggest will be lucky to get more than a couple dozen. So the top post there will take up the front page slot for IAMA for over a day. How do you write a single algorithm that can handle sorting AskReddit, PeanutButter, and IAMA into a single front page that constantly has new content, but doesn't bury posts prematurely?
They don't even give a shit about the veterans in reality. They consistently fuck over the VA every chance they get.
Yes, but the title of the post is asking why the button exists if it doesn't work. The answer to that question is simply: because it does work for a lot of people. That's it, that's the end of this entire thread. If OP wanted to just bitch about how the reconnect button doesn't work for them, then they should have phrased their post better.
Well guess what? It works for me. Don't make claims saying that **everyone** experiences something if you don't have proof. Otherwise your entire argument is destroyed by a single person who doesn't fit your argument.
"This isn't tea! This is just *hot leaf juice*!"
"Primary" is exactly what makes the quote so offensive. Just saying that women are victims of war is 100% true, but adding that single word completely changes the intent of the quote.
If they were to operate like a normal company then the vast majority (by surface area on a map) of the US would suddenly not have any postal service. The USPS operates at a loss when delivering to rural areas. The only reason they do it is because they're constitutionally forced to do it. That's why UPS and Fed-ex hand off deliveries for the final leg to rural areas, it's cheaper to pay the post office to do it than to pay their drivers to do it.
Yep. The unskilled laborers on my job get paid $28.06 an hour. Of course that's on a government job. I have no idea what they get paid if its a private contract.
Do you want to get arrested for stealing? And then they'll have the cup in evidence like they wanted in the first place.
I don't know about you, but I can get a pizza for under $15. If that's not buying happiness then I don't know what is.
I like the cut of your jib.
The problem is that it's very likely that you won't get any income cards in the early game. And any other cards in the early game are pretty useless. Sure you can take 5 turns and build up some +3 to your base cards, but if the enemy gets a couple income cards and you dont then you're completely fucked.
That scene happened in the books and was made less horrific for TV. The only reason people bitch about it is because it's Sansa instead of Jeyne Poole who's being raped.
Whelp I managed to make it a whole 60 seconds before noping out.
I really don't understand the love for Snape. Every single fucking time we learn more about him it just confirms how shitty of a person he really is.
It looks like the gas can doesnt work on your starting vehicle for some reason. But seeing as the driving is infuriatingly difficult I think you made the right decision.
Neither, join the Railroad. You get the Ballistic Weave mod as well as the ability to complete the most of all the main quest storylines.
That was a good save on his part.
I've always heard it was something ridiculous like 40% of women.
Where are they going to go? China? I guess some will, but any 1st world country is going to have higher taxes than America.
This man doesn't have a lot of definition either, but I'm willing to bet that the world's strongest man works out just a little bit. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hafth%C3%B3r_J%C3%BAl%C3%ADus_Bj%C3%B6rnsson
The Institute obviously knows that Gen III's are actual people, they're just sticking their head in the sand to avoid the moral implications of their work.
Heroes Never Die! Die! Die! Die! Fuck...
The more I learn about the Blackbird the less likely it seems something like it could exist.
My wife and I have been together for just under 10 years and our first and only argument was after 3 years. So don't sweat it if you're worried. Judging the health of a relationship on whether you argue is a really bad metric. You can have a perfectly healthy relationship where you argue a lot, and you can have a really toxic relationship with zero arguments.
People who say that completely forget that LoL even has a lot of competition within its own genre. Dota, Smite, and HotS are much bigger threats than Overwatch will ever be.
This happens in Buffy. A new Slayer is activated when the previous one dies, and Buffy "dies" at the end of season 1 but gets saved with CPR. So for the rest of the show there's a second vampire Slayer running around.
The moral of her angry badass episode is that she isn't actually an angry vengeful badass, she's a kind and empathetic badass.
...yes. Let's go with that.
Lol, oh yes they do.
Damn, I had no idea I was dealing with a pro.
Possibly all of them if it forces Clinton to drop out.
It can, but it also includes people who are still in college. So that demographic will tend to be younger than the demographic that has already graduated.
In the book they discuss the necessity of dumber people by talking about an experiment where they put a very large number of top tier Alphas on an island and had them build a society. The Alpha society failed extremely quickly because none of the Alphas were content with doing the menial dirty jobs so they fought over the higher positions. The reason this doesn't necessarily translate to reality is that Alphas were conditioned to think of themselves as superior. They *knew* they were above such humiliating jobs like cleaning, construction, or anything Mike Rowe did on Dirty Jobs. But in reality there are tons of very smart people who are content with doing dirty jobs because they either like them or would prefer a simple job that let's them zone out and think of other things.
The LoL rank system is... complicated... It's based on giving players a feeling of measurable progression and goals. When I last played ranked LoL 2 years ago it worked like this: After your calibration games you're placed in a League and a Division. There are 7 Leagues and most of them have 5 divisions: Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Masters, Challenger. Using myself as an example: I placed into Silver league division IV, which is the second lowest Silver division, above Silver V. As I win ranked games I'll earn points similar to MMR, but when I get up to 100 points in my division I'll qualify for a promotion series. If I win 2 out of my next 3 games then I'll be promoted up to the next division, Silver III. Once I work my way up to having 100 points in Silver I then I'll have to win a best of 5 series in order to get promoted to Gold 5. In order to compare it to Dota's MMR, Silver V is the average skill level and is analogous to 3k MMR. Diamond V and above is the top 1% of players and is analogous to around ~6k MMR (give or take a lot, I'm not sure what the top 1% of MMR is).
"The fuck are you talking abou, oh I get it."
That's because that's a different guy. God! Learn to check the usernames! /s I'm just fucking with you, it's all good dude.
Also know as the Ender Wiggins or Neagan approach.
He's just being an ignorant ass. Every competitive game will have some complaints about balance, but most developers put in a massive amount of energy to balance their games. His comment mocks the thousands of hours of work that goes into properly balancing a game, and so people are pissed at him (and by extension, you.)
Wait, they use eggs in vaccines?
You are free to have your own opinions. No matter how wrong they are.
Fuck your downvotes! Back into the positives with you!
It's probably because the spaghetti and meatballs you were making didn't taste as good as the spaghetti and meatballs that's popular now. I tried TF2 and I found it extremely boring after a couple matches, but Overwatch is still interesting even after playing 78 hours, 40 of which were as Mercy.
You mean the company that's easily the most transparent and open company I've ever seen? They may make some unpopular decisions, but they're always open about their reasoning for those decisions and aren't afraid to admit that they fucked up.
That's terrible advice for some states in the US. Most people treat pedophiles the same as child molesters, even if they haven't actually done anything. So if you realize that you're a pedophile your options are: 1. Seek help through a therapist and risk getting arrested and outed by the police (some states have mandated reporting laws for admitting the urges, even if you have never and will never act on them). 2. Or, don't seek therapy or act on your urges and just deal with them yourself.
Right!? I saw the guy ask for an ELI5, and I was prepping myself for reading through a fucking 3 page essay. But that's actually a pretty succinct explanation.
The more likely option is that the customer requested that the crew write a joke on the box lid and the cutter went with a cheesy pick up line. It's not super common, but it's happens every now and then. Also, the delivery driver usually doesn't even open the boxes when they deliver them.
&gt;shock trooper
I hate you. It's nothing personal, but you're a terrible person.
Yea, that situation has kind of happened before. It wasn't due to the House voting on them, but the weird election process in the Constitution before it was changed. Originally the winner of the general election would become president and the runner up would become VP. In 1796 Jefferson came in second place to Adams in the general election. So there was a Federalist President with a Republican Vice President.
I was here for that. I remember seeing it in a thread like this and the next day it hit the front page of /r/all and hasn't ever left.
This sub still exists? I thought we all agreed to burn it down and never speak of it again.
That is an incredibly obscure location.
Texas is unique because it was an independent nation in between leaving Mexico and joining the US. It's also huge. Which is why the original agreement for Texas joining the US allowed it the option of splitting into up to 4 other states. If the state government was having issues effectively governing a state that large then they'd have a legal method to break it apart and make it more manageable. That's not really a problem now that we have phones and the Internet, but there wasn't an expiration date on that clause so Texas still technically has the authority to do that.
I don't know about brain chemistry, but a fun hormone related fact I learned is that hormones change the shape of the lens in your eye. I don't know if it's testosterone or estrogen that's responsible, but women have a wider field of view than men. But on the flip side, men have better depth perception than women because of this. The difference is big enough that transgender people can notice the change during their transition. Source: several transgender people in AskReddit discussing this change. I can't link to the threads because it's against the rules, but even reddit's search feature is able to find them.
So what structures have you worked on exactly?
It depends how you say it and what the mistake was. Like if your steak is well done then you should *politely* send it back. But if they just forgot to take off the tomatoes on your burger then you can do that yourself without raising a fuss (allergies excepted).
I can safely say that a planet sized chunk of antimatter will eliminate a planet quite easily. As for an exact answer, I couldn't begin to tell you the exact amount. It depends on how you define "annihilate". If you mean it in the scientific sense of annihilation, then you would actually need a planet sized piece of antimatter to annihilate a planet. But if you mean it in a sense of turning a planet into an asteroid field then you'd need enough antimatter to annihilate part of the planet while blowing the rest of it far enough away that gravity doesn't bring it back together. If you meant just rendering it unsuitable for human life then you'd just need enough to fuck up the atmosphere or the climate.
If we're counting eunuchs then Grey Worm and the other Unsullied are asexual as well. Also, this is probably the most appropriate place in this thread for me to drop this image: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/70/18/e6/7018e6630de4b8ccfebe364ca1433f0e.jpg I apologize in advance for the potato quality and not-imgur host.
You are being unnecessarily hard on the guy above. Just because his wife is unable to have sex for valid reasons doesn't mean his feelings aren't valid.
My money is on asexual or a lesbian.
Are we reading the same comment? Because the comment you responded has none of that. He's not laying down an ultimatum, there's no blackmail, or coercion, or any kind of manipulation. Seriously, where are you and all of the other haters seeing this shit? He's communicating like a mature adult and people are crucifying him for it.
You don't have to lie to us, we won't judge you for reading Draco Malfoy/Captain Picard slashfic to get in the mood.
NP doesn't actually do anything. If the subreddit's CSS is setup correctly then it can detect a NP link and it can do things like removing the voting arrows, but if you turn off subreddit style then they're back.
Shit. I thought the units of Mc^2 was in joules, not kJ.
Did he stutter?
Well he's 1 and a half, so if he's crying it's either because he tripped and face planted into the ground, or because I stopped him from doing something he's not supposed to do. If it's the former then I wait to see if he cries for more than a couple seconds before comforting him. If it's the latter then I let him cry it out or distract him with a toy.
That game was so much fun to dick around with the spellmaking and enchanting. Who needs fast travel when I can just cast a 150 pt Jump spell and cross a quarter of a continent in a couple seconds. Just gotta remember to cast it again on the way down.
The Giants Toe is glitched when using it in potions, any potion made with it is several times more expensive than it should be. And since the cost of the potion is a factor in how much xp it gives it makes leveling alchemy a breeze. The best possible potion you can make to level up is Giants Toe plus Blue Mountain Flowers plus Blue Butterfly Wings.
Fair warning: I'm basing the following off of what I've seen on TV and movies. Cloning a phone is basically copying all of the identifying information from one phone onto another, so the new phone will see everything that is sent to the original phone.
Slowfall would also work. Just set it to 1 pt for 10 seconds and it will negate the damage but will barely slow you down.
My wife and I saw this movie over the weekend and the only thing I can say is that it was exactly what I expected. The action was amazing, but the plot required you to not ask too many questions and just roll with it.
Not in this thread it's not.
That's why we can change them to better reflect our current culture. We got rid of the 3/5th rule, slavery, and gave all adults the right to vote, but we've kept freedom of speech/religion/press and the right to own guns.
The point of the movie is that genetic engineering would eventually lead to genetic discrimination, and that a person isn't defined by their DNA, right? But the problem is that they had the protagonist aiming for the one job where discriminating against genetic disorders is applicable. Vincent is around 30 years old and he has a 99% chance of dying of heart failure in the next 5 years, but he's lying his way onto a 7 year mission. His greed is putting his crewmates at a 99% chance that their navigator will die during the mission. The movie establishes that the genetic screening is accurate, so this isn't a case where the genetic screening was wrong, Vincent's heart *is* failing. He has to hide is bad heart from his physical trainers and doctors with hacked heart monitors and falsified medical records. Sure he can eventually beat his brother in a swimming race, but only after his brother is out of shape from 10 years of working behind a desk. If the writers wanted to show how silly genetic discrimination is then they should have had Vincent's disorders not actually be relevant to his dream career. He may have a shitty heart, but why would that impact his ability to be a kickass engineer, or doctor, or politician, or literally any other job where people's lives don't depend on you beating a 1% of survival.
The point of the movie is that genetic engineering would eventually lead to genetic discrimination, and that a person isn't defined by their DNA, right? But the problem is that they had the protagonist aiming for the one job where discriminating against genetic disorders is applicable. Vincent is around 30 years old and he has a 99% chance of dying of heart failure in the next 5 years, but he's lying his way onto a 7 year mission. His greed is putting his crewmates at a 99% chance that their navigator will die during the mission. The movie establishes that the genetic screening is accurate, so this isn't a case where the genetic screening was wrong, Vincent's heart *is* failing. He has to hide is bad heart from his physical trainers and doctors with hacked heart monitors and falsified medical records. Sure he can eventually beat his brother in a swimming race, but only after his brother is out of shape from 10 years of working behind a desk. If the writers wanted to show how silly genetic discrimination is then they should have had Vincent's disorders not actually be relevant to his dream career. He may have a shitty heart, but why would that impact his ability to be a kickass engineer, or doctor, or politician, or literally any other job where people's lives don't depend on you beating a 1% of survival.
The point of the movie is that genetic engineering would eventually lead to genetic discrimination, and that a person isn't defined by their DNA, right? But the problem is that they had the protagonist aiming for the one job where discriminating against genetic disorders is applicable. Vincent is around 30 years old and he has a 99% chance of dying of heart failure in the next 5 years, but he's lying his way onto a 7 year mission. His greed is putting his crewmates at a 99% chance that their navigator will die during the mission. The movie establishes that the genetic screening is accurate, so this isn't a case where the genetic screening was wrong, Vincent's heart *is* failing. He has to hide is bad heart from his physical trainers and doctors with hacked heart monitors and falsified medical records. Sure he can eventually beat his brother in a swimming race, but only after his brother is out of shape from 10 years of working behind a desk. If the writers wanted to show how silly genetic discrimination is then they should have had Vincent's disorders not actually be relevant to his dream career. He may have a shitty heart, but why would that impact his ability to be a kickass engineer, or doctor, or politician, or literally any other job where people's lives don't depend on you beating a 1% of survival.
There was an attempt.
/r/natureismetal (NSFW, and not because of boobs) has all of the proof you need that mother nature is a cruel mistress.
... Oh my fucking god. I always hated how some doors took forever to open.
Aren't those expensive?
*insert the comment pointing out the trees*
That's why I pay per Mbps, not Mb. If Comcast only has 1000 Mbps available, and I'm paying them for 100 Mbps, it doesn't matter how many actual bits I download because that's not what constrains them or what I'm paying them for. They aren't limited in how many bits I use in a month, they're limited by how fast they can deliver them to me.
Gotta go with Hayley Atwell.
Fuuuuuuuuck.
Inflammable actually means that something is flammable. It means you are able to inflame that thing.
Is that actually a thing?
Dude, you can't use pictures of the actor and claim that it's a cosplay.
Not just any woman, this is Hillary Clinton, someone they've hated for over 15 years.
Not on purpose. He was streaming but forgot to disconnect before he started having sex with his girlfriend later that night. He only noticed the next morning when he went to turn on his computer. It was on /r/LivestreamFails but apparently didn't survive the transition to /r/LivestreamFail.
Except for that whole paid mod fiasco. Other than that they've been pretty on point.
The biggest problem with paid mods that doesn't have a possible solution is mod dependencies. If I want to install the free mod Frostfall, I also have to install SkyUI, Skyrim Script Extender, and a hand full of other ones. If anyone of those required mods are paid mods then I'll need to pay to install the free mod that I originally wanted. If *all* of those mods are paid mods then I'm going to have to pay for 6 mods total.
Did you even read the fucking post? Any of them? The restricted schedule for Ranked 5's is so that the queue times aren't ridiculously long.
I'm okay with the kids of single mothers with shitty fathers using tomorrow to celebrate their mother a second time. But the single mother herself using tomorrow for attention is shitty.
I'd say the government are just as big of dicks for arresting or killing Wikileaks before the actual leak can happen.
So what I'm getting from the responses in that thread is that boxing and MMA are very illegal.
You're absolutely right. All I know is that your current leader is pretty insane and it's a primarily Islamic country. It doesn't really give off the image of a progressive country.
Thats hilarious. So yes. Yes you should.
I don't believe you. Edit: Apparently the Galaxy S6 doesn't do that.
Jesus fucking christ... I knew the US sucked when it came to workers rights, but I never expected to be outclassed by Sub-Saharan Africa.
Yeah, but it'd be much easier to just say that each parent has X amount of time.
20.21
Yes, you needed to have high stats and the sexpert perk to be the star. Otherwise you got to be a fluffer for 5 caps and poison damage.
There is one situation where performing well at sex will allow you to discover a way to assassinate a mafia boss without getting caught. And you can earn some money and fame by working as a porn star. That's pretty much it.
It's a weird ass picture that you're not expecting.
No, it's just one per Horcrux. Voldemort made 6 Horcruxes so he would have 7 soul pieces because he thought 7 was a magical number, but he still only killed one person for each one.
If you don't want to be spoiled by headlines from subs you're not subscribed to then stay the fuck away from /r/all. And if you are subscribed to freefolk then you should expect them to rave about major spoilers without a care in the world. At some point you have to accept that it's your responsibility to some degree to avoid spoilers for popular shows.
It's an article where a woman admitted to fulfilling several negative stereotypes about women, of course it was a shit show in TwoX. You had the men circle jerking about how right they were because one woman admitted she was a shitty hypocrite. Then you had the women who refused to acknowledge that this woman was actually a bad person. And buried under all of that you had a couple threads where actual rational discussion was happening.
Doesn't that just mean that the OP was lazy and forgot to switch the flair?
To be clear, he didn't get all 2.5 billion. That was split between the 3 owners of Mojang. He *only* got 833 million or so from the sale, but he already had several million before that so it pushed him into billionaire status.
Except he gave them a shit load of money each, and they still resented him.
Source? That sounds cool as fuck.
The spacing between the blue plate and the red button maybe?
Where did this theory come from? Did I miss something?
He's fucking with you. Jon Arryn dies before the show starts and his death puts the entire series in motion. A much better spoiler is telling people that Jon Snow dies.
Neutral Good FTW!
You mean like he already has?
Ah, rote memorization means you just memorize a list of facts, you don't think about why those facts are facts or any deeper implications of those facts. Just that those pieces of information are true. So a culture that places higher value on rote memorization over critical thinking won't have the necessary skills for innovation.
I'm pretty sure that's their point. No one wants to go back to the old days where any asshole could call himself a doctor and accidentally kill people.
Because sarcasm is sometimes difficult to convey through text, and I'd rather look silly for including an unnecessary "/s" than look like a creepy fucker/retard for not emphasizing my sarcasm enough.
I'm confused. You're already on reddit, why are you asking us what to do?
Goddamn that's amazing.
Tyrion. The theory is that Khal Drogo and Dany's unborn child wasn't actually killed in the blood magic ritual, he was transported backwards through time to the moment Tywin's wife(whose name I've completely forgotten) was giving birth. This killed the mother and deformed the child. So Tyrion is actually the son of Drogo and Dany.
It's a good thing I don't use my personal email for classified information.
I'm using reddit I'd fun and I still fell for that one...
Ah, that's a hell of a lot more reasonable. Your first comment made it sound like the deal breaker was being engaged while in school, not that your would-be-fiance was batshit crazy.
Have you tried turning into a swan?
I've been on a team that did this. We had 2 people pick Genji immediately, then a 3rd guy picked it, they were arguing about who would get to play him since they all recognized that 3 was too many, then the other 3 of us said fuck it and switched to Genji as well. It was actually a pretty fun game, even though we got stomped on.
That's why you take the opportunity to put even more bullets in him. He's even standing still so you can headshot him with impunity.
GG is the video game version of shaking hands after the game. It doesn't literally mean "That was a good game" anymore, it's turned into a sign of respect for your opponent.
It's also pretty situational. 30% is a lot, but usually it's still less damage than if Mercy pulled out her pistol and helped out directly. Bastion, Pharah, an ulting Soldier 76, and a Roadhog who just hooked someone are the 4 people who it's worthwhile to consistently buff.
For our families all it took was a single "We aren't even going to consider thinking of planning this for at least a year, stop asking" to never have to hear about any of that.
First off: just setting up the server isn't a crime. The crime is giving an unauthorized person access to classified information. Having someone set up **and maintain** an email server that contains classified information is very fucking illegal. Secondly: The IT personnel aren't the ones who would be in trouble, it would be the person who gave them access that committed a crime. If Powell sent classified information on his AOL account then he should face charges for violating the law. Clinton **did** send and receive classified information through her server, and she should face charges as well.
You're missing the point. Transparency != giving in to the vocal minority. Even if you hate what they've done they've still go through a lot of effort to explain why they made their decisions. You can think the game is a steaming pile of shit, but that doesn't change how transparent the company is. Can you name even a single thing they've done where they didn't explain why they did it?
One of us. One of us.
Ignore my other link, this one has most of the removed comments restored: https://r.go1dfish.me/r/AskWomen/comments/4q95th/what_male_burden_situationor_expectation_are_you/
Do it!
https://r.go1dfish.me/r/AskWomen/comments/4q95th/what_male_burden_situationor_expectation_are_you/
https://r.go1dfish.me/r/AskWomen/comments/4q95th/what_male_burden_situationor_expectation_are_you/
You. Fucker.
Implicit means that the code will effectively say "Avoid obstacles in the road, if not, then apply brakes". The code *isn't* going to explicitly say "If there are more than 4 pedestrians in the road, then steer into that tree to avoid hitting them." The situation of 4 pedestrians in the road is covered by the code that says to avoid obstacles if possible, otherwise apply the brakes. There's no need to write separate code for the instance of 4 pedestrians in the road.
&gt;Not dying isn't an act worthy of extra respect. Not anymore it's not.
Because it's sexist and cringy as fuck.
Exactly. Just remove those assholes and let the other comments stay.
At least they're upfront about their reasons for removing. I may not necessarily agree with their policy, but if they say they're removing a comment because they were being a dick, I don't have to second guess that. Invalidation and derailing are just excuses for the AW mods to remove opinions they don't like.
Back the fuck up. What kind of fucking timeline do you have going on here? The douche meets the Spanish girl, they hook up for a week, then 2 weeks later they have a fight, immediately afterwards you blab to the Spanish girl's friends about him sleeping with other people, and then another week passes before you see him crying on the bleachers? Do you seriously expect us to believe that within a 4 week time frame these two got married and had 4 kids? Either you're full of shit or you left out a lot of details. Actually, rereading this just convinces me that you're full of shit. How could her husband cheat on her when she was in basic, if they didn't meet until after she got out of basic?
Whaaaaaat? Bullshit.
Welcome to the club! Have you received your complimentary tinfoil yet? It's extra shiny for summer children.
SandersForPresident has always been open about being run by volunteer campaign staff. The sub was set up by his campaign for his campaign. They even had a mod post saying goodbye to one of the mods who got a paid staff position in the campaign. I don't know who runs The_Donald, but if it's someone working for Trump then they should probably be fired.
Queue times and matchmaking balance. Despite what reddit claims, Ranked 5s are very very small portion of the player base. When you have almost no one playing R5s at the same time the matchmaker can take 30 to 45 minutes to find a game, and it might only be able to place you against a team of wildly different skill. No one wants to wait 30 min to play a game against a team that's twice as good as them, surrender at 20, then wait another 30 minutes to play against the exact same team. So forcing the entire R5s community to play at the exact same time gives the matchmaker the ability to find balanced games faster.
Queue times and balance. Ranked 5s doesn't have the population to support 24/7 matchmaking. No one wants to wait 30 minutes to find a R5 game only to get fucking destroyed for 20 minutes, wait another 30 minutes to find a game, and end up playing against the exact same team.
Yellow means injured. Which 99.9% of the time means "in combat" but you sometimes get the idiot Pharah who shoots her feet for funsies.
But I still have to suffer through up to 5 rage inducing games, and in the end it doesn't even fucking matter. Though now I can just throw 3 games and get that hell over with.
It's a joke.
It's a rule change that the person running the game (the Dungeon Master, or DM) implements for whatever reason, usually because some player found an exploit in the official rules that made the game unfun for everyone else (or just the DM). Since most DnD games are played at the DM's house, any rule changes implemented by that DM are referred to as house rules since they only exist in that particular house.
I think it's hilarious how no one is pointing out the obvious "hard place" = "Ron Swanson's erect penis" connection. For God's sake, it's a thread about three people having sex, how the fuck is this confusing.
I just want to know why they gave the Inquisitor scoliosis when every other character can stand up straight no problem.
Did you even play Halo? You do NOT fuck around with the Flood. If you miss even a single spore then you risk a galaxy wide infestation. There's a damn good reason that the Flood managed to almost wipe out the early humans and the Forerunner. The Flood isnt some mindless parasite. If the Covenant didn't glass Africa and just flew away to let it destroy humanity then it would eventually gain enough biomass to form a Gravemind. Now you have an intelligent Flood infestation on a planet that contains all of humanity's knowledge, resources, weaponry, and spacecraft. Before you know it the Flood is rampaging across the galaxy in a fleet of dreadnoughts.
