Generally not suspicious means they've got reasonable evidence that it was a suicide or there were obvious natural causes of death. That's interesting in this case (in a dark way, sorry) though because she was found in the river. Presumably there's evidence on her person or nearby that makes them confident she put herself in there.
This sub has been flooded with this sort of talk for a while now. I notice less and less people from the UK are contributing, probably because of the atmosphere built up by brexit users.
Not to worry Scottish Lib Dems, it'll probably just result in a fine that can be forwarded to the JRF to cover.
Communist? I've never seen anything remotely communist over there. Left of centre certainly but given the Labour party seems to be the favourite of /r/unitedkingdom I wouldn't expect many communists.
You're not supposed to do anything other than rent. The rental market needs to be supported don't you know? If they build houses then all of a sudden lots of Tory voters won't have that nice reliable source of income.
I think that a lot of Leave voters will seriously consider their choice of vote for the next GE after what they perceive to be an attack from their own party. Nige has played up to these people and has been trying to get their vote for a while now, he might well cause a rift big enough to achieve electoral success on the back of.
Very sad. Hopefully as they get older they can begin to understand what happened in Syria and hopefully it becomes possible for them to return if they wish. If not then Scotland can only gain from them. Their choice.
I'm a little confused about this article given the recent one in The Courier saying the Tories will split apart as a result of Johnson taking the leadership.
BUT NASHANULISM! I think it's beaten into Labour supporters in this country that believing in self governance makes you no different to UKIP because reasons. I know it annoys them that the sort of blood and soil ethnic nationalism that you find in the rest of the UK is as near as makes no difference absent in Scotland but it's no excuse for utter ignorance either.
Wait, I thought you were making some sort of clever statement based on what Yes voters did to Labour in 2015... Still, I can get behind the sentiment. I think a lot of Conservative voters will feel let down by their party if it's a remain result, I see UKIP as the obvious future choice for those people.
... How many times have you heard "Take Back Control!" I'm no fan of Ruth Davidson but she's at least making an argument.
And she should. She might be able to sort out the UK Tories somewhat.
Countries who trade goods and people as freely as we do in the EU have way less reasons to go to war with each other.
Are we? where? Real life trumpeteers? edit: ohh, I see them.
God only knows. I guess left wing ideas are a hard sell in England these days.
Well, fuck. Hopefully that's an outlier
Aye, even as a remainian I'm in agreement. I'm not sure what a journalist knows about counter terrorism though...
Can we arrange a quick cultural exchange with our friends in the North? :)
I have about 4 games, one of which I play. I think that means I'm old, I haven't played an FPS since counterstrike/q3a and the extent of my gaming these days is solely Cities: Skylines. I can spend hours on perfecting my transport infrastructure and sensibly laying out a sprawling metropolis but all this shooty bangy fast stuff doesn't appeal anymore.
Framed copies of every selfie taken with Sturgeon since 2014
That's perfect man, thanks for the laugh
Can ye fuck. Get out and vote.
Yes.
Farage speaks while the pound tumbles in value...
Very unlikely. Scottish Pound would make more sense now.
Lets ask again now that its actually happened.
Why will things stabilise? A lot of companies now have very little reason to be doing business in the UK.
No, rest assured that every newspaper in the land will be commissioning one though since everyone is asking the same question.
Ach let it go. It doesn't matter now. People are just understanding one of the central arguments of Yes, they may be late to the party but what was a shot in the dark in 2014 is now as clear as can be for many.
I'd vote to leave the UK, again.
Well unless your home is a constituent country of the United Kingdom, probably not.
They could. UN wouldn't be happy with them though, as for whether that matters or not... debatable. I think WM has enough experience in these matters to be very wary about raising tensions in such a way, they know the absolute best reaction would be support for independence spiking and they know they can't deny a referendum forever - eventually a WM government will come along who approve one.
From her statement today she has reverted to her usual self and is vowing to oppose an independence referendum for Scotland. She was elected by precisely the people who voted to Leave in Scotland last night. She won't piss them off.
English speaking EU nations will have an enormous advantage with the UK out of the EU. Scotland has the opportunity to share the benefit of this with Ireland.
Good lads. Rennie had given the impression during the May election campaign that he intended to be hard headed on any future referendum.
There will be lots of polling coming out of Scotland in the coming weeks. You can sense the anger in people I've spoken to already, I've had died in the wool Scottish Tories tell me they now support a second referendum even.
rite
No we're not. Immigration is a reserved matter, UK has a one size fits all policy.
Quelle surprise. P&amp;J is second only to The Scotsman in terms of Scottish Tory rags.
Its incredibly unlikely for that to happen though.
The Principality of London sounds pretty good doesn't it?
Tomkins knows fine well what Sturgeon also knows: WM will be required to overrule the Scottish Parliament. Those of us on the pro-indy side of the argument in Scotland know the effect this will have. I believe even ardent loyalists like Tomkins know the same.
You're a good cunt.
I think the idea of inviting /r/Iceland is an excellent one!
Dense fruitcake wrapped in pastry.
Original article in German: http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2016-06/brexit-schottland-unabhaengigkeit-referendum-reaktionen-konsequenzen
I think in the short term it is realistic to expect Scotland to be worse off. Independence would present a prime opportunity to implement some forward thinking ideas to rectify this though. As part of the union Scotland will never be able to properly tackle its individual economic issues, we will be taken out of a favourable trading bloc by the Westminster government and continue to be governed with a one size fits all policy that is contrary to our individual needs.
Eck seems to just be sitting there with a sort of "this isn't my problem..." expression on his face :)
Why the fuck not?
Yes. How do you think Ireland was allowed to descend into the chaos that resulted? This attitude runs deep in the English national psyche.
Always happy to support people for excellent work. I'll keep mine in my box of interesting things :)
Yep. It would not be acceptable to keep the UKs nukes in an independent Scotland. As regrettable as job losses are, it is not something that can be avoided. UK would not wants its nukes in Scotland just as we wouldn't.
Defensive purposes like any other nation.
You might want to tell that to the top bods in Leave who now seem to think you voted for the EEA then :)
Grew up in Angus - if Goves an Aberdonian I might as well be Jamaican.
Getting through to older people requires getting the media on board, at least as much of it as possible. If the papers all take the same stance as last time we will lose again. Daily papers can sell their readership their political opinions remarkably effectively, obviously some will never support independence but if we can get even some of the more moderate papers on board we stand a chance of being able to counter the inevitable scare tactics employed on pensioners.
Seems like fucky data or highly confused people.
How can it be a one party state? Scotland elects its parliament through PR for christs sake, there's 5 parties represented there. This is some Daily Mail level bullshit and I would have thought that someone with access to the internet and a brain capable of critical thought would realise this.
Might be a fair few abstentions? I don't think any of the other parties besides the Greens will really have their strategy thought out on this one yet.
Yes. Scotland will need to establish a central bank and issue its own currency.
Kezias too busy deciding if she should stab Corbyn in the back too I think.
You'll need to disown and banish Nuttall...
"lefties" no doubt.
Holy fuck I couldn't stop myself shouting the house down when that second one went in. You beautiful Icelandic bastards
HAHAHAHA I suppose now is the time to mention I had £20 on Iceland to win :D
Hahaha, that's a belter.
[North Sentinel Island](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Sentinel_Island). See how they get along with the locals.
But but but wankstained pissgibbons have genuine concerns! We should be listening to them!
I really cannot fathom what the fuck Labour think they are doing right now. If they want to get Corbyn then fine, get Corbyn but pick a better fucking time to do it. The CONSERVATIVES pushed for this referendum to be held and it's been a monumental fucking disaster, the party should be getting absolutely roasted for it and due to all this Labour drama the attention is being diverted from the colossalness of the Tory fuckup. Of course, the Tory fuckup will last longer than the Labour one but the only impression that will be left in voters minds of this period is of equal disunity and incompetence across both parties.
The fact that you're apparently Irish and can post a comment like that surprises me.
Lots of positive noises on Scotland so far. Farage is on now so I've turned it off, better things to do than listen to him. I'll no doubt get the gist of what he's said on the news later.
It's good to see the battle lines being drawn though. I'm not sure the Tories can win this one, they seem to be operating under the assumption that Scottish Tory voters aren't pro-EU and I don't think that's entirely correct. It'll be interesting to see if any of their individual MSPs recognise the potential folly of this.
Yeah, I think they missed a trick with that one. Should have been in a mailshot, would be expensive but it was very well produced and put to bed a lot of the nonsense that was being pushed over the airwaves from the Leave campaign.
66% support sustained for that long is near impossible to achieve in Scotland I suspect. We need to be realistic, there is a portion of our population who are ardently loyalist and will never - under any circumstances - support a referendum to leave the UK. I'm not sure if they constitute 33% or not but I suspect the figure will be close to that.
If that did happen I'm honestly not convinced the UKs reputation would ever recover within the EU.
We're not yours to give.
It doesn't. They were not elected by Scots.
The Telegraph...
She's just Thatcher. I'm not just saying that because she is a Tory woman, she literally is just Thatcher. Has anyone checked her grave?
It doesn't really concern many in Scotland which particular right wing shitepilot the Tories pick to lead them down south. It's as relevant as the Labour leadership challenge will be: not very, they're all tossers.
It's not out of the blue. What is out of the blue is that people now believe they are right to actually express it beyond just nodding in agreement to some vicious tabloid headline or speech by Farage.
More than just people, whenever I switch on the TV and see a news report I get the distinct impression that the media don't believe it'll actually happen. Sure there's the dramatic lead stories and footage of Farage telling the Jerries to go fuck themselves but the overall narrative seems to be one of disbelief and in some cases outright defiance - heavy focus on the doubts around anyone pushing the Article 50 button etc.
Yep. Just look at the rapid growth of BF, EDL and increasingly more openly neo-nazi groups like NA. They've hardly been shy in showing their colours, they're all cut from a similar cloth that mostly settled down in the 90s before springing back up in the 00s.
I spent two years in NZ and could have easily settled there but work prospects were better for me back in the UK. Great country though, I had to think long and hard about leaving.
Pathetic showing. Wheres Gove? Johnson? Cameron clearly has washed his hands of just about everything going on and whilst the UK slips into economic chaos the people who are supposed to be responsible and very likely will be responsible for it shortly are either absent or just don't seem to give a shit. Labour also, what a fucking stupid time to stage a coup. When they had a real chance to capitalise on the mess the Conservatives have made they're barely held together as a party and Corbyn once again refuses to actually go for the jugular.
As predicted, no option other than Indy. Time for the rest of the Scottish political parties to decide their stance: UK out of EU or Scotland in EU.
Yep. UK has ruined its rep in the EU over the years and the ref just finishes that off.
America, we invented roundabouts for this. Get on it.
Ridiculously good if you're the type to get into these sorts of games. I don't treat it as a game, it's more like having a virtual model city set with every piece known to man to use. Hours of tinkering and constructing the ultimate city awaits... Mod/workshop content is key to enjoying it for me, there's just so much of it.
Sounds familiar...
May is a fucking psycho. I wish I could wrap my head around the Tory way of thinking, I really do. This sort of thing just confuses me no end, I want to be able to understand how anyone can look at these people and consider them decent politicians.
Referrandum Day?
I don't think there will be any rush. The groundwork needs to be in place for a genuine case to be made, there certainly cannot be any doubt as to the big questions of EU membership, currency plans etc. The SNP are gradualists, rushing is not in their DNA and despite some members/supporters desire to race into a second indyref it will not happen until the time is right. They didn't get to this point by rushing into things.
I've thought that for a while. Should be required equipment to operate a vehicle.
Ugh.
Aye it very much started again yesterday.
I know a couple like this as well. Spend most of the year in Spain, when they come back it's like listening to a human issue of the Daily Express, immigrants are ruining this country etc. Casual racism is the norm, throwing around words like 'paki' as if its a normal thing to do. Then they fuck off back to Spain. I've little doubt that they would have voted Leave.
It'll be right back on the table once she is elected. Just watch. An authoritarian like May doesn't change her spots overnight, she just knows that there's a certain amount of Tories who she needs to gain the support of at this time.
Coward.
More of a necessity that anything at this point. Eagle is no better than Corbyn if leadership is what they're looking for surely?
Statement from Carney.
I've heard the odd comment from people but for the most part people are fine with anyone who comes to work and pay tax. There will always be xenophobes in any country but they form no more significant a minority in Scotland than anywhere else. I think the initial wariness of Polish immigration is long gone though, I mean plenty of those first Polish people who came over have settled and raised families here etc. I think there's a broad recognition of the fact that Scotlands population needs to grow and we're not really having huge success in attracting people here over England. Due to long standing links between Scotland and Poland there may well be a more positive impression of Polish people amongst some Scots who know their history.
Then take it back. The fascist right have been defeated in Europe before, we'll do it again.
Scotland probably isn't the best place to find surprised opinions on the Conservative party given our long standing national distaste for them - only recently have they even stood the slightest chance up here. But yes, I do struggle to understand the mindset of their supporters, particularly the UK Conservatives as they all seem like such a slimy bunch... but then again I'm not a Tory, I clearly lack the gene to understand the appeal of bastards.
Fucks sake.
Put it this way: the Scottish Ambulance Service is the only ambulance service in the UK to operate fixed wing aircraft for a reason. It's expensive to provide adequate services in remote areas.
Really disappointed with how the media are reporting this. I mean I understand the need to report it but it's clear that the term 'fix room' is pretty pejorative and carries with it some negative connotations when the real aim is to reduce crime and improve the health of addicts. I'm behind the idea though, always supported the establishment of these facilities in Scotland. Drug addiction should be treated as a health issue only and the involvement of the criminal justice system in tackling it has had zero positive effect, time to try something different.
Winds up the brexiteers.
Should people have the right to not have imposed upon them something they specifically rejected by a large majority? Aye, I suppose.
Spot on. I always see it in the same way as when politicians on the right praise the NHS, emergency services etc... all they have is praise, nothing concrete like improved pay or working conditions. It's all about attempting to butter up the audience and most concerned see right through it.
Time to take the plunge, I really enjoyed this although I'm not sure the drill did.
Apathy.
If that is the case why does support/opposition for independence remain pretty much the same as the 2014 result? The SNP held the first referendum when a significant majority of Scots were anti-independence, why should it be different now? I know the unionist media seem to think it necessary to have their blessing to hold a referendum but I'm not sure the SNP should follow that thinking.
Just an old lamp, found it at a salvage yard. A quick google shows some kits of the same stuff though but given prices I'd say try thrift stores etc for old lamps first.
That'd be a dream, not something I'm thinking about just yet though. Do you? I think maybe I watch too much youtube and in comparison my own wood skills seem lacking.
Christ, they don't give up do they? Someone tell the right wing rags the election is over.
A match made in hell.
Good luck. I've always preferred the non-agency flats I've lived in because you have direct contact with the owner and they've all been reasonable in letting me change minor stuff but agencies sometimes make that difficult.
I wouldn't rely on Scots Tories, they were quite happy to forget about their pro-remain principles post referendum. They're all about the party and will do as they're told.
They're one of my favourites too, looks good and you've really managed to make these look like through-tenons, I didn't notice until I read the comment pointing it out.
Good one :)
&gt; "not going to agree to anything that could be construed as back-door funding to Northern Ireland". Like they were ever going to ask that useless bastards opinion.
&gt; Not really an identifiable party of English nationalism UKIP fit that bill, they made plenty of noise about Barnett this election too.
This time its cash for sash
Since they had the downright temerity to support self-governance, the nasty nat bastards.
No doubt the majority of them would describe themselves as unionists also.
Ahh democracy.
Scottish Greens.
Whats the point in wasting money standing in FPTP elections you can't win? Just to please unionists who won't vote for them anyway?
Let's be honest though - even if the SNP won at Holyrood again in 2021 with a manifesto pledge to hold a referendum the unionists would refuse to acknowledge it and we'll just be back at the same place. There are no circumstances now (as far as I can see) where unionist parties will agree to another referendum.
Aye, I'm sure the Westminster parliament will really listen to the SNP... It's Labour who need to be pushing federalism and they consistently fail to do so for the simple reason that England does not want it.
He doesn't like reality. I'll just leave him to it.
Yeah, you could. Google isn't a government though.
I wouldn't choose to call myself British, no. I mean that's for reasons beyond brexit but it hardly helps to be represented by a bunch of delusional right wingers.
Disgraceful. Many people with many reasons to dislike the Tories, doesn't justify abuse and grafitti etc but unfair to blame Labour.
Yep, although a certain amount move into private work or into other areas of NHS the majority will just take a far less stressful/better paid job elsewhere. I've known of people ditching it to go work in supermarkets - similar pay, far better conditions.
So Theresa's SoS for Scotland lies and she doesn't want to admit to it.
That's hilarious. It was just some twitter wind up and Tory journos fell for it.
Doesn't really seem fair on the dog, everyone knows dogs hate Tories too.
Beautiful work, how is the birch to turn?
Aye, I suppose it's changed days. I used to go with my mum to the post office to collect the child benefit, I suppose now it's all paid into bank accounts so not so obvious. I still think it's a particularly cruel and callous policy though and I'm not convinced it'll have any effect other than to further child poverty.
Could well be, I suppose easiest way to clear that up is to email record - i'll get round to that.
I'm not sure the Tories have ever owned up to an error, certainly nothing as big as this. I really can't see it happening, too many careers and reputations on the line for the brexit ship to change course in any meaningful way. They'll muddle through and if it doesn't go well they'll attempt to deflect blame.
I'm sure brexit will help.
I believe its decided by the SoS for Northern Ireland, James Brokenshire. Hell of a decision to make, both will kick off a shitstorm. Personally I think another assembly election is the one likely to cause less of a shitstorm but it'll be a grubby campaign, especially after last time.
It'll be fine, I'm sure. Tories will look after us.
Cringe.
Tories were about to lose a vote so had to u-turn to take it off the table.
I'll fight for him.
Good.
Mon the Québecois!
Yep. In the places where I've seen a bottle/can deposit scheme it just becomes normal to take your empties to the supermarket, feed them in the machine and use the returned value against your shopping.
The bisacodyl will probably beat the loperamide. Might still be a bit of a struggle but bisacodyl is some feral stuff, I think you'll be fine lad.
Aye great, just keep pumping out the shite. British print media is a global joke because of this attitude. You should expect better.
True. Have they ever got to the bottom of who wrote that awful manifesto? It was like she was trying to throw the election, if she couldn't have relied on brexiteer votes she would have been fucked.
That was the story but Timothy is still around in some capacity isn't he? Not heard much about Fiona Hill, I'd honestly be surprised of they were that influential and were properly exiled though, might have been more of a media stunt.
Aye, when I think radical I think Jackie Baillie and Iain Gray.
Chase them out while you've got the chance. They'll do their best to infect Irish politics if they're not dealt with.
My googling shows that Ireland is spending more on healthcare than Scotland...
? You're in /r/Scotland arguing your position as an Irish person? OK? I don't really know what I'm supposed to make of this comment. I wouldn't expect you to have a position on Scotland's governance...
What? stop that.
What the fuck is the Transport minister doing in Qatar? This is like when the Scotland minster fucked of to Paraguay for a holiday and tried to pretend he was working. These Tories are taking the piss out of the public.
Try governing your country properly? Here's to the protesters, hopefully change is coming.
Wtf I read that thinking I had to be reading newsthump or something...
Agreed. There's a danger of SNP MPs forgetting why they've been elected in many cases. Losing sight of the fact that every vote for the SNP is supposed to be a vote for an independent Scotland isn't a good thing. Don't get me wrong, they can do more than push for independence but to pretend it isn't an issue is foolish.
&gt; Is 22 years old old enough to take anything extremists say seriously? As a fully capable, mentally mature adult...? Yeah, it's old enough.
No chance, especially since the industry has become so highly politicised. Plenty of politicians will stand up to offer a free for all in return for votes.
Country with much more thinly spread population and distant island communities costs more to provide health services than country with dense population. Country with need for an ambulance service operating fixed wing aircraft more expensive than country with no need. Country with higher proportion of elderly, retired people living in remoter areas costs more than country with more younger people living in cities. See how this goes?
What a broken fucking system. The place is overflowing with useless old codgers gathering dust on the occasions they show up for their allowance. Every fucking year it grows because the crony-balance of the place has to be maintained. A small handful do a good job, the rest are just rejected politicians from both sides who no longer have to worry about being booted out of office, a glut of toffs and people there because of their religion.
Just go out and practice somewhere quiet - between some shipping containers or whatever. Best tip is to just start turning quickly to hard lock when your rear window lines up with the bumper of the car alongside you. Works most of the time.
They're going to attack Labour regardless of what they do. Why the hell do you care? It's not like the DM are ever going to be anything other than frothing, reactionary right wingers. Fuck 'em. They can be taken on.
Fat bastards.
Well.. yeah. He's not a suitable leader. Of course, that hasn't stopped the Tories electing some real horrors in the past though. It's quite clear that a stuck up caricature like JRM isn't the sort of person to take on Corbyn though.
Probably not. Over the years Barrs have adjusted a lot of their recipes to use less sugar. I think it has been done for cost reasons, stuff like their cola, red cola, pinappleade, limeade, cream soda etc. all use a mix of sugar and sweeteners these days. They probably think they can do the same thing with Irn Bru - maybe they're right though, mixing sugar with artificial sweeteners is less noticeable than switching to 100% artificial sweeteners. They do use the cheapest sweeteners available though, better ones like sucralose are more expensive.
So much of the UK media is guilty of promoting the far right and making her career a viable one. I realise the 'respectable' media dropped her a while ago but they provided her with her launchpad. Maybe think a little more about the kind of toxic personalities that are being given a route to career success. I think the next one will be Isabel Oakeshott, she's pushing the arsehole angle harder than ever and still gets her slot on Question Time.
She's taking the UK out of the EU. She's doing what UKIP want. What the fuck is wrong with these stupid kipper bastards? The UK was always independent.
A whole generation is.
I can't work out why Theresa doesn't realise that cutting a few of these arseholes in her party down to size would do a world of good for her public image.
Write an apology note and deliver it to them by tying it to a brick and throwing it into the shop at night.
I see the OBFA as an effort to tackle sectarianism in Scottish society, a very long standing problem with a history of violence. We don't have a long standing problem of alt-right fuckwits making edgy videos about nazi dogs. Lets say in fifty years (or whatever) that we have the problem of a communities of alt-right fuckwits who have turned their alt-right fuckwittery into a sort of sport, or made sure it's associated with a sport. Lets say that alt-right fuckwits form a football team and generate a huge following of alt-right fuckwit fans who then get into fights with other alt-right fuckwits, involving innocent bystanders and the sketchy support of even worse groups of fuckwits with a habit of shooting or blowing up people. Then we might need legislation to try and tackle that.
There's absolutely no reason to consider him a liberal in a British political context. You used it to mean the American definition if "he's not a frothing right winger" Sorry but you could quite easily hop on Twitter and look at this guy's support not to mention the fact he's dragged along that alt right poster girl to his trial. He's been pictures with Tommy fucking Robinson you clown. What the hell has happened to people's critical thinking abilities?
Why the hell does the EC not do it's own ongoing investigations? Why is it always the case that stuff needs to be brought to them before they'll take the initiative and look into it? Do they just have no capacity to root out breaches? edit: jesus Tom Gordon branded this as an exclusive... doesn't that usually apply to a story that the journo themselves dug up and not one stolen from a blog?
It's actually quite cheap. That's part of the problem.
&gt; "understand you are different in a divisive way and people wont like you for it, so get on with life" Holy fuck. Fuck you man, seriously.
British farmers will be crushed by US imports in many cases. Land is cheap out there and production costs are lower. This isn't just an issue for consumers, farmers should really be asking questions of the brexiteers and their motivations because many of them should fear the possibility of being forced to compete with a farming industry across the Atlantic.
Yeah. If what has emerged recently is in any way true people should be very concerned about the apparent ill health of the US president.
Well I'd argue that he made a political mistake in that it has caused severe damage to his party's brand. They're suffering now because of that decision. I don't doubt he took the decision for good reasons, I just don't think the long term effect was considered.
The problem with Labour is that they are supposed to be a member led party in terms of policy. There's no denying that they have a problem in that the membership, supporters and voters aren't exactly of the same opinion but if attempting to solve this dilemma means ignoring the membership... that's not sustainable imo, they're going to kick off an almighty war in their party if they don't find a solution.
Good man. We need to get over this apparent fear of declaring yourself to be pro-EU (and/or anti-Brexit). We didn't see any similar hesitations amongst eurosceptics pre-referendum and we (naturally) don't see it post-referendum. They're brexiteers and they're proud of it, they're openly hostile to Europe and proud of it. If you believe brexit is shit then you should also remember that there's a huge pool of voters who agree. Having principles is not a bad thing, voters like to know what they're getting in fact. Being too wishy washy, too afraid, too scared of the consequences leads to politicians who flip-flop on issues and voters hate that. Adonis doesn't have to worry about being elected, that probably makes it a lot easier for him to be hostile towards brexit but it's also not guaranteed that similar hostility towards brexit would be the kiss of death for an elected politician either. 48% represents a _lot_ of votes up for grabs and Theresa May/UKIP aren't interested in those votes, they've gone out of their way to ignore them in fact. Someone needs to step up and benefit from these people who are currently largely unrepresented on the issue of brexit.
I'll be honest and state that pretty much everything you've mentioned just makes me cringe. I view most of the pageantry, silly outfits and idolisation much as I do when I see it going on in North Korea. I accept that I'm in the minority there though so for the most part I hold my tongue. I'm just waiting for the opportunity to move on from this embarassing and (in my view) pointless traditionalism through democratic means.
Express have been sitebanned for vote manipulation. Express &amp; DM are banned from wikipedia (wikipedia for fucks sake) due to ongoing accuracy problems.
I'll probably just pretend to abandon but quietly look on in horror. Like a nasty car crash.
Ahh yeah I remember that. I always kick myself for spending the time to think of someone I'd consider slightly obscure when I could have just come out with some big names and still won. Politics is one of my favourite categories along with chemical elements. Seaborgium is a consistent winner.
Yeah. I've always wondered if there's a sort of strategy guide in play amongst the SNP leadership that largely amounts to "ignore them" because it often feels like that is the tactic that's being used. I suppose in some respects it could be seen as a good tactic though... in political terms the SNP haven't been phased by a near universally hostile and powerful media. Possibly slightly in recent years - it could well change. It's been pretty solidly going on for over ten years now though, it ramps up every now and then but there's a lot of evidence that points to the the press (and the opposition via the press) being pretty unimportant these days. I'd hope that strategy would change in response to evidence though, I feel that maybe there's been a slight softening of behaviour and rhetoric under Sturgeon but I can't point to anything in particular... maybe I just miss the regular roasting that Alex Salmond dished out to many of his opponents over the years.
There's also this very obvious reluctance to emulate a lot of European models. The UK gov seems to spend a lot of time coming up with solutions to issues and policies that often seem to ignore evidence that could be easily found in neighbouring countries. There's a sense of stubbornness to a lot of British politics, a belief that emulation is somehow weak.
Corbyn's only use is in winding up Tories. Sorry Labour folk but you've elected a brexiteer.
You're the fool and your party are as complicit as the Tories in this brexit disaster.
Let's not also forget them going into coalition with Tories in local elections. Labour have some big questions to answer in Scotland over their loyalties, for the most part they're just let away with this sort of shenanigans.
Green, PC. It's easier to describe such a grouping as "everyone who isn't a Tory"
Looking forward to the tapes. Also expecting the inevitable appeal to peoples emotions that is going to form the basis of the Trump defence - after all if he didn't know what he was doing how can he be guilty?
Free in '23!
Jaysis - why so expensive? You can buy bundles like this from Indian supermarkets here in the UK... it's not exactly cheap but it's not expensive either. I think a lot is produced in the UK though because of the demand for it in Indian cuisine, I've never had any luck growing it at home or outside though so I suspect it's done indoors under lights and climate control.
Unreal.
'confronts' Settle down, I saw the interview. It's not a tough one for her. Theresa May has fuck all to worry about in a Marr interview. It's just treated as a jolly jape, an opportunity to get her face under favourable lighting and a very light questioning.
You know what, given this government that wouldn't seem so fucking odd. Fuck it - go all out. Make it Redwood or someone like that.
I was out at a sort of experimental area just last week where they were testing what sort of effect tree planting has on sheep production. Apparently (according to the information board) they had found the sweet spot where they saw no significant detriment to sheep production, it involved careful planting of different species though. They found the traditional cash crop/monoculture type planting to be problematic but if they split up the fast growing coniferous trees with enough native species hardwoods and left enough land completely bare then they could raise the same number of sheep on the land. It was quite interesting seeing it actually happening - could see all the different test patches where they had planted different types of trees etc. The conclusion they seemed to be coming to was that the traditional idea of removing all trees from the land wasn't necessary and that land used for sheep farming can easily support thoughtful replanting.
lol there's a bot malfunctioning in the comments
lol I didn't realise that Justine Greening was on Theresa's shitlist - what's she done wrong? I mean she's not remarkable in any way but surely that's not such a bad thing? DWP is very much a fuck-you position to give someone.
That's a "fuck you" role and you know it.
Aye, she's a real horror. I can't work out why she wasn't the first choice for DWP though - she's perfect. Why did Theresa try to fuck over Justine Greening?
I don't think so. I think the only way comments appear on an article concerning Scotland is if it has been picked up by the 'national' news. Of course it's always a shitshow since HYS seems to attract the very worst of angry British pensioners, Russian bots and assorted agitators. It's like fucking YouTube in there.
Great result. Arsehole company though - you'd have thought the DM is very compatible with their beliefs. It's probably the racism that did it though, even arsehole companies don't want to associate their brand with that.
Wappy you seem to answer your own question. You're not particularly concerned about the EU - you voted remain but you don't think it's very important. You'd like to be in the EU but you don't value it above the UK. For many in the SNP this isn't the case. They value the EU more than they do the UK. That shouldn't really be that difficult to wrap your head around. It's not your opinion but it's not really that radical an opinion either.
Because Labour don't want to talk about it. In Scotland brexit remains deeply unpopular and in England they need to keep up the charade of wanting something different to the Tories. They've decided to lie their way out of this mess.
Bring it on, ya swine.
He might want to ask his party about that... The fact that he hasn't makes it quite likely that he knows the answer they'll give him and would rather just ignore them.
That's amazing. You'd think if you were going to call in with trolling intentions you'd at least consider your strategy a little.
Same. You need to wave here or you'll be left in the rain a lot.
Poor oppressed white men :(
I'm not even sure they themselves know half the time. They just see something that triggers them and begin frothing about Corbyn.
No you're right, I'd be bloody surprised if it starts becoming a real thing being pushed by Labour in England though.
Because the Lib Dems lost a lot of trust in 2010 and haven't done much to regain it. There probably isn't much they can do other than wait, people will forgive and forget but for many younger voters it's still quite fresh in the mind.
Not a hope in hell, he's going to struggle to scrape a win as it is. He won't risk a proposal for breaking up England.
I mean it's not completely out there to assume that SIU or a group like them have their MP backers... is it? Even that wouldn't be necessary, could quite easily be coordination between unionist MPs through a number of means. They seem to be very comfortable in their common ground.
It's not like policy is being formed based on public opinion though, is it? They'll ignore polls even if they show a majority in disagreement with current policy. They've taken enough time to get to where they are, no way are they going to reconsider now. People took way too long to get to grips with what brexit really meant anyway, the GE was an opportunity to send a signal and most people clearly hadn't given it much thought by then.
Life imo.
I'd be tempted to ask for the chef so I can ask him what the fuck I'm supposed to do with this.
I like how they're convinced I give a fuck about cricket. Maybe if they keep showing me it I'll eventually know what the fuck is going on and why I should care...
The squealing of free marketeer types is pretty funny. Nobody is being censored when people vote with their wallets, all that happens is that a media organisation either modify their behaviour or lose out. Besides, if these media organisations are as important as they seem to think they are they should have no problem replacing lost revenue. If they can't then they will fail - that's business.
Hahaha Gina Miller. The brexiteers are going to be entertainingly salty.
True that, I think to get some decent answers it'd have to be a sort of political quiz type survey. I'd imagine most people wouldn't be able to identify as belonging to any particular political philosophy without a quiz.
I'd be surprised if it happened. Tories have no reason to fear UKIP anymore, they've absorbed most of the UKIP vote and Farage is now just an angry little man who can be safely ignored.
I couldn't quite work out what Ruth was getting at... is she trying to pretend that she would be spending more on health... as a Tory? I just can't work out what her angle is other than "everything is shit and it's your fault" - what's her alternative plan?
Scary brexit lady
Since it's for spoons, go out and see what you can get for free. I always see lots of fallen birch when I'm out, I bring home limbs all the time for cutting up and turning.
Clearly he's not that strong...
Because the people who put him there are too scared (fuck knows why) of him to do anything about it. Boris should be punted back where he belongs: backbenches alongside all the other frothing, dusty old brexiteers.
Yeah it doesn't look likely, she'd need Labour help to form a sort of unionist coalition. Labour are stupid but they're not stupid enough to (officially) help a Tory into the position of FM. Still though to come out with a statement that amounts to "elect me FM or I'll go to Westminster" is very dumb, it's going to rub a lot of people up the wrong way. I was pretty surprised she came out with it, seemed like a serious judgement error. I'd also argue this "get on with brexit" stance is a judgement error too, not sure who she's been talking to but brexit remains deeply unpopular in Scotland and this idea that a majority of Scots want to see it just gotten on with doesn't seem grounded in reality.
A unionist coalition could get either Ruth Davidson or Richard Leonard in the FM job though. But I know thats pie in the sky stuff, they couldn't lower themselves to that. I think the most likely result next time round is another SNP minority gov.
Ah, fash.
I think such a concentration of stupid in one studio might open up some sort of tear in space time. Can't risk it.
Why are the brexiteers so keen to give all the credit to Sadiq Khan and Jeremy Corbyn lol? Do they not realise that Trump isn't a popular figure? to credit those two with the fact he's too scared to visit the UK is doing them a PR favour.
Worry? Who needs to worry? They've got enough gov contracts that they can't be allowed to fail. I suppose some shareholders should be concerned but that's the risk you take. They'd be facing a total loss of this was a normal company.
Fuckin' raging, had a tool mishap today and have made a ton of work for myself. Aside from that I intend on sitting around this weekend and getting stuck into more Dungeon Keeper, last played it in the 90s and re-bought it the other month... forgot how good it is.
She's a list MSP, she has precisely fuck all duties.
Awesome, I was wondering if there had been any modern attempts at building on it. I'm playing through Deeper Dungeons now, never played the expansion back in the day. It's a lot harder, they ramped up the difficulty a lot with these maps and changed the AI I think.
It's predictably apathetic. A lot of people in Britain are largely apathetic towards politics, even those who engage in the process of democracy. A lot of people will just ignore the whole topic for the most part, the whole 'oh well, get on with it' argument is designed to appeal to these people and it's a sensible enough strategy, they're a huge voting bloc.
Actually had no idea, saw it on the news today and I don't think the EU was mentioned once.
Pretty sure that's not supposed to happen :) Looks like it's brought a bearing and circlip out with it too... Return it, looks like a factory dud. While it probably is fixable it's not worth your time.
British doctors are (justifiably) scared of habit forming drugs. Trust me - you don't want an entire generation of anxious young people dependent on strong benzodiazipines. I realise that alprazolam (Xanax) is a very effective drug but it's the habit forming potential of it that will cause problems. For many people it is far better to encourage behaviours to tackle (or at the very least learn to live with) their anxiety. Sometimes short term medication is appropriate though and British doctors will prescribe short term diazepam in these instances, try asking! I'm an anxious type, I have dental phobia. I've gone to my GP and got small doses of diazepam which help. You're not going to get a wonder-pill though, you'll get a few 2mg tablets to help - you're not going to get enough benzo's to make you completely numb to the world and all the things that cause anxiety. Alprazolam is on a different level of potency though and while I totally understand that it feels like a wonder-drug in how it affects an anxious person it is habit forming and you quickly develop a tolerance. People come to rely on benzo's and that's not a good thing. It would be nice if the UK/NHS had better, more comprehensive mental health facilities to help people with anxiety. I totally agree with this, for many people the long term medication options for anxiety (SSRI's) aren't ideal and the long waiting lists for any other treatment options (if they're even offered) aren't ideal either.
Laughing at the guy who's dusted off his Grassroots Out t-shirt. They were the racist, unhinged side of Leave, weren't they? Or was that Leave.EU?
Awa' wi ye, that was oors in 2014! Those brexiteer fuds stole a lot of our slogans.
That's kinda interesting - never saw the gallows bit featured in British reports on this. Did I just miss that?
See I would class this as incitement to political violence. I realise that UKIP have to toe a fine line here, it's part of their brand to whip people into a froth but let's say if Momentum were making tweets like this, telling their supporters to prepare for war etc. I would fully expect there to be howls of anger and faux-outrage from the right (and justifiably so, political movements ramping up rhetoric to this extent shouldn't be tolerated in democratic countries). The only reason they'll get away with this sort of thing is sympathy from the traditional right and the fact that everyone knows UKIP is pretty much dead, their wheezing followers don't pose much of a threat to anyone.
[Paul Sellers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krAIHRCx9R0) has a good video on spoon carving. I think he uses a bandsaw to cut the shape but you don't need one, a coping saw would work fine. His whole channel is worth a look - he teaches stuff very well and has a focus on hand tools.
Not even going to bother, you can google if you like.
I believe it does, I've seen a video of someone testing it and after the warnings were ignored it took the nearest exit from the highway, slowed down and pulled off the road.
Then he's an idiot.
Who knew tango man was such a sensitive sort :(
Wear a spit hood, it's going to get nasty in there.
Looking forward to the referendum in that case!
Unfortunately brexit is going to make this a whole lot easier for May. There's a very obvious desire to just shrug shoulders and avoid defeats for the government and it's going to inevitably let bad legislation through.
A standard grade means you're the metropolitan elite, what hope do people like you and I have in understanding the salt of the earth leave voters down south?
I think there would have been a revolt had the SNP changed their stance on the EU. It's a party with a lot of young, remain voting members with no shortage of European identity.
brexit defence force assemble!
He can feel however he wants - Scottish teachers wouldn't make the kids sing that dirge.
Weird poll - the bulk of the lost votes presumably going to the Greens?
Do UKIP even have the ability to stand in Scottish seats? They seem to have completely given up in Scotland.
Brexit. Corbyn has started to firm up on his pro-brexit stance, that won't help him in Scotland.
This. I've no interest in Scotland being a giant retirement home. It's bad enough as it is. More young people please, more immigrants.
You can't make this shit up. Kezia - having told people to vote Tory and to vote against self governance - has the cheek to cry shame against her Tory bedfellows. The really fucking sad thing is how this apparently works, although in Kezia's case it's likely that people have finally taken notice.
SIU's brexity, populist wing. Kippers and loyalists, they'll get nowhere in Scotland. SIU realise that to appeal you need to keep the extremists at bay, they were probably glad to lose this lot.
The Labour parliamentary group genuinely seem... dim. Does anyone else think that? Maybe it's just people like James Kelly that do it but I get the feeling there's a lot of clip on ties and shoes that fasten with velcro amongst that lot. How many of them even managed to rise through the ranks I'll never know.
I thought they would do that but after 2017 it seems like they've realised they've nobody to back besides her so resorted to trying to build sympathy for her. Maybe in the future it'll change though, she's a pathetic figure but she must know how it has gone in the past and that they will likely turn on her when they've got a preferred candidate to get behind.
Left lane.
Politics 101 Don't appoint an idiot as your finance spokesman. This isn't the first time Kelly has made an utter fool of himself either - he has form here.
Why would a life long eurosceptic vote remain though? I realise that the assertion that Corbyn voted remain is because that is what he has said he did... but really it wouldn't make any sense if he had done so. Of course nobody will ever know, it's just that given the benefit of a long parliamentary career and opinions on record it'd be slightly odd if he did vote remain.
Voting no just facilitates brexit and its damaging effects on Scotland. The choice in any future indyref held in the next couple of years is independence or brexit led by Tories. That's the choice that will be offered.
She won't be allowed to make mistakes like that again I don't think. The party have taken control of her, she probably got a proper talking to after that fuck up. The threat of a no confidence motion was put out in the press, the message was made quite clear. Hence the rumour being that she was close to breakdown prior to the Queens speech. She was forced to get rid of the people around her also - she's no longer in control.
I realise the effort has to be made but it all seems a bit symbolic and pointless. It's not likely that the HoL - stuffed full of unionists under party whip and party cronies - are going to knock legislation back to the commons because it doesn't respect the devolution settlement. They don't want to kick off an argument with the commons that would inevitably descend into an argument on the future role of the HoL. Devolution isn't worth that to them, even the ones who will no doubt agree that the legislation as it stands is an attack on the constitutional settlement of the UK. Not one of them has to worry about their jobs or any backlash from Scotland. There's very little reason for them to do anything other than wave this through.
The membership seem unwilling to speak up or haven't noticed. They're supposed to be deciding Labour policy yet very few seem to remember this.
Sunday Politics is Andrew Neil's personal soapbox, it's not surprising he surrounds himself with like-minded people.
That's not true. You have to ignore council tax for that to be true. Life in England is - on the whole - more expensive thanks to higher council tax rates, tuition fees, prescription charging and a whole raft of other things that make Scotland a cheaper place to live.
Who'd have thought... It's almost as if throwing contracts to party donors who work as middle men and fleece subcontractors might come back to bite one in the arse when it becomes apparent that they're all incompetent, crony bastards whose primary motive is profit. Government can do everything the private sector can do for less. The only thing stopping that from happening is failed ideology that few in politics are willing to question - after all, there's lots of potential to be proven a fool.
I am mere pleb, I have no experience of the high life :)
They don't need a panel of experts. It's because limiting supply drives up prices.
Just so long as UK authorities get to question him as well - after all it would seem a bit amiss to just hand him over to the USA given his activities here.
Kippers returning to their natural home.
Farage isn't an MP.
&gt; and he's not even a Brexiteer. They are by proxy.
No they won't. Visa/MC would just ignore the BBFC. Why would they care what the British regulator thinks?
Actually one resigned because he refused to even go to the diversity training nonsense Ruth was forced to put him through :) Just that racist. I only learned this recently, seems the media went very quiet on that whole scandal
I'm not talking about their activities in the UK though. Say Visa/MC process credit card details for an American hosted, American owned porn site. They're not going to demand that site start doing age verification just because that site could be accessed by British people, for one it's not hosted in a territory that requires it and two they like the business. It is far more likely that sites that do not comply will simply be blocked to the UK, no legal action will be brought against a site that isn't accessible to the UK and Visa/MC don't have to lose a customer. I really don't understand why it would be the case that they drop customers when the option is open for that customer to simply not comply and have their site blocked to the UK market. Not that this law is going to last long, this is Theresa unhinged and she's gone too far. Voters like a wank, they don't like handing their credit card details over to porn sites.
They're supposed to. Now I don't know if QT care or if people are honest. Councillors and ex-candidates show up all the time (from all parties). In Scotland it's always a game of spot the Tory councillor.
Yeah why not, the lords are a big enough slap in the face of democracy... might as well go all out eh Jacob? Wanker.
Spineless.
The fact it was on The Today Programme just makes it better.
Oil salaries and conditions make those in the industry exist in a bit of a bubble. I've never seen a city like Aberdeen anywhere else in the world, the place empties by lunchtime on Friday. Quite an odd working culture.
Yeah. This guy is a shitty celebrity. Kids need to get better celebrities, YouTube is full of these clean shirt, bleach haired wanks. The internet hasn't been 100% the great thing my generation thought it would be. We didn't see this shit coming.
Of course! What do you have in the way of tools? If you look at this bench it's a very simple construction really. Now I'm not saying you won't have to learn anything but in terms of projects this is quite simple. So long as you can measure lengths, mark 45 degree angles and cut the pieces accurately then you can make this. You might have to make some cuts more than once due to mistakes, you will have to learn to accurately set your tools or if doing this all by hand then you'll have to learn to saw accurately, you'll have to learn to laminate pieces together (which also means learning to square off and dimension your individual pieces), you will have to learn how to clamp and glue your mitre joints, you'll have to learn about sanding and finishing... But that's all very doable. It'll just take a while but spend enough hours in the workshop learning how to do this stuff and you can make this piece.
It's a complete vote loser in England. Even federalists know it, there won't be much fuss kicked up about Corbyn. England is quite happy the way things are.
The government May was a part of? She can't just shirk responsibility like that - she's not some new entry to the Conservative Party.
Fucks sake not this guy again. He's testing people I think. The majority seem to think he's a wank but that it's not illegal to be a wank and he should be let off, this alt-right campaigning he's doing isn't helping him though.
Slightly worrying isn't it. We all know that in the USA there has been incidents involving radicalised redditors, it's not out there to think it could happen here too.
Like a haggis fritter? Just serve it properly (traditionally) if you're going to serve it, the bulk of people down there will refuse to eat it anyway.
There's Loki securing his next BBC appearance
Digital angle gauge for sure, takes a lot of frustration out of setting up a cut (for me anyway, my mitre saws angle scale sucks). I'd say a diamond sharpening stone or two is a good purchase too, traditional oil stones are a bit of a fuss in comparison. Any sort of honing guide also, basically the two things that make sharpening less of a ballache.
wikileaks. Ruth Smeeth appeared in a diplomatic cable as a "strictly protect" source, she was passing information to the Americans about the potential GE Gordon Brown was going to hold. It's a pretty shitty article if it doesn't understand the reason people called her a CIA asset...
Fair play for the article BBC but perhaps think twice before promoting fake news...
This. The stated preferred outcome of the UK gov - free trade with the EU - kills this particular (and favourite) unionist argument. Of course it should always just be read as the weak threat it is, it's people saying "well fuck you, we'll stop trading with you" as if that's actually ever going to happen. Just fantasies.
Just ignoring brexit are we? Not happening? Is that patriotism too?
It's true, they're playing a very risky game allowing extremists into positions of influence and I just hope they're on their toes about keeping them under control. Having to rely on the votes of religious fundamentalist loyalists is very risky, I remember all the quotes from prominent Tories warning of this. Theresa has hopefully learned to not take risks like that again.
It's a really simple answer: because the governance from Brussels isn't overbearing and in most cases is beneficial. The idea that the EU and the UK are similar unions just doesn't seem the case to me, the EU seems to respect national parliaments for one. I'd like Scotland to have the same representation as all other EU nations in fact, Scotland hasn't had that as part of the UK.
The fact that this particular lie was never properly reported is worrying. The 350m a week bus was bad enough and has received plenty of criticism but this is on a whole other level of scumbaggery from the leave campaign.
Boris is - of course - lying. Given the extremely negative press surrounding this event he has little choice but to lie.
Trust the Germans to just do things better. Nothing worse than trying to open the first aid kit, pulling everything out, finding the box for the bandaids, opening the box without getting blood all over everything... I've mostly given up on bandaids/plasters though. Electrical tape solves most of my bleeding problems, CA glue for anything it cant.
Indians aren't particularly good at avoiding accidents even when they are paying attention.
The earth can handle a lot more people. Of course that assumes good governance. India has a lot of people but it also has poor governance and poor investment in infrastructure. I think a lot of people just have faith that eventually all nations will catch up with each other.
EU seem good at handing out proper fines, at the very least.
Three of those aren't particularly 'strong', they're hard. I don't think Theresa is hard, she's easily shook and a few times seems to have been very close to breaking down completely. I suppose it depends how you want to define strong though.
Well they kinda already have done so since there's another couple of articles from yesterday clearly designed to inflame the issue. If anything the best that can be said is that they've provided balance on the issue.
I'm not so sure we can really say how people are supposed to live with any sort of certainty. City life didn't spring from nowhere. Technological progress and the growth of our species can't really be fought, the best thing to do is to accomodate it in all the ways we can. Sulking and fighting a fruitless war to turn back the clock isn't going to work I don't think.
I suspect strict liability is the answer. Force the teams to solve the problem.
They lied about bots in the USA, they're lying about it in the UK. Twitter has to be very careful, their brand isn't exactly in the best condition.
Shouldn't have voted for it then you stupid bastards.
Italy almost certainly brought the deep fried pizza to Scotland. Lots of Scottish fish &amp; chips shops run by Scots-Italian families! It's just that in Italy they take a nice pizza and use a light batter. In Scotland we take the cheapest pizza money can buy, coat it in thick batter and fry the fucker next to the pies and black puddings and then eat the thing with a mountain of greasy chips.
I can't even imagine what it'd be like... they're two such contradictory flavours.
I dunno... I think when the aliens arrive they'll probably make a noise like that from their giant mothership. It's quite unsettling.
This is probably my favourite IASIP scene. It's Charlie's shot, the way he punches the mascots nose instead of the guy inside makes me laugh every time
I'm pretty sure Forsyth and Oborne are there to fulfill the foamer quota.
Yeah, seems stupid. They were in unmarked vehicles, just follow the guy to avoid any risk of a chase.
Hey, it could happen. It'll take a hell of a shift in policy though...
They're not exactly scary, they're just left wingers. I mean they've always been there...
I wouldn't bother Maggie, an English MP isn't going to know what happens in Scotland.
One's a racist wank and one isn't, Peter...
My gran refuses to even use a bloody cash machine or her debit card... It's maddening but she's stubborn. Insists on visiting the bank, putting herself at risk carrying large amounts of cash.
Liverpool is the best part of England.
And Trump is definitely showing signs of mental impairment. Watching Trump interviews from 10 years ago shows this quite clearly even. We've all seen the videos of him pausing, his obvious lack of motor control sometimes, obvious confusion, his speech slurring... I'm convinced the guy just isn't well. He shouldn't be in the job he's in on that basis alone.
They'll fight local elections on national issues for this reason. Expect a whole lot of guff from councillors about brexit etc.
Are you talking about the Green Party of England &amp; Wales then? Like I said - I'm not sure what the Scottish Green party have to do with anything.
Ibuprofen is probably a better choice for back pain, take it in combo with paracetamol. From someone with sciatica: NSAID like Ibuprofen, Diclofenac etc work best but be careful about becoming reliant on them, they'll tear up your stomach long term.
Brexit though. The trick the Tories will try and pull is making leave voters believe the only pro-brexit choice is the Tories.
You can't scrub yourself clean, kippers.
Exposing political corruption can be devastating for a country's image, I can see why they'd rather just not know.
willofthepeople
I.e. it exposes corruption How can it be commercially sensitive if the company in question is already fucked to the point of collapse?
I was thinking that... there's basically no cheap metal that goes in medical implants, it's all valuable stuff. Kinda amazed that it was apparently just being dumped at one point.
Interesting. I don't mind a bit of the Chase but it annoys me most of the time, seems fixed sometimes too. Maybe I'm consuming too many game shows.
My other thought was a stiff piece of plastic that engaged with the teeth of the knob, held to the body somehow. Would make it a sort of clicky knob, like a ratcheting action. Good luck!
Root for the meteorite that hopefully crashes through the roof and takes both of them out.
Not so sure that language is fair. The bill as passed is flawed and needs work, that's not 'disruption' its just doing what is asked of them. I'm no fan of the HoL but I do accept there are a handful of them who are genuinely interested in doing their jobs properly.
Was just about to say this. Great video on the subject of a large dust collection system, was good to see where Frank has found what works and what doesn't and how he'd do things differently given the chance.
Triggered
Oh god. Can someone in CCHQ step in and have a word with Nadine, she's just awful.
They've all reported on it to some extent but it's been very light and rarely makes it onto the TV. I don't think the full implications of the bill have really been explained in simple terms either, every time the topic comes up there's still people completely unaware it's even happening never mind the specifics of it.
I like foam brushes. I buy them on ebay from China since they're significantly cheaper there than I can get locally, about a third of the price. Same product too as far as I can tell. I thin down my poly a bit but it can be applied well enough straight from the can with a foam brush. It always seems to self level anyway and I don't feel bad about throwing away a cheap foam brush, save the handles as dowels though :) If you want to use a rag though just thin it to make your own wipe on poly, goes on easily with a rag. Just takes more coats that way.
Pucker Factor 10
I know exactly what you're talking about. I think it's a combination of lighting and your subconscious - you recognise things you've seen before but probably haven't committed to real, recallable memory. With interiors it might be little things like the finishes on walls, the furniture dotted around, the style of mouldings and architraves etc... common features of British houses. With streets etc. it's usually given away by the style of roads, signage, grey skies, the type of grasses used and common styles of walls etc. The only place that comes close to being able to fool me on this front is The Netherlands which can look really similar to the UK sometimes.
Yep, that looks exactly like this model being sold under AEG brand - both brands owned by the same parent company. The really fucked thing is this though: https://www.ebay.co.uk/i/282384094589?chn=ps&amp;adgroupid=48716125379&amp;rlsatarget=pla-381910304141&amp;abcId=1129946&amp;adtype=pla&amp;merchantid=113257359&amp;poi=&amp;googleloc=9046841&amp;device=c&amp;campaignid=974960635&amp;crdt=0 £126.39 is $179.10! robbing bastards.
Good guy Greens
Nothing - to be a unionist would require me to consider my country... not a country, if you know what I mean. I'm not that interested in reform really and even in a reformed UK with proper federalism, PR etc. I'd still support Scottish independence. It's better to be a small independent country in Europe. Reform doesn't fix things for me, it just delivers a slightly better UK.
Nope. I mean I live in a part of the UK that isn't even close to overpopulated. It's underpopulated in fact. Peoples experience differs. I don't think it's particularly helpful to use one-size-fits-all policy for this reason. There's almost certainly population issues to be addressed elsewhere, spreading economic growth outside of a small part of the UK and it's handful of large cities would seem to me to be something that should be at least attempted. Cities exist for a reason though, metropolitan areas with large populations are necessary but there's a very obvious imbalance on show in the UK.
Good to see you on board with this Wappy, absolutely no reason why a visa couldn't be issued that restricts the right to work to Scotland.
What a fucking idiot man, he's concerned about getting a decent camera shot and messing around with the camera while police have their guns pointed at him.
Yeah. I was talking more about the special economic zone they've got set up where North and South Korean workers work together, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaesong_Industrial_Region
This. I have to slap SPF100 on my head to go out in the summer... but anything remotely physical means sweat means burny eyes. Maybe I should just get a hat. Suncream is just expensive and shite.
At worst it'll just catch fire.
This is the view you'll often get from a UK based news organisation. Coalition and cooperation is always viewed as a bad thing from proponents of the Westminster winner-takes-all system.
I always think this when I see pictures from London where they seem very fond of lots of union jack bunting etc. Looks fine there, not to my tastes but it seems right, it's in context. If i saw the same thing in Scotland though I'd assume I was in some loyalist shithole and/or the lodge are marching. It's all context. Unfortunately the UJ in Scotland comes with a heavy political baggage that it doesn't always deserve, there's nothing wrong with a piece of fabric but the context in which it is flown often leads people to develop an aversion to certain flags.
It's a layby - they don't tend to have slip lanes really. They're designed to give people/truckers a place to pull over for whatever reason. They're most often just like this, a small piece of road that joins directly onto the fast road. You're supposed to sit and wait for a large enough gap, clearly this person didn't even look though.
I don't have many of these but every time I've had one I kept the jar because I think surely there's a use for them. I'm yet to find it though, it just feels wrong throwing away stuff like this. At least those little glass nutella jars work as small glasses.
Lactofree should do it, 2% is semi-skimmed in the UK.
Privatisation has been a failure and is only clung onto because Tories - for some unknown reason - want to pretend Thatcher was infallible. It's frequently polled as unpopular, it has driven up costs and is a complete fudge anyway given operating the rail network still costs the taxpayer a huge amount. Bring it all back in house, at least with national rail you have the opportunity to punish poor performance in the ballot box. National infrastructure and services like rail should never be privatised. We'd never suggest selling off the roads network, god only knows why it managed to be seen as a good thing for rail.
Give him a medal instead.
Gordon is supposed to be back in his stasis pod, not writing articles for the Mirror.
Because he's a cunt. Most people would have felt a tinge of guilt by now, not Hunt though. Most Tory health sec's know their role is to be a hatesponge but Hunt actually seems to enjoy it.
Who's paying?
America should join the rest of the world and make purple = blackcurrant. It's better than grape flavour.
If anything he's lucky that's all that happened. Kid or not you know not to go around provoking people bigger and stronger than you... at least most kids seem to know this.
Sounds like shite-talk that's been planted by a politician.
There used to be a couple of streets up in Rosemount that were free parking for some reason. Not sure if it's still the case, they were always hoaching back then though. Residents used to stick out wee cones to try and protect 'their' spaces etc.
No chance, she's far too invested in this particular grievance.
Everybody who doesn't vote Tory must do it out of hate. That makes sense.
Argos was a pretty fun job as a teenager, it was a quiet store so the stock room upstairs was a good laugh. I remember half of the staff room getting sent down the conveyor belt like chairs, kettle, peoples mugs, spoons... Was also a bit of a revelation seeing how the magic Argos works. Hooked up with a girl in the dark aisles too. Good times.
I'm sure he's got some important bottles to attend to.
This. He should have been banking that generous ministers salary these past couple of years. Resign, ride out the next few years as a shitty safe seat Tory MP and then live the quiet life like Dave. These brexit rats must know that the time to abandon ship is coming soon and they have to time it right.
Pretty much. I think if the current leadership were responsible for the party name it'd be something along those lines. I'm pretty sure Sturgeon has said similar, once a party name is established though it's probably not wise to change it - indy would likely be the only circumstance where there'd be a chance due to the huge shakeup of the country's politics,
Up north. The predicted thunder and rain just never came... weather forecast kept telling me it was raining though when it wasn't. I must be in some sort of bubble.
How the fuck can you lose to that workshy moron? Just fire him, he's fucking useless anyway and clearly doesn't care about the job. Standing up to these wreckers would be the shot in the arm that Theresa needs, she's a crap PM but you'd think she'd take any opportunity to show some degree of strength.
According to the lawyer representing the fire service at the inquiry the fire service were also not informed of the changes that had been made to the building. They were working to the assumption that all the fire containment measures it was built with were still in place (they weren't, years of badly done refurbishment having fucked up multiple things) and weren't aware of the cladding that had been applied. Lift out of action too apparently. The place was a fucking deathtrap, at the very least criminal charges need brought against the people who signed off work over the years and the council for poor maintenance.
The bit about language doesn't even make any sense because it's clearly also aimed at people who have lived in Scotland for some time - it's about telling people to accept others. The cunt clearly hasn't even watched it properly if he missed that.
There's some goats down the road, they're always standing on top of their wee house for some reason.
I don't think of it as sad for any other reason than the unemployed people... couldn't give a fuck about the companies involved. If anything these places have been run into the ground by shite management. No reason House of Fraser couldn't compete online as well - they barely even try. It's not easy but that's competition, adapt or die. Maybe slimming down will help them, clothes are the one thing that people will still make the effort to go buy in person.
I am genuinely surprised by that. He's better than Murphy for sure. It's brexit that's hurting them though, Murphy didn't have to deal with that.
Yeah you don't need to do anything like that, just contact your local council when you move into a place in Scotland to claim your council tax exemption (as a student), register to vote with your local councils electoral office too (if you want, that is).
It's very much a case of people not feeling they need to vote SNP on the list since there's an understanding of how the system works (on the whole, I think). If Scotland went STV you'd find those SNP constituency votes became first preference votes. Regional list is largely used by pro-indy/SNP supporters to split their vote, often for tactical reasons.
Keep yapping - you can watch the polls and see how well it's working.
Oh that's fantastic, an actual soldier vs colonel cosplay. I mean it doesn't matter to me but the yoons will hate that.
Unreal isn't it. I'm always impressed with how willing some are to just talk complete shite about something they clearly know little about though.
BBC Radio Scotland trying it on this afternoon too, was flipping past driving home and that Tory roaster Andrew Kerr was flapping his gums about forgotten figures. Sturgeon having a slip up probably makes it newsworthy for its rarity alone though.
K7 outperformed the Pentium III in pretty much all cases as far as I remember? Then with the XP series it just sorta became the performance CPU of choice, Intel getting it very wrong with the Pentium 4. I think it took until the Core series to really get back into things for Intel, there was a period of 5-6 years maybe where AMD was just making better products for the desktop... at least as far as I remember.
Feels like such a long time ago haha, I think with that CPU though AMD changed their image a lot - as you say, they were the value option most people took if they couldn't justify the cost of a Pentium but with that original K7 and its immediate successors they had a product that outperformed Intels top performance chips... for a few years anyway. I remember it being a bit of a rivalry around the turn of the millennium, the race to 1GHz too... makes you feel really old.
James Kelly is fucking tragic. How the fuck did he become an MSP?
Has the scotsman.com comment section found reddit?
Why are so angry about who Labour members elect to lead them?
I'd happily throw both of them into the sea. My granny probably would to, if she could lift them.
but but but the party of business
Should be a trip to Pitcairn. Then just don't send a boat to pick them up, problem solved.
It's very likely Scotland would be negotiating with an entirely different UK gov though. That said, it's maybe a deeper problem for British politicians rather than just a Tory one. Even a Labour government would likely take a similarly belligerent stance. It's about perceived superiority I think. I think the Tories are possibly the worst for this though, they self describe as the natural party of government etc.
You're not interested in independence then. In or out of the EU would be a Scottish decision.
Let 'em get rowdy, give the coppers an excuse to get a bit baton happy with them.
^ raging
antifascism isn't an American thing. If anything the emergence of proper antifascism in America is a pretty new thing, borrowing heavily from Europe.
Still, Theresa May and Ruth Davidson are making it out to be like all Scots don't want an independence referendum and the only reason it is maybe happening is because Nicola Sturgeon hates all British people.
Hah, I'll rub my dads nose in this next time I see him. That said I remain convinced cricket is just a big joke that got out of hand.
Just don't mention the Home Office report that says the exact opposite, of course.
Single issue protest party. Grievance mongers.
You know, when the polls are as shit as they are for Labour in Scotland you'd think maybe it might prompt a change of tactics. But no, just continue on the same path as you've been on since 2007. That'll work.
&gt; straitjacket of the EU Single Market They really don't seem to get that Scotland voted to remain... do they?
The only bother with online grocery shopping is you don't get to pick the stuff which makes fruit and veggies kinda a no go, for a picky cunt like me anyway. Of course, that can't really be avoided. I'd rather just spend the half hour doing my own food shopping though.
YOU MADE US DO IT
One cunt in, one cunt out.
Aye true enough, like I said though I'm a picky cunt. I do get stuff delivered sometimes, it is handy but it's just not ideal for me all of the time.
Boris should be kept well away from bridge projects after the last little scam he pulled off.
The bastards have thankfully been kept at bay by the lack of rain here for the most part but they still got a few of my wee plants.
Yeah, there's an unfortunate conflict of interest there.
A gunsight superimposed onto his face
I'd say closer to 20 minutes actual debate time - if Westminster can conduct a vote in 15 minutes they're doing very well, it's normally longer. In other words just long enough for some brexiteer Tory to stand up and talk slowly and then they'll have a vote.
It's been a real shocker but the Tory rebels collapsed into a pile of spineless jelly.
Would be good if Labour could avoid voting with the government too though, wouldn't it?
Talking to folk is probably the best thing you can do without signing up to help a party. Lots of people in the dark. Try and show them footage of today - I'm sure the tasty bits will be uploaded somewhere. Just saw reporting Scotland and as usual they gave it the briefest of coverage and omitted as much as possible, giving only serious time to Ross Thompson shouting about independence.
Should form the basis of SNP election material. I'd say the average session of "Scottish Questions" is equally useful, that's the one where they let everyone talk loudly so you can't hear a thing while the speaker sits doing nothing.
It's some safe seat Tory from a nice leafy part of England. Abusing a Scot in parliament will probably gain him votes. Just got to be realistic - he'll be fine.
Yeah I doubt they sell much champagne.
Ultimately it was about causing disruption and delay. Any MP can call for an immediate vote for the session to be held in private (clear galleries, turn off cameras etc.) which would temporarily halt PMQ's due to a vote needing to be held. Bercow obviously unsure of the specifics of this rule but ultimately he has the power to eject anyone for any reason, he asked Blackford if he'd like to hold the vote immediately and was told yes but clearly was unhappy with this obvious disruption so ejected Blackford. SNP MP's leave with him, Mhairi black gives the Tories the bird (good on her) and that's that. It's a respect thing, the SNP don't believe Scotland has been shown much recently from Westminster so they respond in kind.
He did, following his assistant passing him advice that the vote could be held immediately. Blackford has been doing his homework, wonder what other options there are to disrupt proceedings?
True that - watching bbc news right now and they've been forced to talk about it finally.
Actually he's managed to provoke national media coverage of yesterdays power grab vote. Previously it was minor news, now it's top of the bill. I'd say on balance it's paid off, they have to report the background to today's walk out. It was slightly risky since the beeb etc. could have just reported on the disruption at PMQ's today but they've decided to show some background from yesterday which is helpful.
What debate? There is no and there will be no debate - that's kinda the point.
Twitter really is a pit of stupidity sometimes. That said, the anger of these people can be effectively directed with good leadership.
You can't really believe that after their abstention yesterday... can you? I mean shit, Jo Swinson has been on twitter today saying she abstained because she wanted to respect Wales. A Scottish MP.
It must sting every single election.
I'm just pretty curious as to what else can be used. I wonder if someone at the SNP has been doing their research. It's pretty interesting if nothing else, as you say the Mother of all Parliaments that they love so much has a lot of historical baggage.
&gt;NOT Devolved powers. A lie, straight off the bat. If not reserved, devolved.
Who's going to put it in /r/ukpolitics? :)
Funny FMQ's. Both Ruth Davidson and Richard Leonard looking sheepish as fuck and feart to bring up yesterdays events. Leonard seems particularly determined to continue in his predecessors useless footsteps. I think the biggest risk to the SNP is the utter hopelessness of the opposition in Holyrood. It's too easy and that breeds complacency.
EU membership
True. I'll rephrase that: I feel sorry for anyone living in the PM's constituency who isn't a Tory roaster and/or anyone who may want their constituency properly represented.
Like every other concert you mean? I mean come on, this isn't abnormal.
Apparently people have done their research since though and technically Bercow was in the wrong and should have honoured the request for an immediate vote. Not that it really matters, the intention was to cause disruption and disruption was caused.
Good guy Leanne Wood.
Yes yes lady, abandon party politics, abandon politics altogether. Just get together and have a nice cup of tea and work things out. edit: fuck me they just clapped for her
Hah, no applause for Oakeshott. Needs to remember she's in Wales.
Aye, wee Kim Jong Un settles down every Thursday and switches on BBC1, can just see that.
Hear that you tubby wee bastards? No more sweets.
That's what I really don't get. Surely there's a racist out there who can make a better argument than Tommy Robinson? someone without the baggage, someone who can keep themselves out of prison...
In this case I think I remember a mod even saying they thought it was a fake letter...
The far right are notable for their lack of style (post Nazis, of course. They were pretty good on that front). Most of the time their material looks like a child produced it using Word 97. Also note UKIP's graphic design and even choice of colour scheme... purple and yellow does not work.
Get angry and demand Stormont gets its shit together then. If you don't then the Tories will quite happily govern you from London. Sorry but there appears to be a lot of apathy in Northern Ireland over the fact that you don't have a government. Where's the protests?
Lessons learned. If a country wants to be independent there isn't much point fighting it - the battle is already lost. All you're guaranteeing is giving people a reason to be violently rebellious. This isn't the age where you can just violently suppress a country without repercussions either, the UK's global standing doesn't allow for it.
You genuinely think the Tories will just begin splashing around cash? Ideologically speaking that's just not what they do. They've always run public services into the ground when they're in power, austerity was just their excuse this time around. If anything they'll campaign on some extra cash for some really fucked services (NHS/social care mainly) but a better balance book is likely to just result in them offering up more tax cuts than anything else I think.
It's like history repeating itself. What next Tories - a new criminal &amp; public order act for 2018?
Yeah - just don't pay. It's an honour system, by and large. That said, if you're not consuming any live broadcasted television (over the air or via internet) then you don't need one anyway. Feel free to not pay them for something you don't use. Your choice if you want to play by their rules or not also, it's up to them to prove if you're guilty of anything though.
Aye. This time hopefully people face some blame too. It shouldn't have gone up the first time and it certainly shouldn't have this time.
Statistically purely FPTP elections are far more likely to deliver a majority government than AMS will... by design. There's no real point comparing the two. I'd feel pretty comfortable putting a wager on Scotland not having another majority government for a long time for example, 2011 was a complete anomaly and in my opinion only happened due to the relatively new parliament/unfamiliarity with the electoral system. Of course it's possible but the likelihood of it is low, far lower than the likelihood of Labour or Tories being a majority government in Westminster. It's just not significant that the SNP are a minority government imo, it's the norm as far as we can tell and as far as the electoral system intends.
It's always amazing that people are so sure of this, isn't it? The earth can accommodate a much higher human population than it currently does. We probably won't like how that looks though but then that's a different matter entirely.
&gt;Mr Hunt said this had been achieved, giving the NHS a "fitting birthday present for our most loved institution".
... SNP campaigned for "both votes SNP" in that election. Is making stuff up just a bad habit at this point?
No you're not.
Lib Dems have a surprising ability to completely ignore reality. This current crop, Farron included, have fucked that party beyond imagination. They never seem to stop to think, blinded by arrogance and what I can only assume is some sort of defense mechanism where they refuse to admit fault for the past 8 odd years.
Didn't even need to click to know it's Sillars. The bitter old fool is the Tories new best friend, wonder what his price was.
Awful choices all round then. Huw Edwards I suppose...
I say jamp a lot and have to correct myself. It should be a word.
Advertising money laundering services on a darknet market and then (according to the indictment) meeting in person after initial contact... Did he want to get caught or something?
If you have a look at Tom's twitter outpourings it's pretty clear he's not all there...
Her party has always been mildly supportive of the EU at best, providing a home for serious euroscepticism since the UK joined. Some were more pragmatic than others. May was reasonably typical of this - begrudgingly accepting the benefits of EU membership while having no issue at all with her party shitting on it whenever possible. Tories were always going to struggle to campaign for a remain vote simply because of 40 odd years of Tories shitting on the project.
Looks like somehow it ended up in The Philippines. I can't explain how that would happen nor can I explain why at some point during its journey from Scotland to Germany via The Philippines that someone decided to censor the word Scotland.
Another poll casting doubt on that Queens study. edit: that sectarian divide tho
Absolutely. The best way of managing an industry is to regulate it. Without regulation you're just asking for trouble imo, there's no point in making everyone involved a criminal since you just make it more dangerous for all involved. Making prostitution and the prostitution industry illegal doesn't stop it, it's been there since forever and it is no real deterrent. Instead of fighting it we should be treating it like any other legal adult industry. There's nothing inherently wrong with the industry - humans are humans and some are always going to buy or sell sex.
They're challenging the Sewel convention which states they shouldn't normally legislate over devolved matters. Brexit/EU powers returning is just a stepping stone for them. If the Sewel convention means nothing then I'd fully expect them to erode devolution even further. Also they are taking powers, don't buy into the Tory PR spin that the powers being taken aren't devolved. They're simply ones currently administered at EU level, they are fully devolved.
I'd never call him that :)
Yeah, we're littered with historical sites of interest with nothing to really indicate what/where they are. Just behind my house there's standing stones... it's quite a big structure really, obviously very old but absolutely no information about it. It's just next to a reasonably popular walking track. We need to be better at this stuff, we've probably just got too much history though. It makes it less significant.
"Frack the planet" sums up the Tories attitude. They couldn't care less, there's money to be made for a select few and they'll want their slice no doubt.
Bowie has seemed pretty dense from what I've seen of him, the guy likely didn't do his research. Goes to show though, stink of shit and you'll attract flies.
Yeah we could, it's maybe difficult to prove someone lives in Scotland though? I think maybe if it did happen something like that would have to come into play but then again... precious union and all that, Scotland is home as much as England is etc. I don't buy it but law differences between Scotland and England would be hard to manage but obviously not impossible, currently you can be legal to drive in England with a certain blood alcohol that'll get you locked up in Scotland for example. We trust people to heed the local laws - not much else you can do to stop people.
Who the fuck would play at a brexit concert Phil Collins?
In what possible way could it suggest big problems... Is it not clear by now that the Tory rebels aren't willing to actually rebel?
The Apprentice
They're fine with anyone from the same sect.
You already raged over this nonstory a while ago, I remember it.
Not sure it's particularly smart to bring a bowl full of dead insects into your hotel kitchen for pictures...
That Paul Joseph Wilson is Alex's man in the UK isn't he?
A lot of people will just not be aware this is a thing. I've rarely seen creators bringing attention to the fact it exists. I think those numbers could be easily improved by simply asking people if they'd like to help out/how to do it.
Aye well hopefully they don't get one.
Spot on. The boomers aren't going to be healthy old people... gonna be expensive. It's just going to get worse.
We all know what sort of reform an employee of Spiked is looking for, wish she'd stop beating around the bush.
Not necessarily, if you legalise it properly then there isn't the same market for the corporates. Unlike tobacco it's very easy to grown your own cannabis. Of course not everyone would but it's a simple enough plant to stick in your garden and care for, it's not like growing and curing tobacco or distilling your own booze. I think the legal cannabis market could very well be quite different for this reason.
Here's Spiked 4 Trump
US style libertarian 'news'
It is pretty amusing how bodged together the interior of that car looks. I mean this was a very high end, luxury car but all of the switch gear etc. are just off the shelf parts that you could buy from radio shack. You just wouldn't get away with stuff like that these days. It gives everything a very "built in a shed" quality looking at it all from the present day. The obvious lack of attention to ergonomics too, if you were building your own kit car you might be tempted to just stick every switch on one big panel or not properly label stuff. I suppose Aston was a very different company back then, putting together a 'hi-tech' luxury 4 door for the late 70s/early 80s being quite different to what they had done in the past.
