Every person in that jury was a complete moron. Hell, everyone in the county.
I was shocked at the lack of basically any evidence against Brendan at all. How could one video of a confession that was so obviously coerced be taken seriously by all 12 of those jurors??
she looks like Adore in the thumbnail
she's kind of like the Posh of the group
she got those from boobsforqueens.com *wink*
Glamazon. i just love that line about working your sexy body so sexual, as if there was any other way you could work your sexy body. Adrenaline and Cover Girl are probably my next two favorites
MR. GORBACHEV! BRING BACK MY GIRLS!
*sigh* get on up...
that happened in my best friend's family, albeit it was way back in the day; her great-grandmother learned as an adult that the woman she thought was her sister was her mother...it was the 1910's so underage motherhood was like a big deal
OHH that's funny! i didn't connect the two, went *whoosh* right over my head
[it will allegedly appear on netflix this year](https://www.google.com/amp/variety.com/2016/tv/news/netflix-people-v-oj-simpson-american-crime-story-fx-deal-1201822010/amp/?client=safari)
it has the words "Hollywood," "Foreign" and "Press" in the title
i loved every episode (and i'm a big AHS fan so i can admit that each season usually gets pretty bad)
"Song of the Ancestors" is the best song from Moana and it wasn't submitted for either the Golden Globes or Oscars which was a travesty
omg that small indian boy is as precious as Dev was when he was in Slumdog Millionaire
"laugh inside amy schumer" was my first laugh of the night i think
this "missing my glasses" bit was much funnier when Tina Fey and Jon Hamm did it a few years ago
i always forget that
historically the majority of network shows aren't very good
omg Steve Carrell and Kristen Wiig are the best presenters so far
one of those men accepting the award for Zootopia (i didn't catch their names)
Dax has secretly been married to a man for 28 years
apparently she plays Wonder Woman in those recent DC films (imo it should have been Mila Kunis) edit: autocorrect changed Mila to Mika
it's like they're bragging about the film which as a midwesterner i find inappropriate
exactly! that's why i was surprised to hear him say it
need to get to them commercials
whatever it was that Viola was just talking about, i loved it
i'm living for what Meryl is saying about Hollywood
didn't he win one for Atlanta? he created the show so i think he received an award
i would vote for her
wow LA LA LAND cleaning up! good for them, i hope this means good things for the Oscars
TIL a walk to remember actress Mandy Moore choreographed La La Land edit: oops different people! it seemed plausible to me
it didn't seem outside of the realm of possibility
[congrats to La La Land for breaking the record for most Golden Globe awards won by a single film!](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/amp/news/la-la-land-breaks-golden-globe-winners-record-wins-961526?client=safari)
the "G" stands for "Grammy"
he's one of the producers
he does not have an Emmy
i was also surprised by the screenplay win. the filmmaking was what was special, not the writing.
i get their names mixed up all the time, despite knowing each one very well separately.
shit i'm american and i have no clue how big either of those states is
i was just perusing their subreddit and it really is despicable that his supporters blatantly don't mind the fact that the president of the United States mocks reporters. they're all about pointing out "yeah he mocks lots of people! but this one wasn't because the guy has a disability!" like...how fucked up do you have to be to support a political figure who mocks anyone, let alone the handicapped.
ugh his face
i always liked Van and Kirsten while i was watching CNN nightly in the weeks leading up to the election. Jack Kingston on the other hand just always has this smug smile on his face that you want to punch.
holy crap that is tiny. side note: i embarrassingly thought the state was an island until like...last year
not on him, on each other in front of him in the bed where the President and his wife slept. they probably don't need his money and would rather destabilize the United States since they've hated us since time immemorial.
yeah, some police chief or some shit... like he is qualified to verify such things
just like how straight men who have sex with women can't simultaneously be misogynists
idg how it's possible for him to be unable to have conflicts of interest while he clearly... has lots of conflicts of interest
he worked for CNN previously but wasn't on the clock working for them at the time. And Don Lemon said on air that he had worked with that guy immediately after the interview was done. seemed like a coincidence.
two different rooms next to each other both with balconies overlooking a courtyard, MD came out because he thought he was being called
oh okay! makes sense i guess. are they technically Arabs though? just Saudi Arabs?
get this guy a coat! edit: /s
real is what you feel; feelings aren't real.
i see by googling that it was announced this was recorded, but was it ever released?
anyone else read that so slowly trying to see them slip up and use a contraction
oh i see! Jane is also a broadway star; she won the Tony in 2003 for her role in the revival of Nine (which is a great musical that was later made into a bad movie with Daniel Day-Lewis) and was just on Broadway last year in She Loves Me (which i saw live and she was phenomenal) where are you seeing the Little Mermaid?
yeah i'm sure that show featuring some GEICO mascots was a shining beacon of humor and intelligence
thanks Jude-n-Sue!
just another attack against Trump
oh okay! thank you again!
seriously wtf some one christmas i received (from two people) two copies of a DS game of Bleach... an anime i have never seen in my life.
in what way are you five different ethnicities?
"irish" and "german" are not two different races, they're both caucasian. "marshallese" and "kiribatese" are both pacific islander according to the US census, so you actually counted wrong twice and are four different races.
obviously the whole thing was racist but they didn't just choose Kenya at random; Obama's father is from Kenya.
this is not r/news so it doesn't have to be news
"Pence defends Trump" does not mean *Pence says specifically what Trump said. edit: Pence
no, puppet. you're the puppet.
The Gone Girl on the Train with the Lower Back Dragon Tattoo
thank you so much!
i'm triggered by the apostrophe in "White's Only"
shouldn't he be busy making those FOUR sequels to Avatar
thank you kind stranger!
apparently it was supposed to be Lea Salonga for both speaking and singing but her manly voice was unconvincing
She always seems much younger than she is. She's older than Angelina Jolie! edit: thought she was slightly younger when she made Enchanted
is it me or does Jerry look a bit like the president in that photo
like that neighbor dad from American Beauty!
he's been a very bad boy
the onion was never fake news, it was satire / comedy. fake news is those websites that have articles about shit that literally didn't occur which dumb americans (coincidentally usually trump supporters) would believe. at some point during the election it got turned around to refer to biased media (like breitbart) and *then* got turned around again to basically focus on actual mainstream media posting stories that the readers (coincidentally again usually trump supporters) did not agree with. so at this point basically everything is fake news and facts don't exist and reality is unknowable.
lol Paul McCartney is worth 1.2 billion dollars. he's fine.
huh he bought rights to peoples songs?? how dare he!
lol yes i was also being humorous
i thought it was much too long, way too dark and absolutely joyless. I thought there should have been at least a moment fun to be had but it was too "realist" for my tastes. to each his own!
they're a company, not one person. he's 74, 1.2 billion dollars is more than enough to last him until he dies.
the way they love to defend Trump's views on LGBT is usually something like "he doesn't care!!" Yeah that's just what i want, a president who doesn't care about me.
that's his "official portrait" or some shit... like dude why do you look so pissed isn't this what you wanted??
whenever i go on that site i get sucked in for a long time, sometimes hours. i think they're referring to that
my best friend texted me during the inaug and said "Hate them if you will but seriously how beautiful is Melania Trump" and obviously i'm not blind so i had to reluctantly agree
i feel like i saw this episode a few weeks ago, either way i thought it was very cool
definitely I Know Him So Well from Chess
yeah kids being shipped off to their death is great
anyone else love how much Rebecca pronounced "engaged" like a French person
rocking a cowboy hat that a KISS FM DJ once called "a sweet lid"
agreed, his cabinet was a shitshow, but he does seem like he'd be a fun guy to hang out with.
just everything about him deserved it tbh
i think it's a pretty common thing. that's why i hate to finish before my boyfriend 'cause like obviously i want him to finish but i'm much less invested after i'm done
okay bro i don't care about your ice cream analogy. i'm not talking about ethnicity or race, i'm literally talking about the color of his skin. that thing he was judged for and caused all that racist stuff about him being born in Kenya. yes, i know that if one parent is white and one is black you're half-black.
the girl is Natalia Dyer and the boy is Charlie Heaton. i feel like you should know that since your name is u/nataliadyer
[picture from Friday was taken at 11:49 AM](https://d3i6fh83elv35t.cloudfront.net/newshour/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/comparison-withtime-1024x576.jpg)
for those sick or the truth, try Alternative Facts!™
the narrative being he actual true fact that Spicer lied.
this truly is some scary shit. he didn't even say the word lie, he said "falsehood"
lol it does not extend to the washington monument you may want to have your eyes checked
lol the words "alternative facts" literally exited Conway's mouth
it's called a "screenshot"
you're thinking of Barbra Streisand (and neither she nor Alec Baldwin are ingenues)
Variety is a famous magazine that's been around for a very long time. edit: 111 years to be precise.
girl on the front left is fine!! oh wait that's a doll wtf
Start a Fire, City of Stars (Duet) and Audition were the three songs submitted for consideration from La La Land. I think Audition is the best song but thought Someone in the Crowd and Another Day of Sun were also terrific. But they limit the choices to prevent splitting votes.
lol what the heck is a garburator
3D anything has died and come back so many times it's completely obnoxious. I personally hate it and it makes my eyes tired. it'll be back unfortunately.
if those three sequels are ever even eventually made (also i think it's four sequels last i heard)
I'm 2 minutes in and absolutely loving the references to people I've never heard of...salsa dancing with Jerry Nadler?? **hilarious!!**
r/karmaconspiracy
all award shows are eligible for Emmys since they are broadcast on primetime television!
except the CIA, who was there
he won the electoral college by a margin of something like 103,000 votes combined in MI, WI and PA. that margin is minuscule. .07% of voters in the country decided the election (also idk where your info is from but if Clinton had won those three states she would have won electorally with 273 votes)
a fetus is not a newborn baby so your comparison is weak.
if you are in a dying town with no job you also have no money to afford to move to a city where you may find a job.
because we went there?
you cannot easily quantify a crowd you are in. that's why those pictures of the crowds from above are very useful.
yes, and they were there in the room.
still sad he's in jail for extortion or whatever
tbh from the tone of your comment above i thought you were implying the opposite, obviously you're correct about higher Spanish populations in those states.
that sounds scary
hm it must be because it disposes of the garbage! that's so weird i never knew it was called something different in Canada
you're just a poopy little slut who ruins things and wants the world to burn
all the way through probably about fifty times, but according to the itunes on my computer and phone i've listened to The Schuyler Sisters over 200 times.
things are a bit behind in Bangkok
huh! TIL. back when i was in school christians were still calling it devil worship
damn that post is becoming a legend
flat feet
circa 2000?
my favorite part is when she feels like a terrible human being
but he wasn't alive then... maybe you mean turn of the 21st century, which was 17 years ago
gotta get those deals
i thought the same thing. the "ea" isn't really two crisp syllables.
"lol oh my gish" is my favorite part of all that
this is true. source: have flat feet
i love going to controversial comments on articles like this and seeing how stupid they are
tbh they could do a hundred lottery seats per show and still be making $1.5 million bucks a week
did you ever figure it out? it's like they're talking in code
yeah i googled it as well but couldn't figure out any of those websites, i'll click download and it downloads some tiny file that isn't the movie
nope! i guess i should be huh?
Hey hey hey HEYYYY👋👋👋 Put cha lighter’s up🔦🔦🔦! Ganja’s in the house 🏠 owwwwww😷! As you can tell from my accent I am from Dallas, Tex-ass🐴! And it was not very easy growing up looking like this💁! Whether I was playing in my grandma’s clothes👵 or putting on a show for my well-organized alphabetically-ordered beanie babies 🐱🐥🐵🐼 I was guh guh guh GAY👬👭! OKKKK😃! But it wasn’t until I moved to Los Angeles ☀️🌴 that I discovered 🚬Marijuana🍀, I mean I like to smoke💨💨💨, y’all I am just flying✈️ as high👆 as your receding hairline👴! OK! 🚬 Marijuana🍀 really does help me calm down😴, so y’all, I went to Valencia where they film the TV show 🌱Weeds🌱! Now, y’all, it’s very dry🔥☀️, it’s almost kinda like your vagoina✌️👌! Can I get an amen🙌🙏?!? Now y’all, I am a treehugger🌳🌲 because if it ain’t green♻️, HUH😫 I’m not interested🙅! OKCURRRRRRRR💅💃!
MUH SAFE SPACE 😰😢❄️
isn't he the one that said he had a mandate...and he won in a landslide...and no one respects women more than him...
ah yes! i watched it and it's not really a good show but I did love Bombshell
he deleted, allegedly he was out on reddit to occupy himself during his studies
thanks for the info! wow that kind of sucks, i thought he was entertaining
i only posted it because you said this lol
because underage sex is only possible with a penis and a vagina?
it has to do with percentages of the population. African americans are about 13% of the US population but are killed by police in much higher percentages than caucasians.
oh yeah i forgot that committing crimes is justification for murder!
the episode aired the day after President Clinton's impeachment proceedings began
i'm unfortunately a US fish :/
dexter got bad around season 6 imo
think yew
i think that's what RuPaul means in the song
what did i do to deserve you??
lol @ "less of the bitchiness" what kind of gay men do you know
i'll have the catfish po'boy with extra chuckle
just fyi if you're possibly interested in the actual vocal selections, i purchased them from Amazon for approximately $17 and they were identical to these arrangements that were $10 per song! so a terrific deal that saves like $113
that's what you get for attempting to use portrait when landscape would be much more appropriate
oh okay cool!
is it just me or are the graphics still like...not great? obviously it's still in its neverending development but considering what something like FFXV looked like, these graphics are super underwhelming
why is the piano version of Forever &amp; Always so much better than the original??
i actually changed my name to Linda, to get more jobs in HR. it's a real Linda's club.
how can you name a baby Gertrude?? that and Mildred are probably the two "old lady names" i can't get behind. my great aunts were Gertrude, Florence and Helen and my grandma is Glenda Gale. some names are just too old-fashioned to bring back
i didn't especially because Brendan Fraser isn't in it
they're pretty good but the animation is not so great
i thought it was his likeness that they weren't supposed to use and then they ended up using several photos of him? or something like that
...i've done both and can confirm they aren't anything alike
most of the ladies entrance looks are giving me Disney villain realness (Sasha is Final Fantasy but because of Kingdom Hearts that's basically Disney) Ru's makeup is looking fierce as fuck
lol he thought TPM was amazing??? wtf Ron
eh just because you believe your own lies doesn't make them not lies. it makes you a psycho i'm pretty sure.
cross dressers are straight men who usually get some kind of fetishistic kick or of dressing as women drag queens are usually gay men who dress as women for entertainment purposes
holy shit of course this was posted ten hours ago and i didn't see it until an hour ago when i woke up in the middle of the night, and then my google chrome had some kind of spazz and i had to reset my computer, and now they're all gone. same thing that happened to me last time they were uploaded!!! FML
i just love the title
she played maria reynolds and peggy in an early reading, there is no cast album featuring her. the only official cast recording is the original broadway cast.
thank you!!
technically it is
was Danny Devito the voice of Phil? i can’t recall
i thought the three crowns were bronze, silver and gold?
r/thathappened
🦑🐙i have both?
“oh oprah!” and “oh gale!” are two of me and my BF’s reactions just to everyday occurrences thanks to this episode
2 years ago i tried this when i finally bought a new PS2 years after mine had broken, got out of Midgar without dying and went across the sea and got in some random battle and died. i was very sad (the ps1 memory card came in the mail the next day)
i was writing them with question marks because they’re questions. “incredibly intimate understanding” isn’t necessary, i’m intelligent enough to know that “oh say, can you see?” is the beginning of a question. “can you see what so proudly we hailed?” it’s a question. why would i google the lyrics when the point was i was refuting that no one knows the lyrics. the song is hundreds of years old and Americans hear it constantly since childhood. who *doesn’t* know the lyrics??
sure but what six year old asks why the president is an idiot? my nephew is six and i can’t think of any reason he would ask something like that. seems very r/thathappened to me
r/ATBGE
thank you, you are a wonderful human being
prison term for child pornography + murder + bank robbery
He did an Internet and now the computers like him and Wall Street is Google.
ehhh trump is allegedly richer but it’s highly doubtful considering all he lies about. Oprah is by far the more qualified of the two.
is it just me or does she look like a cracked out Susan Sarandon
i’m also gay so this math is checking out so far
why does “hypocrisy” always look like it’s not supposed to be spelled that way
(notice snotty quotes)
their faces are much better looking in the original, idk how they messed that up so bad in the remaster
i personally find it obnoxious, i feel like they’re kind of intruding on a space that is not meant for them
exactly. “it’s my imitation of Drew Barrymore’s impression of that crazy lady!”
i just saw it last night and absolutely loved it, i don’t think i’d seen him in anything before but really enjoyed his performance!
yep, lost both of those of mine after i graduated and moved from MI to AZ, along with my drivers license.... i was a hot damn mess and to this day don’t recall how i went about getting them all back but i remember it took me like 5 years to get all three and it was a complete ass-ache. (i vaguely recall my bank account having my license number and that helped get me on the right track for the other two)
yeah kids are known for hating storylines
maybe someday we’ll live in world without Trumps just like how there are no more Hitlers!
i had one classmate in elementary school named Donald in the late 90’s and haven’t met another one in real life since edit; completely forgot my boyfriend’s grandfather (who coincidentally timehop reminded me passed away one year ago today) was also named Donald, but the guy was 92
sure but... like i said times aren’t changing that much
i think like “lead”
that is amazing
r/dontopendeadinside
i always thought it was kind of like a “hit me up” sort of thing, but yeah the translation of that from swedish was a little rough. catchy tune though
i mean, Windsor is pretty close though. i have a few friends that live on the Canadian side
i’ve had one stepmother and 2 stepfathers in my life and all three were fucking terrible. i don’t know what it is but in my experience it seems like it takes a certain type of person to marry someone that already has children.
uhh what is this? for science
apparently he recently sent her [an invoice for approximately €5.3 million](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/307917)
thank you so much u/jude-n-sue, i recently misplaced these Candides so you're a savior!
any chance you'll be uploading All-Stars 3 as it goes on? i would adore you for it!
i feel bad for whoever uses Seattle’s richardsackmuncher@yahoo.com, because that’s the email i gave them
i finished the main plot but never did that stuff that reveals Paz to be a villain so suffice it to say i was *surprised* by the events of Ground Zeroes
what would you say the reason could be?
anyone have the grammy awards?
see her in the buff?? that means nude lol wtf
whoosh what?
it didn’t really seem like a joke so i guess i’m still getting the whoosh? it seemed like a person who didn’t understand that Iroquois Pliskin and Solid Snake are the same person, not sure what the joke was
mehhh i’ve always been a Kinsey 6 without ever (to my knowledge) desiring any intercourse with a woman whatsoever and i still like tits, but have never been able to put my finger on what it is i like about them.
i’m from a small rural town in Michigan and basically didn’t know that gay was a thing until late middle school. this type of education would have been super helpful to myself when i was young.
but those babies are pretty wanted, i doubt they would need many abortions
they aren’t though. the first comment i replied to literally says “It's unbelievable to think that you are the worlds youngest human when you are born, and the oldest when you die.” when you’re born for an instant you really are the youngest person in the world. when you die, unless you happen to be the oldest person on earth, you will never be the oldest person on earth.
yes, oldest you’ll ever be. but not the oldest in the world like u/ollervo100 said
the problem is supporting a president that definitely should not be supported
omg that is hilarious
frequently mail order sites masquerade as dating sites
okay well sorry to break it to you but without others telling you about his alleged success, why would you think that his approval has grown (since that would be told to you by polls which are taken by other people) or that he is somehow responsible for our economy, which had only been doing well because of what Obama did, and now Trump is signing off on lots of ridiculous things like tariffs on our allies. So yeah I don’t know where you think you’re getting your information but it’s being told to you by someone and that someone is not correct.
i mean i guess maybe if i believed it was true, but what i’ve seen that is happening from sources i trust i don’t believe those things to be true.
omg
they had used her birth name during filming and it was presumed she would be credited as Stefani Germanotta when the film was released. i guess it’s kind of like The Rock going by Dwayne Johnson
eh i think for her it would be considered a big event, plus she has musical theater roots. i think it’s kind of like when a big movie star (like brad cooper in elephant man or scarlett johannson in view from the bridge) goes to broadway. i do suppose some people may view it that way
huh seemed kind of like a stage name, i don’t know the legality of it
omg that makes me mad because when Eureka said that i was like “bitch me too!”
also i’ve been a fan of hers for years and am still not 100% solid on the pronunciation of Germanotta
i thought it was just seasons 5+6 of AHS?
i think it has to do with them being played before summer blockbusters
in a thread about revolution-era America, is it really unexpected?
that’s not how retcons work
1) it probably wouldn’t have happened if they had been white 2) racism is still an issue here in America
yeah, it was funny! i didn’t take it literally
i read the whole thing, seems like a very thinly veiled suggestion that he then “clarifies” was a joke
they support Putin because of propoganda. duh.
so are we
i was just watching Brooke Baldwin the other day and it happened while Gloria Borger was talking so it seems like it also happens at random
you definitely do not need to be under any sort of oath to obstruct justice, you may be thinking of perjury, which you’re accurate in thinking he may not be guilty of but he definitely is a serial liar so he better hope he’s not under oath any time soon. he definitely has obstructed justice though, he admitted to it to Lester Holt on NBC.
no one is above the law
thank you! my fiance set the dvr incorrectly and the last part of the show got cut off :(
they’ve won awards that aren’t Grammys
seriously wtf was up with Bruce getting his speech aired and then that weird performance
she got booted when they fired the old director, i think she would have stayed too :(
are all shows good though?
and Best Set which i thought was fair cause that building from She Loves Me was awesome
can’t wait for all those threads from people confused about what’s going on cause they only played the last game in a series with about 10 prior entries
that’s one of the most realistic ways i could think of them coming together. lots of people suggesting them working together but that seems unnatural (though i had the idea of Liz working on som politically themed TV show and Leslie somehow becomes a consultant of some sort). Leslie happening to sublet Liz’s second floor would kind of make perfect sense.
You’re delirious, Mimi! I’m not Jacqueline, I’m her twin sister... Jorcqueline! And I don’t exist!
allegedly what
i mean hey if they were having an affair with each other who are we to judge their life choices edit: /s
yeah why does she do that while also oversexualizing herself? queen of mixed messages
i’ve done that to my best friend but she’s been my best friend for 13 years and we are best friends so she’s cool with it... in the above situation it’s scary
totally thought the title said hipster mormon and was confused
it’s almost like a perfect blend of the two i’m still sad they broke up edit: never mind, i see how she’s remarried so i’m sure she’s doing great!
do you know how apostrophes work
i agree me that most of BTW is bland filler but i’m surprised you chose Americano and Bad Kids as the worst when clearly that belongs to stuff like Black Jesus and Electric Chapel your track by track of The Fame is pretty spot on though. Brown Eyes? that chorus? If everything was everything but everything is over, everything would be everything if only we were older! edit: actually just listened to all of born this way, and turns out even a bit of of the “filler” is mildly entertaining. i’d say the worst are The Queen, Heavy Metal Lover with stuff like Fashion of His Love and Highway Unicorn (Road to Love) being lowkey bops
i personally listened to each of her albums in late 2016 and agree with this 100%, Rated R was the first album that i thought worked cohesively as an album. is it perfect? no. but i didn’t think anything was out of place.
it’s a fun website! especially if you like penis
confirmed, you’re now gay :)
yes, lots of people post photos of their nude bodies online for no money whatsoever
at first glance i thought this was saying gays did 9/11
it was being worked on about a decade ago but i think that was cancelled and this is like a second try at it (kind of like what happened to FFXV)
thank you!!
it was completely irrelevant by about mid 2009, 2008 i’d say it was still used quite a bit
PREGANTÉ
are you sure they broke up? google seems to be confused on the subject
i feel like the rest will be like... her face
your flair reminds me of how ridiculous it was that Blair revealed on national television that she had been raped (i assumed one of her deepest darkest secrets)... and was eliminated that episode. imagine if Roxxxy had been eliminated after mentioning the bus stop. outrageous! (not sure if that got a lot of mention on the sub this season, i’ve been a few days behind each episode unfortunately so haven’t been able to participate as much as past seasons)
Juliet is asking “Why are you Romeo?”
this just made me remember Mariah Carey is a huge fan of Mean Girls
much better than Ariana’s track record
my cousin’s birthday is also christmas eve so basically every year our christmas party was her birthday party. it was a little annoying but at least there was cake!
very good album but i wouldn't give it a 10, maybe an 8.5 or possibly a 9; i think it could have been a few tracks shorter.
i’m playing it right now for the first time! is she meeting Mickey before he goes to Castle Oblivion in Chain of Memories?
you never answered their question and you stooped to calling them stupid for asking you a question that you couldn’t answer. great work at deflecting them into submission. also is calling him Barry really an act of criticism? it’s a name he went by for many years so I doubt he would find it offensive.
she’ll probably be pretty convincing because i don’t really think she truly supported him
bro your ancestors were immigrants if they weren’t native american
huh well that’s kind of cool! your views on this topic are still pretty shitty
i don’t think you know mine
ahhh i see, it’s magic. but are they really visiting these worlds?
i truly think KH just speaks to us gays for some reason i can’t put my finger on
plus Zac Efron played you in a movie. things could be worse!
that was my favorite website for a while! i’m sad they deactivated a few years ago, what with all this KH3 hype.
i had a countdown and the day it came out i was so excited and i gave myself a fever from the excitement, i fell asleep right around when the Axel-Roxas right happens cause i was so exhausted. i’ve never gotten as hyped for anything since cause it wore me out. these days i’m like “keep your mind off it and when it eventually happens it happens”
exactly, he’d probably be at least a little more effective if he didn’t have that eastern-European accent. like come on people at least try to LOOK like you aren’t actively attempting to overthrow American democracy and society.
isn’t an occupation voluntary?
you took me there
but CNN themselves are fake news so who are they to say?
just because it’s a shortening doesn’t make it not real
so white guys don’t need a good purpose but everyone else does? or else they don’t even get to exist as characters? that’s insulting, racist and misogynistic
you sure? nose and ears look the same to me. it really does just seem to be the teeth that have massively helped. he had good hair already.
remember all those adventures they went on together!
knew what it was gonna be, still laughed
early days of the internet was not 2003
i literally was singing She’s Out of Our Hair last night at work. it’s a classic!
ahhh the dress probably was the biggest chunk
i lived with a girl last year for 6 weeks that did this and it is literally the reason i asked her to leave. it was only in her room but still, it was a small 2-bedroom apt and the stench permeated. i don’t know how she slept in that room, after she left i cleaned up as best i could but didn’t go in there for like 5 months
he apologized?
ohhh gold is real heavy isn’t it
i’m also a singer and i agree that having a beautiful voice really does cancel out a lot of negatives. i wonder what it is about having that and what it does for the psyche
i loved that whole cycle’s press. her appearances on NBC (SNL and Fallon) leading up to her concert at Radio City, everything was perfect. the album wasn’t 21 but it still is a solid album with many great songs. i can’t wait for her next album.
GET UP ON THE HYDRA’S BACK
and it works on two levels cause like... the Hydra is also in God of War
i always thought that sort of thing was science fiction
whose job is it?
Chikai is really growing on me. the first time i heard it (in the trailer) i thought it was a little choppy and weird, but now that i have the whole song i’m really liking it! can’t wait for the english version
is it more immoral though? he’s making more money than he would by working for some business that doesn’t pay someone a living wage. and is he even lying? the sign says “anything helps,” which is true. how is that immoral?
this is all assuming he is someone that even cares about things like making a return to society or having morals, i guess. a lot of people don’t especially ones that make a lot of money for big businesses. so it’s all a crapshoot basically.
crackering
wouldn’t that actually be like calling her “RuPaul Charles”? which i think is how she’s credited on the show
usually singers are the worst person to try to impersonate because what they say or how they act is usually not the most interesting thing about them. beyoncé is wonderful and i love her but she’s not funny.
FAT FEM &amp; ASIAN was a BOP
could you post a version without the All-Stars and Aquaria? i love the symmetry of the 1-8 girls!
will she return for season 8???
couldn’t they just shop at their own store?
*derlervererng lerrrrrks*
“revile” is basically the opposite of what you mean. i think you meant “revere”
i said he looks like one not that he is one
you think straights are better than gays?
wait why can i not find that emoji on my phone
in her defense i think she really wants that Oscar so i would go on damage control if i were her too
she used to release those eps for every single of hers, i’m sad they don’t do it anymore
i have it and can see the emoji but can’t find it in my emojis! edit: never mind i was basically blind i finally found it lol
i hear Lost in Japan like 7 times a day and it’s only peaked at 64
literally the first like 8 tracks are all perfection. after Do What U Want i get a little bored tbh but i love Gypsy and Applause at the end
it was like 8 years in the world of show, it definitely would have been too long to bring him back
random pms? i thought it came for about the same length of time every month like clockwork
“i will not forget you” is a little sinister
not really? it’s just showing the same moment multiple times
have you ever like... seen or heard the things Trump has said or done? he’s a vicious hateful man which is why people hate him. Bush was a bad president but the man was adorable and charming.
shithole countries grab em by the pussy mexicans...they’re rapists [Nigerian immigrants] all have AIDS very fine people on both sides laziness is a trait in blacks i like people that weren’t captured Pocahontas Central Park 5 all that Kaepernick nonsense
the japanese flag is also a no turn on red sign
what’s so bad about drinking milk lol
isn’t it Radio City? or are you making a reference lol
i don’t think i have though
i personally joked that she should have been invited back every season just for fun until she finally won. she’s so entertaining that i wouldn’t mind at all.
i’m still sad AS2 wasn’t Haus of Edwards vs Rolaskatox vs Trixya plus Ginger and Tatianna thrown in for fun.
is it me or do pop singers have super thin skin when it comes to lighthearted jokes at their expense also i was stunned when i learned that 100 people thing is a meme on the internet in places other than gagadaily and popheads... like... how were they paying close enough attention to notice it — i know she said it at like 15 different events but usually the straights don’t pay attention to things like that
the DWUW video was apparently an offensive disaster and Lady Gaga would like it to never see the light of day
i didn’t even know she existed until she performed on SNL but i officially love her now and also cannot wait for the album
huh Lollipop was a hit in the US, i had no clue! so they’re 2-hit wonders here
i’ll look into that!
it’s called context clues how do they not understand that everyone loves ripping on their faves
some of her songs are total jams (emotions, hero, we belong together, always be my baby, AIWFCIY) and i’ve tried to get into her discography but just get so bored, i’ve personally felt ashamed about my lack of enthusiasm. i love her voice and wish i liked her songs more (another artist like this for me is Christina Aguilera — great voice, so-so music)
i mean he’s a piece of trash but ok go off i guess lol
i was looking through a box of cards earlier today and about a decade ago my grandma and her daughter (my aunt) sent me the same card christmas card in 2009, another odd part of it being my grandma signed hers as “Nana” which is something my siblings and I never called her, she was always “Grandma.”
i recall Adam Ruining Everything regarding this practice, saying how basically wet wipes are a con by the toilet paper industry
okay i guess that’s true the middle 5 songs are less good
i never understood “reference or not reference”
wow thanks!
holy crap this comment has almost 10k more upvotes than the post
she does seem like she’d be fun to work with unfortunately i can’t foresee anyone in the biz (vocals-wise) collaborating with her until she’s in her mid-late 50’s and even then i doubt it. she’s just not that girl which is okay (and i’m someone who personally would love to hear her collab with Gaga or Beyoncé or Florence because those vocals would be earth-shattering)
wow thank you!
yeah i’m saying that same generation you’re a part of raised the young people of today and clearly did a shit job
lol how is Hillary Clinton sexist
that wikipedia page title was so annoying
a) i don’t recall her saying point blank “vote for me because i am a woman” and b) the definition of the word is “prejudice, stereotyping, or discrimination, typically against women, on the basis of sex” so yeah i’m pretty sure she isn’t sexist
i don’t like him because he has this really mean energy
Kevin Hart was 30 when he posted those anti-gay tweets. that’s an adult man.
it’s a vibrator right
wow that sub has a lot more subs than i would’ve thought
whether or not he spins it that way wouldn’t change the fact he was resigning in disgrace
how did red win nothing it was literally so good
it’s weird that it’s more acclaimed because Dangerous Woman was phenomenal whereas Sweetener is just okay
it’s nowhere near as good as DW imo but i liked it more on average than her first two albums (neither of which did much for me on the whole though i loved the singles from the second album)
it turns out after googling it that i’m the same age as the twins but i still feel exactly like this
ITT: apparently everyone saw this thread live as it aired
who hurt you??
Kristen Bell seems delightful though
well tamar have you been paying attention to the events of the past few days
how do you know this please
isn’t england over there though
“rupaul’s drag race fan group,” it’s one with 74.5K followers
i see now you were sondheimite! i was gypsy101 over there, i used to post all the time though but the last year or two was only an occasional poster i just logged in earlier to check things out and was confused to see it was under maintenance, lo and behold i log onto tumblr and one of the first things in my feed was Patti complaining about the board so it didn’t take me long to figure out what happened (I had been one of the posters who spoke with her personally after the NERDS fiasco so i still follow her to this day). i’m joining the new subreddit, thanks for letting me know!
jesus christ
unfortunately most morals can’t be prosecuted his CRIMES should be
for a lot of movies an oscar nomination is in itself the prize (aka its’s an honor just to be nominated)
they shut down subreddits that are usually pretty virulently offensive, i highly doubt reddit admins have any interest in the goings on about some Broadway actress that they’ve never heard of i’ve been on reddit for almost 3 years, it takes a lot of disgusting content to get a sub shut down and it’s usually from like political extremists
i actually did speak with her on twitter about the Nerds debacle as i was one of the people she quoted in her post about it, so i imagine she may have spoken with other people about it.
it just came out a week ago lol
that’s like an easy weekend
the song was written by Frank Loesser (composer of Guys &amp; Dolls, The Most Happy Fella and How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying) for himself and his wife to perform at dinner parties, he later put it in a film without her knowledge and it won the Oscar. it was a playful song where the lady was playing coy in a flirtatious way, not in a serious way. “say what’s in this drink!” is clearly the lady being exasperated at the alcohol content in the cocktail he made, she is not implying that he is going to use rohypnol to take advantage of her sexually. you have to be a complete moron to not understand the intent behind the song.
how the hell did they do no songs from Kingdom Hearts
i think they’re using it wrong, on my phone 😭 is an option for “sad” and 😂 is for “laugh”
getting rid of Britta, getting rid of the B
those first two were hits in Japan too so why not include them
samples have received credit since long before that though
TIL there are straight KH fans! seriously though, Xemnas and Ansem SOD (Billy Zane) both had sexy voices
even though they’re illegally parked in front of your driveway?
TIL people in NYC don’t know the diff between 😭 and 😂 on the iphone they’re literally grouped with the sad emojis and the happy ones respectively
lol obviously i know his name is Donald Duck, i was just saying he is literally a duck why would he have a gun
who is she though
i like this one from the other day that says “maybe i will bring ‘the dick’ with me!”
i think it’s tacky to call out a deceased persons faults at their funeral in a room full of people who knew them (and already knew about those faults). it doesn’t really get much done anyway since they’re dead.
the thing about ugly babies is that they definitely exist and you’re allowed to think that about a baby, i just don’t give the parents any opinion on the physical appearance. they’re not blind, they can probably tell the baby isn’t gorgeous and nothing you say will help the matter.
we are all ashley on this blessed day
so Androids don’t have the emojis grouped in a certain way? the only smart phone i’ve ever had is an iphone so i don’t know but i would have assumed they were grouped similarly
it was written for the film it was replaced by a reprise or Proud of Your Boy and when the stage musical adaptation of the Disney film was being put together they put it in its original place
it could only go forever down one direction, no turns allowed
the song was written by Frank Loesser (composer of Guys &amp; Dolls, The Most Happy Fella and How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying) for himself and his wife to perform at dinner parties, he later put it in a film without her knowledge and it won the Oscar. it was a playful song where the lady was playing coy in a flirtatious way, not in a serious way. “say what’s in this drink!” is clearly the lady being exasperated at the alcohol content in the cocktail he made, she is not implying that he is going to use rohypnol to take advantage of her sexually. you have to be a complete moron to not understand the intent behind the song.
she truly is the best of both worlds
aw i’m so happy they’re all there for her but where the f is Posh
huh so many of the top comments have been removed
i loved this magazine, i didn’t know it existed til i was in a target in 2003 and saw the issue with the Final Fantasy X-2 cover and demo disc including the Eternal Calm video which I didn’t know was coming but I had played FFX when it came out so i was super psyched, i subscribed until it was cancelled (right around when the PS3 was released) which made me very sad
that one store has so many different attendant, none of whom discussed the woman running away with jewelry with one another and kept getting tricked
lol Maddow is nothing like Hannity
why not 7!
no i mean i can’t tell if it is the letter L or the letter I
i love her in basically anything she’s ever appeared in tbh, she deserved an Oscar nom for Arrival and i’m shocked she’s yet to win one still haven’t seen Sharp Objects unfortunately :(
why don’t they just air all 13 for 13 weeks in a row ugh
Happy Xmas!
i don’t hate the song but for about half the chorus i cannot tell a single word he is saying, the other half i only remember mentions Tony Romo for some reason
it’s the 14th now for eastern time. happy birthday!
best is the default on most subs
does “beyond words” mean good or bad lol
I still don’t remember :(
r/unexpectedgoodplace
oh is that why it went back to number one? i was curious
my faves are the Jacksonville Hillaries
i enjoyed the soundtrack but at some point i feel like they could have just used Sia’s vocals because Natalie basically sounded exactly like her
i didn’t really like the movie very much but the soundtrack definitely has some bops, i just don’t think they necessarily fit in the film.
exactly, i don’t want to see any leaks but the opening with the song i would be fine with
i remember when youtube was literally like brand new and KH2 had been released in Japan 3 months before the US i went and watched some of the opening Twilight Town stuff just cause the wait was unbearable, sometimes when you’ve been waiting for SO LONG a little bit of leak indulgence helps you not go crazy waiting
huh that seems like a fireable offense tbh
that other guy sings??
chasing pavements hit #21 in the US and then like 3 years later i was thinking “wow whatever happened to adele! she was so good, that’s too bad she’s not around anymore” and then WHAM rolling in the deep happened
tennis court somehow only peaked at 71 in the us even though i could have sworn i would hear it on the radio all the time back when Pure Heroine was big
her first six singles peaked #14 or above in the US, that’s super impressive i’ll admit she annoys me and i’ve read her before but she has come catchy bops (and a recent song of hers, All the Ways, is a total jam)
paparazzi is a great song, she really did the damn thing
i thought she said Halloween lol
she even cleverly planted complaints about the toilets for a little while before making her “discovery,” so she really is playing to win
also i’m annoyed that she seems to have forgotten the print she was wearing was giraffe. if the hat cow had giraffe print i would think it was hilarious. now it’s just... a brown cow
agreed, i thought her ass looked pretty good as did my fiancé
i still don’t understand that the Handmaid’s Tale tie in, I’ve only seen one episode of that show but they didn’t seem to relate
i’m so bored of these all stars 2 rules being in effect, i thought it would have been a much more fun idea for each all stars to have its own rules
but also they could be Eastern European
jesus i thought **I** was broke
“You don’t see all your family during the holidays?” sounds like it’s an every holiday sort of thing and nope i don’t think i have, my parents divorced when i was 3 so after that i don’t think all my aunts and uncles were in the same place especially my mother’s siblings who were all spread out across the country. we did have christmas at my grandma’s where all that side would be there pretty consistently but since she started wintering in Florida 6 years ago we do an early thanksgiving sort of thing before she leaves and that’s usually the only time that side is all together, all my cousins and siblings have their own kids now so it makes everyone getting together kind of hard unfortunately. but thanks for reminding me about my lonely life i guess
he may have gotten [Christina Aguilera](https://gt-media.imigino.com/image/1/process/nullxnull?source=https://mojo-baobab-prod-eu-west-1.s3.amazonaws.com/public/cloud/media/image/2018/10/17/82608556xtina.png) confused with [Farrah Moan](https://media2.fdncms.com/stranger/imager/u/original/32327531/mx._show_farrah_moan_cover.jpg), who appeared on RuPaul’s Drag Race season 9 and is currently on All-Stars 4 and has been noted for bearing a passing resemblance to the singer.
not gonna lie that confused the fuck out of me as an american child who didn’t realize “merry christmas” wasn’t said everywhere in the world
i got this feeling on a summer day when you were gone. i crashed my car into the bridge. i don’t care. i love it.
i’m still curious as to why it took like ten guys to direct the thing
let her feel her oats
literally that song is perfect for her now i’m mad it wasn’t her originally
slowed the speed of increase??
huh i thought he probably retired, what a shame
i meant cast recording, thanks for the info! looking forward to both of those
she’s the best of both worlds!
i find most of the songs kind of boring on 4 but until her self-titled album i never really saw her as an “album artist”
i wish there was an Anna Kendrick-only version
do you mean 12AM lol
why the H did Bette Midler pronounce Zachary as Thachary
...don’t tiptoe around the answer
i felt like each game was better than the last one
who the fuck puts baby corn in a salad
she is blonde in this season’s promo but when i just googled her most of the first few pages of image results she’s not blonde
i just googled her and uhhh [when did she get gorgeous](https://www-bostonherald-com.cdn.ampproject.org/ii/w1200/s/www.bostonherald.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/12/051518trainor002.jpg?w=978)
beyoncé is many things but funny is not one of them
it was Leigh Bowery girl
you smell like a baby prostitute
huh i remember love on top and countdown but not the other 2
jizz? lol
for some reason just based on her name i always thought Lykki Li was asian lol edit: what is so offensive about this, why the downvotes edit: i’ve never seen her before! i didn’t mean to offend
huh TIL is adaption is another term for adaptation
“It’s Godzila! with one L, for trademark reasons!”
how is it still copyrighted i feel like it’s about a hundred years old
fuckin Terry man
is that a twist? it’s what i naturally assumed when i read the tweet
because NBC shows the most recent 5 episodes on hulu; i assume once the season is over it will be on netflix as well
i am attractive, yes
almost like op of this thread is a moron and doesn’t know what the fucking french revolution was
man that was so fuckin weird that *he* apologized for... being in the way of a shotgun that was shot at you? i remember it being on the news and that apology creeped me out
but not really unexpected simply for the fact that the thread’s about a vice president shooting a man
isn’t that basically what happened when Trump ran
if i can see New Jersey that means *it* can see *me*
r/redditorswhowereforamomentlostbutaftersecondglancewerenotlost
r/twentycharacterlimit
shooting someone in the face and them apologizing to you is still shitty even if they were there and shot by mistake
still a weird thing to “say sorry” (which is what i thought an apology is?) for
huh i never knew they got rid of that website, that’s sad
many boe? YES what does it mean though
Gary Oldman with longer hair is much hotter than regular Gary Oldman
i literally had tickets for it in November of 2016, some big life stuff ended up happening the same week so i had to miss it but called the same day and was told i could get replacement tickets but the show closed before i was in a place to be able to afford another trip :( it was very sad
“it is a little weird that you’re talking to my doll” “i don’t think i need a drag queen to define normal behavior” he must’ve thought it was Chad Michaels
seriously i was confused by that illustration as a child cause i didn’t remember Snape being described as Asian
i think that interfered with his acting maybe
how are they both pieces of shit though
