You've got a friend in me (bah dum bah dum bah)
"Where are my testicles, Summer?". That was all I needed.
-heavy breathing-
You glorious bastard
Not sure if emoji analysis translates to swearing but maybe
Or since day 1
I love the idea. Maybe 6-8% less damage each time? (IE, Skarmy could still hard-counter it)
Mostly tap spells (except zapping hordes) and drag troops
IT'S YOUR BOY
Are we allowed to keep Floyd I'll fight other people for him
Think he's worth 2 years 9 mil?
Easily bent, flexible?
LET'S GO!!!
I mean, 28 TDS to 2 INTs is almost as sexy
Easy bent, flexible?
I think I'd rather have Blount get one more to get past 2009 Peterson.
We're on to... uh... either KC, Houston, or Miami?
Was the Floyd block on there and I just didn't see it? Great job as always.
By running into his center's ass?
My list adds Denver but yeah. Some teams are as good as we are, and a loss does not a season make.
Easily bent, flexible?
It's been a long time gone
And James Earl Jones is pretty old
I think it was when she was declared stable
...Captain Deadpool
I think we may need some kind of... wall... to keep that ice royalty out... wait a sec isn't this on the holonets?
So- Night's King- Brady Snow- Luck/Rodgers Dany- Eli That's as far as I've gotten
Back in the original, they had these clearly fake minivans with missiles. As a loyal stormtrooper, I frequently repurposed them for Imperial dominance.
Username checks out.
So... you OK?
Somebody call PETA. Our new WR seems to enjoy dolphin cruelty.
Wow. Isn't that amazing? I mean, shit. I got motion sickness just from looking at it.
Baby: "hey I want my arm." Dog: "no."
Presented by Bill Belichick, is the 2016 Bill Belichick CotY Award, presented to... Bill Belichick
Yeah, if Bill Belichick joined Reddit.
Am now officially convinced you're the crazy dude from that one Poe story
Hello children
The 'depressed birthday existential crisis' phase.
Sexy as hell (yeah right) Babes knocking on the door (they aren't)
The best part is I love you and you have a great time with you guys I hope you're having fun
Dude Portal was the shit
He's the man who's gonna burn your house down! with^the^lemons^
Up
No let's not do that
1
As is tradition
I'm like 90% sure it was because of Destiny (the game), but I remember the first time I made an account I was driving back from Florida and didn't have anything to do (I'm from NE)
Shit. In no particular order Civil War Deadpool Rogue One Dr. Strange Mad Max Matrix Bee Movie Batman v Spermicide I'm sure there were more but those are the ones I remember
A Song of Ice and Fire
Probably, but those were the movies I saw for the first time in 2016
EB, Hog, Zap/Log. 12 elixir
Sparky, Ewiz, Zap, Lightning, Tesla... what am I missing?
Play
r/empiredidnothingwrong
Boobs?
s..e..n... oh.
Physically? 3-4? Personality-wise? Maybe a 7?
Oh god no
I'd love to find this. Is there a way to get this under $30 on Xbox?
You just leave whoever you hit... stunned.
While wondering about good Elite Barb counters, I kept finding myself using the Log and Ice Golem. So, why not combine those cards into one? Quake Wizard essentially fires off a short range log every two seconds, complete with knockback and inability to hit air troops. It also works as a more offensive version of Bowler.
Wider range and higher damage, but they are similar
I've been looking hard enough for several years. I basically grew up playing SWB1, and I've always wanted to play the sequel,
This only worked with gold storages for me. But it definitely works, you all should do it.
The spirit of the rule
Don't be ridiculous. It's only 36 between all of them
Dumbass? Some of it is hard to make out. /S
g10.50 I think
What? All the way back to 1550 now?
Maybe literally!
...what?
...no?
Kneel before the True King, God-Emperor Belichick. Hear his name and tremble!
It's ok
Double elixir, pump, clone, and mirror. I did this with goblins once.
...No. That's not how it works.
Guards, Ice/Golems, Giants?
Do you have some spare attic space I could borrow for 4 years and 2 weeks
That's not how it works
With this many broken promises, maybe he'll break his promise to be president? I mean, this is what he ran on. A 40-foot tall concrete wall through swamps and rivers.
No way. There's no way he could do that! /s
That is simply not true. I bet he cares about his children and maybe his wife. So, 5. 5 of the American people.
North Carolina resident. Here, we just call this Tuesday. EDIT- not the snow, mind you. The bad driving.
Teacher
No that's what he would do if he was
Thought this was r/politics for a sec
...Barbarians, Minions, Hog Riders...
I had a L7 Hog as a L6. I... was in Arena 4 for a while.
...fine, I'll call them. r/Dreadfort, get over here.
You're in on it aren't you
I am the sand guardian guardian of the sand
Idk man looks good to me
Ugh. I was stuck there for MONTHS.
The MGL, Charge Rifle, and Archer are your friends. Use them to fatal Titan score.
My PE teacher is actually a pedo. Or at least, that's what he looks like. It's kind of a running gag.
I'd change the matchmaking so you only play people within 100 trophies (50 on each side), and 1000 exp (stopping most 9v10s, and all 9v11s).
Falcons, Cows, Hawks, Pack. In that order.
Bold Prediction- the Patriots cover the spread late
I'd LOVE to get the Chiefs at Gillette, but I think we're the best team left.
Gronk's out- are we healthy?
Rodgers is probably top 15 but I doubt he's even 10 at this point
Well at least you're honest
Pure bubblegum, maybe.
I may need to summon help from r/Patriots for this, but let's try it. F
The username really makes this
Nice
I got Icebreaker and the cool white ornament within 10 minutes of each other. Second Dawning armor piece, as well.
My 'look' right now is Days of Iron gear with Ophidians, so... looks?
Fucking Telesto. Been chasing it for nearly a year at this point.
This is a good idea, but 'weight' should be considered. I'd blacklist- Golem Royal/Giant/Skeleton PEKKA Bowler
For 13 elixir? I mean, don't most people just drop a MM on it anyway?
Another idea- what does it do to swarm troops? Barbs, Elites, Gobs, etc. Do they all get wings?
E
...what?
QUALITY SHITPOSTING!
Quality shitposting my friend
E
I'm pretty sure the Cop could outlast Arnie, but the real question is if the T-1000 could. You'd think so, right? I suppose I should also shamelessly plug r/whowouldwin as well
Maybe the Assassin's Order from AssCred? They could probably assassinate enough leaders to grind them to a halt.
67,084
Maybe that's why I don't like him
Nah he's the guy from the Dr Pepper commercials Or maybe Corneal Sanders
Zap or Log, actually. Thanks for your opinion!
S
3 Most Used- Hog, Elite Barbs, Mega Minion 3 Least Used- Skeletons, Minions, Knight Direct Damage, Tie- Log and Zap Least Used- Lightning Most used Building- Furnace Least Used- Barbarian Hut Best Addition- Atlantis, Jungle, and Titan arenas Most Overpowered Card of 2017- Elite Barbarians As of January 2017 Zap Elite Barbs Ice Golem Hog Rider Mega Minion Bowler The Log Skarmy/Ice Wiz (depending on my mood) As of January 2018 (guessing, obvs) Zap Goblin Gang Ice Golem Hog Rider Mega Minion Furnace The Log Graveyard Favorite Card 2017-18 (no way this changes) Hog Rider !remindMe 1 year
&lt;--Joke-- (Your Head)
...why does she have nipples?
My deck has problems countering air, and Clone/LavaLoon is pretty much GG whenever I see it.
I don't have a chance, but the closest I'd get is with a spider.
I... what? That was glorious
Hmm... what about ASoIaF Greatjon Umber? He managed to drink a half dozen Freys into the ground and never passed out.
Titanfall's movement and Portal's puzzles Portal's puzzles and Monument Valley's... everything Fallout NVs world and Titanfall's movement Destiny's RPG-ness and Titanfall's gunplay Witcher 3's everything in KOTOR's universe (lol) If you can't tell I like Portal and Titanfall a lot
Hanzo with bits of cybernetics Mercy in Pharah's armor Pharah with Mercy's wings Lucio with Reaper's hoodie
Your lockers have handles?
Took me a sec... where do I get one?
The Dark God Belichick's power was too great for even Jesus himself
Nah, crappy 3-turn locks that work about half the time. They are optional at my school, though.
...what?
How big was it? I'm no artist, but unless it's a foot long, 6 hours seems like a lot.
King On King would be awesome
There are dozens of you! Dozens!
Hog, Log, and Zap
Oooooh. You twist it back and forth until it opens.
Do you guys still need? I'm just over 3000, donate around 400 per season and would leave my clan (too many BMers). In-game is ActuallyAquaman.
It's user error. If you twist them so much as a tenth of an inch off, it doesn't register. Sometimes you just have to do it a few times.
Ha, yeah. Me too. By the way, anyone know how to make concentrated dark matter? I need it for something.
Behold, my friends, the salt mines of Reddit.
I still think it should be ~750 on a 3 second charge for 5
Like... play Xbox games on my phone? I'd never STOP playing.
&lt;--joke-- (Head)
No he's an atypical fruit
Where could I find this if I wanted to print it myself (if that's OK). Also, you should try the Tesla or Inferno Tower next.
Patriots had one too, back a few years ago. I wonder how many SD fans there are... a few dozen, right?
I'm be honest- I thought this was going to be a little more Belichick-centric. How he defined success in a league where it's increasingly hard to do so. I liked where you took it, though.
C
Sounds about right. Will test myself and report back.
This doesn't even begin to work
And Belichick's son is a DBs coach. And Brady has an 8-yo boy. I say the dynasty shall rule forever.
The best kind of cock ring
Yeah. I might wait till Belichick retires, too. 'The End of An Era', and all that.
Homerism aside, he's probably 3rd. Bell, Elliot, then the Leg Carrot.
...yep! Username checks out!
T
Do a threeway Steal some Brady juice Clone him Make more Bradys
How about 4 rings We have those
We also tolerate the Rams, Eagles and Panthers
JJ Watt is injured
Pliable
Pats fan coming in peace. Can we join you guys on that whole fucking the colts thing?
IIIIIIIITTTTT'SSSS DIIIIIIOOOOONNN!!!
Nooow we're peeking back up
Is Cyrus Jones inactive... or dead?
Sea Monster transformation Bacteria Control Sword Arm The ability to make lifeless places liveable? I think Dream Me pulls it off, but it's close
Revan wins R1, but loses 2 and 3
I want to keep using Hog and Graveyard. Log and Zap can't leave. Elite Barbs are rather OP, and I probable should keep them in. What about the other 3?
Air decks
Yeah. I'm working on leveling up Furnace.
Whoever wins wins by 20 because none of the 2016 games have been particularly close
Chiefs, obviously. Steelers have a 10% chance of lighting us up, but the Chiefs don't have that explosive tendency.
Yes they should pay him a lot of money Give him the whole salary cap
That's, uh, not how it works. Even if Trump gets impeached, Pence takes office. If Pence goes down with Trump, Ryan takes office. I'm not sure what happens after that, but Sanders ain't going anywhere.
Me too thanks? /s
Uh... source? I'd love to see this happen, don't get me wrong, but this sounds... off.
...having regular missionary position sex when she decided to wedge my oh wait it's YOU again.
Is there a way we could zoom in the chart any? Maybe color-code by sets? It's interesting, but you can't really see what's going on at the sub-100 dollar level.
Yeah but when was the last time when an evil team didn't at least make the championships? 2015 was pretty subpar though
Fuckin' Flacco
Ignoring levels and Legendaries, your best bet is do either do a RG or EB-based deck. Everybody'll hate you, but it works. I'd do- Zap Furnace Mega Minion Hog Valkyrie Musketeer Elite Barbarians Freeze It's been a while since I've been in A7. If LavaLoon is cancer down there, maybe swap something for Minion Horde. Freeze, probably.
Hey that's insulting to all 8th graders
Idk man I think LavaLoon will be the next cancer
Yeah, I need to get Loon leveled up.
This makes me happy
As much as it hurts me to say it, it has to be the Pack. I can't think of anything more evil than converting a 3rd and 20, then hitting 2 consecutive 51 yard field goals to eliminate another Evil team and keep the Chalice. Edit- I forgot to add the fact they allowed the Boys to think they got back in it before crushing their spine. It has to be the Pack. It'll be the last time they win it this season, though.
I think you mean getting Brady a ring for the thumb
It will be nice to see where the Chalice really belongs... on our dark God Belichick's neck.
An average-sized office building is around 50 floors. They don't have fatal weapons, and I'll assume we can get all the doors locked in time. If I turned off all the elevators and escalators (make them run in reverse?) and managed to fortify around a staircase on a few different floors, I bet I could make it. If the building has security, we're surviving 9/10 (guns!). If they don't, it depends on what other kinds of weapons we could find.
The nice thing about it is LavaLoon can probably counter LavaLoon fairly well
Considering the amount of caffeine I drink, sounds like I'm living forever
Huh. That's kind of interesting. How many SBs have featured 2 EloE teams?
What's your LEAST favorite card? Building? Strategy?
Obviously 13
Hey guys it's Scarce and today do I have a surprise for you
Shit man I'd remember someone named u/zombiewithebola
All three of them?
Difficult, yeah. Nowhere near impossible.
Truth
I took 3 boxes of Girl Scout cookies last year. They never found out.
Aw man Garnet is gonna hate Trump
Onion x Cluster DONE
I mean, I prefer Portal to HL as well.
To me, it's the fact it's more unique than the majority of games out there. Half Life is a lot of fun, but it's more similar to other games. Honestly, the other thing- I played Portal and 2. I never played the OG HL. Maybe that's why?
Alright- you would have to buy two Color one all black and blue Make the other white and gold Periodically switch them when people come to your house
JFK or Reagan, most likely. Lincoln, Roosevelt or Washington could get it too.
Initial- Forgiveness. Well, shit. Can I try again?
FDR, but both could apply.
Net marble was always great about these things with their marvel game
My field- convincing other people My phone call- Trump, to convince him to declare war on North Korea My item- a nuclear submarine because I'm getting the HELL outta there Repeat for all scenarios
Oh, different Manning. I came in here to make jokes about Peyton.
That's worrying!
I got Pryce from my opening. I'd love to try to get Ben or Kanan.
You say this like you're surprised at this point
1. Blount out-yards, outscores, and outrecieves Bell 2. Patriots get a safety, TD, FG- all 3 scores 3. Rodgers misses a Hail Mary 4. The Falcons win 5. Rothesberger is statistically the best QB of the 4 (How do I bold things? I'm on mobile.)
Was Luck drafted 3 seasons ago? I don't remember. If not, I want... Carr.
I thought that was Belichick's job?
"Please don't compare Brady to any QB other than Flacco and IMMA STOP YOU RIGHT THERE
Phillipenes?
FUMBLE
So, uh, Pats fan coming in peace 1. Mo Williams 2. Mark Sanchez 3. Darrell Revis
Don't worry. It is possible to get two blowouts on the same day. 😉
FUMBLE
#TOM BRADY IS PLAYING FOR ME
And a fourth
You have to know the handshake (It's a regular handshake but you're holding an aborted fetus.) /s
I mean, I'll take it.
I'M FENWICK
...But they do.
Silly infidel. Don't you know Tom Brady is our lord and savior?
Nice
17-6, guys. Make it happen.
Bell and Flowers. Steelers RB and Pats... defender
Up in r/Patriots we call him a goat not a horse But I'm down with that no retirement thing
I can't get rid of him fast enough.
LETS GO!
LET'S GO!
Don't get cocky kid
Pizza, obviously.
FALCONS BETTER GET OUT THE WAY
Wew lad
He needs to be the Super Bowl captain
I somehow doubt this
Well, uh, stop letting him destroy you deep.
"We're reporting live, folks, as a new salt mine has been opened in downtown Pittsburgh. Estimates state that the salt should flow like water for the months to come."
I can't say I agree.
Shit, wouldn't you be salty if one team had 7 AFC titles in 14 years?
And it isn't like Atlanta has much of a chance either
My best friend is actually a Falcons fan. He's cool.
And somehow we're winning
There actually were several on the Steelers sub when I was there
Dawwwwww I hope you're ok
Pats fan. I breathed just a little bit harder than usual. Nice.
Atlanta has one like this on their sub It's not especially intimidating
Yessir
Are you serious? I think he's being serious guys.
Our Lord and Savior Bill Belichick. The dark shall lead us to the light.
I mean apparently not
Nope. Can't say that I will be
Shit, I bet he could turn the 50,000 of us on this sub into a 12-4 team if he wanted to
Fiveee, siixxxx, Roger's a bitch.
Yknow, once, twice... seven motherfucking times
That sounds right
Maybe if he gets to #2 and wins this ring... Patriots HoF certainly but maybe not league-wide
I think you're giving their offense too much credit. They're good, definitely, (best in the league), but they have zero rushing ability. Belichick will shut down Jones, and we'll drop 30+ on them.
Why do you think Rodgers had to throw so many Hail Marys?
I think you meant the entire league
Yeah, that's who I meant. Thanks.
They're also poor, have a dumb accent, and are Irish, too, did you forget that? Not only that, but... they all smell bad! Yeah! I'm an adult!
Obviously not the end all be all comparison, but the Patriots do have double the subs vs here on r/Steelers. Of course, that doesn't mean much, but it's not a bad indication.
Aaaaand /thread
My personal favorite is from Clash of Kings, when Tyrion first arrives. He's talking to LF, who comments that more hill tribesmen are raiding the Vale. "Distressing", Tyrion said, who had armed them.
...back in a sec. (Hazel, where are you?)
The best Bojangles is the nearest Bojangles
Get out now
Blasphemy?
This is the best thing I've read all day
R1 probably is a stalemate, but the Trump Train takes 2-4.
Would 'standard issue' include drones or tanks? If yes, probably like 2 Repeat for all rounds
Depends where. He seems scrappy enough to make it, and that Tac-Visor is on par with the Wanderer and Survivor. He likely joins the BoS, and best guess is he would survive until natural death ~20 years from entry. He'll make it.
Hmmm. 20? Assuming adequate ammo.
I just thought of something- it would take one. Say you're a Viking, and this guy is standing on a hill a few hundred feet away. Now, look to your left. Your buddy who was standing beside you- there was a crack, and his head exploded. Would you still want to fight this guy?
The flaw in your logic is assuming the Lions and Bears will make it that far But I'm OK with this if it happens
You expected downvotes on a post about a dog? We aren't really that bad, are we?
Scrolled down to look for you
That might actually be the right way to do it. Knock it down to 5, give it a ~150 shield, and slightly lower it's attack.
Why would you want to be in a jet? Fuck the jets
There's a lot of Pats fans in NC, especially around here. They aren't top 15 I don't think
All of them. And we'll be asking that as well when Julio has three targets the entire game.
Smith would eat him alive. As in, rip off pieces of Edelman and eat them.
Takeaway- Brady's pretty good at this whole footballing thing. (3 at home, 1 on road. Over 100 both areas.)
Bill Belichick- HC Kyle Shanahan (Falcons dude)- OC Identical clone of Bill Belichick- DC
Anywhere else, hopefully
New England, 38-24. MVP is Brady.
If you guys don't read his stuff, you really should. It's a lot of fun.
Hawwwwwgggg Riiiiidahhh I actually took it out of my deck yesterday for the first time since reaching a4.
They better not I just got him to L8
Just replace all Gods with your favorite sports player If it's Tom Brady it's basically the same anyway
It gives you a fifth sloy
Oh thank god. How many downvotes do you think I get if I repost this comment over... well. You know.
You kidding? Mexico ain't paying for a brick of it.
I hope he chokes on it
Get to your national parks quickly, folks. The coal factories begin construction next month. Because, yknow, God forbid we try to let our children live in a planet with an ozone layer.
Doubt it. Definitely second, though. We're 4th right now, right?
Thing is, I don't think the majority of them do. Because for a while, when I was lurking (know your enemy and all that.) they were actively bashing other social media sites as an 'echo chamber'.
Sounds about right!
They're just following the ways of their emperor
You learn something new every day! (unless you don't want to)
Pats o-line helps the RBs to 150+ yards and Brady to three scores and no sacks in a 38-24 win
Shit I'd forgive him for all this year's crap
U
Don't you fucking dare
No. Pats drop no less than 35.
Coincidentally, this is also his 17 year anniversary of being a Pats coach
T
As somebody who routinely finishes second this might be even funnier
Happy birthday! Mine was (and always has been) the day after Winter Break.
More or less yeah I kind of like it though
C
Oh I was going for Fuck the Jets
As an added bonus, her boyfriend is a total asshole to everyone around him- including me. I could get behind this.
Believe in yourself you can do it
What if they patched one in in like the last week of the VoG and didn't tell anyone
I concur with your agreement about his disagreement!
r/Dreadfort will wish to hear of this
Can I have a few thousand Like 20
-sigh- r/royalerecruit
If you're using it by itself, yes. It isn't worth 5 elixir. If you run LITERALLY ANYTHING ELSE*, though, it gets really good really fast. *that could be considered even a light tank. EG; IG, RG, Giant, Golem, etc
Lose IW for IG and you should be good /s
I mean, it'll work...
-watches video- Sees the cancer kid from the Ravens game NOPE NO CRYING TODAY
WOAH MAN WATCH OUT MY MOM ALMOST CAUGHT ME WITH SWEAR WORDS ON MY IPOD
Now imma stop you right there because some of those rocks helped save the planet from aliens
So, uh, now that you're in the club... ...want a blue pill?
That malnutrition thing sounds legit but imma need a source on the Left being anti-science
Except assuming things are allowed to continue at their current pace they definitely will be Hell, it's already happening.
I think it had something to do with English longbowmen and either Scottish or French soldiers doing it before a battle.
And in the end, he did not shit gold.
McDaniels you traitor
Fuckin' Denver
Damn, almost got it.
JAMES!
Junkrat *heavy breathing*
Gotta set up the sequel?
I've heard he's really good, yeah.
J
Well don't let Brady drop 400 yards and three scores on you next time. And maybe don't allow the biggest (at the time) SB comeback of all time.
Kill the droids, annihilate Vader. Don't cleanse, it's a zVader.
At some point during the Third, the Pats were down ten. When they came back, it was the biggest comeback in SB history.
Oh. Maybe it was tied for the biggest comeback?
No. DPS characters need to be 5/6/7 stars.
Roster? Depends on who you have.
somebody go get the pitchforks I'll go find the torches
It is perfectly acceptable to hate the FitnessGram PACER Test is a multistage aerobic capacity Test that progressively gets harder as it continues.
T- Beep R- U- Beep M- P- Lettuce
Can there be three of us?
r/titlego... oh.
B. B. Lettuce
What? No. Guaranteed Target Lock and a dispel. He's the best ship I have, and I have almost all of them.
~9800. Guild has an under-10,000 damage policy for the first 24 hours, so I've been bringing in my underleveled Rey to drop a good hit that brings me close.
You mean the US election?
Posting 0 in rancors
...ew?
Try to get him to 4 obviously, but he's plenty viable at 3*.
It isn't hard to get, and the health boost is always nice
Well...it helps with offense too? It's optional- you don't have to do it.
This would be a great going to spend a few marquee events on. Maybe Bossk, Embo, Jango, Durge?
"What a mystery!" -Padperacha (fuck it) "Well, I'm convinced. Time to Execute!" -Yellow Diamond
I remember back when I played Pokémon and benches were this (ironically) huge thing B E N C H E S E N C H E S
Is that hat in the official uniform?
Dungeon Creation. Hope Double King doesn't mind spending the rest of his life in some Diablo level.
Trump, on the other hand, likes golden showers of unfathomable sadness.
I main Winston because he's the perfect balance between tank and support, and he's more agile than most.
Looks like Jango!
You aren't u/shittymorph Get em'!
YOU RAPED HER
YOU KILLED HER CHILDREN
Soldier's Missiles, Hanzo's Scatter Arrows, Tracer's Recall, Mcree's Flashbang, Roadhog's everything.
I just kinda feel bad for the Bills.
Bill Belichick and two identical clones
Pass is... INTERCEPTED AT THE GOAL LINE! UNREAL!
"I can't take it anymore! I just wanna die!"
Cars
That's good, right?
I actually got mine the same day too, a few weeks back. Word of advice, bring Scimitar, Umbaran, and Biggs to keep the Advanced alive as long as possible. Use Biggs' taunt until he dies, then bring Scim in to pseudotaunt Umbaran.
I found joining a community really helped me get back into it. Been playing for... a while (before TFA), and knowing that if I played long enough I'd get GK really helped.
What about the commie frog
And Indonesia
Hold on to it- Thrawn might have something amazing.
I actually didn't know he was the fastest (assumed that was FOTP.) That's actually a pretty good reason to do it. I guess he is next.
I mean, two of them are pretty decent
Ezra and Sabine
Sabine, but I'll admit I'm reaching a little. She's really good under Wedge.
Your sandwiches are weird
That's the thing- they aren't great for us high players, but they are the new Lando/STH/Biggs/Wedge/Other that most early players go for.
Legendary characters don't show up in packs
Ezra/Aayla/Kanan, in that order. None of the others are worth it, unless you've got 7-star Fulcrum.
Start Sabine and either Hera or Ezra now. Give the others ~6 weeks if Zeb. If you're using Chopper instead of Zeb, start him about now.
Mix them
F
Chopper or Zeb
Who would the reward be? BB-8?
Ezra until ~20/65, then switching over. Will hope for five through Fleet.
Or Droideka
Leave out Say Uncle and whatever won last time
I might even accept a pine tree hat, even though that wasn't technically her.
I actually don't hate it either, but it was for continuity reasons.
And give the rest to Genji. He's even got a brother!
Came out like two days ago
Hades stomps nearly all rounds. The only ones that could stand up to him are people with Toon Force, Maleificent, Hercules, and Elsa. The guy from Milan wins the singing contest and makes a man out of everyone.
I got a 30 speed arrow, if we're sharing drops
Me too thanks
RemindMe! 3 Weeks
Every day, more *lies*
Finn, obviously. After that... Poe, Trooper, R2, Rey, Pilot, in that order Honorable mentions- Sidious, your standard meta characters
1
QGJ, Barriss, Ezra, Anakin, Yoda/Asokha? You need GK, though. Can't run a Jedi team without him.
You just trolling or
I actually kinda like Flying Machine
But your leg (Ah!) it's caught in a bear trap!
You have to have Lifelink. Depending on their marriage, you could make fun of them with Haste (even though that's mostly red.)
Bucky?
Ironic, considering who won him the presidency.
I think the idea is it's more of an 'ultimate prize' for Luke. I'm actually not against the idea.
The R2 semitaunt is probably better than Kanan
Several thousand, but I'm not complaining. He's spending so the rest of us don't have to.
"Beatings will continue until morale imporoves."
We tired of winning?
Preferably 90 of them
I can access the internet with my mind I wonder if it would need wifi
I prefer the sequel, Backdoor Sluts 9.
Backdoor Sluts Episode ll, Attack of the Cocks
canon until proven otherwise
Just... don't play it.
Lord Buckethead is smarter than that
Soccer
Help it. Get some stop.
If he hit one of us with that it would probably be the most expensive thing we've ever touched
From giant cat monsters
This... this is bullcrap, right? Anyone else get it?
Aw man. That guy looks like Ryan Reynolds mixed with a Sharpie.
Not technically *in* a school, but my old bus driver called everyone at the back of the bus, and I quote, "goddamn cotton pickers." Yes, I do live in the South. Yes, he was still our driver for the rest of the year.
1/4 for Sabine? Lucky you. It's ALL RT and Rey for me.
Old Ben, Raid Han, Leia, R2, and Chewbacca (ANH Luke) Wedge, Yoda, Lando, Lobot, Biggs (ESB Luke) Vader, Emperor, Royal Guard, Stormtrooper, TFP (RotJ Luke) Gamorrean Guard, Boba, Bounty Leia, Lando, Raid Han (Bone Luke)
28-3 and the Cubs should be tossed on
Put it on Poe or Kylo
Ha! I've had her TWICE!
Yeah, I'm getting GK in four days, so I've been thinking about this too- and it's GK in a landslide. He's good on any team, where Thrawn is a lot more self-contained. GK doesn't have to be leader- Thrawn does. And finally, GK will be 7* before Thrawn will.
RemindMe! 1 Week
Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa Pa pa Pa pa pa pa pa pa Yee
Oh my sweet summer child
Congrats- mine just had GK day yesterday. I get mine Monday. It goes by fast!
They did many crusades. Some of which almost didn't fail. But at least the Italians got some sweet trade deals.
Buttery Males?
Who would choose a fire dinosaur dragon over a turtle with guns?
You must like shoulderpads.
Ę̞̺̳̮͔̖͂ͨ͘x̵̮̝̫̞ͩ̍̈ͫͩ̕ţ̩̯̳̻̙̦ͦͩ̽͂ͩ̍͒ͭ͘͜r̪̮̖ͣ̌ͧa̵̩͈̭̰ͮͣ̆̊͞ Ţ̩̯̳̻̙̦ͦͩ̽͂ͩ̍͒ͭ͘͜h̦̟̉̑ͨ̓̚͟i̺̞̼͍̥̰ͧ̂̈́́̀č͔̘̃͊ͧ́ͅč͔̘̃͊ͧ́ͅ
*taking over Poland* Wait is that like a dating thing or can I do that myself
1. Iron Man's Endo-Sym armor. Used primarily for defense, where I don't really have to focus on it. 2. A White Lantern ring. I'm not taking any chances here. 3. A lightsaber. All I need is the first two anyway, so why not take home a lightsaber?
Slave One. Gun it down from the lower atmosphere. Without the ship, it gets a little more complicated. Maybe with the Jetpack and one of his lightsabers, he can stab him in the neck?
Not with enough explosives
I was playing offline- is it possible it has something to do with linking to the mobile app?
UPDATE- it restored itself. Must have been a server hiccup. Thanks for the help!
Yeah, it fixed itself. Server hiccup, I guess.
I actually don't think we'll see one for a while, but probably FO. Pain in the ass to max out, logical character link (Snoke), and they could release him to advertise TLJ.
Could be great on a tank that can't taunt. B2 comes to mind. Could also work on someone like DT, GK, or Baze.
One of these days I'll guess it's you before it turns out that it's nineteen ninety eight
S
1. Rebels. Ten-Up challenge, and includes some of the best early and late game characters around. Also let's you unlock Thrawn and Palpatine. 2, 3 (tie). Empire and Jedi. Both unlock a mod challenge, have a handful of good characters each, and unlock a Legendary character. Both bad for arena. 4. Scoundrels. Includes severa good characters, and lets you do Credit Heists and Training Droids. Overlap with Rebels (STH and Lando) keep it lower. 5, 6 (tie). Resistance and First Order. Both unlock a mod challenge, have a handful of good characters each, and will likely be very good in the future. HM. Sith. Probably the best single faction for Arena, although that's falling off. Have a top-two character in the game, and multiple viable leaders.
You seem to like Winston, who's a decent team player, and Roadhog, a decent solo act, so let me introduce you to your new best friend- Zenyetta! You can be your team's token healer, AND you're an above average DPS! (I'm actually not a Zen main. Winston and Rein for me. Playing with a Zen just makes everything easier, though.)
Young punks. Get off my lawn.
I'm only at around ~150 in Arena, so I can actively avoid Chaze teams. My main targets are a few FOs, a Clone, a Droid, and Empires.
He's certainly lower on the totem pole, though. I'd put zKylo and most of the faction leads (zPhasma, zFinn, zQGJ) before him. Probably R2 and Thrawn's uniques as well.
Well, I got GK on Monday. He's G8 (damn stun cuffs). He doesn't auto-taunt, but he'd taunt after nearly every Wiggs blast. Maybe him (in a few gear levels?)
Get Wedge if at all possible.
You kidding? A Boba or a Palpatine would love this mod.
Hmmm... Ackbar?
Well, then I need Baze, a nightmare in itself. Suppose I can start working on a LS9B team and gathering crystals...
It shall be done, my lord.
It's about half that on both those numbers. Still on the higher side, though.
Vietmeme War veteran. Me too thanks.
The normies have breached our defenses! Stay alive!
o7 yes sir
ReEeEEeeeeEEEE NoRmIEs GET oUT
Take Edelman and Welker off. Put Brown and Branch on. Recency bias is ruining this.
The first one seems to be from SB49, where he lead a 10 point comeback and set basically all of the passing records (to break them two years later). Assuming the fourth one isn't SB51, I choose the first. /s
Well, the other Rein threw up his shield instead of attacking and *he* had a gold weapon too
Put mentos in it
F
Next- solo all four raids, without dying, on a PS2.
Replaces all weapons with Shot Package Felwinter's Lie unlimited ammo Inferno Mayhem Combined Arms Rumble Supremacy
This isn't regular shitposting. This is *advanced* shitposting.
One of the Batman animated series-es, or Rick and Morty.
