The turret thing wasn't a glitch, but a game mechanic.
It doesn't make sense for an ODST to carry a turret, period. The mechanic was left it because it was fun.
&gt; there's some story that's behind his new look How is that not confirmation of an in-universe explanation for the Chief's new look? &gt; Chief's armor change isn't mentioned in game This is probably the closest thing to evidence against the nanomachine theory, but that's a stretch. You know what else isn't mentioned in the game? Why there are suddenly Spartan-IVs. Does that mean they've always existed? Of course not. &gt;Chief's new undersuit matches the redesigned undersuit used by the SIVs &gt;Blue Team's Mark VI resembles Chief's redesigned armor, not his classic set. &gt;We know that's their Mark VI because of the H2A terminals Yes, Blue Team stated field testing Mjolnir components that would later be used in [GEN2]. At best, that helps explain the similarities between the Chief's upgraded suit and [GEN2]'s design. &gt; There are in-universe examples of Chief's redesigned armor prior to the events in Halo 4. There are also in-universe examples of the Chief's classic Mk. VI, such as his appearance in Halo 2 Anniversary and Spartan Strike. The comics generally use the "current" version of the Chief to avoid confusing casual fans. It's the same reason you have a statue of the Chief wearing his upgraded Mk. VI in the #HUNTtheTRUTH trailers. &gt; The battle damage sustained in Halo 3 is still visible on his new armor And there are plausible explanations for it's presence. Canonically, you never really see the Chief's armor until after he crashes on Requiem. It could easily have been sustained during that fall. I know you can actually see it in co-op or when you die, but those aren't canonical occurrences. &gt; Signifigant scarring to Mark VI cannot be repaired by nanobots. What does this have to do with anything? The Chief was in cryo for 4.5 years. Cortana made the upgrades while he was out. The nano-machines aren't something built into the suit. &gt; Chief's armor was repaired after defeating the Didact rather than replaced. Again, what does this have to do with anything? &gt; His new armor has thrusters which weren't on the classic design Mark VI. Cortana upgraded his suit. She could have easily added these. &gt; Concept art for Halo 4 showed Blue Team using nearly identical armor to Chief's That's not Blue Team, those are just Spartans. The art book even labels them as just general Spartans, and it's part of the section on the multiplayer. I have checked the evidence, and I find any idea that the Chief's new look is simply artistic severely wanting. I was on the side of it being simply an artistic change when we saw that first Halo 4 trailer, and continued to defend that position for months until I started seeing evidence that there was an in-universe explanation.
I doubt it will change your mind, but here's another quote from Frank O'Connor: &gt; "There's some fairly radical modifications to his armor," O'Connor said. "Some of those are an artistic evolution, but some are connected to the story. We just can't talk about it yet. He's been in space for a long time." [Source](http://www.ign.com/articles/2011/12/02/master-chief-will-change-in-halo-4)
&gt; Aren't you the person who runs Halo Canon? I am
I certainly don't ignore the inconsistency of the nanobot theory, but I accept that there is more to the Chief's armor than just an artistic change. Maybe the nanobot theory is wrong, but the fact that evidence exists to refute the idea that it's simply artistic change is too much for me to ignore. If I find something compelling to discuss regarding the subject, I'll gladly bring it up again. However, as I stands, the evidence, to me, points to the conclusion that the Chief's armor in Halo 4 is an upgraded variant of his Mk. VI. I don't really care for the explanation, and the communication was piss-poor at best, but to me, those are the facts.
&gt; Please tell me you wouldn't quit too. I wouldn't, and I don't.
It's not concept art. More that likely, that's from one of Halo 5's terminals.
Those were vague overviews. The real design requirement and specifications would have been with Materials Group.
Looks like we might be waiting to find out who the red Spartan is. I was hoping all of Locke's teams would be revealed next week, but it looks like they might be saving that for GI. Still, this is fucking awesome! EDIT: Or not. I forgot these issues come out a month ahead of the stated month.
Currently, Naomi is the only one we know of. You could argue someone like Serin Osman, but she's only a Spartan in name. Likely, though, the GI article just said that to make things simple.
Oh yeah, there are plenty of potentially active Spartan-II. I'm just saying that Naomi is the only one we know of, for sure.
Where did they state that? Also, the level in question take place only 8 months after Halo 4's campaign.
I know. I never said it went missing after Halo 4. However, it only went missing a month or so before the Chief woke up near Requiem.
Removed for potential copyright issues. The video's back, but without these particular images. Only stuff from the video GI posted yesterday.
What's to say they don't? The fact that they have the thrusters would seem to suggest that they have upgraded. [From the Jet Pack article on Halo Waypoint:](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/universe/tech/jetpack) &gt; Though the next spiral of GEN2 Mjolnir refinements will incorporate an integrated set of thrusters
At that point, though, you might as well call it [GEN2]. It'd be like saying that Jorge in Halo Reach was wearing Mk. IV, even though everything had been upgraded to work with the Mk. V platform. Also, since I missed this before: the statement about Spartan-IIs still using Mk. VI was from the Halo 4 Essential Visual Guide.
How was the food?
It's cool. I don't expect everyone to be canon-savy, and I certainly never mind explaining things. Happy to have helped :)
It was confirmed a while back (not long after the beta, if I recall correctly), that it would only by body and helmet customization, just like in the Beta. It's sad, but I do understand why they did that.
You lucky bastard! Unfortunately, all the bookstores in my area are pretty diligent about sticking to release dates.
What new Promethean are we talking about? The only new Promethean I've heard of is the Promethean Soldiers, which is just a new Promethean class.
Eh, don't sweat it. Plenty of people are making the mix-up. I was fortunate enough to have been online when that whole thing happened. Halo Archive originally said it was the Didact (MECHA-DIDACT!), but it was probably an hour or so later that Frankie's post was posted on twitter.
I'm just going to post here what I posted over in /r/HaloStory I'm honestly not sure how I feel about this. The story of The Fall of Reach has been told twice, now, and explored in other media (Hunt the Truth, Halsey's Journal). Do we really need another re-telling? Unless 343 is planning to integrate some stuff from Halo Reach, smooth out some kinks in the timeline, maybe finally address how Jun got off the planet, I can't say I'm all that excited. Further, I'm almost certain that this is only going to be playable through the Halo Channel, and if it's anything like Forward Unto Dawn or Nightfall, this will probably make it way to physical media, screwing over customers who bought the LCE.
For the most part, but the built-in jet packs are new.
I would like one of those better, but I'm much more interested in seeing new content.
That is really cool, but at the same time, I kind of have to cringe at the though of cutting up those comics. Still, amazing work!
Kenya: I beg to differ. From what we saw at the end of Halo 3, the area didn't look all that bad. Again, the amount of plasma output to exterminate the Flood infestation and to literally glass the surface would be quite different. Vale: Fair enough, but I think that, given what we know, nominating her for Spartan-hood isn't all the out-there. Besides, she'd received additional training post-augmentation, as do all Spartan Candidates. Home Fleet: By the end of Halo 3, there were only a few ships left (a handful, as Hood put it), but we don't know how many ships were out on other deployments at the time of Halo 3. Remember, Human slipspace travel at that time was incredibly slow. 4 days from Reach to Earth was considered speedy, and we're only talking about ~10.5 light-years. It's very possible, as some have suggested, that ships from other deployments were called back to Earth to make up for home fleet's loss. And I would ask: would ONI really need to cover up the losses? The area around the Portal site was likely quarantined for a while after the end of the Covenant War, and if it wasn't, ONI surely would have done so given that they wanted to activate it. Don't get me wrong, I'd like this stuff directly addressed, but I don't think the problems are all that severe.
I understand what you're saying, but I'm not sure I agree. That's just never the impression I got.
Well, I don't want to derail the topic, but you're welcome to PM me.
That, I can agree with. I need to re-read those sections, see exactly what they said.
I personally figured they were bred and rapidly grown, but that could also be the case. Still, I wish they'd directly addressed it.
&gt; Is it common enough knowledge now that there was a Human-Forerunner war before the firing of the Array or did she just not understand the full implication of what Solitude was saying? I kind of figured the second is more likely. Solitude's statement could mean a lot, especially since it has no context. We as fans know what he was referring to because we know about ancient Humanity. Vale likely does not, and might not know what to make of Solitude's statement.
&gt; I take it some people know of Ancient Humanity though? Some, though it isn't clear how many. Lasky was pretty open about his knowledge of Prometheans being ancient Humans in Spartan Ops, but it seemed pretty clear the it was news to Thorne at the time.
&gt; Lasky knows, and he isn't even ONI Though Lasky did say that the UNSC knew about ancient Humans. But that's another discussion. It is entirely possible that Vale knows about ancient Humanity, but I see no reason why she would have to know. In the case of Lasky and Palmer, it was relevant to their campaign on Requiem, and it's possible that they learned it directly from the Chief during Halo 4's campaign. Vale, as a diplomat to the Sangheili, wouldn't need to know. My overall point is that her lack of reaction doesn't really mean anything, since without proper context, Solitude's statements wouldn't really mean anything. They might make her think, but she was in a desperate situation with the singular goal of survival. She wouldn't have time to think about the larger implications, if those even came to mind. We as fans know what Solitude was talking about because we have the privilege of a bird's eye view of things, a privilege most, if not all characters, lack.
*Infinity*'s trip to Requiem only took ~~a few hours~~ a day, thanks to her Forerunner slipspace drives. The reason the trip to the Ark took so long was because the Ark is over 260,000 light years from galactic center. Requiem is in the Milky Way, making for which shorter trip.
I should amend myself and note that it was a day, rather than a few hours, but here's the source: https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/forums/db05ce78845f4120b062c50816008e5d/topics/learn-what-happened-today-in-halo/9e7159ac-143a-4e71-bcfd-622db8f7c3a3/posts?page=7#post123
Weird. That's basically every game of CE I've played on the MCC.
As a privately owned business, Wal-Mart has every right to deny any sort of business they choose, such as decorating a cake with the Confederate Flag (never mind that's not what that flag is, but that's another discussion).
It would be accurate to say that the Breakout arena is the closest we've seen to what the War Game simulator looks like without the holographic enhancements. However, I'm not sure if I agree with the notion that respawning in purely multiplayer-flavor. Given 343's recent trends, I'd say it's like there is an explanation for respawning. One idea that comes to mind is a Forerunner trans-location grid like we've seen on the Halo rings or Requiem (though on a much smaller scale). When a Spartan "dies", he or she is teleported to a new location to "respawn".
Only in split screen, though. I'd happily take some performance issues if it meant split screen came back.
I would be genuinely surprised if it did.
The HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL Mark I eventually led to the Mantis. In some respects, the HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL systems are superior, but I think the overall mobility and agility provided by Mjolnir has advantages, too. Both armor systems have their advantages and disadvantages, depending on the situation.
Absolutely, but put him against an army (all at once, not bottle-necked like in the games) or against an aircraft, and the Mantis would be a good choice of combat vehicle.
My thoughts exactly. Still, it looks damn cool!
It only makes sense since the Warden is part of Warzone. *Infinity* really only would have had the chance to add him after the events of Halo 5.
Could be, but I'm still more inclined to think it was recovered from Genesis.
That's 343's old address. I'd recommend your Brother send the letter to Microsoft's headquarters with something like "ATTN: 343 Industries" on the envelope. Microsoft's address: Microsoft Headquarters One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052
God, those ugly Phantoka/Mistika forms. *shudders* I loved the 2015 sets, and while I don't hate the 2016 sets, they seem a little too generic compared to the uniqueness of each Toa set from last year. Still, they were a blast to build.
Theoretically yes, but after Meridian, they had no reason to believe he would return until Osiris encountered him a second time on Sanghelios.
They never said they dropped it, so there's no reason to think they did.
An excellent point!
When you can snipe at the Warden from halfway across the map, map control isn't necessarily a workable solution.
I still like it. It's no Halo 4, sure, but I don't think it's that bad. And honestly, it's been a while since I was this excited for the future of Halo's story. We're basically in uncharted territory.
I would recommend a second or third playthough. I was amazed at how much I missed the first time, especially as I started taking my time to traverse each level.
&gt; QUITTERS &gt; FUCK OFF AND PLAY SOMETHING ELSE Pretty sure you just defined a quitter.
I was initially turned off, but I ended up liking it once I realized that the Cortana was find in Halo 5 isn't the one we lost in Halo 4. Halo 5's Cortana has changed, she's not the same person we enjoyed in the previous titles. In that way, the "real" Cortana never came back. As far my hopes, I'm really just hoping we don't "save her" in some future game. I can see her being a part of a Flood plan (her current parallel to Mendicant Bias are fairly obvious), but I really hope she doesn't "see the error of her ways" or something. If she's gone bad, I want her to follow through to the end.
Because of their gameplay in the past, or just as enemies? If the former, I feel for you. I sincerely hope that 343 has the mind to seriously overhaul Flood AI and gameplay if they return.
Amen to that. Escalation was extremely disappointing, especially since hinting at Halo 5's events would have been so fucking easy. Literally one or two lines when Halsey was accessing the Absolute Record.
A good Canon Fodder to start the week off. Some interesting insights into characters and canon, and while little was revealed, it's nice to have Universe entries for the Guardians and Warden Eternal.
I just figured it's because the Flood aren't the type of enemy a Guardian was built to fight, especially once they've assimilated Forerunner tech.
I'm sure they tried the Guardians at some point.
Well, this is very unfortunate. On the surface, the new options seem fantastic, but if this is the case, well....fuck.
Pretty much. Although, UNSC vs. Reapers might be a more interesting fight. EDIT: A good video to compliment that one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_Loc7qX7FI
They are. The first death star is 120 km^3, and the second is 160 km^3. Still an interesting video. In the video's defense, there are apparently various sources for the sizes that conflict rather wildly.
&gt; Here's to that! I'm not sure I entirely agree, but I can't fault Disney for their decision. Plus, considering how much of the "Legends" canon the new canon has already drawn from, it seems Disney hasn't completely disregarded it all.
It wouldn't be that simple. Disregarding the fact that campaign spaces don't always work as multiplayer spaces (it *really* didn't work in Reach), it's not as simple as "cutting and pasting". Sure, it could arguably save some time on modeling new assets, but there would still have to be a lot of time spent on testing spawns, weapon placement, etc. etc.
&gt; It'd probably take more effort or the same that's put into a remix A good analogy, I'd say. &gt; I'd like maps on shanhelios I think we all would
What Halo 6 needs is time. To, what has become abundantly clear is that games are getting too big and complicated for the old 3 year development cycle. In the case of Halo, this is abundantly true, especially with what fans are demanding from main-entry Halo titles these days.
Funny thing is, Bungie rarely had much involvement with the TV commercials, and virtually non with the Believe campaign. Believe and the TV commercials were largely done by Microsoft's internal marketing team and the Halo Franchise Development team. That latter group eventually became 343 Industries. Besides, comparing the Believe ads and ODST and Reach commercials to the MCC "We Will Rock You" ad really isn't fair. I seriously doubt that, if Bungie were still involved, the MCC ad would have been much different. Never mind that we also had trailers like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_64VHqDHQQ Or these for CEA: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOjED8my8iA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq6qUB1kORk Comparing the trailers you included to the MCC "We Will Rock You" ad is comparing apples to oranges. Regaring the Locke commercial: I don't really see that as inferior to any of the linked commercials, but that's me.
Last I heard (which was early-ish 2015, if I recall correctly), it's still in pre-production. Beyond that, nothing.
Funny thing is, there were some in Forerunner society that argued against fighting the Flood because of the tenants of the Mantle. Granted, this was really early in the war, but it caused enough of an issue that it delayed the Forerunner response to the Flood threat.
God, that awful music. At least the "rave music" in Halo 4 were remixes of songs on the Halo 4 soundtrack. This? Seriously 343, WTF?
It's a nice peak into the post-Halo 5 universe.
Indeed indeed. Maybe, for a level, players could visits one of these planets being terraformed, or re-terraformed, saving Humans that would be wiped out by the process, or stopping it to save a colony.
Probably something like this: http://www.halopedia.org/MJOLNIR_Powered_Assault_Armor/NOBLE
I swear, one way or another, we need Human enemies in Halo 6. I wouldn't believe for a second that all Humanity would be against Cortana. In fact, I can almost imagine Spartans teaming up with former insurrectionists. They didn't want to submit to UNSC control, so no way they'd give in to Cortana.
The original question was about what Mk. V[B] would look like in Halo 5. The Noble armor is the closest approximation we currently have.
Made worse by the fact that he just has this blank face the whole time. I'm thinking, "This isn't John! This is nothing like John!"
&gt; Halo: The Flood is rife with inconsistencies No more than any other Halo novel, I assure you, especially if you pick up the more recent printings. &gt; I wouldn't give its depiction of the drop process to much merit. IIRC Dietz describes the pods very oddly. Dietz wrote the novel at a time before ODST pods had been depicted in the canon. At best, he would have had early concept art, if that. Besides, the book is canon, so it's our best look at how long an ODST drop would last.
I don't think so. The Mk. V in Halo 4 was based on the version seen in Halo CEA. This "Mk. V Alpha" is basically an up-resed version of the armor as depicted in Halo CE. Hopefully Grim will talk about it in this week's Canon Fodder.
Thanks for the correction. I tried looking up some numbers, but the descriptions weren't all that clear (at least to me).
The source article (with some lore) for anyone interested: http://www.spartangames.co.uk/halo-veterans
They know about the Spartan-IIs. Their existence was revealed in 2547 to boost moral among troops and the public. Naturally, ONI left out their true origins, presenting them simply as super-soldiers. http://halo.bungie.net/projects/reach/article.aspx?ucc=intel&amp;cid=24024 http://www.halopedia.org/2547
If they are featured, I think it's likely we'll just see a link to the Spartan Games article (as has been the trend in the past). I think this week is still focusing on the *Infinity's Armory* update.
Based on the description for the Alpha, it sounds like it's a whole new design based on the Mk. V.
I'd watch that for a dollar!
Installation 03 was moved during Halo Escalation, so it's no longer in the same location as it was in Halo 4.
&gt; The environments looked cool Really cool! It's crazy how different the environment concepts were from the character concepts, like they were for two completely different games.
Oh yes, they certainly are. I'm just reporting on what the latest canon sources has shown
That's not the Meta...
Season 13 was fantastic! We're likely months away from season 14, so it's a good time to get back into the series.
I'm just busting your balls. In all honesty, a Meta-inspired armor would be pretty cool.
[We've had enough Anniversary projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umDr0mPuyQc)
Not really. I'd love those stories, sure, but I'm honestly sick of Anniversary games. I personally didn't even want CEA, let alone H2A. Admittedly, CEA was well timed, and for all the faults of the MCC, it was a worth-while package. That said, H3A is too far, to me.
I'm right there with you. Halo is rip for live action, especially a high-quality production. And honestly, much as people clamor for a Halo movie, I'm personally of the mind that a TV show has significantly more potential (as I think DC's current Flarrow-verse is proving). More stories, characters, developments, etc. While I am fairly concerned at this point, I think there's still hope for the TV show. The shut-down of Xbox's TV division was really what set back Halo, but given 343's investment in live-action, there's still a glimmer of hope.
I know they were talking to Showtime, but I don't know if that deal ever went through. Here's hoping, though. Premiere cable would be the best way to present a Halo TV series.
The JFK assassination, though none of the purposed theories were even remotely correct. The real conspiracy was the Warren commission being mislead by the Zapruder film (assuming it captured the entire assassination) and the problem of too many cooks when it came to who was incharge of the investigation. In short, it was sloppy and people were misdirected. Beyond that, I've never found a conspiracy theory that remotely convinced me the further I looked into it.
The existence of aliens isn't really a conspiracy theory. Plenty of real scientists and science communicators believe that alien life, and even intelligent alien life is very possible, even likely. The conspiracy is that aliens were somehow involved with the development of intelligent life and/or Human civilization. Or that they abduct people. Pick your conspiracy.
Yeah I've seen that before, but there's virtually no evidence for it. Not that I've seen, anyway.
And really, if you look at the profile of the shooter, he was obsessed with school shootings, had behavioral problems, etc. I'm not saying everyone like that will end up shooting people up, but neither will every kid who's depressed and gets bullied (like the Columbine shooters).
I don't suppose you have any links? I never kept up with any of the conspiracy theory stuff.
Fouth'ded
Yeah, I've seen that stuff and even presented it in the aforementioned "debate". No dice, and the guy keeps insisting Bungie threw it out entirely at some point. I just wanted to see if someone knew something and get a fresh pair of eyes on this. Thanks for looking around.
It was on my YouTube channel, where I generally like to respond. The guy posted basically the same claim in 4 comment threads. I don't know if he's anti-EU. His statement was that, at the time of Halo Reach's release, Bungie had (apparently for the fourth time) declared the books/EU non-canon.
He left 4 near-identical replies to 4 comment threads on a single video. Sorry if I wasn't clear on that initially. He very well could be a troll, and I'm almost ready to give up. At this point, I just wanted to reach out and see if anyone had heard anything similar to what this guy is spouting. Seems the answer is a universal no.
It's taking place on my "Battle of Reach Timeline" video on YouTube.
I just want to note, that's a fan theory that has not been officially commented on. It's possible that Mendicant influenced where the Chief ended up, but other than that quote, we have no direct evidence.
That or *Conversations from the Universe.*
Not that I recall, but visorless helmets would use cameras to let the user see.
Regarding the setting specifically, when I analyzed this level recently, more than a few people suggested that the level happened inside the Cryptum, as in, Blue Team was basically teleported straight into the Cyptum and the events of the level were imagined. That sits no better with me than the idea of the level taking place in the Domain, but, well, I thought I'd pass it along. Regarding the whole idea of the level being one psychological ploy, the Warden in on the trick the whole time, I personally have to believe it to be true. The dialogue throughout the missions heavily implies this. It could always be that the writing was purposefully misleading (and honestly, who would be surprised?) but I'd like to try and give 343 the benefit of the doubt. I don't know why, but I do. The cap image at the end was perfect! Overall, I actually enjoyed the Breaking. It's probably my favorite Blue Team mission in the game, though I won't deny that the music plays a big part in that. Still, for my praise, the mission has some serious issues as you pointed out.
Frank O'Connor said that a Spartan-IV in [GEN2] would stand on equal ground with a Spartan-II in [GEN1].
This remains the only piece of Halo media that I have not purchased (or rather, re-purchased). God, it was terrible! Unnecessary changes that fly in the face of established event and characterizations, and a total lie of a title. I've had non-lore-loving friends ask my why the series was called "Fall of Reach", and I've had them note how much they didn't care for John as a character, especially after the gym scene. Fucking-A! I went into this series not expecting much. I didn't want it to begin with, but I never expected to be so disappointed.
I'd still recommend reading it once, forming your own opinion. I hated the book, but I can still recommend others read it.
Maps primarily, but maps and gametypes most of all. Enough new REQs
Well, I own a digital version, but I usually get physical media.
&gt; Halo Wars had you in control of like 8 spartans Those were the Spartans of Spartan Group Omega. Only the three Spartans of Red Team (Douglas, Jerome, and Alice) were on the Spirit of Fire when it chased after the Arbiter &amp; Anders, and was labeled MIA.
&gt; Like I said, because the UNSC used the Retriever Sentinels to repair Ark, like the planned to do in Hunters in the Dark. But how? Where would they get the resources? *Hunters in the Dark* seemed to imply that they the planetoid on the Ark wouldn't suffice. &gt; The Created. Possibly. I'm really hoping it's not post-war, though. We'll find out in just over a week, shan't we?
&gt; Like Hunters in the Dark said, by opening other portals and getting resources from other planets. That seems iffy. We know the portal system wasn't exactly well maintained.
I think there has to be some kind of strength increase. Jaune certainly got better after his aura was unlocked. However, the show is fairly inconsistent with how it demonstrates feats of strength. The best example that comes to mind is an instance from volume 2. Ruby wields Crescent Rose, a weapon that must weigh quite a bit to do what it does, with ease. However, when she looses it briefly in Vol. 2 and has to fight Roman, her hits are pretty weak. So...yeah.
[60 bucks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRP_zL6WG38) says he'll show up again in the Domain, "cured" of his madness.
EDIT: I R stupid &gt; Spartan III ~~Gamma~~ company ~~Beta~~
You're right, I did misread it. Thanks!
Does Reed say that the Didact will be back in another comment?
It is, which is why I said "average". Some show signs sooner, some later.
&gt; It still just comes across as Cortana throwing a tantrum to me. I tend to agree, but I wanted to try and explain what her view on the matter may be.
They are created sure, but they are sapient beings. Halo 5 never brings it up, but there is a major moral debate to be had about the way Smart AI are treated by Humanity.
&gt; Again, there's really not Yes, there is. That was a major theme in *Halo: Saint's Testimony*, in fact. &gt; If AI rights becomes a thing in the future, they'll cease to exist at all. This argument makes no sense. No one would spend billions of dollars developing a Smart AI if it has absolutely no programming directives and is not given an allegiance to some specific cause at the moment of inception. Maybe, but at the moment we're talking about the morality of killing a sapient being. &gt; Look at the Forerunners. They were 10 million years old as a society, and they still treated AIs as tools. The Forerunners aren't the best example, considering they subjugated other lifeforms.
&gt; By definition, you can't subjugate something that you create. Yes you can. "Subjugate" is a verb that simply means to take control of or impose one's will over another being or group. Or would you argue that the Precursors can't subjugate Humanity or the Forerunners, despite having created both? &gt; Killing involves the death of a biological organism, AI don't fall under that umbrella. A being does not have to be biological to be considered alive. When an AI dies, it's unique mind, capable of independent thought and informed decision making, is lost. If that is not death, I don't know what is. &gt; The fact that at the height of their civilization, they had significantly more advanced AI that were not considered living inhabitants of the galaxy is simply proof that their AI were significantly more advanced and that they had simply moved beyond the point where AI could stir such issues up. That simply proves that the Forerunners only saw their AI as tools, nothing more.
&gt; Exactly, you can't "take" control of something that is created to be subservient in the first place Yes you can, and as I noted, the definition can also mean to "impose one's will". &gt; If the precursors created us for a specfic purpose I would agree with that. They created us in the hope that we'd be worth of taking up the Mantle. &gt; Death is the cessation of biological processes. Because the only life we know of right now is biological life. In the Halo Universe, we have artificial beings that are capable of independent thought. To me, that is a form of life. &gt; You're arguing metaphysics now, and that has no place in this argument. No I'm not. I am talking about what equates to brain death in a Human.
There are two schools of thought. The more popular one is that Mendicant Bias, a Forerunner AI that had once betrayed its creators and sided with the Flood, wanted to show his creators that it had changed, and sent the Master Chief to Requiem as proof of its change. The other, the one I subscribe to, is that, when the Halo fired and damaged the Ark, the slipspace portal became unstable, thus ripping the ship in half and sending the two halves on different courses.
There was no time or opportunity. The *Autumn* had a limited window to get off Reach. While the CSS-class Battlecruiser was the immediate threat, there was a fleet of over 300 ships in the system, and the Autumn had to leave. That's not mentioning the potential for other Covenant ships or craft to show up and shoot down the Pelican or the *Autumn*.
They are both canon, though Reach is "higher" canon, in that wherever it contradicts *Halo: The Fall of Reach*, the events in Halo Reach are considered the truth. I made a post on Waypoint years back on the matter: https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/forums/db05ce78845f4120b062c50816008e5d/topics/the-battle-of-reach-timeline/6e6f2d43-d279-47de-be17-352a26cb25a5/posts And a video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GV_89X3xdQc Sorry for the self-plugging.
&gt; This different definition you just brought up also implies that simply the creation of AI is subjugation, because we program directives into their core code. Yes, the act of creation itself is basically subjugation. &gt; So basically, by your logic, it's actually wrong to create them in the first place. Maybe it is. This was my original point: there's a debate to be had. &gt; No, you're talking about consciousness ending and that is entirely metaphysical. I'm talking about the AI equivalent of brain death.
&gt; That's why in the Fall of Reach animated series they left out the actual battle of Reach stuff They left it out because the goal of the series was to give backstory on Blue Team. Going any further into the book would only confuse casual fans, for which the series was largely made. &gt; as the books version has basically been written out of the lore in favour of Halo Reach's version. It has not. Both are considered canon, though the game is considered a "higher" canon. While the sources are scattered about, there are several that prove this. The biggest is Halsey's Journal, a bonus included with the Limited and Legendary editions of Halo Reach, which goes to great lengths to demonstrate that both the book and the game are canon.
This is a tough one, as while we've seen a lot of armor description showing how certain one have advantages in certain situations, we rarely learn how they might have shortcomings in others. For example, look at EVA. It's meant for use in zero-G and vacuum environments. However, what is the real advantage over using, say, the standard Mk. IV, V, or VI helmet? Another example would be the [GEN2] Decimator armor, which can manipulate the shape of its energy shields. Why ever switch to anything else with that sort of ability? I guess there's not really any 1 suit that's totally superior, but it's hard to say with the number of suits we now have and the fact that we rarely hear of what sort of drawbacks there may be. Plus, each mission is going to be different, so Spartans may need to change armor based on mission needs.
The slipspace "distortions" in *Halo: First Strike* were caused by the Forerunner slipspace crystal. As far as we know, nothing like that was present to cause issues during the Chief and Arbiter's intended trip back to Earth.
&gt; That circles back to my original point: there's not a debate. There only is if you don't want to believe in facts. I've yet to see any fact that refutes the potential for debate. You and I have been debating the facts this whole time, have we not? &gt; In the literal sense, you're talking about the consciousness ending, which is in the realm of the metaphysical. No, I'm not. I'm talking about the brain dying, which, yes, is the death of the entire body. That doesn't automatically mean I'm talking about consciousness. Discussion of brain death and consciousness are not the same thing, though the two subjects *can* be discussed in conjunction.
Possibly. It's not all that clear if the Halo effect affects slipspace.
I came real close some years back, funny enough. Unfortunately, knowledge alone isn't enough.
Conrad's Point is a UNSC colony. HTT is short for Hunt the Truth, a Halo 5 marketing campaign presented as an in-universe audio series.
The book stated that they weren't sure. They were confident that the pulse would hit everything, even star roads in slipspace, but weren't 100% sure. Even then, that doesn't mean the pulse has absolutely no affect on objects in slipspace.
It's never been definitively stated, no.
No, it's real, it's just never been stated which ring the map is set on.
There is a Forerunner whose audio logs are found in Halo 5. He had uploaded his consciousness into the Domain in order to find a world or installation called "Bastion".
When they fired the ring, they were using a "tactical pulse", which means only firing that individual ring.
The only one that never say well with me was H2A's model. Why did they suddenly give her a body suit?
Yes. Yes it is :)
No problem. And even after this (which I based on the work of other lore fans), it's not a perfect timeline. Bungie definitely took liberties with Reach, and 343 and Eric Nylund tried to stitch things together as best they could.
It's hard to say, as we don't know what the maximum "communication range" is, if there is one.
These pictures looks like they're from a multiplayer mode, so the Elites may only be present there.
It is Spirit of Fire. We see Jerome, Douglas, and Alice, all last seen on the Spirit of Fire, in the Halo Wars announcement trailer.
Yeah, last year at ~~E3~~ Gamescom https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMiiffLQcvE
I'm fairly sure that's an Elite honor guard. I'm very confident that most, if not all these images are from the multiplayer, so we can probably expect more factions and character types than the campaign may give us.
Cover art image.
Yeah, that was in Halo Escalation. The Halo Wars announcement trailer shows the 3 aforementioned Spartans, who were last seen on Spirit of Fire, so the ship is involved in some manner.
Right it was. My bad
The Spirit of Fire only had 3 Spartans on board during the events of Halo Wars, and at the end, was considered MIA by the UNSC at large. So, seeing more Spartans is a little confusing.
&gt; Is it possible that the random slipspace jump the Infinity made at the end of Halo 5 brought them to Installation 00? No. That's a huge distance to cover. However, they could have gone there at a later time. But even then, the UNSC had set up an outpost on the Ark in 2555, so the *Infinity* isn't necessary to explained additional UNSC forcesm, even Spartan-IVs.
The three Spartans of Red Team from Halo Wars 1 are seen in the Halo Wars 2 announcement trailer, confirming the Spirit is involved in Halo Wars 2.
&gt; Unless of course, this is just a multiplayer only feature. Brutes and Elites working together seems to be multiplayer only. Campaign images thus far have only shown Brutes and Grunts working together. However, it is possible that some faction of Elites has come to work for or with these Brutes. In Halo: Spartan Assault and Halo: Spartan Strike, we see Brutes working with Sangheili factions, so the opposite is always possible. &gt; Or if this game is set before the Great Schism occurred. All evidence points to post-Halo 5.
&gt; And it's interesting to hear that they're not putting Prometheans in the game, but may consider it for post-launch DLC. That was specifically referring to the multiplayer. Prometheans could potentially still appear in the campaign, though I'm not holding my breath.
True. So, if not in the main campaign, perhaps in story DLC.
There were Armigers, of which Promethean Soldier are a type. So no, no Prometheans per se, but something fairly close.
The Chief is 47 as of Halo 5. Spartans likely have a life-expectancy similar to that of a normal Human, maybe longer, but its impossible to say. Sgt. Johnson, a Spartan-1, retained his youth for quote some time (he was at least 75 when he died), but that was likely a combination of his augmentations and extended time in cryo.
A very interesting comic that I never personally found until after Halo 3 came out. The idea of this ancient Human watching the construction of the Portal is really interesting, and I'd personally love to see N'chala referenced in future media (indirectly, if not directly).
I'd rather not see any more adaptations, not unless there's something they can add to the story in some way. I hated when Fall of Reach was adapted as a comic, I hated when it was partially adapted as a motion comic. Enough adaptations, please.
True. In fact, a recent discussion with some fellow lore fans has opened me up to the possibility that Naomi-010 may be one of those Reach survivors.
If we keep getting these anthology productions, there's a pretty good chance, I'd say. Hell, it's a long shot, but maybe one of the anthologies later this year will cover that.
The question was about active military service. Those discharged are still seen as Spartans by their fellow Spartan-IIs, and even a desk-job is still active service.
It was. It started before the array was fired, and would be completed sometime after.
That is very likely Anders. Sorry :\
The only reason I'm willing to give ME: Andromeda a chance is because Chris Schlerf, who wrote Halo 4's story, wrote for the game for a while. That said, I'm still going to wait until after release. Not gonna pre-order, not gonna buy until I'm satisfied that it will be worthwhile.
Well, here's hoping for some, any, N'chala action!
Most likely, maybe a couple generations after the reseeding.
She was comparing them to the Jackal Shields, though, so the comparison might not hold up to Elite Shields.
&gt; Good point, but i don't think she ever really specified which shields. Mjolnir shields were specifically reverse engineered from Jackal Shields, so the comparison is most likely to those systems and those systems alone.
Oh, you can. There are genital shaving tutorials on there (for women, at least).
A wonderful write-up, I must say! You've captured a lot of the elements that excited me and those that don't about Halo Wars 2. And seriously, Mendicant Bias better fucking show up. There was something of an excuse in *Hunters in the Dark*, but this time, there really is none. Whatever the Banished are doing on the Ark, it certainly can't take priority over Mendicant Bias (assuming they aren't there for him, specifically). And with the Created shit going on, unless, as you noted in your Halo 5 breakdowns, 343 plan to nerf the shit out of Forerunner artifacts, I can't imagine a better way of dealing with them than bringing Mendicant Bias into the mix. And I love your new name for Cutter. I think I'm going to start using that XD
How so?
&gt; it was hacked by Halsey. I will never be over that. No should you. That was bullshit writing at its worst.
Grunts are already mostly naked, so...yeah...
Where else could creators go? What other platform allows the general freedom and versatility of YouTube, and in the case of many YouTubers, allows monitization on the same level?
In an ideal world, maybe. YouTube is practically a monopoly now, and creating an alternative isn't really that viable. We all saw what happened with Blip.TV, and even with alternatives like Polaris or Vessel, most content creators, if they want to be seen or make money, have to post to YouTube at some point. I run a channel with a modest 60k following, a following I could likely never achieve on any other platform with the somewhat niche subject I cover. I used to stream on Twitch, but building up an audience there is just too difficult, and so I've since switched to YouTube. YT really is the only viable option for most people, sadly :\
It was a matter of priority in *Hunters in the Dark*. The UNSC and Sangheili had to focus on shutting down the Halo Array and stop Tragic Solitude. Trying to find and contact MB would have been a distraction they couldn't afford.
They likely pulled the model same from H2A, updated it a bit, and slapped some new textures on it. Seems to have been done for the H2 BR and the Brute PR, as well. Good way to save time and money.
Chakas' mind was digitized by the Composer and transferred into a Monitor's body. Chakas would eventually become 343 Guilty Spark, but that story is covered in the next book. After being blasted by a Splaser in H3, Chakas' memories surfaced, and he remember who he once was. He then hijacked a Human ship, the UNSC *Rubicon*, and is out looking for the Librarian. The important stuff to remember for the next book is that Installation 07 was recovered and placed in it's final firing location, Bornstellar is now considered the Didact (he's basically a clone, now) Chakas is a Monitor, and the Flood can now control Precursor star-roads. Honestly, Silentium is pretty self-contained, it's hard to get lost in there.
Being constructive is astonishing simple. For every thread I've seen people bitch about, saying "343 can't take criticism" and the like, I've seen plenty more that get the point across, criticize 343's work in some way, and are constructive in some way. Basically, if you can avoid saying, "343 SUUUUCKKSSS!!1!" and "Halo is dead!", you're good. If you don't like it, there are plenty of other outlets for the kind of posts you seem to want, such as jokes about Power Rangers looking like 343-era Spartans. Waypoint was set up as a place for fans to discuss Halo in a constructive manner, it's always been like that.
It's the 4th iteration on the second design for the HRUNTING/YGGDRASIL armor defense system, which eventually evolved into the Mk. IX Mantis.
Yes.
I'm genuinely curious, what is it that fans didn't seem to like about Nemesis? I've always enjoyed it.
I'd love some examples, if it's not too inconvenient. Who is out of character and how (or a link to an article with details). I personally found Data's death very emotional.
Well, you've given me some stuff to consider. Thanks for indulging me!
Unless you're Maria-062, it seems. She retired to start a family, but was still able operation the Mk. VI Mjolnir platform. I often wonder if she was *allowed* to retire as part of an ONI experiment to see how Spartans might reintegrate, live as civilians, what-have-you.
I've been thinking she was allowed to retire, in a manner of speaking. ONI wanting to perhaps see how a Spartan would integrate with society.
&gt; it just seemed like an arbitrary rating made up to market Noble 6. It was, pure and simple. The Chief is good, but there are more deadly Spartans than him, or at least as deadly.
I wouldn't hold your breathe, but who knows?
&gt; all other TNG films played a part in taking a decent ensemble cast and trying to ignore as many of them as possible while favouring Picard and Data. I can't say I hate any of the TNG films (though Insurrection comes damn close), but damn, that never really occurred to me.
Loved this book back in the day, still love it. Tobias Buckell did a great job with fleshing out the Arbiter and Sangheili culture, and showing the seeds that would eventually grow into the Great Schism.
1. And? Plenty of people started with Halo Reach or 4, too. 2. There were a number of factors that contributed to that. By and large, Halo 3 was the right game at the right time, and little more. 3. Why do we need to "complete" it at all? 4. This could be done by porting the classic Halo 3, or, in my opinion a better option, porting MCC. 5. No comment. 6. Hardly a good reason to remake Halo 3.
Yes, but Anniversaries are far more blatant cash-grabs. At the very least, CEA was for the 10-year Anniversary of Halo, and H2A came with the MCC. H3A would just be H3A, nothing more.
I tried watching this movie once a few years back. Couldn't make it past the first 10 minutes. That said, that scene was brilliant!
And rather than working on Anniversaries, Sabre Interactive and Certain Affinity could potentially be working on different Halo titles.
Truth sent a contingent of Brutes to Earth after he found out about Regret's invasion, and those are the forces you see in ODST.
Have you tried uninstalling and reinstalling? I initially had a problem similar to what you're describing, and this solved it for me. Don't know why, but it did.
&gt; I have seen a writer for a major publication eagerly receive lap dance in a private party, then the next day go on to talk about how over-sexualized the industry is, and that is on the tame side of the shit I have seen since 2004. &gt; That's pretty damning. I remember an incident from years ago: Achievement Hunter was denied an E3 pass. It had recently started up, but despite being associated with Rooster Teeth (which had been allowed to attend), it was denied. Something about the group "not being professional enough" or something. That year, Mega64 posted a video showing a "Moon Bounce with Booth Babes" attraction they had at E3. Yeah, real professional. I've been trying for years to find it, but it seems to have disappeared (assuming my mind isn't making the whole thing up). Anyway, the quote reminded me of that incident.
I had a full team of 8. We coordinated. We failed all but once to take down the final bosses.
I don't think he'd do that. He was always annoyed when Halsey used his name, so I can't imagine he'd introduce himself that way.
More accurately, the Battle of Gods arc in Dragon Ball Super.
That's true, but to be fair, the scenes are very easy to miss and aren't on screen very long.
You can always show, though, for one reason or another. In the case of Halo 5, I think I would have been unnecessary, never mind that you actually can see the destruction on the screens, and we saw a what the Guardians could do in HTT. Plus, as I already noted, we get to experience it first-hand twice later on. "Show, don't tell" is important, but you have to know when to show and when to tell.
The Guardians in Halo 5 were based on the cut Guardian Sentinel from Halo 3. If there's a connection between the multiplayer guardians and Guardian Sentinel (IRL, not in-universe, obviously) is unknown, as far as I'm aware. Knowing Bungie, though, it seems like the kind of joke they'd make.
&gt; That said, there is no excuse for missing features. Well, except that you can't just copy and paste from the old engine to the new.
And to note, Halo CE did not use Havok
With a few exceptions, you can map the controls however you want.
Never thought I'd actually have something to post, but well, guess it was only a matter of time. This guy claimed that all cops, no matter how good, are terrorists because good cops don't always report bad cops. While there is certainly a discussion to be had on that subject, this is far from the way to go about it. This man killed a cop and threatened to kill more when he was confronted by police. The article the original post linked to, if anyone's interested: http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2016/12/31/pennsylvania-state-trooper-abuse-violation/96030126/
Still, they could have tried to make the new Cutter at least somewhat resemble OG Cutter.
It wasn't, and it doesn't even feature the Battle of Reach. It ends after the battle of Chi Ceti IV.
&gt; What happened to some species that we no longer seen in the main games after the end of the original Halo trilogy? (Like the little bug guys, the San Shyuum) The San'Shyuum are largely in hiding, though they do lead a few Brute factions from the shadows. As of 2553, Rtas 'Vadum (the Spec Ops commander) is hunting them down. Some post-war San'Shyuum activity is detailed in *Halo: Shadow of Intent* and also touched on in *The Return* from *Halo: Evolutions*. Yanme'e, or Drones, mostly just returned to their homeworld. Some continued to serve the various Covenant factions. &gt; how come the Cyclops seems much more advanced than the Mantis? More advanced in what regard? If it seems more advanced, I'd put that mostly on the gameplay restrictions of the Mantis, as we've never seen it in cutscenes or anything. The Cyclops, as presented in the original Halo Wars, was clunky and not exactly meant for fighting. We've yet to see how much that has changed for HW2. The Mantis, if nothing else, has more armament and energy shields.
&gt; Are the forerunners meant to be gods or another civilisation? Like the humans. The Forerunners are just a highly advanced ancient civilization, nothing more. The Covenant viewed them as gods, but they are anything but. &gt; And what did the precursors use to fight back against the forerunners Unknown. The details of the Forerunner-Precursor War are largely unknown. However, based on what little we do know, it seems like the Precursor's didn't really fight back all that much, almost letting themselves be destroyed.
&gt; don't contradict each other Except for when the *Pillar of Autumn* left the system. That's one of the hard retcons that can't really be explained away.
And then were hunted down and forced to either turn themselves into dust of go into stasis.
Slipspace is another dimension in which space is sort of "crinkled up" like paper ball, making travel between two points quicker than in normal space. In reality, ships aren't traveling faster than the speed of light, it just looks that way from our perspective.
Caused what? The fight between the Forerunners and Precursors predates the Flood by millions of years.
It's never mentioned, but it's likely Osiris had the coordinates on a storage device, or even in Mjolnir's local storage, and uploaded the coordinates when they go on/in the Guardian.
Yes, but your original comment, the one I originally responded to, was about the Precursors and the Forerunner wiping them out. I don't know why you brought up the Forerunner-Flood War
Because, for most of their lives, John was the leader of the Spartans. Fred trusts John and respects him, and so allows John to take command of Blue Team.
It's not bad, by any means. *Bootcamp* was actually pretty good, as it expands on the character of Robert Watts and the insurrection in general, subjects largely left in the background in the original novel (basically McGuffins). *Covenant* and *Invasion* were kind of "eh" overall. If anything, I was rather disappointed at the comic not attempting at all to connect to Halo: Reach. It was published around the time the game came out, so I was disappointed that absolutely nothing was done to connect to the game. Short of the book, I'd say the comic is an OK way to experience the story. At worst, it's mediocre.
&gt; I'm an E-5; I couldn't imagine explaining to my boss that I take orders from an E-3 because "I don't really feel like an E-5." Well, if you were in Fred's boots, you probably wouldn't care. Spartans have a very atypical mindset. &gt; My follow up question is, does the Spartan branch really even have ranks? Not really, but sort of. All Spartans officially have a rank of "Spartan". Beyond that, there are titles like Fireteam Leader, Mission Handler, and Spartan Commander (ie Palmer). These act like ranks in that they hold some form of command authority, but in reality, they aren't considered actual ranks. It's kind of weird how 343 set it up.
The timeline on Halopedia is their own attempt at explaining the discrepancy between Halo Reach and *Halo: The Fall of Reach*. There's never been an official timeline or statement to say when the Autumn landed on Reach; certainly not in relation to it picking up John.
Okay. That makes things a lot more clear, then. Thanks!
It contradicts a lot of the book, and changes things, often unnecessarily. That fight is basically a microcosm of the issues with the animated series.
I'm specifically talking about the Spartans of the Spartan Branch (Spartan-IVs and any Spartan-IIIs that joined). Blue Team declined to join the Branch, and thus retain their Naval ranks.
Not a whole lot, but some. From what's said in Halo 5, the process starts with chipping away the tops layers of the surface, the stuff that was cauterized by the Covenant plasma. Once done, the land underneath can be sold to interested parties to do with as they please. Basically, under those top layers of glassed soil, the land is still good. The plan is to get to the that good soil before selling the land. Beyond that, though, we don't know much about what would be done.
lol, nice
Admittedly, it's been a number of years, but when I was in high school and college, I remember babysitting paying a lot more than mowing the lawn.
&gt; there is no lore behind why Keyes keeps that gun on him. ~~Well, even though he usual remains on his ship, he is a serving member of the military. I'm no expert (far from it), but I think most officers keep a side arm when on active duty. The real question is why he'd keep it empty.~~ EDIT: Corrected by /u/TheHaleStorm. Thanks!
Yeah, but that's very different from not carrying your side-arm, on active duty, during a war.
They had several races, but they were generally dark-skinned (think Middle East to Heart of Africa range). Basically, Europeans and Asians didn't exist yet. They had a variety of subspecies and forms, but skin tones were in the dark range at that time. EDIT: Also, the Forerunners didn't really have a variety of races, as we understand them. The different rates had different appearances and even a slight ranges of skin tones, but that was the result of the mutation process more than anything.
That's supported by the fiction, too. For example, it's long been said that Harvest is one of the furthest planets from Earth, despite the Epsilon Indi system only being 12 ly from Earth. In actuality, Harvest is one of the furthest in terms of slipspace travel. Reach is about 10 ly from Earth, and in *Halo: First Strike*, a trip of 4 days was considered rather quick. A trip to Harvest can take close to a month, despite a similar distance from Earth. So, despite the inconsistent travel times to the known Halo Installations, they could be rather spread out across the galaxy (as they should be).
Many Sangheili actually do speak English. It may be with some difficulty when it comes to certain words or sounds (such as "p"), but they can do it. I know that Sangheili mandibles move when they talk, but, in my head, this is just happenstance. The mandibles themselves can't be necessary to speech, as Sangheili mouths technically never close.
It's definitely going to take a while to get it to Europe, but it has been quite a while. Did you ever get an email that your crate shipped? Regardless, I'd definitely reach out to Loot Crate support.
1. MCC on PC would have been a great idea even up to a year ago, but I'm not sure it would do anything now. Still, I'd love for it to happen. 2. Why do you hate the Spartan mobile games? I loved those, especially Spartan Strike! 3. Full H5 on PC would be grand! 4. The background of most characters in Osiris is explained during in-game dialogue, you just have to listen for it. Vale explains her backstory in the opening mission, and Tanaka does during the Meridian mission. Locke goes a bit into his background during a couple cutscenes. Blue Team is really what needs explaining to the non-lore-savvy fans, but a 2 minute cutscene could have done this. Blue Team should have been the focus of Halo 5's prologue, not Halsey and Cortana. 5. No H3A. H2A shouldn't have even happened. 6. Meh, sure. Why not? Although, you have to consider that not that many people own the Definitive Edition, so of course there aren't going to be many people playing.
&gt; Is there any connection between Harvest's map, Arcadia and the Shield world? What the Covenant were doing on Arcadia is never revealed, no. We do know that Harvest was a waystation for the Shield World, but the connection to Arcadia remained unknown. ~~I had a theory that whatever was on Arcadia led to the Shield World (which is supported by the Prima game guide), but according to the Halo Wars website, the Shield World had been discovered years earlier.~~ &gt; The entire outside surface of the planet seems to be covered by the Flood in the game. How would this have happened? One of two possibilities: 1. Flood samples had been kept there and containment was breached 2. Some of the Flood hid there when the Halo Array fired and eventually made it to the surface. &gt; Should we assume that a Gravemind could've formed given the extent the Flood cover the planet? You kill a proto-gravemind in the 9th level "The Flood", so yes, the Flood was on track to create a Gravemind. &gt; is this the first encounter with the Flood for both Humanity and the Covenant For Humanity, yes. For the Covenant, possibly not. Dialogue in the second cutscene of HW shows the Covenant knew about the Flood, and it's entirely possible they encountered it prior to the outbreak on Shield World 0459. &gt; did the SoF have any outside communication with the UNSC to relay their discovering back home? They did not. However, the [Halo Reach data pads](http://www.halopedia.org/Data_pads) reveal that [the Assembly](http://www.halopedia.org/Assembly) was monitoring Covenant battle net chatter and discovered the existence of the Flood (though they had no idea what it was, only that it was a "third participant"). I have a theory that this discovered led to the Assembly secretly having the *Spirit of Fire* declared "lost with all hands" in 2534.
When the IIIs joined the Spartan Branch, it was as senior instructors, so I imagine they would have seniority in this situation. It's possible, however, that they might vote on who has command, or give it to someone with command experience.
&gt; I believe Spartan IVs still have ranks since Palmer is usually referred to as Commander Palmer Palmer is a Spartan Commander, which is a title more than a rank. It's not to be confused with the "Commander" rank used in the navy. All Spartans have the rank of "Spartan", with other titles such as Fireteam Leader, Mission Handler, and Spartan Commander.
I'm not too familiar with military terms, but that sounds correct.
&gt; Antagonists motivations are unclear w/o reading additional lore. Unless you watch the terminals that are in the game.
Some do, yes. We can see the especially in Halo Reach's depiction of Brutes, while are mostly clean-shaved compared to the H2/3 depictions. Seems to be a clan thing.
&gt; In Halo 2 Anniversary we can see that the Battle Rifle and Shotgun is being advertised in New Mombasa. Missed that. I'll have to play through those levels again and keep an eye open. &gt; Also the Liang Dortmund Corporation also has access to large amounts of UNSC tech, mostly vehicles. The tank, at the very least, is implied to be illegally obtained, so it's dubious whether some of the UNSC tech they have is actually available to the public. &gt; We could also possibly rule in Mantises as they are seen being used by ONI to move heavy loads in the Ivanoff Station. We could assume that the Mantis (or some variant) may have a civilian use in moving heavy good in warehouses but this is just speculation. A good point. It's possible they could be outfitted for a variety of tasks.
When in a pre-gravemind phase, the Flood work on a base instinct that makes them attack and infect potential targets, and kill potential threats. A combat form still has access to the knowledge of its host, and Flood can communicate and coordinate via pheromones.
Pretty much this. Quality over quantity, but more would be nice :)
Gender disphoria is a mental condition, one that psychiatrists would try to cure back in the day, just like they did with homosexuality. I image that's what OP was referring to.
They don't. It's an assumption based on how much H5 is played according to its placement on Xbox's most played games list, a list that doesn't display any numbers, just a simple ranking. According to 343, Halo 5 has the best player retention since Halo 3. So no, Halo 5 isn't dying, certainly no "faster than any other Halo game".
IRL: because whoever wrote that scene didn't think about it. In-Universe: it could be argued that ONI expected Blue Team to stand down once the Chief was incapacitated. Kind of dumb, but it's the best explanation I have.
&gt; I though the had some data to accompany that claim No numbers, no. Just his word (which I'm personally inclined to believe) &gt; he did state specifically it's the highest retention of a halo game. The highest since Halo 3, which means lower than H3, but higher than Reach or 4.
Personally, not that much. The raw audio would be interesting (for example, without the fade as he's flying toward the new Halo ring, 343GS can be heard saying "but it will take time to fabricate a new index", the last few words fading out before they can be hard in the normal cutscene).
Halo 5 has the highest player retention since Halo 3. IE, while not as big as Halo 3, it's bigger than Reach or 4.
How would you implement sprint so that it didn't break the 3 pillars?
The source was Josh Holmes, former Executive Producer. Why would he make that statement that Halo 5 had the best player retention since Halo 3 and not include Halo Reach in that figure? [Source](http://teambeyond.net/forum/topic/5443-halo-5-guardians-discussion/page-4054#entry675131)
~~That's not lag. You got hit by the tank when it moved backwards as you unboarded(?).~~
I'll take the word of the developer over random forum users, any day.
Arguably. Never understood why they replaced it with a mongoose.
Okay, I see now. Sorry about the misunderstanding on my part.
I remember it being a major issue. I also remember a lot of people agreeing with that.
I will never understand the claim that it was shoehorned in. It felt like they were going that direction from the start of season 4, at least.
Somewhat related: you wouldn't happen to know if there's way to download the beta for PC yet, is there?
In Halo Reach, Halsey has no knowledge of the Spartan-III program, only that someone has created Spartans without her knowledge. In her journal, Halsey is absolutely furious after meeting with Noble Team, and has no idea who created them. In *Halo: Glasslands*, we get a moment where Halsey realizes that Noble Team were likely Spartan-IIIs. I think the thing that most people don't realize is that meeting Spartan-IIIs doesn't mean that Halsey suddenly knows the program exists. She discovered Spartans that aren't her's, that's all. They're never identified as "Spartan-IIIs". For all she knows, they could be "Spartan-II Class-II" made without her knowledge. And the reason she doesn't seem to react is two fold: 1. By the time we, the player, enter the scene Halsey had already been discussing things with other members of Noble Team, so any reaction would have passed (other than her saying "hi" to Jorge) 2. Halsey's smart enough not to ask questions openly, especially when she's in an ONI facility. Doing so would get her nowhere at best, in trouble at worst.
It's important to remember that Spartan-III refers to a specific program, not simply the next iteration of Spartans. I think that's where a lot of the confusion comes form. Halsey knew there were other Spartans out there, just not that they were Spartan-IIIs because she didn't know about that program.
While they've certainly had issues in the recent past, saying that 343 isn't at least this transparent and communicative right now would be an outright lie. Plus, this is about Modern Warfare Remastered, which is, for all intents and purposes, a new game. While 343 should never have abandoned MCC like it did, the logic does not apply. Not yet, any way.
Nope
Again, how? "The extended universe" isn't an answer.
343's art direction is a lot closer to real-world military gear (or at least US military). One of the common complaints is that it looks like marines are wearing kevlar. But even if that weren't the case, I fail to see how that makes the game "science fantasy" now.
That doesn't make it science-fantasy.
&gt; In Halo 4, the Didact literally force chokes Chief like Darth Vader Gravity manipulation, something that's been a part of Halo since day 1. We're just seeing it on a smaller scale. &gt; a person who has been dead for years talks to you (The librarian), She made an AI copy of herself, not unlike what Halsey did to create Cortana. &gt; Chief literally gets biologically transformed to become immune to a death ray, Not outside the purview of Sci-Fi, though, on a personal note, I do find that to be a little ridiculous. &gt; and the creation story is literally given to the forerunners. Not sure what you mean, here. &gt; Metal structures are floating everywhere And? While certainly more prevalent in the 343 era, that's been part of Halo since day 1.
There are friendly AI in the game, they just take different forms than Marines.
I fail to see how one is more "real" than the other.
&gt; While i could never read the Forerunner trilogy as it felt too much like fantasy for my tastes I've more often heard it said that the books, when you take out the Halo references, read more like hard sci-fi. &gt; the Fall of Reach is what got me into not only Halo, but military sci-fi as a whole. Same here. I love military sci-fi, myself. While I don't entirely agree that Halo is losing it's military sci-fi theme (in the games at least), I think calling it science fantasy is going to far.
Which can only float on specially designed rails, not the free floating Covenant vehicles do.
Like I said, my main issue here the accusation about Halo going into the science fantasy realm, which I don't think it's doing any more than it has in the past. Regarding straying from military sci-fi, that's another debate. In the books, it certainly has been in a couple places, though in a manner I personally like, and it's still a minority occurrence. The games I would debate, too, but I can understand the criticism after Halo 5. I'm personally waiting to see how Halo "6" turns out.
&gt; This isn't a Bungie v 343 argument. Clearly Bungie made that mistake too. They just didn't make it apparent. How did they not make it apparent? It's been core to the mythos since day 1. &gt; For the great journey yes they were wrong, but to put it simple, they weren't wrong enough I'm sorry, but that seems rather petty.
&gt; The point is not that they can do it but rather would they do it. Okay then, now we're onto something. Yes, the Covenant use gravity manipulation a little more sparingly than Forerunners. However, I don't see that as a shift towards science fantasy. What we see on Requiem is from a different period of Forerunner society than the Halos or the Ark, and era when the Forerunner could be a bit more showy. It's not all that uncommon in real life. Many of the great wonders of the world, ancient or modern, are basically just meant to be showy.
He's teleported away from the epicenter (in a game full of teleportation, and a series where that's been a thing since day 1) and encased in hard-light (something else that's been part of Halo since day 1).
What you described is the story of Halo 2, not Halo as a whole, and misses the story of survival on the human side. &gt; The point is that the Covenant were supposed to be horribly wrong and it would give them some humility and end up better for them in the end. They were horribly wrong, period. There's no getting around that. Just because a civilization look like gods doesn't make them gods. &gt; Giving the forerunners the creation story by distributing species to various planets, making their architecture look completely unreasonable, having them not work with efficiency (unlike before with their mostly brutalistic and purposeful architecture), giving them telekinesis, and making them transform people into laser robots basically makes the covenant right. No, it doesn't. Not even close.
Well, if it's any good, I'd like to see it. :)
&gt; No cuz if it's not explained, it's just a dues ex machina. But it is explained! I used the wrong words last time, so let me try again. Why should the use of established elements have vocally explained? If people pay attention to the game itself, there's no reason Cortana should have to say, "I used the technology on the ship to teleport you away and encase you in hard-light". &gt; Oh wow! Cortana can freeze/slow down time, No, despite what's implied, the bomb did not immediately go off. Cortana even says earlier in the level, "Chief, once that warhead is primed, the window for getting out of here is going to be pretty slim". There's a small window between the bomb being primed (aka the Chief's final in-game action) and it actually exploding. &gt; teleport John away from the explosion, or create a bubble that shields him? Again, elements that have been in the games since day-fucking-one. Most of the final level of Halo 4 is going through slipspace gates, for Pete's sake! And manipulating hard light is seen when Cortana is retricting the Didact just moments before. &gt; Cortana in CE says, I can only do this once. No she did. She recommended only doing it once because it was risky. I imagine a nuke is much more risky than teleporting the Chief one last time. &gt; so you think they were really bringing back that teleportation stuff from the 1st Halo? You act like this was ever dropped from the series. The specific manner of teleportation seen in CE is seen again in Halo 2, and as I mentioned, Cortana had been summoning and opening slipspace portals throughout Halo 4. &gt; What line of dialogue/exposition points to Cortana being able to teleport through Guilty Spark's grid, despite not being on the Halo ring and Guilty Spark being dead? I never said it was using Spark's grid, just that Cortana used teleportation, something we know Forerunner tech is capable of, and have known since Halo CE.
While I disagree, thank you for making a thought out argument. To me, the classic BR looks a little too much like a modern rifle. The H4/5 looks more like what I would expect to be produced in the distant future. While a lot of 343's art direction is over designed, I feel the BR is one instance where that's isn't the case, or at least, not as much as it is elsewhere.
&gt; Strange Cortana never used the teleporting technology in Halo 2 or Halo 3. She never had a reason to use it in Halo 2 (again, in CE, she noted that it was a risk to Chief's systems. She had also tapped into the teleportation grid in CE, something she didn't have the chance to do in H2). In H3, there was no teleportation grid to use. &gt; Do you now see how overly complex and stupid this scenario is? It's only "overly complicated" because you're making it that way. You're ignoring the evidence I present or making up excuses for why it doesn't work. &gt; It's a deus ex machina. Again, you're miss using that word, but let's assume for a second you aren't. Let's assume you're right. That doesn't make anything I've said wrong or incorrect. Deus Ex Machina isn't an explanation, it's a label. &gt; Your explanations make sense but they're so absurdly complex and far-fetched that the simpler explanation is infinitely more plausible It's hardly complexe or far-fetched, but I'll humor you for a second: name 1 explanation that's "infinitely more plausible". And don't say "Deus Ex Machina". That's not an explanation. &gt; There is no explanation for why Cortana retains her teleporting powers from the 1st Halo game, She doesn't, she's just using a teleportation grid present within the ship, similar to how she used Installation 04's in Halo CE. Do you not remember all the teleporting around in Halo 4? If not, I suggest you replay it. &gt; why she can ... freeze time She can't. I never made this claim, and neither does Halo 4. &gt; clone herself This was first explained back in *Halo: First Strike*, and expanded upon in Halsey's Journal. It's a thing AI can do (with some risk). &gt; fly and turn into magic chains She was manifesting as hard-light. No magic necessary. &gt; All that comes out of her rampancy No. You're making shit up. &gt; She can take a physical appearance and disintegrate into thin air? For the upteenth time: **HARD-FUCKING-LIGHT!** We crossed a fucking bridge made out of it in Halo CE! You said you've played that numerous times, so you should know what it is. &gt; You lore addicts might understand this stuff cuz you live and breath it. But the rest of us are fucked. Don't try to act like you're smarter than me just cuz you spend more time reading Halo novels and researching this than I do. That's kind of the definition of being smarter: having more knowledge. However, other than explaining why Cortana can clone herself, I have done nothing but use explanations from in the games themselves, no extra lore required. &gt; The story of Halo 4 should not be this confusing to someone that's played the games for 14 years. And if you take more than a second to actually think about it, it makes perfect sense. The ONLY ancillary material you'd need to understand it is the terminals to understand the Didact.
&gt; I'm starting not to care about it anymore. Probably because you can't answer the questions I posed. &gt; I'll just stick with the games. The simple, beautiful games. They are, including Halo 4. The game is pretty self-explanatory.
In addition, the original story doesn't actually mention a year, the Shipmaster just notes that it's been 6 years since the end of the war, which could mean 2558. *The Return* could have already happened, for all we know.
Halo 6 isn't going to be the end of a trilogy. It'll be the next part of the Reclaimer Saga. We likely have a few more game before that Saga ends, including a couple main-entry titles.
That dialogue is straight out the opening to Halo Wars 2, when Red Team finds Isabel :)
I'm surprises that footage is still up after all this time. Usually that shit get removed really quickly.
As a main enemy in Halo 6, no. Perhaps at the very end, like a Legendary ending teasing their return in Halo 7. &gt; And IF they return it would mean the end of Halo 3 would have been for nothing. Not really. We've known, even back then, that the Flood weren't done with. We eliminated one outbreak, but not the Flood as a whole. There are still samples on the remaining Halo rings, and who knows where else in, our beyond, our galaxy.
My own theory is related to 343 going from a planned trilogy to a saga. Halo 5's story had to be shuffled around and reworked for that new plan, which meant cutting out the Didact's original role and delaying his return.
Very possible, but I'll just say this: the in-game model for Elites are using a harness closer to the H3 model, so temper you expectations.
Cortana has been hacking Forerunner systems since Halo CE (with no explanation until Halo Reach, mind you). Throughout Halo 4, she hacks Forerunner teleportation systems to move the Chief around Requiem, and later, the Didact's ship. Then when you confront the Didact, she uses hard-light versions of herself to hold him down and distract him. The idea that she teleports Chief away and encases him in hard-light is pretty simple to deduce; maybe not immediately, but some critical thought is all it takes. &gt; It was really emotional and well-written dialogue, but it did NOT fit the Halo game. Please, explain. I'd love to hear how.
&gt; In fact, originally Bungie never intended to have a race of Forerunners - they were supposed to be ancient humans whose records have been long lost. Until Halo 3. &gt; And originally the Flood were supposed to have defeated the Forerunners, but if you read the Forerunner trilogy, the Flood literally could not do shit to a demilitarized Forerunner Ecumene The Flood did defeat the Forerunners. Most of that was done in the last few years of the War, but it was done nonetheless. It look the Flood gaining access to Precursor technology to do it. In addition, the Forerunners basically hid behind their Maginot Sphere during those year, accounting for the long-term stale mate. The final few years, however, the Forerunners were on the run and loosing, badly.
&gt; In Mythos it's stated that Faber came up with the Halos as a neural physics weapon off Human notes about Flood being susceptible to neural physics. In the Forerunner trilogy it's stated that Faber didn't even design the Halos, it was Bornstellar's dad who did it, and furthermore Faber only realized that the Halos might nullify neural physics DURING the design process. That's not a retcon. Faber did design the Halos initially, but it was Bornstellar's father who figured out how to make those designs work. At worst, Mythos is just summing up the events. The Halos were Faber's idea. In addition, what Mythos states is that the Flood were susceptible to neural-physical attacks. That doesn't automatically mean that Faber would now that constructs that utilized neural physics would fall apart when hit the with Halo effect. The Forerunner Saga also never states that Faber wasn't aware of what the Halos might do to Precursor constructs. &gt; I'm sure 343 could retcon the Primordial if they wanted to. And given the frequency of Halo retcons in the past, I see no reason to believe that they wouldn't. Sure they could, but I don't see why they would. What it is remains extremely vague right now, so the worst 343 can do is clarify what it is. &gt; First of all, Mendicant Bias only became corrupted because Faber assigned him to have a heart-to-heart with the Primordial without telling anyone Because I'm sure Faber knew Mendicant Bias would become corrupted. &gt; Second of all, of course Faber did things on purpose. For example, when an elite Builder pointed out that the Halos were too big and would cause slipspace issues (these slipspace issues later crippled Forerunner fleets), Faber tried to kill her, killed her dad for trying to protect her, then fed her to the flood. Seems pretty fucking intentional to me. And using Halo to genocide the San'Shyuum? Yes, he did terrible things to individuals, often to preserve his own power, but he never did anything to purposefully jeopardize the Forerunner ecumene. The key here is intent. &gt; It's strongly implied that he simply didn't give a shit, due to the fact that even at this time Faber was selling these Flood ships to his own race for "extortionate sums". He intended to increase his own power, not to purposefully betray his race. He cut corners to make a profit, not because he wanted the Forerunner to lose. &gt; Only because the Flood had already grown so powerful that they formed Keyminds. But it's not like a certain someone gutted his own military, caused his own government to be 1 shotted, and fed his best commander to the flood, leading to this outcome, right? Right??? Again, Faber did a lot of shitty stuff, but never with the intent for the Forerunners to fall. His intent was to win, with him coming out as the ultimate victor. &gt; Maginot sphere was proven beyond a doubt to be obsolete many millennia ago during a Forerunner civil war, when some Forerunners simply bypassed it and razed dozens of systems. I am well aware. It had weaknesses, but it was useful. *Silentium* notes that despite the breach you're referring to, the leason didn't stick with the Forerunners for long. There is 0 reason to think it wasn't active. &gt; Faber's actions directly caused his own military to be gutted, Mendicant Bias to go rampant and 1 shotting the Forerunner government, the Halos to be destroyed/lost (due to his misusing them which caused the Halos to be recalled), Ur-Didact's insanity, etc etc. But again, the key is intent. Faber's intent was the beat the Flood and come out on top, not betray his race like you seem to be pushing for.
After Silentium it made perfect sense, yes. Before? Not so much.
H3A isn't happening. &gt; There are no h3 anniversary plans at this time - Frank O'Connor, November 12, 2016
Yep. I eagerly await, my popcorn in hand.
Kilo-5. Halo 5 is mediocre at worst, in my opinion, the main issues related to dropping storylines begun in Spartan Ops and downplaying the journey the Chief started on and the end of Halo 4. It was a let down, but not terrible Kilo-5, while I can enjoy the first two books, was dragged down by the piss-poor final entry, and the books are way, way longer than they have to be. In addition, all the books are rather boring.
Glasslands I think I actually enjoyed, despite some flaws. Thursday War was interesting, at worst underwhelming. Mortal Dictata is a sin against Humanity.
Here's the difference. When H2A was asked about, Frankie said, "No one is working on Halo 2 Anniversary at this time", which was true at the time he said it. Plus, after CEA, the possibility of H2A was immediately put out there by 343, saying that it could happen if there was enough fan demand. Other than Frankie's statement, 343 have never commented on H3A. &gt; IMO, it seems fairly illogical to release 2/3 remasters of a trilogy. In my opinion, releasing H2A was illogical, rather than saving it for Halo's 15th or 20th Anniversary.
It's really hard to say. It could easily have been she was given too much freedom, or not enough. Her quote about not familiarizing herself with the lore hasn't really helped.
I'm sure they did, which is why I place blame on both 343 and Traviss for the issues.
Not at all. We all have different tastes. For as much as I hate *Mortal Dictata*, I'll still encourage people to read it and form their own opinion on it.
&gt; H3 was the best selling Halo game of all time Because it happened to be the right game at the right time. The market has changed radically since the days of Halo 3. &gt; It is a guaranteed cash cow with minimal effort. False. Very false. You're still basically making a brand new game, just with a few steps already done for you. The effort would also depend on how much remastering 343 and their partners did to the game.
&gt; Big example being how much the main crew and even parangosky hate Halsey. That personally never really bothered me until *Mortal Dictata*, where it felt like it was ramped up to 11. Further, the books demonize Halsey while giving a fair shake to Parangosky (a character who has done far worse than Halsey, by miles).
Nightfall was very middle ground. The Second Stories help out a lot, but the core movie is pretty poor, especially considering all the talent that went into it. Funny enough, it's actually slightly more enjoyable as a movie rather than 5 episodes (even though they kept the episode fades in the DVD/blu-ray release).
&gt; Mortal Dictata had a good premise. It definitely did. Hell, if it hadn't been tied to the the previous two books, I might have enjoyed it more. I was honestly really excited for it when I read the chapter previews before the book came out. Sadly, it just didn't execute well.
Because of the possibility of an extra-galactic Flood invasion. There could always be more Flood on the way, and preserving samples ensures that study of the parasite can continue.
&gt; It still baffles me why people can bash reach and ODST and then turn around and practically worship 4 I don't think I've ever seen ODST's story bashed. It's usually the levels, the length of the game, the fact it was $60 at release. I could be wrong, though. Reach is bashed because it basically tried to retcon *Halo: The Fall of Reach*, which, for many, is about as sacred as Halo CE. Bungie basically went Terminator: Genisys on the book. &gt; then turn around and practically worship 4... which arguably has many of the same storytelling faults of 5 Not even close. Halo 4's story is praised because it was an emotionally deep, character driven story, one that respected the established lore in ways never seen before in a Halo game.
&gt; Nonsensical design changes are not addressed A fair criticism of the game, but that's not necessarily an issue with storytelling, that's more a design issue. &gt; They completely gloss over you fighting the Covenant again, despite forming an alliance last time around The glossy over it, sure, but it really shouldn't need a deep explanation. The alliance with the Sangheili was one of convenience. To this day, I'm shocked that people really think all aggression between the Sangheili and Humanity would just stop when the war ended. &gt; The plot is driven by deus ex machina and incompetence. The omnipotent evil guy is still somehow powerless against Chief's patented gumptionTM even though he can use the Force. Patently false. The Didact wasn't powerless at the end. Cortana used hard light, the same stuff that Forerunners made bridges out of, that helps hold the Didact's ship together, to hold the Didact himself in place. This gave the Chief an opening to plant a grenade in the Didact's armor. Without Cortana's interference, the Didact would have won. And it's not "the force", it's gravity manipulation. &gt; Palmer is a bitch for no reason, does nothing to warrant attitude How is she a bitch? Because of the "I thought you'd be taller" line? She was being playful. People do that, especially during or after a tense situation. The comment was made in good faith. &gt; Basically introduced simply for spartan assault I'm guessing. She was made to be a new character in the Reclaimer Saga. &gt; Del Rio is unrealistic in his entirety. He is somehow an arrogant, overconfident ass with anger issues, and also a coward. He would simply not be in his position considering every surviving officer from the war would be a better officer. Del Rio is a wasted character, but hardly unrealistic. He got the position of Captain of Infinity because he had a record of getting the ships and crew he commanded home in one piece. Once on Requiem, his only goal was to get his ship and crew home in one piece. When he saw the threat of the Didact, he saw no need to put his ship and crew in what could potentially be a deadly situation, and instead decided to follow protocol. When the Master Chief disobeyed him, he saw his crew was starting to turn on him (or saw that as a potential outcome). And guess what? People weren't listening to him. Lasky disobeyed him, Palmer disobeyed him. His anger was warranted. &gt; Lasky is written directly as a foil to him so you like him. His character is transparent and has no personality except to be liked by contrast with Del Rio. That's true. &gt; The Infinity doesn't make sense. We had like 5 frigates as a species at the end of Halo 3. We had 5 ships left in home fleet. There were other ships on other deployments. During Halo 3, there was no faster-than-light communications, and travel took a lot longer than it did during the time of Halo 4. Often weeks to months. &gt; We were economicly devastated, population holocaust, planets pushed back to wartorn Earth. Much of Earth was evacuated between Halo 2 and 3 to mitigate civilian casualties. Even if Earth and all her population were lost, however, there were still a good number of colonies and Humans out there. A decent number of planets survived the Covenant War intact. &gt; Yet within a decade we have the biggest, baddest ship out there...sure Construction on Infinity began in 2544 and commissioned in 2557, months before the events of Halo 4 (though it saw action as early as 2553). What's so hard to believe about a ship that size being finished in a decade, though? That's a long-ass time. &gt; And lets not even touch chief surviving a nuke in his hand and then going to platform 9 3/4s with Cortana with light bridge magic that still is bullshit. No, let's. The nuke didn't go off immediately. As Cortana notes earlier in the final level: &gt; Chief, once that warhead is primed, the window for getting out of here is going to be pretty slim The Chief merely primed it at the end. That gave Cortana more than enough time to teleport him away from the ship (we've been teleporting the ship the whole damn level) and surround him in a hard-light "box". It's not magic, it's stuff that has been part of Halo since day 1, and stuff we've seen done throughout Halo 4.
&gt; A bitchy, unfunny joke. Hardly. She was making a joke after a tense situation. It's what Humans do. &gt; And that you have to read comics or a book for that to be explained is even more evidence of it being written badly and lazily. You really don't. You just have to give it some thought.
Never been stated, but that's what I took the flashbacks as. But yeah, at the end of the day, it's headcanon.
&gt; Will they just blow up the ark They already stated that they have plans for the Ark beyond Halo Wars 2. This, at the very least, is one thing we don't have to worry about.
The Flood outbreak on the Ark was taken care of. There are other potential sources of Flood, though
&gt; It's stupid that they used the H5 armor for Blue Team instead of the Mk IV. They used a mix. The bodies are slightly modified Mk. IV, as seen in Halo Wars. The helmets are either the Halo 5 helmets or a mix of [GEN2] and Mk. IV.
&gt; It was kind of obvious from the beginning to me that I (and most of the other people on this sub) were not the target audience of the show That's fine, but you can tell the story without making unnecessary changes. &gt; My roommate, who has played Halo games for years but didn't really know much about the lore, loved it. A friend of mine unfamiliar with the Halo lore hated it, and was not a fan of John as a character.
What exactly would he have been able to do? Best he could do in Halo 3 was talk via the terminals. In *Hunters in the Dark*, the Ark was severely damaged and 000 Tragic Solitude had control of the Ark's systems. Mendicant probably couldn't have done anything.
The SDCC Panel from last year. I don't have an exact time-stamp, so I hope this suffices: https://www.reddit.com/r/HaloStory/comments/4usdf8/halo_wars_2_sdcc_panel/
It's not impossible, but I wouldn't hold your breath.
Thank you for the support. Glad you enjoy the content :)
It was mentioned in a Q&amp;A with lead writer Graeme Devine a while back: https://www.reddit.com/r/HaloWars/comments/2nro3o/halo_wars_ama_with_graeme_devine_is_here/
If he has any beliefs, I don't think they involve Forerunners being anything other than a highly advanced race.
It's largely canon focused (like /r/HaloStory here): https://www.youtube.com/user/HaloCanon
We've done a few collaborations here and there.
It wasn't destroyed, but it was pretty severely damaged.
The whole Biko incident was a test by ONI to see how the public would react to the Chief going rogue (remember, it was originally framed that the Chief had attacked the peace talks). It also gave ONI and the UNSC a chance the buckle down on the outer colonies after the rioting. This is why, when the Chief actually goes rogue in Halo 5, he's declared KIA to the public.
No more than it's always been. HTT was designed for the more casual fans, to give people the Chief's backstory and history, and introduce people to the larger universe.
Yes. Marketing works best when targeting the widest audience available, which in gaming, will always be the casual audience.
It's hard to say how hardcore or casual the audience was, but the series had a huge following, and casuals of varying degrees are usually the majority. Regardless of the actual numbers, the series was made with a casual audience in mind.
&gt; Theres supposed to be a huge behavioural difference between elite spartans and marines. These guys are supposed to be wholly dedicated to one thing and one thing only, being a machine that kills what their masters tell them too. they are not supposed to be social. If you were talking about Spartan-IIs or IIIs, I'd agree. However, we're talking about Spartan-IVs, individuals pulled from the rank &amp; file of the UNSC. They aren't going to act like the Spartans of old, nor should they. &gt; And at least in bungies games the gear the marines wore looked like plausible military gear. Now they wear what seems to be giant neon colored foam outfits. They wore cloth with pieces of metal strapped on.
It's not all that clear whether the Precursors made the Domain or simply found it. Some are leaning towards the latter, these days. And the Domain itself is alive in some manner. It has a consciousness and a will. The Universe, according to the philosophy of living time, a core precept of the Mantle, does propose that the Universe is alive, just not in the sense that we normally understand life.
It was pretty heavily damaged. You can soft of get an idea from the [cover art](http://www.halopedia.org/images/2/2a/Hunters_in_the_Dark_full_cover.jpg) for [*Halo: Hunters in the Dark*.](http://www.halopedia.org/Halo:_Hunters_in_the_Dark) In that novel, the UNSC returns to the Ark. After the events of the books, they set up bases and research outposts in order to study and repair the Ark. That's why it's in pristine condition in Halo Wars 2.
You challenge him like you would any other twitter user
He was a Precursor creation that had an intimate connection to the Domain, and was used by the Forerunners to learn about and connect to the Domain. How he was used by the Precursors isn't clear.
Spartan-1's, or ORION candidates, did not have specialized armor. Spartan-IIs were the first to wear powered suits, the Mjolnir Mk. IV platform. This was built on top of the progress makes with the Mk. I-III exosuits, though much of the designs for Mjolnir had to be taken back to the drawing board. [The original Mk. IV](http://www.halopedia.org/MJOLNIR_Powered_Assault_Armor/Mark_IV) was a powered assault armor that was environmentally sealed with 90 minutes of emergency oxygen, featured a heads up display with multiple visor settings, and enhanced the strength, speed, and dexterity of the user. Over the course of its operational history, multiple variants released for specialized tasks and combat roles. When it first released, there were a number of designs (hence why we see that Mk. VI looking one in *Forward Unto Dawn*), but the final production model released in 2535 resembled the version seen in Halo Wars. In November of 2551, a version of [Mk. V](http://www.halopedia.org/MJOLNIR_Powered_Assault_Armor/Mark_V) was rolled out for select Spartan teams. This was very similar to the Mk. IV, but featured energy shields. In August of 2552, the final model of Mk. V was rolled out and given to the surviving Spartan-IIs, just prior to Operation: RED FLAG. Along with shielding, this version could also carry an AI. A couple months later, [Mk. VI](http://www.halopedia.org/MJOLNIR_Powered_Assault_Armor/Mark_VI) was rolled out. This version featured all the upgrades of the Mk. V, but further enhanced a Spartan's abilities and featured integrated biofoam injectors, so medpacks were no longer necessary in the case of severe bodily damage. Around this time, early version of what would become [GEN2] suits were rolled out, primarily used by Spartans Fred-104 and Linda-058. Spartan-IIIs generally used [SPI Armor](http://www.halopedia.org/Semi-Powered_Infiltration_armor). This was little more than advanced ODST armor. It offered minimal physiological enhancement and less protection, but also featured photo-reactive plating (ie stealth systems). There were a couple main-line interations of SPI, the second improving the stealth system. Some Spartan-IIIs were pulled from the company, such as the members of Noble Team, placed in special teams, and given Mjolnir armor. With the advent of the Spartan-IVs came Mjolnir GEN2, which dropped the Mark system of GEN1 in favor of progressive updates (basically why GEN2 suddenly has integrated thrusters in Halo 5). By 2558, most Spartans, be they IIs, IIIs, or IVs, had upgraded to GEN2, though there were a few exceptions: - Some Spartan-IIIs, notably from Gamma Company, continue to use SPI armor. - Naomi-010, one of the few surviving Spartan-IIs, uses the only known suit of Mk. VII - Spartan Teams Red and Gray use Mk. IV, as both are still out of contact with the UNSC.
While a heavy weapon, any soldier can use a Spartan Laser. The "Spartan" in the name comes from the fact that it was developed alongside the Gungnir Mjolnir variant by Misriah Armory. However, the final laser weapon was designed not just for Spartans, but for general use by the average soldier.
That's not neon. Semantics aside, though, I think they may be medics or MPs. Field marines don't look like that.
It would be post-war. Plenty of Human colonies survived, intact. Could be the city was destroyed before the Banished arrived, too, and they're there for resources or something. EDIT: Although, the fires and smoke seem to imply recent destruction.
Keep in mind that's just a rumor. Don't put too much stock in it.
How many really knew about the Banished? We know next to nothing about them, and it's possible neither did most of the Covenant. I can't imagine the Prophets would want the word out that a group was successfully resisting the Covenant.
Some beyond the highest in power knew. When Resa 'Azavayl's spec-ops group confronted Atriox, the definitely knew who he was. Of course, Resa's group were part of the Silent Shadow, which are basically assassins. They may have known secrets unknown to others.
I remember the book mentioning the Banished indirectly, but I don't recall how much knowledge of them she really had. &gt; Isabel is certainly well-informed regarding the group's history. She's been stuck on the Ark for 5 months. It's possible she had time to gather some intel while keeping herself hidden. That said, I wouldn't be all that surprised of ONI knew about the Banished to some degree.
They aren't extinct, but there aren't many left. Those that survived went into hiding, a few leading Brute factions from the Shadows. As of 2553, Rtas 'Vadum was hunting down those that remained, though the status of that hunt remains unknown.
&gt; I feel like there's a huge missed opportunity to create some tension here: If we initially played soley as Locke, were kept completely in the dark as to Chief's whereabouts and intentions; the whole "Hunt the Truth" campaign would've made fans genuinely wonder where Chief's loyalties lay. I completely agree. Just taking out the Blue Team levels would have been a major improvement for Halo 5's campaign.
&gt; there isn't really any art to avoiding the obstacles because they pop up randomly, They don't. They're VERY consistent.
&gt; How the fuck can you classify going over a jump and having the panel fall out from under you a mistake? That doesn't even remotely make sense. How is it not a mistake? You made a wrong call and were punished. Doesn't matter whether you knew about the panel(s) falling out from under you or not. &gt; Why the fuck should somebody have to restart 3 times in the middle of the run because you can't plan your route until you've already flown it blind? Of course you have to run it blind at least once, I was simply saying that the panel falling isn't random. &gt; Also, the trigger volumes are garbage and you can absolutely have one fall out from under you with no chance to avoid it. I just played it in MCC a few months ago and it totally did that. Then you were going too slow
The San'Shyuum weren't space faring, post-array. The only thing that every allowed the San'Shyuum to leave their planet was the Dreadnought. Those that remained are only known to have made it to about tier 5 on the technology scale. &gt; The Forerunners called them graceful and even peaceful, living full, lavish lives in a manner of beauty. That seems to conflict with our view of them based on the history we are aware of after the reintroduction. Perhaps a massive, peaceful faction went off into their own quiet corner of the galaxy to develop their own advanced, borderline utopian society in a bid to leave the other factions to their petty squabbles without being bothered. They were peaceful and what-not before the Human-Forerunner war. In its wake, their society rapidly shifted to one that valued age and wisdom, one closer to what we saw during the age of the Covenant.
To actually answer the question presented: because there actually is subtext to suggest that Holtzman was interested in Erin. Anyone with two brain cells would be able to pick up on it.
I'd love to find one of these, buy a bunch of burgers, and eat in them in front of the protestors.
It's been a while since I've read the Thursday War, but I don't believe Infinity had her new Forerunner-sourced slipspace engines installed at the time.
That's not biofoam. Biofoam is closer to to what we saw used in Blade Trinity. This is a start, though.
Doesn't mean the AIs are automatically going to be able to perfectly interface with Forerunner tech.
&gt; And by the Thursday War, humanity now have MUCH, MUCH more experience with Forerunner technology Not really. CE was Sept. 2552. Thursday War is March 2553. That's 6 months. &gt; Enough to even throw some of their stuff into their own ship. Only with the help of Huragok. &gt; Plus human AI's are now significantly more advanced. Not by much. &gt; If Cortana could instantly interface with an unknown Forerunner installation I just showed you that she didn't/couldn't. It's only because of her interaction with the artifact below Sword Base on Reach that she was able to effortlessly interface with the console on Alpha Halo. Even then, the circumstances were different. She could access information, but couldn't actually manipulate the installation.
&gt; Yes, but they've been studying Shield World Treveylan during that time, plus they have all the data Cortana stole from Halo. Their understanding of Forerunner tech grow exponentially. The Shield World was discovered in February. ONI had been there for a month, at best. Yes, they learned a lot from Halo, but that's about Halo, not necessarily about Forerunner astrogation. &gt; Halsey actually did a lot of the work She help, but the Huragok were essential in the process. &gt; An entire generation actually. 4th generation smart AI's are out by Thursday War. And 5th generation AI existed in 2552 (Ghosts of Onyx). What the generation term means isn't all that clear with AI. &gt; So she was able to successfully interface with the Babd-Catha Forerunner artifact almost immediately then She wasn't. She was there for weeks. &gt; Wrong. She took control of the teleportation grid, not only teleporting Chief with it, but actually re-wiring it to draw power from his MJOLNIR. True, I was off. Still, as we can see in the game, her ability to bring Chief to a specific location wasn't exactly spot-on. Infinity, in *The Thursday War*, is being deployed for the first time with an untested slipspace drive, something that has not been used before.
He uses a powered gauntlet (which, if I recall, actually has Mjolnir components in it) to crush Douglas's armor. So no, he doesn't have the brute (heh) strength, but he does have the augmented strength.
&gt; They learned truckloads about interfacing with Forerunner technology Interfacing it one thing. Executing is another. &gt; Isn't that your argument? That Infinity's AI is interfacing so poorly with the engines that it's causing a 1 quadrillion-fold loss in jump accuracy? Or maybe Cortana was being hyperbolic. I think you're over playing the loss in accuracy. It may be a loss from what the engine is capable of, but compared to Human ability, its a vast improvement. &gt; Infinity, it's clear that Halsey has quite a decent understanding of Forerunner technology, definitely more than enough to interface with them properly. And remember, Halsey was locked up, so whatever understanding she had during Halo 4 and 5 she also had during Thursday War. No she didn't. In *Thursday War*, she was still learning about the engines and upgrades. &gt; Bro Deep Winter is almost certainly a plot hole. The most reasonable explanation is that he was actually a dumb AI. He's most certainly a typo, but he exists. Regardless, just saying BB is a 4th generation AI doesn't mean much as, again, we don't really know what that means, what sort of technological leap that entails. Oh, and Deep Winter was not a dumb AI. That much is clear. &gt; Mining data for weeks. She interfaced with it quickly. We don't know that. Even if she was, Halsey's journal makes it clear that there was a long process of accessing the information stored in the Forerunner core. &gt; She forgot to flip 1 set of co-ordinates so he ended exactly where he was supposed to end up, but just upside down. He was supposed to be brought to Keyes' location. He wasn't just upside down, he was off-destination. &gt; Ok and? Point? To you, this can account for a 1 quadrillion fold loss of accuracy? Again, you are hanging on way too much to that number. The point is that we're talking about an untested technology. Let's say for a second that the AI on Infinity (a dumb AI, by the way) was interfacing perfectly with the slipspace drive. That doesn't mean it was interfacing with the rest of the ship perfectly. It was a first run. &gt; When you build the first working prototype of a rocket to launch something to the moon, you expect it to go to Mars simply due to the fact that it was un-tested? What? That's a terrible analogy. And by the way, a lot of early rockets failed spectacularly. So yes, I would honestly be surprised if a new technology, or even a new iteration of an existing technology, worked perfectly on the first go. SpaceX has been spending years rediscovering principles of rocketry NASA has known for decades.
&gt; Canonically, the different styles are because they were built by different castes of Forerunner society. This was never actually confirmed. The only official explanation I recall hearing was from Frankie saying that Halo 4 would feature "active" Forerunner structures (or something along those lines). An alternative theory I've heard is that the Halo and Ark architecture look different because they were created later in Forerunner civilization than something like Requiem or Genesis.
A good idea I've seen thrown around is that quitters would either be forced to rejoin the match they quit, or wait for that match to be over before they could join a new game.
The Scorpion's max-speed is 60 MPH, not 33 [Source](http://www.halopedia.org/M808C_Scorpion)
Interesting note I just found, too, the M820 Scorpion (Halo 5's Scorpion) uses a 150mm canon. Don't know which Scorpion OP wanted to compare to, but the H5 Scorpion might be a bit more of a match for the Abrams. M820 also moves up to 80 mph.
Major Nelson's comment makes it sound like it's time played rather than unique users.
I will never understand the hate for the new Pelican. The differences aren't major and it maintains the Pelican's iconic silhouette.
Compared to the other issues Halo 5 has, this is likely very, very low on 343's priority list. Like, at the very bottom.
Pre-production means people haven't been cast and deals haven't been signed. The show's basically been in pre-production since it was announced.
As long as it actually happens, I think any wait is worth it :)
Last we heard, they were still working out a deal with Showtime
Minimal benefits which are basically negated by modern technology. Wash your dick and you're good. And actually, religious motivations are in the minority when it comes to circumcision. The crazy for it in the United States comes from Kellogg, the cereal guy, pushing it as a way to stem masturbation.
Seeing Isabel get revenge for the all the people she cared about, yeah.
&gt; she was just a digital person That's literally what Halo's smart AI are...
Is this splitscreen or over XBL? I've had limited success with the latter. XBL co-op is extremely prone to issues. Splitscreen less so in my experience.
Sorry for the delayed response. Yeah, XBL is sketchy at best. Sometimes changing the host will work, but I wouldn't count on it too much. Best solution is to try and get together and do splitscreen.
It's not that much of a cash grab as people seem to think. The Anniversary games do better than your average remaster, but also require a lot more investment.
It's in their weekly community update, near the top, on their website. That's pretty well advertised.
&gt; Monday – Thursday, June 12-14: The Xbox Daily: Live @ E3 show will be streaming live from E3 every day with exclusive content, special guests and more at Mixer.com/Xbox. Members of the 343 team will be stopping by during the week and will have some cool things to show and talk about that will be of particular interest to Halo Wars 2 fans. Stay tuned to @Halo on Twitter and we’ll let you know exactly when we’ll be on the air! https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/unconventional-approach
Which means even more money sunk into it, meaning it has to do even better than if it were just on Xbox.
Because this shit is cancer. 343 said not to expect much, and there wasn't much. And they let us know **A WEEK AGO** that the main Halo content would be tomorrow. https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/unconventional-approach
And bless them for it.
H3A was denied multiple times. Gravemind was confirmed fake. The TV show doesn't even have a crew, let alone a cast or anything to show (nevermind how pissed people were about Xbox talking about TV shows years ago. You really think they want to do that again?). And Halo 6's presence was denied a while ago, too. Don't care for HW2? Fine, but don't say you weren't warned about what to expect. If you're disappointed, that's entirely on you.
&gt; To put that as a community update and not its own individual post is a huge oversight How? It's at the start of the update, too. &gt; I stopped reading them because they're filled with useless bullshit that didn't inform the community on the state of projects You aren't going to have something to say every damn week. And if you stopped reading, that's on you. 343 puts them out there, and even posts them here on /r/Halo and in other communities. &gt; Where are any of the three things listed above? Like the post says, keep an eye on twitter.
&gt; you have to understand how ridiculous the state of this series is Depends on what you mean. I know that the multiplayer isn't as popular as it was in 2007-09, but the franchise is doing well overall. Look at all the books and guide we are/have been getting. &gt; obviously the community wants a definitive answer on a 343 project other than DLC and a 4K update. They can want it all they like. The fact is, 343 told us not to expect much this year, that the main thing to see would be shown tomorrow. If people are disappointed, it's their own fault.
&gt; At that points its not being spoiled its having expectations. We naturally expect Halo E3 content. And you should temp those expectation based on what knowledge is available. 343 were very clear about what we could expect, more so than usual, I'd argue. &gt; Transparent or not you cant blame people for being mad that this year I can and I do. There's very little more that 343 could have done to temp expectations. People chose to ignore it or didn't seek out the information made readily available to them. &gt; A significant portion of the community dislikes Halo 5. A significant portion of the community do not play Halo Wars 2 regular if at all. Then they should just accept that there isn't going to be anything interesting for them at E3 this year. &gt; I expected some shroud of hope to keep players hyped for the next major release. Why? &gt; I only expected something to keep the fans hyped untill Halo 6. Even a Halo 6 teaser with just Chiefs in the dirt would of sufficed for me. Something is better than nothing. Ske7ch confirmed weeks ago that Halo 6 wouldn't be present at E3 at all (to say nothing about the press briefing). Grim further clarified that we could expect HW2 content on Monday.
&gt; it was on a community update on a website that most of the Halo community doesn't look at. That's their own fault for not reading it. As I've said elsewhere, that update was posted here and in other communities. You have to purposefully ignore it to miss it.
&gt; The most popular and successful Halo title of all time launching alongside a brand new more powerful Xbox console? Yeah im sure it would of done well. Maybe, maybe not. Frank O'Connor said: &gt; There are no h3 anniversary plans at this time and the diminishing returns would make it a tricky proposition anyway [Source](http://wccftech.com/343-development-director-halo-3/)
Besides it being release mere days before the conference? Yeah, why read, indeed.
Exactly as advertised.
He has every right to be. The information was put out there, clear as day.
&gt; How would we know what the contents of the update are if they are not specified? By reading. Or hell, just skim the damn thing. That's what I do. I don't care about most of the community updates, but I still skim through to see if something catches my eye.
&gt; Halo has been a major fixture in one fashion or another at Xbox E3 every year for a long time. Except E3 2005, but yeah. &gt; Putting out a "btw guys, we won't appear in the main stage event" in their community update on Waypoint is not even close to what they should have done to set the community's expectations appropriately. What should they have done?
&gt; But a lot of single player and Multiplayer assets are shared You do realize how many assets there would be regardless, right? Most of the shared assets are small things like character models, weapons, scenery items (like crates). There'd still be a shit-ton to remake, especially if you're visually updating the MP and Forge, too.
&gt; Without us being able to personally go through all the assets I've gone through all the assets. There are shit-ton, and only select number are shared. &gt; For example i doubt they made multiplayer specific dirt and grass textures. I doubt the Snow on Avalanche is a different texture than the snow on Halo. Yes, but they use different models. Models that need to be built and textured separately from the campaign stuff. It's possible there are tools that could cut back on time in the H3 engine, or could be developed for the overlayed graphics engine, but it's still a shit-ton of assets. There's a reason H2A's MP was developed separately from the H2A campaign.
&gt; It wasn't advertised well enough to address everyone It was. It's people's own fault for not reading the update. &gt; it was never specified what the contents of the community update would be. I didn't want to play this, but fine: Dude, it was the update before E3. Historically, the updates before an event have ALWAYS had event-relevant info in them. If you want to know what's going on and you ignore official posts being released just before an event, I'm sorry, but that's just dumb.
&gt; So only HW2 this year Yeah. They've been saying that for weeks.
&gt; It's not our fault we don't understand the contents of the update. Yes it is. &gt; Considering they were adamant about how not much Halo would be shown, it wouldn't have surprised me if the update didn't have any information in it. I fail to see that as a legitimate reason to not skim the damn thing. It take a minute, at best.
&gt; You don't just mix that sort of thing in with another community update and expect that to reach enough people Except that's the way it's been since Bungie was in control. &gt; Otherwise, you end up with the fan reaction we're seeing tonight People would have reacted this way no matter what. I've been talking about the rivers of salt that would flow today since at least February, if not earlier. &gt; I still don't think you're hearing I hear you, I just disagree.
That's just one part of making the remaster. You then have the graphics overlay engine and the assets. And as I mention in another comment, there's a consideration as to how much you graphically update: Just the campaign? Everything? If the former, do you leave the classic MP alone, or do you remaster it a-la H2A MP?
Because the information was made easily and readily available to regular readers of this subreddit, and the Halo community in general. People are basically complaining about something they should have known about, and when shown that the information was available, are making up excuses to justify their emotionally-driven response.
&gt; going around being toxic isn't a good look for everyone That's what I'd say about the people I'm responding to.
lol, they were alienated because there was no major Halo news? Okay. Well then, I guess they know how most other gaming franchise fans feel on one year or another. I mean, dear god, it's one year without Halo at the media briefing.
&gt; Why are you being patronizing? I honestly don't know. That's a serious answer, by the way, not trying to be smart or something there. &gt; People have every right to feel however they want about things As do I. &gt; if you're someone who didn't then this E3 most have really sucked for them That's fine, but I don't care for the people acting like this wasn't broadcast all over the place over the previous month. It was made very clear that H6 would have no presence, and the most recent Community update, which was posted here and pinned on the front page, that the only presence Halo would have would be tomorrow. &gt; I / others know that 343i said not to expect much, but frankly we don't care I'm sorry, but that's dumb. 343 told you not to expect much and you ignored them? Why? &gt; we feel let down by some of their choices in the past and as a result are expecting retribution of sorts. Welcome to the club.
This response was to a post about H3A for both PC &amp; XB1, not a simple PC port. A PC port **would** be pretty cheap (at least relative to H3A) and something I'd personally love to see happen one day.
&gt; I was really hoping for something as simple as an MCC PC port this year That'll never happen sadly. 343 won't touch MCC with a 10 ft. pole. &gt; it doesn't look like PC gamers will ever get to experience the games kept from them for so many years. Looking that way :\
Yes, E3 2005. In E3 2008, I've heard it wasn't at the Media Briefing (though the HW trailer came out that year). HW2 will be at E3 tomorrow, so Halo isn't completely absent.
&gt; need to have seen every EXPANDED UNIVERSE thing 343 has put out to know who Osiris was No you didn't. Osiris is first seen in H5. The members have back stories in certain entries in the fiction, but the important stuff is directly mentioned in Halo 5. &gt; But then Wars 2 will get an 4K Upgrade but Halo 5, the "real" Halo of them two not even a bump up to 1080p 60FPS although its their cash cow Halo 5 is already capable of running at 4K. It doesn't need an update to do so.
It is. It takes quote out of context and orders them in a way to make 343 look bad. For example (3:48), he takes a quote from an artist talking about the visual aesthetic of the game, and place it next to a quote from a campaign engineer talking about level design and layout. It's two quotes, talking about different subjects, played next to each other as if they're comparing apples to apples. 4:14 - He puts a clip talking about the design of Promethean weapons next to a clip talking about the introduction of heavy weapons in Halo 3. 6:46 - He plays this montage of 343 talking about competitive play, followed by a video of a LAN party from the H2 "Making Of" DVD. The point seeming to be about past games being about "fun" and having splitscreen, completely ignoring that a competitive focus was asked for by the community, and ignoring that, when no-splitscreen was announced, A LOT of people defended the decision. 7:37 - Putting a clip of Jason Jones talking about H2 matchmaking next to a clip of Dan Ayub talking about H2 MP being "exactly the same as it was 10 years ago", followed by a search for an H2A (not H2, but H2A) game. It ignores that Dan was talking about gameplay, and objectively, Halo 2 in MCC plays exactly as it did at the end of Halo 2's life. 9:16 - Putting the Halo 2 E3 2003 demo next to Halo 5's E3 demo. I'm really not sure what he was trying to say, admittedly. The Halo 5 demo was was more honest. 10:38 - A clip from 343 as an employee talks about how he feels Halo 4 was a sequel to Halo 3 next to a clip of Jason Jones saying "if you believe that what you're doing is the greatest thing ever, all the time, it's absolutely not."
&gt; To be fair, the literal nothing-ness is why they're are so riled up. It's always a shame to see something you love not get anything new where it's usually expected. Even though we were told, as far back as a month ago, not to expect anything? Even though we were told last week not to expect anything until Monday?
&gt; Because it'd be dumb to expect literally nothing at such an important event If weren't told anything, I'd agree. But we were. &gt; it's not hard to have some sympathy for them. Is for me. People are basically getting mad at 343 for telling the truth.
Of course anything would have been nice, but we were told not to expect anything at the press conference. And honestly, it's only an odd decision from a Halo-centric point of view. Xbox is more than just Halo. It needs other games and exclusives in order to sell.
What? Of course they would. This discussion chain has been about H3A on console &amp; PC.
Maybe the Flood will arrive from somewhere.
Probably. I still have the OG XB1, so it wouldn't be a bad idea to upgrade.
&gt; I do have an issue with the insistence on r/halo of taking what is clearly a negative and using any and all doublethink to twist it into a positive What exactly is negative about it?
Yes, it is canon material.
All I said was that there is more to come for the SP. Nothing else. There's no additional context. If there are any implications, it's what you have projected onto the statement. Want my actual opinion? I'm not a fan of this new DLC being announced without the SP being finished. And to answer your original question: Yesterday, specifically, I was defending 343 because people were upset that 343 had told the truth. They had told us to expect nothing at the press briefing, that Monday would be HW2 news. And that's what we got, and people were upset at 343 for telling the truth. It's dumb, so I defended 343.
That's the Ultimate Edition. The regular season pass just comes with the 7 leaders and 2 extra campaign missions.
Why are so many people asking if this is canon? It campaign DLC. Why wouldn't it be canon?
But again, why wouldn't it be canon? It being canon should be the default assumption.
Halo Wars 2's MP isn't canon at all, and regardless, that's multiplayer. This is campaign DLC we're talking about. Completely different.
343 has a dedicated team for outsource projects, be those Spartan mobile games, Anniversaries/Remasters, or spin-offs like Halo Wars. It's a small team compared to the development staff dedicated to the main-entry titles, but they exist and are heavily involved in the aforementioned projects. If something fucks up, 343 does deserve its share of blame.
Some has been held back for 2 years. Doesn't seem that much is "too much".
"Campaign missions" and "campaign expansion" are virtually the same thing.
&gt; Whether that was the original plan or not? It is, based on what we've seen. I believe it was Gamecheat13 who discovered the planned "entitlement" plan for HW2 back before it came out. It included 7 leaders and a mini-UNSC campaign, plus a "Banished campaign", which we can now see is Awakening the Nightmare.
https://rectifygaming.com/details-on-halo-wars-2-dlc-found-by-halo-modder-hints-at-dlc/
&gt; Kat explicitly states that the distance they are crossing is 96 meters based on geological position I get that, but the visuals conflict with that. Overall, I'd consider it weak evidence of Spartans running faster than 38 or 40 mph, at best. That was my point. &gt; The problem with this sprint speed though is that it's vastly inconsistent compared to everything else we've seen I don't see the issue. John's sprinting. Yes, he had Cortana's help, which more than likely increased the speed he's capable of, but he's still printing at the end of the day. Sprinting and running are two very different actions. &gt; the problem here is that Ghosts of Onyx was explicitly clear that Kelly's absolute "top speed"(Ghosts of Onyx, Chapter 19) in Mark V was 38 mph Unless it specifies sprinting, I would say it's a sustained running speed.
Halo 3 showed up in the backwards compatible line-up during the live broadcast of Microsoft's E3 Briefing. Maybe there's a Photoshopped version out there, but it did show up. [This](https://youtu.be/dZ4GpE3c97U?t=5357) is not fake.
Okay, that's a screenshot saying that it *currently* is backwards compatible, which Uny is denying. That doesn't mean it isn't going to be.
We're upset because there's all this lore and setup, and it feels like Bungie is abandoning it. In the case of the Darkness, however, they're temporarily pushing it aside, so there's at least hope of a return to whatever it is. The Exo Stranger is another story.
Not at this point, no. It's been two years. I doubt it'll ever come to Xbox One.
First time I've seen that screenshot to be honest. And OP, far as I can tell, was referring to the stuff seen at the Xbox conference.
Have you read the Grimoire? There's some really good shit in there, great setup and potential to continue the Stranger's story.
It was seen at this most recent E3. Seems a strong indicator that we could see H3 on the backwards compatibility list somewhat soon.
Probably not. If she get to the Ark, I imagine that would happen during a main series title.
What about it?
Fair enough.
That's fine. Just don't spam the whole subreddit with posts about being upset :\
Of all the things in his body to be damaged, why the tendon? What's the connection? If the tendon tore because of his running there's a direct cause &amp; effect relationship.
Because H2A was the big selling point of MCC and the game where the Chief and Arbiter met.
The 2011 "Definitive editions" set the record pretty straight without major conflicts, so I don't think overhauls are necessary. However, what exactly is wrong with the Chief going to Alpha Base in *The Flood*?
The fact that there's a season pass implies there is more than one season. I was personally a little upset at first because the campaign DLC for the SP hadn't been formally announced first, but beyond that, I expected more beyond the SP. Hell, in my experience, and more specifically in the history of Halo, season passes have never covered the full DLC package for a game.
&gt; Why not have the video included as an extra in the menu, or something like a terminal video? The original plan for the MCC was a "war chest", with each game included having it's own disc. That's likely why. &gt; it's a disservice to the Arbiter's character establishment/development How? &gt; and a little disrespectful tampering with the flow of Bungie's story. Not really. It doesn't mess with the flow at all.
I have. I prefer the way 343 does the undersuit and armor, overall (despite some truly HORRIBLE armor designs). EDIT: Why the downvotes?
:D
&gt; I mean, when people blatantly state that stuff isn't going to happen and then it happens, how can you expect that word to mean anything? I've said it before and I'll say it again: With H2A, it was just Frankie's word. The word of a man who loves word play, has a **long** history of it. With H3A, we got three 343 employees denying *plus* the head of Microsoft himself on 2 occasions. If people were disappointed and/or let down, they have no one to blame but themselves. &gt; the playerbase who was only going off of their poor communication in the past. What poor communication, exactly? 343 have always been pretty upfront and communicative, and that's only increased as time has gone on.
They came out with a Library Edition containing the 1st 12 issues, and have another one with the next 12 coming out soon. Both contain writer commentary here and there. So in those specific cases, yes, they're worth the buy. https://www.amazon.com/Halo-Library-1-Chris-Schlerf/dp/1616559071/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1498066167&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=halo+library+edition https://www.amazon.com/Halo-Library-2-Duffy-Boudreau/dp/1506702341/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1498066167&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=halo+library+edition
Halos will kill Flood-infection beings and larger Flood forms. What it won't kill are Flood spores, which lack any nervous system. Flood spores, while not as effective as infection forms, can still infect. With all other life killed, these spores slowly die off over several years (decades at least, possibly centuries) from "starvation".
This is a complicated issue. Apparently the Installation was primed to only target infected beings, or just didn't kill everything because it wasn't a completed Halo. So, a bunch of wildlife survived :\ Regardless, even if that wasn't the case, the Flood spores take a long time to "starve".
&gt; How/why are there so many different GEN2 MJOLNIR sets Two reasons come to mind: 1. There's more demand for them. 300-500 Spartans on Infinity alone, plus likely hundreds more throughout Human space. There's even hints at private organizations trying to create privatized Spartans of a sort. 2. Improved manufacturing capabilities. Mjolnir's been in production for over 30 years now, so the production techniques would become easier and cheaper over time. &gt; one of those cost as much as a ship in 2552 2531 . Minor correction.
&gt; Halo 5 sold about as much as Combat Evolve, No it didn't. Halo 5 sold 5 million copies 3 months after release. The 5 million figure that normally goes around is from VGChartz, which is wrong. VGChartz doesn't track digital sales and doesn't even track actual sales. It uses a complex algorithm to estimate sales.
Arguably, but with all the voices yelling at them, who do they listen to?
I don't remember exactly when or where, sadly.
NDAs are nothing to scoff at.
&gt; It's clear that she is manipulating her avatar to simulate emotion. Then you haven't been paying attention. There are moments throughout the Halo fiction, such as *Human Weakness*, or moments in *First Strike*, when she's effectively alone and is still "simulating emotion". She can feel emotion. And further, 343 have said that Cortana was the emotional core of Halo 4. Haruspis even cites it in his article. Cortana has the capability to feel emotion. This isn't debatable. This is fact.
It's a well written article as always, but I simply can't agree that Cortana's portrayal is ableist. Is it bad writing? Absolutely. Ableist? I remain unconvinced. To be a "bad guy", you need to have sort of mental issue. Truth was clearly insane, especially by Halo 3. In Halo 2, I'd say he was likely a big time narcissistic. And the Didact, well, his mental state is absolutely fucked. In Cortana's case, she suffered from AI dementia and it left scars that changed her, which something like that would. It would like result in some sort of change in a person's (or AI's) personality.
Genuinely curious: what do you mean by purists?
Backwards compatible 360 games work by playing on a simulated 360 run through the Xbox One. BC OGX games will likely work the same way, so they can't really add achievements.
The book isn't even out yet. Do we know that Blue Team actually visit Argent Moon? No. Even if they did, I doubt they knew much about what Argent Moon did, and that could have changed between 2553 and 2558.
&gt; Is there evidence of the Halos not being able to destroy Flood spores? Not directly, but spores don't have a nervous system. Halos can't kill them because the array works by targeting the nervous system. Mythos also says: &gt; each Halo would fire a ... burst of energy capable of killing all sentient creatures within its blast range. Though the Flood parasite might be able to survive this in its base forms...
&gt; Some people at 343 got some hatred or something towards the older halos I seriously doubt that.
No it doesn't. It's a ported version of Halo PC, which does not use hitscan. There were some minor changes to the shooting system in the PC port, but the guns are still projectile.
Well, this week was basically a teaser. A proper look at them is yet to come.
&gt; they specifically hired people who did not like the older Halo games to bring "new vision". They hired people who didn't like Halo for "reasons x, y, or z". Or, to rephrase, people who didn't like certain aspects of Halo and wanted to see changes in certain areas, which describes just about any Halo fan.
The Prophet of Regret discovered a Luminary that held the location of the Halo rings and the portal to the Ark. He didn't realize the portal's location was also Humanity's homeworld, hence his small invasion fleet in Halo 2. When he saw he was loosing, he ordered his ship to jump to Delta Halo. Details [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SU016qfsWeA)
&gt; uhh the 343 doesn't have realistic human bases for the spartans. Yes it does. The proportions looks weird because: 1. It's concept art 2. The suit is on top of the person's body, warping the proportions a bit.
I'm pretty sure that's the female model, so it's legs should be somewhat further apart. Yeah, it looks odd, but that's because they took a male model and tried to match it to female proportions. EDIT: Here's the Chief's undersuit: https://www.halopedia.org/images/d/d6/H4-MJOLNIR-Skinsuit.jpg
I'd argue that there always was a psuedo realism to Halo's aesthetic, but 343 have certainly taken that further for a hyper-real look to many things. EDIT: A word.
Can't say I disagree. From a distance it looks good, in my opinion, but the way the just float it...off putting, to say the least.
To allow the arms to move. The Bungie Chief wouldn't realistically be able to lift his arms above his shoulders.
Were G4WL games connected to their steam counterparts?
Probably a mix of of "Fuck" and "Fuckin' called it!"
&gt; Their designs were focused around fun factor over "muh realism". No shit, hence why I said "psuedo realism". Realism, in this case, being that they made stuff that looked like it could exist, looked like it could be functional. Humans, while somewhat stylized, are certainly designed to have a look that's realistic.
The more spin-offs, the better. I'd love a horror-survival, be that being a marine fighting the Flood, a civilian surviving against the Covenant, or something else. I'd love a stealth-focused game, where you perhaps play as a Spartan-III headhunting team taking out a Covenant outpost. Great opportunity for a co-op driven game. I'd love to see more of the small Spartan mobile games. Strike was definitely an improvement over Assault, and I love having the small, casual games as an option to play now &amp; then. I'd love more Halo RTS-game, perhaps one set during the Human-Forerunner war. Play as Humans, Forerunners, San'Shyuum, and, finally, Flood. GIVE US FLOOD! The more Halo spin-offs, the better I say :)
News to me. Regardless, just because it was bad before doesn't mean it automatically will be again. Even if there were issues, I'd rather have it than not have it.
&gt; They reduce Halo to simple elements which it never should Why?
Okay, but I don't see why you can't have that exist along side games like the Spartan mobile games. I've doesn't detract from the other.
I think you're misunderstanding what I'm asking for. I want the Steam, Win10, and Xbox versions to be linked just like the Win10 and Xbox versions currently are.
It depends a lot on what "written better" would entail, but probably. For me, a better written Halo 5 would include dropping the Blue Team levels (making their AWOL status an actual mystery) and making Cortana actually the Didact. Or the Warden actually the Didact.
Sadly, I've yet to open it up, lol. But perhaps I'll do a "Library Edition Highlights" soon. I'll get to reading tonight.
Damn, that's expensive! Anyway, you're basically just getting the last 12 issues with some commentary. If you got the individual issues ir the trade paperbacks, there's not a whole lot there for you. If you never got into Escalation, this is the best way to do it.
Grim Tales is canon, right?
&gt; Do they do a better job of explaining why early humans (imo a dumb idea to begin with) started attacking Forerunners because of the flood? Yes. As the Flood spread across Human occupied worlds, Humanity started taking world in Forerunner space, some of them inhabited by other beings (not Forerunners, though). When the Forerunners saw this and asked what the hell was going on, Humanity tried to explain about the Flood, but the Forerunners didn't believe them. What you see in the H4 terminals is an abridged version of events, and also a bit later on, when they started discovering the Flood on Forerunner worlds. &gt; Were the Forerunners fighting humans and flood at the same time? No, but Humanity was fighting both the Flood and the Forerunners at one point. &gt; What made the Iso Didact so special as to be picked by the Librarian to basically reincarnate into John? The IsoDidact didn't reincarnate into John. The IsoDidact was special, however, because he was basically an uncorrupted version of the Didact.
Well, when you put the helmet on, of course it's going to look weird. Plus, the undersuit is resting on top of the body, so it's going to make certain things look a little odd.
Stuff like Minor and Major is more a human term for the ranks rather than a literal translation. For example, a Major's Covenant title roughly translates to "Lesser Chosen" or "Charged with Glory". [Source.](http://imgur.com/IYihrPB)
&gt; confuse elites from different factions as being redesigns of prior versions we've seen. To be fair, that was the original intent. 343 just changed their stance when people reacted negatively.
&gt; Spartan II Class II's do not exist Is that really an unpopular opinion? I thought that was the default &gt; Nicole was retconned into the 2525 class of Spartan II's. I personally like to think she's actually a member of Alpha Company. Then her 458 number could still work.
&gt; This is confirmed, right? That Class 2 doesn't exist Basically. The only mention of a Class 2 happening comes from dubious sources like I Love Bees and DOA4 (Nicole-458).
Maybe. I remember a big reaction to X-men back in the day. Same with Iron Man years later. I can see some, even most of this having at least a basis in fact.
Second unpopular opinion: Blur's H2A Chief looks terrible.
&gt; would assume ONI/UNSC also found a way to quickly upscale them for their warships. ~~They already have.~~ EDIT: Ignore because I'm a dumbass.
And some odd lack of details. I wish they'd gone with the H3 model.
Do you even have to ask?
Woops! Sorry, my bad.
It's fairly new. Revealed in a Canon Fodder when the Ultras came to Halo: Ground Command. [Source](https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/news/log-of-war). Scroll down a bit until you see the Ultra figures.
&gt; It makes sense in the context of the Spartans being an independent branch of the military Fair enough &gt; I personally find it odd to see Spartans with their helmets off. When they're on a ship rather than on the ground, I don't find it that odd.
*The Impossible Life and Possible Death of Preston J. Cole*, hands down. My favorite story from Evolutions.
&gt; too much reliance on external lore and not enough background on the current state of the galaxy are big enough problems on their own The game doesn't rely on external lore (short of the existence of blue team). The current state of the galaxy is addressed at the start of the game.
&gt; Some of the characters had books and other media to flesh out their back stories True, but the basics of that info are all in Halo 5.
