I hate sexual mods.
Ask them why they value things.
&gt;Somebody made a natural swimming pool &gt;somebody made &gt;natural
If you're good, the game doesn't punish you, it rewards you.
What is it about kids that they just don't get humour?
That would be infinitely better.
It's a magic trick. Misdirection. The main characters aren't the main characters, and the bad guy isn't the bad guy. Here's a pretty girl to distract you while we sleight of hand your money into our pockets.
Absolutely.
When you say feminism is about equality, but you *refuse* to use the term ~~*equalist*~~ *egalitarian* you are very loudly implying that males are the problem. THERE.
Grow a fucking spine. I don't demand Nightwing be fat because I have trouble not stuffing my fat face.
It's AMAZING.
It's more like... In real life while I'm perfectly able to steal money to get what I want, I choose to take the harder route and not steal.
Wait, you guys think the US president can actually do things?
[Dude...](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/X2ckO_VCxbU/maxresdefault.jpg)
All I said was it wouldn't have hurt to have the ad's "main character" be something different for a change. Why y'all riled up?
Play Fallout 3 or New Vegas in third person with the crosshairs turned off. Seriously, go try it. The whole experience is different.
The most noticable difference between the old ones and the Bethesda/Obsidian ones, in my opinion, is that in the first games, the whole americana art deco plastic fantastic retro future 50's vibe was more of a subtle background and menu kind of thing. The setting was just... a post apocalypse wasteland desert, played straight. It was more Mad Max than anything. Bethesda took that "cold war nuclear age" aesthetic and expanded it to be the entire tone of the game.
How fucking long was the movie in development?!
You know, that *is* really good, but not even from a comedy perspective. It's a heavy episode that deals with a lot of Bart's emotions and connections to other people.
Simple fibrous tissues made of protein chains. Fascinating.
Uhh, the standards are that religious nonsense should in no way ever supercede the laws of a nation because it's literally superstitious hogwash and I feel like I'm taking crazy pills having to stand around and nod an "yes of course your beliefs are valid" to absolute nonsense like it's real.
DO NOT. DROP OUT. OF SCHOOL. YOU FUCKING *MORON*.
No, they really aren't. Religions are a form of human culture. Because culture isn't what is written, culture is what is practiced.
&gt;Alternately, you can just go straight to the root of the problem: don't let players create characters who would reasonably work at cross purposes. But then I'm punishing them for badwrongfun.
I don't judge religions period. They're just false worldviews.
Something because god is a god and the universe is just a place.
Dawkins keeps touching the poop and I *cannot fathom why*. You're a renowned biologist and author! You have money and a life! Why are you engaging with these people!?
Naw cause she's a white WOMAN.
Neato.
Oh? I'm not subbed there, sorry.
You people are all insane. Is a YouTube show guys.
Gross. How Gauche. Skulls everywhere, and no one laughs at anything.
The same thing happens with Nintendo continuities.
Can someone ELI5 why Clinton is so bad? I'm Canadian, and she seems like the lesser of two evils from up here. And also seems just... like any other democratic runner.
My point is, that it's entirely neurological, and entirely physical. It's akin to me being left handed. An error in programming, but there's nothing "wrong" with me. I'm just playing with inverted on. The problem with the "gender and sex are different, gender is mental" discourse, is that certain... less informed individuals who have a mind/body dualist outlook run with that and treat gender as if it's immaterial because that's what they think the mind is. This is where we get "two-spirit" still hanging around.
More than likely they'll instead just explain their first date.
That artwork is god awful.
So I was sitting on the toilet yesterday, and my anus opened up, as fecal matter slowly slid out of it by the process of peristalsis. Oh, I'm sorry, was that perfectly natural normal body process gross?
Adam, you spend as much time in your stuff defending your opinions as you do stating them. Stop worrying so much. Make your case and roll with it.
She's credited on the fucking poster.
Maybe before you bitch and moan about imperialism you should give back that computer.
And then she threw a chair at the drummer.
Hardly. People change, and there's nothing wrong with her appearance.
Oh. The constant Saxon/Viking invasions of Britain make much more sense now. Didn't realize they were about as close as France.
You can't mandate the behavior and beliefs of people. Only laws.
Found the grade schooler.
While I acknowledge that dress codes totally exist in the adult world and youths must be prepared for them, I also think they are stupid, so I'm kind of on their side with the dress code thing. Aside from safety equipment, nothing about one's clothes, piercings, and especily *hair colour*, affects one's ability to do their job and the public opinion of that is what needs to change methinks. It's similar to the whole breastfeeding in public thing, in my opinion.
No because sexism. Duh.
&gt;the only way for Canada to compete in manufacturing, is by reducing labour standards to match what exists in China, Mexico, etc. &gt;And saying that the workforce should move to something else is short sighted, since that something else will just get outsourced like everything else to the lowest bidder. Not only that, but global shipping is fucking *murder* to the environment.
True AI. It would mark the day our extinction began.
We will be to them as Neanderthals were to us.
Uh, yes? Is that weird? Selective pressures remove gene ~~permutations~~ variations from existence. Surviving gene ~~permutations~~ variations replicate successfully, "passing on" their success. This continues until selective pressure changes. Gene ~~permutations~~ variations are semi-randomized during meiosis/mitosis because the split and copy is never perfect. These are called mutations. Successive mutations which result in a phenotype change of the organism are adaptations. This is like, high school science.
Surely all cultures eat and have sex.
And your argument sounds like you don't care if people die because of the economic decisions of people who are entirely self interested but make decisions affecting millions. It's easy to say my right to live is by my own efforts when those efforts remove someone else's right to live. I'm not a communist, I'm a scientist. No man is an island, everything we do is connected to everyone else in some way, whether you like it or not. The choices we make should be choices that minimize the suffering of others.
By that logic we don't understand how anything works, since everything is made of subatomic particles.
This person is much smarter than me, please listen to them. I was just regurgitating remembered science class.
Or, you happen to live in a colder country with sane health care.
Or. OR. And this going out on a limb here. Get a skilled trade.
https://youtu.be/ctr9ZfeyvXg
I would &lt;insert need health care due to insane fauna joke here&gt; but we have Grizzly bears AND Polar bears. And wolves. And cougars and blackflies and horseflies and mosquitoes (malaria yo) and rattlesnakes and moose (they'll fuck your *car* up) and just the straight up lethal cold in 75% of the country 50% of the time.
Because there's no structure in your brain that causes your race to be wrong.
He looks like someone who would have made fun of me for playing video games and D&amp;D in high school.
I don't know who that is.
If you're in some sort of weird scenario where an 18 Wheeler is tailgating you and going fast enough to not be able to stop, yet there are also children running around for some reason, you swerving is just going to let the 18 Wheeler hit the child. If it can't stop it can't stop, you moving out of the way just makes this highway running child the new target.
Hey, all cultures have culture! There's one!
There's sufficient medical evidence to show that transgender people have brain structures that reflect their condition.
AKA the greatest month in sci-fi movie history.
I dunno. I try not to think about it. It's weird, because I'm terrified of death and don't believe in an afterlife, but I fucking beat the shit out of my body. I used to smoke, I eat mostly fast food and drink WAY too much sugar. For someone who doesn't want to die I'm sure running head first into it.
Even *squall* wasn't "emo", and I've written lengthy diatribes explaining exactly why.
Breaks my immersion. Get your animu out of my elder scrolls.
No! This is how they'll take over!
My cat has never run face first into a window because he was too excited to see it closed. My cat doesn't eat vomit, garbage, or his own feces. My cat plays fetch.
That movie was directed by the insane [Ralph Bakshi](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Ralph_Bakshi), director of *Cool World* and *Fritz the Cat*.
Margaret Weis created fucking *Dragonlance*.
Something something women's bodies are not property.
Does anyone else hate that smell that some hippies (the pot farmer kind) and hipsters wear? I think it's called patchouli? It *assaults* my olfactory senses, and leaves me with a headache.
Are... are you serious? You're shitting me.
Or needlepoint! Wait...
Hold up, presumably in the states where polygamy is legal it's legal in both directions, and it is simply the *religious culture* that keeps it as a harem?
&gt;And the cheetah is the fastest land animal on earth, that doesn't make it special in some philosophical sense. Sure it does. The cheetah is special in that it is faster than any other land animal.
That is the Jedi way. Do not attack and destroy, just go around.
Why the fuck...
That's fucked up.
&gt;Also, if she has children the pattern of behaviour ~~could~~ *will* continue.
[God damned Spinnakers.](http://m.imgur.com/6oFENdr)
Well for one thing it isn't a space, it's an event. For another, it's a public parade, so it isn't really safe, any more than just being in a park is.
Well, my apologies for having tact and manners.
I'm more upset that they keep making new Links right handed. FILTHY DEXTRAL SCUM.
Safety isn't about how people feel though. Something is either safe or it isn't. A paranoid person doesn't feel safe anywhere, but that doesn't mean nowhere is safe.
WHY ARE ALL THE FRUITS IN THIS PLACE THE WRONG SIZE.
People who are amazing at things don't let those things come to them. They work themselves to the bone every day finding those things, and then work themselves to the bone becoming amazing at them. He would have found something else.
Sooo... Like every other form of art.
Do you live in an 80's teen movie?
Trans titles aren't about self identification, and I keep seeing it and it's such a weak and self defeating argument. If you're going to frame it as self identification, you lose all legitimacy. There is legitimate medical evidence to prove that being transgender is a real physical thing, rooted in neurology. That is all the argument should be about. We don't refer to trans people by their correct gender identity because that's what they prefer. Nobody is required to give a shit about what people prefer in the slightest. We do it because we define who humans are by their brain, and that's what they *are*.
&gt;That's new science that not everyone is on board with yet, so why shouldn't I make that argument? If I didn't believe that gender dysphoria was caused by actual differences in individuals' neurology, I'd still respect their wishes. That's nice of you, but respecting things just because people want you to is neither required nor rational. I don't respect things that aren't real and I don't just agree to things because it's what people want. I would insist on making gay marriage legal even if there wasn't a single gay person who wanted it. Transgenderism is real, being an otherkin isn't. See how it's different? If we just went with whatever people wanted, you'd have to accept that being an otherkin, or being transracial, is just as valid. &gt;&gt;Nobody is required to give a shit about what people prefer in the slightest. &gt;What's "required" in life is a very small group of behaviors, none of which make you a decent human being. You can't complain about people not being decent human beings if that behavior is not required or natural. That's like complaining that it rains because you don't like rain. You can't just say "this is the behavior that I deem 'decent'" as if it's handed down from god and then deride people for not molding to it. What is "decent" to a Japanese person isn't the same as what is decent to the WBC.
Some tourists have no understanding of wild animals. I've seen people get out of their cars to go closer to *black bears*.
Shut up Mokuba.
If maintaining a healthy weight requires this kind negative acidic mindset I don't even want to bother.
I would like this and the game grumps comics, except the art reminds me of every fucked up creepy paranormal hentai ever.
How dull.
That seems like an insane, convoluted, and miserable way for our world to work.
They also tend to keep food for longer. It's like pickling.
I don't know who that is.
&gt;Pets get to be on permanent vacation and have their every whim and need catered to (at least the lucky ones) Not that I'm advocating poor pet care, but I find it funny that anything less than what you describe and you're accused of animal cruelty and being the worst pet owner, when in reality their life in the wild would be relative hell.
Damn. The design on your mobile site is amazing. Kudos.
Even more would be resolved if we started embracing genetically modified crop farming and ditched Organic altogether. Or stopped importing food. Or ate game. Or grew meat. There's many solutions.
That too. Less humans means less demand for goods and less obliteration of the environment.
Fan of good writing, good movies, and good comics: well, that sounds dumb, I'm out.
&gt;Because frankly, it's speciesism. So? &gt;If humans wouldn't ruin the the planet we wouldn't need to do any conservation efforts and we wouldn't feel the need to interrupt natural extinction. But because we influence habitats and directly cause extinction we are forced to become involved. What makes you think you have a right to determine which species deserve more attention than another? Because who's going to stop us? We alone create our rights.
Yes. And then the world keeps on turning. Does that make you uncomfortable?
Some clippy editing in this one.
No one ever wants to explain it with hallucinating, despite how prevalent we all know it to be.
Yeah but... results is results.
A comic book villain? No. Someone who believes ending their own life in nuclear fire sends them to heaven? Now, that's a little more believable.
The walls between us are coming down, and the SJW screeches, for they live in the shadows, and need the walls to blame for the lack of light.
Protected classes are an insane backwards idea.
This never ceases to blow my mind.
Who's acting like a dick?
I'll argue your point. I won't resort to Godwin's law, but I'll argue your point.
Yep.
Yeah but... shouldn't it be? Isn't that kind of the point? That you have immeasurable powers of flame, but... things are going to get set on fire.
This is why in PF knowledge skills were trained only.
So non sociopaths are completely irrational and have no control over their base impulses and emotions?
The whole thing basically. And the directness. If you use electricity you're harming animals. If you kill bugs you're harming animals. If you use any cosmetics or plastics or textiles you're harming animals.
Bingo.
&gt;Prosecutors who don't get convictions don't get promoted. They have an incentive to hit you with everything they have, especially when it's a hot-button topic like rape. This is a horrendously frightening aspect of both modern law enforcement and modern law that needs to be changed. The legal system should not be about arresting and conviction quotas, it should be about finding the truth behind crimes, and appropriately applying consequences.
How are you going to make gun ownership a death penalty if you need guns to... enforce the ban on guns, but....
Not their legal responsibility, no, but ethical, maybe.
Honestly, I can't tell the difference between the last three "teams". I have no idea which is which game's.
Sexuality and gender identity are innate, and shouldn't be judged. Religion and politics are a choice.
Well the legal age of consent in my country is 16, so what are you gonna do about it?
Aw that's really neat.
This is just a list of girls you want to fuck. Which is *fine!* But that doesn't mean they're gay.
I used to work at a video store and it baffled me. I'd tell a person that the movie they wanted was rented and it was like they couldn't process it. Their face just said "But... I *wanted* it..."
Why?
But what does that have to do with min-maxing?
No. I said you can't finish the story if you're dead. So there *is* a point to optimizing. What's the point of experiencing a story in which I know I'll succeed? The threat of failure creates tension. Which makes the game and story more engaging.
Who says necromancy is outlawed? Outlawed by who?
I can't wait to have kids so I can show them Machete Order Star Wars.
Yeah, because the "conservative" media is *so* unbaised and honest.
https://youtu.be/Blkx6axytKQ
Having the right to believe in whatever religion you want is where the right stops. Secular law trumps that right whenever the two collide.
Enforced by whom?
Which in our case is the Pacific Southwest.
I feel about worms, slugs, and leeches the way most redditors feel about spiders.
Innovation will never decrease. We're human beings.
Bleach.
It was like 9 degrees where I live today. I moved into a new suite.
We named our planet "The Earth".
Not me. I take pills for that.
Why would you whisper something to a corpse?
The Shadow Temple is way harder than the Water Temple.
That one's just a straight parody of trapped in the closet though.
Someone has to clean that up.
There are several women there who aren't white. I see no synthetic editors though. Shame.
Movie quality goes, in order of best to worst: 1, 4, 3, 2.
I saw him too.
No, Jolteon learns Pin Missle.
So dank.
Unless you're homosex. Then dickpics are fine.
Fuck Seinfeld is easy to write.
Can a single cell think? Can bones fly? Can a human play a concerto? Not alone.
What about it.
I mean, on the geological scale, that's super recently.
Sweet. I like freezing cold. I'll be right up.
I would pay $400 for a newer, better, Nexus 5.
Or, just a thought, *maybe he's left handed*.
I hope if they ever make new characters there are some Bishie pretty boy dudes and some grotesque bloated ladies. Just for variety, y'know?
Yes. We all know that the pinnacle of good gaming is the resomolutions. That's why Undertale is so popular.
Erectile Dysfunction.
This is correct.
Oh. Uh.... Flamethrower?
WOO!
I have causes?
If the phoenix wasn't entirely associated with the concept of fire, sure.
Sleeeeeep.
Orange tabbies are 90% male. It *could* be a female cat, but it's unlikely.
If Jorah weren't exiled, would he have a better claim to Bear Island than Lyanna?
Game of Sass?
[MR CROWLEY](https://youtu.be/oIWQEb8LFs0)
Dogs aren't capable of love either. And a housecat has much greater cognitive awareness than a lizard.
Are you posting here via some other surrogate website?
But you still *are* reddit, just the same as I am or Wil Wheaton is.
Table manners.
Tony's tech breaks the laws of physics too, so he probably doesn't want to open that whole can of worms.
Some people prefer oblivion to pain and suffering. To each their own.
I flip flop between green and red. I like the Mario &amp; Luigi games.
My gut has been hanging out lately and it makes me want to fucking *kill myself*. Not only that, if I at 270 lbs am in constant foot and back pain, how the hell do these people get out of bed?
It must be terrible to have that relative level of intelligence but have to live in creepy silence your whole life with no music.
Yeah they sing, but still.
Then the universe is exactly the same as it was before you thought that.
You think not letting people drink in public is dumb?
The whole city looks like trash, who cares.
[Tiefling tails](http://www.enworld.org/forum/attachment.php?attachmentid=62730&amp;d=1405101177) are rather thick, and they're not really prehensile. They can't really wrap around fine objects or fit into small spaces. They're kind of reptilian. I'd say no to using it for anything other than a weak slap or knocking something over.
That's me! Black white black white B A A A.
I mean... how long can you do let's plays until it's just a job. Day in day out.
That's because those are the only games he's good at.
He's fucking RIGHT HANDED AGAIN FUCK.
"Because - Oh hey neat you speak English. Weird. Uh, anyway, because any species that evolves a massive reproductive drive thrives. You should know this."
Hey seeya.
I have this game on the virtual console, but I can't wrap my head around it. I feel like I'm doing it wrong.
There's no Stats under stats.
Arin seems to have a lot of "Falling outs".
Victim? He threatened those employees with a knife.
[That's another one.](https://youtu.be/4KoKWf6pLs8)
I think dogs should be able to vote!
So... fifty more years.
I mean... he looks pretty young there. They might not have been born yet. It's also possible that Kya and Bumi just *felt* like Aang favored Tenzin because there was so much pressure and importance put on Tenzin being an Airbender. I felt like it was implied that it was a bit of both. Maybe Aang did focus a little too much on Tenzin, only because he was the last hope for Airbender culture. But maybe Kya and Bumi were overly focused on that because they were kids.
Naw, he's a computer scientist. Built a couple of androids.
Who, according to Matt and Trey, actually work *with* the programs they have to censor.
Well... yeah. It's the gif he hands her in this gif.
You could just engrave "Time" on all of them.
Point is, it shouldn't matter if it's all men, or even all women. If 100% female cabinet members get the job done better, then that's the best choice. And vice versa.
Kids like this are the reason 4chan invented gore threads.
Bojack is a show designed to be binge watched.
I always thought cheesecloth was made of cheese.
Exactly.
Because it's nice sometimes to feel that someone is attracted to you purely physically instead of having to put up with your body because they're emotionally attached to you.
Your wife's never heard of Archer?
Those exact same people?
You don't think that sounds super spoiled and entitled?
What does it mean when I'm not seeing any of these signs... and that makes me disappointed?
No I like it... Mirrored symmetry can be nice.
&gt;not doing mise en place. I'm so bad for this.
I had that same CD case.
Shitty fast food makes a shitload of money.
Technically we're still a Commonwealth country, so we're kind of whatever the UK is.
I like playing healer.
Also just... y'know, all of abrahamic religion.
Yup.
ITT: Nobody knows what the fuck determines what the UK, Great Britain, or the British Isles are.
Yes it is. Or else anyone who wasn't the correct one wouldn't be living a productive fulfilling life.
Okay, how do you know yours is the correct faith? And not, say, animism? With so many conflicting faiths, it's impossible for them to all be the correct one, and yet... the believers lives go on, relatively unfettered.
What was it before? Cooperative play?
They're also called females. Since one can presume most people aren't into bestiality, we don't have to clarify that they're human.
&gt; Her dad used to pay all her bills without telling her. A parent's job is to prepare their children for the world, not the other way 'round.
It's basic ecology. We can pretend to be above it all we want, but it's just numbers.
No it doesn't.
Clint actually really wants to run a superhero game. I found Travis' game a little too "muh novel".
We have a beer called Log Driver at work. I sing this ALL the time.
I think it's more implying she's breaking the laws of the universe. "Young lady in this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics!"
Ooh, ouch.
Isn't this from the pilot? It's the only episode I've seen, and I remember this.
That's not a schtick, that's just good GMing.
I don't really want computers telling me what to do all day.
No.
Literally copy pasted.
Sigh. The only thing to take away from this is that it doesn't matter what race someone is when they're torturing someone. All this is going to do is make racists feel justified.
My grandma was only racist against germans.
No, be mad at those people who tortured someone.
Why?
Right side needs to get their shit together.
I really really dislike the term "*assigned* male/female at birth". It makes it sound like it's some malicious torture perpetrated by doctors the world over.
You can't fight language, baybeee.
"Kiddies" is probably one of the creepiest words there is.
Why can't the bones of an et'Ada be bones? Why can't they be bones because they're left behind? How do *you* know how much dragon bones are supposed to weigh?
That's what I always thought.
I don't... know...
OH SHIT.
Well I thought that was obvious. All those "wards" he has living with him?
The US. It's embarrassing how much of our identity is tied up in how "not America" we are.
Yes, I'll be 34. So?
You're just paying to eat gold. I have gold at home I can eat.
Oh goodness, no. That'd be too hard on my knees. I can't stay up that late, either. I get cranky.
How *dare* you.
Well that, and 30 year olds should know enough to not hang around partying with 19-23 year olds at clubs. It's weird.
If anything, they make us lazier.
I realize that, however, it seems like in this case the intelligence is working for Israel, *against* the US.
More than that, cause Star Wars was a long, long time ago...
What if the other guy doesn't vote that.
&gt;"Why is it kinda... green?" &gt;"Because it's *legendary*." &gt;So... is Broly is a shiny? I mean, essentially... yeah. He's a super rare form of Saiyan where he's so powerful he's naturally a Super Saiyan.
When did Trump admit to assaulting women?
SHUT UP I'M TALKING.
I've been banned from /r/socialism AND /r/latestagecapitalism!
I read it in old 60's cartoon JJ voice.
So why do the people who do those things need so much money?
I fail to see how a change in economy makes us all farmers. Is that the only job you can do that doesn't require you to make crazy profit?
Fix your buckles.
What, why?
Did you punch him in the fucking teeth? Cause that's what I would have done.
KATON
Maybe that's the battle you should be fighting?
No?
Society.
Alternatively: What if other people need to skin kittens or rape a bunch to be happy?
&gt;leads to a fat and lonely life Then it isn't doing what makes you happy.
It's probably *wayyyyy* out there.
&gt;totalitarian government has suppressed certain rights, but that doesn't mean those rights don't exist. Sure it does. That's exactly what it means.
I disagree.
&gt; (which shouldn't be true if we're going by popular opinion). Why are we doing *that*? That seems foolish. It's popular opinion that angels are real.
Why have a definition for objectivity that's impossible?
We need another world war...
But why not? Why does bad quality in production not make an objective qualifier for it being a bad movie? Who *cares* who likes the movie?
Do you think that [Jonathan7's Party Clothes Mod](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/392/?) is conflicting with any of the Kotor 1 Build mods?
No! A glass of water is not a painting!
&gt;What is 4chan gonna do when Trump shits down their site? Masturbate, probably.
Hmm. I've been having some conflicts with some Jedi Robe skin mods and the .uti files. I've picked out, I believe, the files that are conflicting, but I've done a full uninstall and file delete and I'm going to do a fresh install following your load order. If I post an Imgur link to my load order, would you be able to help me with where some of the extra ones I'm using should go? I'll try to be as detailed as possible. [Imgur link to my Mod List.](http://imgur.com/a/ZVvuz) [Comprehensive Kotor Bugfix.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/75/?) Unsure if this conflicts with your listed bugfix and is redundant. [Romancing of Bastila.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/299/?) Combines Some Bastila romance bugfixes with the Helena texture fix and the Bastila on Korriban fix. [Malak's Unique Apprentices.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/58/?) What it says on the tin. [Improved Female Jedi Robes](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/666/?). A Robe model/texture edit for the female Jedi robes. This might be the one that's conflicting, I'm not sure. [Skills Rebalancing Mod.](http://deadlystream.com/forum/files/file/303-kotor-skills-rebalancing-mod/) Includes the Droid Feat Gain fix. [Lightsaber Choices.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/561/?) Lets you choose your saber style when you construct your first lightsaber. [Sandpeople Disguise Drop Fix.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/51/?) Fixes the drops from the sandpeople to match the XBox version so you don't need to murder them to get disguises. [Vanilla Masks Overhaul.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1080/?) Model/Texture change for Masks. Seems to work well. [Juhani Romance Fix.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/73/?) Lets you kiss the cat lady. [Darth Malak Lord of the Sith.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/773/?) A nice Malak reskin. [Party Clothing.](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/392/?) Adds Kotor 2 style unique clothes. This is the one that gets overwritten by the Female Jedi Robes mod if you don't delete the item files from it first. [Ultimate Sound Mod](http://deadlystream.com/forum/files/file/685-ultimate-sound-mod/) Looks like HD Sound files. Haven't tried this one yet.
You shouldn't have to have more than one console to play games with your roommate. Fuck modern gaming.
They should axe him to stop cutting them down.
Shit man, quick reply. Thanks for the help. &gt;Comprehensive Kotor Bugfix I'll just ditch it then. I'm not too worried about bugs in KotOR, they've never really ruined my experience before (They're features!). &gt;Romancing of Bastila I'm not... *super* worried about the deviation. I like that it bundles the Helena fix in. The only big difference is Bastila on Korriban and the Romance fix, which is available seperately. I might just use that one instead, because I don't care about Bastila on Korriban. It makes sense in plot to have her stay on the ship. &gt;Improved Female Jedi Robes Yeah. I think I isolated the unique items, I *believe* they're the .utc and .uti files? As it stands, I like the skins from this one for immersion purposes but I don't want the unique items (they're a little too... good), so if I can't make it compatible by ripping out the item files I'll just drop it and look for another robe texture mod. [I also have this inside the XX Jedi Robes Folder](http://www.nexusmods.com/kotor/mods/1011/?). Both include a patch for compatibility with the Korriban Student robes mod. It looks like this one might be less intrusive. We'll see. &gt;Sandpeople Disguise Drop Fix Good to know. I'll drop it. &gt;Party Clothing Yeah. It sucks because I *like* this one (I like Carth's vanilla Jacket and Missions shorts mod, lol). I had a save file where it was clear that the Jedi Robes mod had overwritten her default clothes with the custom robes, because she came with those instead of her clothes texture (sorry I wish I had screenshots). I did some tinkering around, deleted the custom items, then dropped the player clothes files into the Override folder again. I found that it didn't change anything in my current save file, so I used SuperSkipTaris to jump to Dantooine to check Bastila's equipment out. This time she HAD her default skin, but I got too lazy to finish the jedi trials to see if she and Juhani's "Clothes" items were the custom ones, so here's hoping it works out this time. &gt;Ultimate Sound Mod Good to know as well. Dropped.
Fair enough.
Are you sure?
I love Stamper.
So spouses have implied consent?
But it was said that only yes means yes. It was all bolded and everything.
Aww...
Don't sleep with this prostitute. Go back to your friend's place and play xbox.
&gt;See, that didn't become true until Peter rejected it. It did nothing bad at first, except take his body out for a stroll while he slept sometimes so it could fight crime for him and get some extra adrenaline. You don't think... completely usurping bodily autonomy is a bad thing? It's symbiotic because it totally *does* provide huge benefits for the host. A parasite is generally 100%... parasitic.
Oh christ. The symbiotes were written poorly enough before.
Probably for the best.
No, I know about UA, but over *100 classes/subclasses* now? I didn't notice that much stuff...
I feel like Warlocks... shouldn't be Charisma casters. For one, they're treading on the Bard/Sorcerer territory, and second it doesn't... really fit their in universe theme. Also look how many Charisma casters are in that category up there. Can't use Wisdom, that's the realm Divine magic. INT is pretty squarely reserved for Wizards. I honestly think... Constitution should be their casting stat. I know it's a physical and not mental stat but really... that makes sense for a Warlock. They're letting some powerful non divine entity pump them full of magic power (willingly or otherwise), in exchange for their soul or some favor or something, usually to be determined later. I guess Charisma could represent their constant battle of force of self against whatever is giving them their power, but CON could also represent their body's ability to resist this foreign intruder. Damn, this makes me think of a new Patron. The Virus.
Hard drive loss, if anything.
So... he should feel differently?
The eagles didn't want to.
You're literally ignoring the data to preserve your narrative.
Oh TERFs. Quit being silly billies.
&gt;exclusively talks about gender/sex issues. &gt;Feminism without intersectionality is white supremacy! Wait what
Naw but patriarchy.
*Relatively* meaningless.
It's okay. Im not trying to attack you, I'm just trying to explain myself. &gt;Wait..dating isn't the same as being in a relationship ? God am I out of the loop there :x I thought that was a synonym, that's how I was using it. I really don't get it haha. No, not at all. People in a relationship are cooperative partners. They may live together or share money, they may not. In most societies, they're generally monogamous. They've made the conscious decision to be with each other, as a couple and a team, to the exclusion of anyone else. Again, ideally. People who are dating, I always thought, see each other from time to time to go have dates together, but otherwise aren't tied to each other beyond just evenings out and/or sex. They're very unlikely to live together (unless they somehow started that way). Depending on the level of comfort of each partner or the length of dating, they may be sexually exclusive or they may not. It's best to set boundaries and expectations clearly if you don't want to get hurt. &gt;I figured it would be hard to find things in common with people you didn't already know/have a social connection with. How come? How else are you supposed to meet people? You go to a bar, or a hobby shop, or a karate class, or a rose cultivating group or whatever. And then you talk to strangers until they're not strangers. &gt;And it seems a liiittle too likely whoever you end up dating could be a complete nutter politically, that sounds like a turn off to me :X. I mean... in that case you stop dating them. Same as any other thing you'd be massively incompatible about. &gt;Isn't that befriending them though? Depends on what you're looking for. &gt;Like, you don't look for people specifically to date them, wouldn't you befriend them before you think about that? Sure you do, why not? How... else are you supposed to meet partners? &gt;&gt; Their body, their wit, their charm? That they're a snappy dresser? Their dancing skills? Their love of paintball? The fact that they know all 151 gen 1 Pokemon from memory? That they have good taste in beer? I dunno? Lots of reasons. &gt;I was asking how you would be attracted enough to someone you don't know to date them. If you know all that stuff about someone already you must know them, I mean if you don't date friends how do you choose who to date? All of the reasons I just listed. I don't have to be friends with someone to find out all of those things, I can learn all that in an hour by just talking to the person. But sometimes it's just because they're physically attractive. Or super charming. &gt;Sorry, I've only ever been in relationships with people I was friends with before, and when we weren't friends for long that went super badly. That's fine, to each their own. I've only ever been in relationships with people who weren't friends initially. My current girlfriend was the younger sister of someone from my gaming group who invited her to game with us. She asked me to a movie after a couple sessions, and we went on a few dates and it seemed to work for us so here we are, four years into it.
&gt;Shyriiwook* &gt;In KotOR, we learn a Twi'lek named Mission could speak it, though it hurt her throat. Wait, when did that happen? Have I been skipping dialogue too much? Oh man... it would have been hilarious to hear Cat Taber roar and howl trying to speak wookie noises.
Because c'mon man. He's awful.
I weep for the youth of today.
No, not really. Dr. Venture isn't nearly as dumb as we're led to believe. He has at least a collegiate level understanding of physics, chemistry, and robotics. He's definitely smarter than Brock or his kids, for example. If he'd been raised in another environment, his potential may have been unlimited. But as it stands, he's too messed up and has too many issues related *to* the super science world to ever be able to put the effort in required to master it. Most of his failure comes from the fact that he'd rather pop some valium and have a cocktail than invent rocket shoes. I sympathize with Rusty over his envy of JJ, sometimes. JJ pops out of the clone twin womb, fully adult. Sure, he succeeds because he puts the effort in to being like his father, but he didn't have to live through *being raised by* Jonah. He just gets to reap the benefits of his legacy. Rusty had to do it the hard way, and when JJ shows up all golden boy, the spitting image of his father, and starts up that Venture-love-and-success-without-anyone-seeing-the-horrible-things-you've-done cult of personality again, it makes perfect sense for Rusty to have a chip on his shoulder about it. *Especially* when JJ is just naturally better at the super science that Rusty has always been mocked for failing at/not participating in. To his credit, Rusty is 10 times the father his father ever was, even if it comes out weirdly sometimes. He's just, unfortunately, also not half the super scientist he was.
You can never have too many snipers.
Is it not very? I'd bet it's not very.
SHOT WIDE.
Seems pretty sound to me.
No it isn't. If the father was granted full custody, the mother would be the one having to pay child support.
Because the people arguing against it aren't saying "women shouldn't have bodily autonomy!". They're saying they think abortion is murder and therefore should be illegal.
Is it not? Pro-life people believe abortion is murder.
My belief is that "I should be able to do whatever I want" is how a child thinks.
But that's what a risk is. Nobody "agrees" to be run over. With sex comes kids. Just as, with crossing the street, you acknowledge there's a chance you'll get hit by a car.
Well that's the debate, isn't it. One could argue that it isn't a violation of bodily autonomy to refuse to allow you to kill something YOU put there. It's not like the patriarchy went around cramming embryos into women in the middle of the night, and now they're forcing them to be kept.
Whether or not they caused the process, and which direction the active choice goes.
Aww man. That was a good pun.
Yes but we don't kill people to do it.
OP's girlfriend?
But they're more cunning.
&gt;I don't think you need to limit it to only the domains that get potent spellcasting. You could just give potent spellcasting independent of which one the domain gets. It makes sense for a tempest wizard to get potent spellcasting even thought the tempest cleric doesn't since one is a pure caster while the other is a gish of sorts. Maybe, but ultimately the point is that it doesn't make sense for there to be a *tempest theurgist*. Limiting the domains was half about potent spellcasting, and half about keeping to the theme. That the domains lined up with the feature like that was just a nice coincidence I built on. &gt;I am also not a fan of the potent spellcasting using wis. It just seems very clunky and needlessly complicated and since it only takes effect at such a high level it means you have to invest into wisdom from a low level to get any real benefit, but only benefit at a high level. You don't have to invest in Wisdom, you just get a benefit from any wisdom you DO have when you reach that level. Remember, you're *already* a Wizard. Any bonuses you get via subclasses are just gravy. However, it wouldn't be gamebreaking to make this INT dependent. &gt;You could tie it to the channel divinity. Maybe make it wis times per long rest instead of one per short rest. And at higher levels it could become wis+x or wis*2. That's not a terrible idea. &gt;You could also tie it into the amount of spells they can prepare. In older editions (and pathfinder) the theurge had the big benefit of lot and lots of prepared spells. You could recreate this by letting the theurge prepare lvl+int+wis amount of spells each day, compared to the normal lvl+int. If you wanted to go even further with this you could also split the prepared spells. So a theurge can prepare lvl/2+int wizard spells and lvl/2+wis cleric spells each day. Emulating older editions is kind of the opposite of what we wanna do with 5E. I don't think we need to start adding in more math for no reason. This wizard isn't hurting for spells. &gt;I also think it might be worth considering to give the potent spellcasting at 10th level and the 6th level domain ability at 14th level since for a wizard the 10th level ability is usually more of a nice bonus, while the 14th level ability is some powerful ability. I was only trying to keep with the scaling of the vanilla subclass. I like the idea of the Channel Divinity being based on WIS.
Possibly. I was hesitant to just make up a new ability whole cloth, though I could look more at the other arcane school 14th level abilities. As I've said before, I don't mind wizard features being on the weak side, because you're already a Wizard. Better to err on the side of caution, and in the Theurgist's case, they're already getting a bit more front loaded features with Divine Savant *and* Channel Arcana than other schools get. We could keep the Potent Spellcasting, AND add two 3rd level cleric spells. OR, keep the potent spellcasting, and give the wizard the ability to have the domain spells they've chosen to transcribe always prepared and not count against the amount of spells a wizard can prepare, like a cleric. At 14th level they've recited these prayers so often that they're as much committed to memory as their cantrips are.
It'll be really weird when Gorbachev has to tell the US president to tear down that wall.
I mean... I'm kind of of the mind that school is for teaching academics.
I too, like the faceless rear profile of a random female hu-mon.
Well that's... I mean that's... *he* might be...
I mean... I'm not the one who brought it up out of nowhere. &gt;okay, but /u/CA3080 didn't say anything about taako's queerness making him an interesting character-- they agreed that he's well-developed, and additionally mentioned that it's nice to have a well-developed gay character. &gt;I also didn't say that his sexuality makes him a better or more interesting character, I said that one can mention that he's a well-developed and well-played character and it should be acceptable to incidentally mention that it's nice to have well-rounded queer characters in media. Sure. But it means about the same as mentioning how nice it is to have a left handed character. &gt;and of course "it shouldn't" but it's not a perfect world and it DOES, which is why "colorblindness" is some bunk nonsense. I don't understand why you're going so balls hard defending this stance. Be the change you wish to see in the world. Mum and gran raised me to care about what people do, not what they are.
I mean... sure? Like it's totally wrong to *restrict* characters from being gay. But otherwise why does it matter?
Do they? I thought they liked to see interesting characters. I'm not a woman, but a character doesn't need to be a man for me to find them interesting. Or, alternatively, I can find Taako to be the most interesting main character in the show despite being straight myself.
Of course you can. To both. And no, I'm not really hurting... but so what? I'm also left handed, with blue eyes. Not a whole lot of representation there.
I wish my country had a 'STRAYA or a 'MURCA.
Good.
&gt;So I guess why I think it's important is, I think it's important that we treat LGBT people in media like we should be treating them in the real world- first and foremost as equals, but also as people with unique identities and cultures that are different from our own. And I think it's important that we treat LGBT people in media like we should be treating them in the real world. Like individuals, judged on their actions, deeds, and character, instead of who their animal brain gives them an instinct to rub their genitals on, and whose culture *shouldn't* be different from "our own". To that note: Every single character in all of fiction from now going forward could be LGBT and that would be fine for me as well. I seriously don't think it matters.
That's because over two billion of the world's people live in India and China.
Ever said anything along the lines of "I'm gonna fucking *kill* that guy".
Was that... me?
&gt; I'm curious, do you believe that no woman in American (recently) has ever been denied a promotion (for example) because she was a woman? What does that have to do with having equal rights?
Yeah. First thought was "This is fine".
Listen, I love my GF, but that doesn't mean I want to spend every god damned waking moment with her. I'd go insane. These guys were work colleagues. They got along just fine, but really didn't share much outside of work. You know, like *everyone with most of their co-workers*.
&gt;You are conflating 2 things: &gt;1. The persecution of LGBT people, historically and in the present, is dumb 2. LGBT people have responded to this historical pressure by forming cultures &amp; identities which are, in part, designed to protect themselves. I'm not conflating either of those things. I acknowledge both of them. &gt;You are arguing that because 1 shouldn't logically happen, 2 has no reason to happen. No, I'm arguing that those cultures aren't what makes an interesting fictional character. &gt;&gt; I sympathize, but you should find better ways to achieve a sense of self than popular media &gt;Congrats on building a walled fortress of logic in your mind, but try to empathise with people who didn't. I do. Which is why I gave that advice. &gt;The world is a more interesting place for having different kinds of people who think differently in it. I suppose. It's certainly advantageous to have multiple viewpoints on problems. Don't know if it makes it more interesting. From my point of view, this is how this thread's conversation has played out: "Justin lies about being not into the game, because Taako is great, and played optimally" "Yeah, it's great to have a gay character." "I don't think Taako's sexuality has anything to do with it." "Well we think it does." "Okay. I don't think so, and I think it's kind of diminishing to reduce the character to that, since it's not really a relevant factor." "Well it is relevant and it does matter." "Okay well I still disagree, but now I'm getting kind of fighty and defensive cause I'm so tired of having to argue this all the time." "You're a straight white male, you can't comprehend things. Also you've derailed this thread you made." "Kay, now I'm *super* defensive and fighty, cause that kind of arguing makes my eyeballs itch." "You're a dick." ["..."](http://m.imgur.com/pduxco5)
It was a joke.
You've created a shonen protagonist.
Who's being maimed and killed? And if they like it, who cares? Like Pokemon battle in the wild because if they don't they'll explode.
&gt;If you were going out of your way to argue with those people then I might believe you were being sincere. Oh believe me I *do*. Those people are fucking imbeciles.
Woof, six players. My condolences.
The cost of living doesn't go up for you though. You (the royal you) are already living far and away beyond the basic cost of living. By choice.
Isn't that what most of them said they wanted though? The world to burn to the ground?
&gt; Why would I assume all of the risk involved with owning a business to not have the reward of a better income? To have a job and eat and have somewhere to live.
You've never actually been bitten by a cat. If you were, you'd know it.
It's more likely that the four of them have discussed beforehand the general direction the story is going.
I found their point at the end of that episode weird though. "It doesn't matter if it's fake or not, the church makes us good people now". Just seems very unlike them.
&gt; We believe in the superiority of the white race and that all others must either be expelled, enslaved, or exterminated. &gt; -Fascists &gt; We need to stop fascism, **at any costs.** (Emphasis mine) &gt; -The Left &gt; I can't tell who's worse! &gt; -You You say that like it's patently silly. When one faction descends into the muck to fight the other it starts to be hard to tell who is who beneath all the mud. And when both sides start using violence as a means to their end, then *what IS the difference?*
&gt; We tried that in the 30's and 40's. I don't see why we should have to try, again, to convince people who want to denigrate, abuse, murder, or genocide non-whites that they shouldn't do those things. We tried that before, and millions of people died. You have to do it like, every century man. This isn't a one time battle. Tyrants rise and fall throughout human history, and will continue to do so.
Hopefully my government doesn't go that crazy, but we seem to be doing fine right now. Well... except for the whole shooting thing.
&gt;Her skin tone doesn't affect her race Uhhhh.
&gt; I don't want violence either, fascists do. They want violence in the extreme against anything and everything that stands in their way, or, anything that can be construed as standing in their way, and if/when violence becomes necessary to protect people from that, so be it. You don't seen how this is literally their argument from the mirrored perspective?
I'm not talking about rolling over. I'm talking about being an adamantine wall, instead of an adamantine blade.
SOMETIMES IT'S WHO.
&gt;Last week an anti-Trump extremist punched a Nazi in the face. &gt;Also last week, a pro-Trump extremist killed 5 innocent people in a mosque. And he has been apprehended, is going to face the full force of our legal system, as he should. If someone shot and killed Bissonnette on the way to court, I would still absolutely say that was wrong.
That's exactly the kind of hyperbole I'm talking about.
But... Canada is already the 51st state...
JRPG is still pretty reliable.
That fucking filename.
You sound like a miserable misanthrope. And that's coming from another nihilist.
You know there's someone out there who needs this.
"People not bending over backwards for you? Just claim that what you're demanding is the "most basic level" of whatever the fuck you want."
He likes going *Whole Hog*.
PJ Ashna would sing it.
Why do people hate the truth.
&gt;Not Canadian but Steve smith, correct? Man, double points.
But you said lack of diversity was what was extremely bad. It sounds like you're saying that being all white is what's extremely bad.
Moe is just... the wrongest way to draw Lairon.
It's all part of the plan.
Wouldn't all that bacon quickly go rancid?
I feel like we wouldn't be so materialistic if the value of things wasn't based directly on hours of our life we've given up.
If you vaguely claim that people are dying somehow, it makes your opponent look like a monster for taking a stance against you. It's basically a re-framed "think of the children".
.... Yes, but not anything related to that. I watched the two Jordan Peterson interviews. Which are the only two I've ever seen.
&gt;All works are inextricably connected to the cultures they're made in, and even after, are filtered by the perceptions of the people that consume them. So? &gt;On the flip side, if the Adventure Zone, produced on earth, featured a character named Jose that was explicitly a racist caricature, no degree of 'we didn't mean it' would make a difference. That caricature and its stereotypes are part of our collective cultural knowledge. What does that have to do with anything? &gt;Also, on a practical level, no single work can exercise perfect representation. Again, so? &gt;If people of color were properly represented in media as a whole, people would not be nearly as upset about the ethnicities of the Adventure Zone characters. So all works made in the US have to be comprised of 13.2% black characters?
Aww, but I like those noises. That's humanity right there. The absence of those noises means I'm alone in the woods with the wolves.
It's that way across Canada. You pay first, then pump.
Naw dude. People are just lazy. Spouses just expect their spouse to be able to use their card no problem.
Shattered? Hardly. It's not as if we suddenly found out the precursor to homo sapiens was an amphibian. Adjusted, at most. Updated, more accurately.
She doesn't seem to be enjoying it very much.
No, I read it. I don't just dismiss information for no reason.
Yeah, I don't ascribe to that kind of morality. That's kind of fucked.
That's so hackneyed. It's so *clearly* Rhodes they're describing. They just realized they fucked up.
This is really tone deaf.
No, it kind of is. A man at the age of 88 died. A real person. This isn't a comic book tragedy, or even a real life tragedy. This is a very real, natural process that should be acknowledged with respect and not turned into a stupid cartoon thing.
That's weird, do snakes usually even care?
No I know they're not just mindless. There's a few snake species that aren't maternal though, aren't there?
It's not a binding contract.
I've had tons of women tell me to smile.
Yeah but they're physically... literally soft. As in, the opposite of hard, like a rock for instance.
It's also insane fucking. Mostly.
Now *there* is an interesting point.
I want BLM the *fuck* out of my country.
[But men are bad. But gays are good. But some gays are men. So they can't be good because men are bad. But then gays are bad, and gays can't be bad. But if gay men are good then men....good and men can't be... good... gays... Yankees... Clouds...](https://youtu.be/7ZcKShvm1RU?t=32)
I mean, a lot of people DO care. We shouldn't forget that.
Hey look, a wild racist!
Says the average redditor.
Y'know, back in 2013 I cynically joked that Bethesda had "sold out" and we'd see a Skyrim II before we'd see another ESVI. I guess I wasn't cynical enough.
Too expensive for what it provides, compared to the literal sum of human knowledge and experience that is the internet.
They don't have to reduce costs there.
What's wrong with Lindsay Lohan?
More interestingly, Shaggy doesn't eat any meat during the movie, out of respect for Casey Kasem.
Did they? The meme of Velma being secret hot wasn't really a thing until Can't Hardly Wait. She was pretty legit frumpy for most of the series' history.
I dunno man, you can't replace Casey Kasem.
What if the movie Primer was sent from the future with the intention that enough people watch it and pick up on it's themes. What if it's a *Primer* for time travel?
Maybe he's disappointed because you talk about sex like a child.
Uhh, okay. What vehicles have been abandoned due to modern technology. Bicycles? Horses? Carriages? Unicycles? Also, I would ride a motorcycle just to spite people like you, who think they can decide what's best for everyone. I'd smoke while I did it, too, just to be extra cool.
Hey, we have the same system here in BC, Canada.
You've got the kind of feelin' that I get from *Harrison Ford*.
That thing they all do with their top two tentacles is weird, right?
You are a fascist.
You are destroying your skin cells on a genetic level.
&gt;&gt; Ok but this is just the way it goes &gt; &gt;No, it's not. The shift toward automation is unprecedented in the history of labor. The consequences of such a shift will be devastating unless we work fast to find a solution. We irradiate our own planet, a population crash isn't even going to faze us. It'll be devastating, because it always is.
So, as always with every aphorism "sometimes yes, sometimes no, do both ways in moderation."
Life feels like this currently with my girlfriend. It's probably not as bad as it feels but it *feels* like I'm her maid/chauffeur.
As a Canadian this concept offends me. Have some class, my countrymen.
I keep trying to read what they're saying.
How are people supposed to produce in a world where all production is automated.
Why would you assume they wouldn't?
Why would you assume that.
Then you've essentially just experienced speciation.
I weep for the poor multi-millionaires. Hated on reddit. tsk. A tragedy.
&gt;We would live in a really shitty world if the only possible outcome of the masses no longer having to work is extinction. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzYGWF6qrts
I have sympathy. I don't want them to die or get sick. But those few zeros make most other problems a lot easier to deal with.
You could say the same thing about "nazis".
Sorry that I don't like that being Canadian should be synonymous with being a beer swilling hockey hooligan Timmy's guzzling yokel? I guess? Guess I shoulda gone fer more rips as a lad eh? Might'a got that there brain damage made me not care so bad, eh?
Jesus, that's 21 degrees. If it were minimum that hot all year I'd kill myself.
This is why I'm not good at things. Because I'm afraid to be bad at them.
Disgusting. We can't let this trend of dead people being in movies forever happen.
"Because I like to masturbate to pictures of naked women. And?"
http://dresdencodak.com/images/costume/drstrange
Okay, so what exactly does gender *mean* if it isn't based on your deliberate presentation, demeanor, appearance, or sex.
Shit.
The show [died a long time ago.](https://deadhomersociety.com/zombiesimpsons/zs1/)
No?
The point... of Clark Kent? He *is* Clark Kent. Raised by the Kents, in Kansas. He's a reporter because he always wanted to be a reporter.
If anyone has hearing damage it's [Junkrat.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tqboIzhPOg)
Yeah, when she said she was Diamond I was like *"holy shit"*.
Yes.
&gt; You do realize that there is a spectrum between pass and fail. Which, in D&amp;D, the dice have no bearing on. They decide pass or fail.
Stupid.
But if it's impossible, no amount of favorable conditions are going to help, so why roll? You cannot jump to the moon. "Okay, I still try". "You jump as best you can but... man, that gravity. Moving on."
Magna pinna... Big... ears?
So don't do that then.
I thought that was the point.
-Obsidian game.
[Oh no...](http://memes.ucoz.com/_nw/10/71782030.jpg)
Jesus man, 10c is room temp. Any higher than that and I start getting swamp ass and sweating.
I feel like just saying "oh but AC" is missing the point. Just cranking up the AC eternally is not only adding to the warming problem, it's also like that Futurama bit where they just keep getting bigger and bigger ice cubes to drop in the ocean. A city that requires AC to exist is not engineered to exist naturally where it is. It's brute force existence.
That's the worst reason to drink.
I just took it because my Sorcerer is an unabashed unapologetic intentional Sasuke rip off (I only noticed just after character creation, so I leaned into it), and it's basically Mangekyou Sharingan. Also I still can't wrap my head around why Minor Illusion is as good as people say it is. I even listened to treantmonk's spiel on it on the Orc Labs podcast. I thought I had it, but when it came game time I didn't see why it was so good and the other players and DM questioned it as well.
But why don't they get a save?
Wait, why not?
Wouldn't that be Roiland? Why does everyone keep saying Harmon.
Dementia?
Driving has become a requirement for society to function, so the bar to being allowed to drive must necessarily be lowered in order for the people in that society to function the way the need to. You can't just have most people not driving anymore, society would break down.
&gt; I'm a vegan because I want to live an ethical life You think not living Vegan means you live an unethical life? Wouldn't that mean the majority of all humans throughout all human history were... evil? Or unethical? That makes no sense.
People are downvoting me, but it's quite literally the worst part of town. Or maybe Milton. Yuppies and students will scoff at you for saying it, cause they consider it some weird gentrified badge of honor to live downtown. But it's not nice. I live off Wakesiah by the University, and there was a shooting last year in the driveway of the *daycare* across from the apts on Wakesiah. If you want cheap, look in Cedar, at the edge of town going south. That whole area is developing. If you want an urban walk around coffee shop situation, you won't like Nanaimo. It is a suburban city, it's very long, the transit system sucks, and Frank Ney shackled the economy to our many strip malls in the 70's.
I've had SNES emulators on my mobile phone for years.
Jesus, that's over TWICE the calories he needs for *a whole day*, and he's eating it for lunch.
Nothing in the game is unfair.
Fair use is a legal defense, *in court*. It's something that's determined by a judge. It's not a free pass. Toei is well within their rights to issue a takedown notice, and everyone here knows why, they just don't want to acknowledge it. &gt;purposes such as criticism, news reporting, teaching, and research, without the need for permission from or payment to the copyright holder. I mean DBZA is *barely* on the outskirts of that. It's clearly for profit, even if the actual videos aren't monetized. I doubt it would hold up in court. For fuck's sake, Scott has said as much.
What if they want to be hurt.
Yes, totally, I agree. &gt;because DBZA is not illegal at all. Ehhhhh
A million can buy a hell of a safehouse.
Not that the movie wasn't bad, but screaming fanboys who obsess over minutia are the worst fucking thing ever.
I'm not supposed to enjoy Canadian celebrations of fireworks.
I mean... ants nearly never benefit from any sort of consequence caused by us.
I mean that was essentially my point. Anything ants get out of us is entirely accidental.
Yeah. There's been a couple of those.
I mean yeah, a bit. It was pretty much genocide to them, by us.
&gt; That's your voice. You can't frame everything as "points of view" and "voices". You can either accept reality or ignore it, but it doesn't care.
I would hope my family would support *me* in that decision.
It's not impossible. Every action we do has ripples into the future.
Right so.... there's cities now in the places they were. What should we do?
Kinda sounds like they're saying that. That's what "Don't celebrate Canada 150 because it's been 150 years of colonialism" sounds like.
Every boss. Thousands of customers. Dozens of friends.
