How did she go from white lady to black lady? Did she go to the tanning salons every day? How did she get her hair like that? Sorry for sounding so naive but this story is so weird.
Is your Dad Kris Kristofferson?
I've been really upset about the massacre in SC this week. This photo made me cry but it gave me a little relief that the world was still good.
I made some chicken stock this week which I froze. I brought my cornish hens to be slaughtered last weekend and the guy who was doing the gutting told me that the feet were full of collagen, Glucosamine chondroiten, and protein. So with some trepidation, I googled chicken feet broth and stewed some cleaned and scraped feet for an entire day with spices and some veggies. Actually tasted real good!
The pic was as good as a hug.
Well I had some friends looking over my shoulder and saying the same thing and I had second and third thoughts about it but in the end it tasted great. It has alot of protein, condroytin for joint repair and collagen so it has some redeeming factors.
That is a great picture!
Bernie don't need no rentalcrowds.
But its so true...never ever ever ever say the n-word...never...but go ahead and say something like "well they get very emotional when stopped by police b/c its in their blood you know..to run and get emotional.." or "they can dance so much better than white people".... That's okay. I hear this veiled form of racism all the time...its the difference between the race and the rest of the world.
Wait till he debates Hillary...he'll really be in the news then.
If you ever saw the old movie "The Terminator", the robot was single minded.. He never wavered from his mission. Nobody could argue with him...he just kept hunting for his intended victim. Bernie is a little like that robot in that he is single=minded. He never wavers or asks "gotcha" questions. He stays on course and like the terminator robot, just pursues his goal. The debate moderators will have no problem with Bernie...its those other guys that need to worry.
...and mrs Botox Clinton? She looks young?
Its his message that resonates with people. Not his looks.
So then vote for that slick Ted Cruz!!! He looks like a sleazy version of Bill Murray.
She may have had a thyroid condition. One of my ancestors was photographed with big bulging eyes.. she died very young. High thyroid runs in our family.
Naw...just drop a ton of dog poop on them.
Senator from TX serves a term in Senate... Shuts down govt...goes immediatly to Iowa to begin campaigning for Prez... and Bernie is a cuck??
There is a party going on in Oregon wildlife refuge you might be interested in attending..bring your camo pajamas.
Perhaps if Black or Muslim guys were to wear plaid flannel shirts, cowboy hats and develop big guts and then and only then illegally occupy a federal building and wave guns to protest something, then maybe the federals would be nicer to them.
As a native born Vermonter I would hope that the audience would attend, politely say nothing as he spoke and gesticulated, at the end, say "aya" or "nice day for it"....get up and leave.
Where the french fries at?
Hillary is a study in how to live a life that is totally rehearsed.
Poultney....no that is Cambridge church.
He seems to be channeling Spencer Tracy.
"I pledge allegiance to the billionaire.....(I like that..shows how dumbazzed his followers are)
So just sit and say nothing....I thought it was Sanders who was supposed to be the communist.
But Donald is gay don't you know. Look at his Liberace hair.
That was 8 years ago. That was then...this is now... Americans are much wiser to the fact that the system is rigged...both Repubs and Dems agree on that.
I know... but I have lived in countries that are much more corrupt and people not so nice....believe it or not.
Not so sure.. If Bernie doesn't get the nod, so many dems that gave $$$ to Sanders will be really really lower than a snake in a ditch. I can't stand Hillary personally.
You have a point. If Hillary is the nominee, I won't pay much attention to politics anymore.
I thought she looked just like Kathy Bates in "Misery". She had the ax under her seat.
why hasnt' this stupid debate started? Why do they have the wrong time on the bottom of the screen?
They keep talking Hillary.. Its Bernie.
He makes paperwork errors ....he just admitted it. I wouldn't have him for my lawyer
Dreams come true
They???? Who are "They"?
This debate scares me.. these guys are mean. They hate people. Nikki is slimed for what she said about Trump. they accuse each other of doing something as if its illegal or against the RNC state. They call Bernie a commie.. these guys are more representative of what I heard the cold war Soviet Union was like.
Fuck you Kasich!
Cruz is just as bad...Cruz is a pompous, dishonest Arschloch..(Sorry can't spell it.)
The only thing Obama wants from you Rubio is them black pointy high heel boots you wear.
Christie just hates Obama. Everything that has happened is Obama's fault.
I want Rand too... only sane one
Nobody misses Carly.
These guys think ISIS is like communism back in the 1950's...this unseen evil among us... be scared everyone. The commies(ISIS) will get you if you don't elect me.
I'm sure he will be saying something on what Rubio said.
Well that's one very good retirement plan
...and its Reilly on the Moor...Reilly on the moor....
I thought R Maddow said it best..."your campaign lit its hair on fire".
From what I have read about Hillary and the Clintons in general, there is nothing that doesn't get by them.. They knew all about this attack on Bernie's med records. They are control freaks who need to know everything.
Saw Debbie Shultz with her girl Hillary... She ain't even near Sanders.
I thought he stood up well with Clinton glaring at him while he criticized her ties to Wall Street.
Sanders should have brought that up. Two can play at flip flops
I loved O'Malley telling the Queen she wrapped herself in 9/11 in the first debate.
....and the fact that the Big Dog has groped and felt up more women that Cosby. Thy'll bring that to the table too.
Why should she be liked?
Has any commentator, blogger, newservice or anyone for that matter stopped to imagine what a presidency under D Trump would be like? Sheer chaos would be my best answer but others more informed may have a better answer.
That leghorn must be a big girl!!
$25 !!! So much for starving artists.
I was in the barn feeding the chickens. The radio was on in the corner of the barn. as I poured the layer mash into the trough, I suddenly heard this screeching voice from that corner above the din of chickens clucking . I cringed and the bucket of mash shook in my hands and the mash fell all over the floor. Fucking Palin. ...That mash is expensive.
"I take Wall Street Money.. My husband takes Wall Street money...my daughter married a hedge fund manager, the President who I love dearly all of a sudden takes Wall Street money......." Vote FOR ME!!
Some of the imagery in Blood Meridian. It is a slow moving story but the story of the cowboys turned scalp hunters in Mexico in the 1840's is a compelling read. The Judge is just about the creepiest person in the world.
IMHO I think people are a little tired of the Clintons. Bernie although old in years seems to have fresh ideas. If he were to be president, I'm sure he would be influential in getting American income inequality fixed. I think his idea of instituting tuition free education a great idea. chine right now is changing their economic structure to innovation and less manufacturing...we should too.
They are changing their economic system by just an edict. In this country we have to have consensus... they do not. That's why the stock market has pivoted. They don't want to make our baseball caps anymore for some reason :)
She wrote the book "PR 101"
But the allegations are known by anyone who opens a news site. Why didn't she have a response if she has nothing to hide. She is running for president for gods sake...not signing books.
If I gave someone big bucks for 3 speaking engagments....I would expect something in return...anyone or any business would
I'm going to put this on my homepage.
You don't think taking $675,000 in 3 speaking engagements by Goldman Sachs was not just a little over the top? You don't think they will expect something from you? $675,000 is a hell of a lot of money to most people living in the USA. "HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!"
Why did Chuck Todd NOT as Hillary on Meet the Press this morning about reparation to descendants of slaves in America.....but yet, asked Bernie about it? Why is Hillary so eager to do hit pieces on Sanders and have Chuckie ask hard ball questions of him?
....well that too... he was born a son of a Holocaust survivor from Poland who spent time in a Kibbutz in Israel.....but he likes the Palestinians...another hit piece from Hillary.
Bring some big gulps.
But people know the Clintons by now and know they are ruthless. There isn't much love for the Clintons anymore. That went out with the 90's. And we all know what happens when you elect a Clinton....the Repubs come in next.
jeez I hope it was wood you were burning in your pile. My neighbor typically burns some questionable stuff.
Yes
Its a toss-up between chicken biryiani and paneer and creamed spinach..(I forget the actual name of it)..
Does the little guy at the bottom keep the birds away from the tomatoes?
We do have things pretty good here. Hell... I live near a Wegmans. But try seeing a doctor in a hurry...try starting a business....try going to college almost anywhere other than a community college....I know I don't have to go out a hunt squirrels in the morning to survive....but I'd like America to be better.
Possibly b/c Woodstock VT is an exclusive town owned by out-of-towners who have big wallets.
That's it!
If this woman gets the nomination, this will be the most apathetic election of all time.
She's her own worst enemy... She dodged bullets in Sarajevo airport, completely over engineered and micro managed the first health care effort during the Clinton admin, had a terrible campaign in 2008 that was badly managed....yes... bring her on...
Might as well be Bernie... they ain't gonna vote for her either.
Ms Clinton's heading to Wall Street strongholds to fundraise isn't embarrassing I guess.
Teddy Roosevelt did it in the early part of the last century.. So you are saying that its too unrealistic for it to happen again. In the face of everything right now...I think Sanders has some cred b/c he says its up to US to break up the big banks. Its part of his revolution theme.
Its not a personal attack. He is trying to point out that she takes money from billionaires and is beholden to them...while he is beholden to nobody. Big difference...he's trying to point it out..
Hillary going to both Philly and Wall Street investment palaces to raise money by $1000 a plate dinner is not pandering? Funny... I think that's what the dictionary calls pandering.
Ahhhhh.. Trumpie is raising money thru "Wounded Warrier" org....they are being investigated for using funds for parties at very expensive hotels in vacation spots. He' s just doing it to be badassed...usual Trump shit.
Ahhh... without Glass Stegall that banks are free to back high risk ventures of almost any type. With the notion that we as American taxpayers will bail them out again, the sky is the limit for "hedging bad bets (which in many ways are the foundation of our 401K's)"....Goldman Sacs is a racket game and not a bank...at least not with you in mind.
Iowa is not tailor made for him.. Its largely a conservative state. He is backed by private donors. Hillary is not backed by private donors. she uses money from billionaires to fund her campaign...and ultimately fund them.
cut it out!!!!
Take a look at some of the dialogue between Trump and Cruz.. That is personal attacks.
Goobers gonna win!
He doesn't give a f___ about anybody but his own image. Watch the documtary sometime when you have a few minutes... http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1943873/ Then go ask those Scots what they thought of Trump's version of kindess is to people w/o money.
Its particularly grating to me... I watched her from across the street a few months ago when she went at night w/o announcement to another big benefit dinner with Corning Inc's top chiefs who are all Republican and not ashamed of letting everyone know about it. They were hedging their bets I guess.
He is the only one up there that makes any sense.
Someone should make a political ad with that vid.
God he's begging..
Read this: https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/43crex/the_hillary_clinton_record_updated/
But women like Bernie. Hillary is polling not so well with women.
Its not about "him"...Hillary is about "her"....but Sanders represents "us". He hasn't promised anything really. He just keeps saying "we can do this...we can educate our young so they will have jobs of the future...we can have health care as a basic human right like most of europe...we can do alot....if "we" revolt against the status quo of which Hillary is very much a part. I feel he represents a fundamental shift from away from oligarch power running this country. I hope he will win. I'd like to see this country move towards a brighter future.
I've got one right in my district...I super asshole and I'll bet he has Bernie's picture on a dartboard in his house. He would get far further with Hillary than he would with Bernie which isn't saying much. So you vote for old Hillary who just loves those bankers and I'll vote for Bernie who I've known (not personally) since the 70's back in Burlington. He's a good guy and worth a second look.
...and a crook
If she is so much for the people, then I don't understand what she does with all that $$$ she gets from corporations as "gifts". She must really like money more than people I guess. ....and power.
Oh please Hillary... Please leave our country alone. Take your millions and leave...and take bill with you.
You are so blind.
ONe word...media
Politico is pretty good. It has a republican lean but I still like it. Then there is just plain google news. Its a very strange election and I find it easier sometimes to try and get above it and see what's going on. I think Sanders is a positive force in this political cycle and proved that the little guy can run w/o resorting to selling their souls to WallStreet. I do think to that he proved that if Americans really want change as Obama promised, then its up to them to make that change happen. I think perhaps Hillary will win although sometimes I still hold out hope for Bernie. The next pres election should be really interesting after this one. It has set the stage for a terrific sequel.
I told my cousin and her husband to do early voting. FeelTheBern!
My heart bleeds for ya!
I will be very interested to read a well written book on the Obama presidency and what went on behind the curtains and who he really was. Personally I think he was a good president but seemed sometimes to be more involved with his own legacy than the welfare of Americans. But that is my opinion onlhy.
Keep speaking strong schoolgirl. You and Bernie can move mountains.
Hillary gave a speech today and Huffington Post calls it a brilliant speech. She says if we vote for trump we will have a nuclear war. What a change from the old Obama message of hope and change. What a clear reversal from the hope that Bernie promised. What a change to fear and loathing on the campaign trail. I wish Hunter Thompson was alive to write about this one.
Because he's good.
hope so.
Love it. I wanted so much to look like Emma Peel when I was a kid!!!
So do "i(I)".
He comes from VT. All my uncles hunted. Vermont is rural and hunting has always been a tradition. I know nothing much about guns but I would always trust Bernie's judgement and I'm a f'ng liberal.
Why wasn't this shit covered in the media? A social network predator hunt was pretty despicable of her. I don't know why this was not brought to everybodys' attention.
He continued the bail outs that Bush began to prop up the economy in order to prevent a 2nd depression period. He began Obamacare which is not perfect but still far better than what we had. He has instituted programs to slow global warming, the list goes on and on.
Yes. It was pathetic as trump said. It was a scare speech. She is so lame.
After watching this, I reviewed Hillary's wonderful great strong robust (according to media) speech she gave yesterday and there is no comparison. She is a walking depression compared to Bernie.
Her speech yesterday was a sad sad statement of all the crap to come. If we vote for Trump we get a radioactive war. What a wonderful statement. It is so promising. Let's all get on board the Clinton train where the rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
Heard more about Clinton scandals and wrong doings than Bernie.
Read again. The truth hurts.
Alot of negative comments. My own feelings are what the lady with the green contacts and chiseled pulls said yesterday and what trump will say about her will be all we are going to hear for 3 solid miserable months. And yes, nothing about Americans and jobs and climate change. Just mudslinging over and over all summer long.
Clinton's ideas are worse than Trumps.
Go get your Clinton quarters. She is one of the worst and most pathetic candidates in our history.
He is wholesome and honest. She is a lying snake in the grass.
Perhaps he sees something in Clinton that he knows is not trustworthy.
Sort of like Mussolini being a bit better than Hitler
He kept us out of war. He was known for his peacemaking contributions.
You are saying war is in the global interest of the US? What a wrong headed statement. War is in nobody's economic interest. War costs...and its a high high cost that should in almost all cases be avoided.
She is famous for her scripted appearances. She doesn't step out of her room wi/o consideration to dress, talk, to-do list. She is all script and no soul.
This election is going to be "contested" for the next 4 years. The whole process and the DNC's corrupt behavior will be remembered by many many new voters. Go figure.
Many new voters can't stand Clinton. That's why.
There is nothing new in this that hasn't already been told about the Clintons. Same old lying grifters.
The speech just made me depressed as hell. Its going to be this kind of scary talk junk all the way to November.
You nailed that one.
At 74 and one of the only honest .Senators in the senate, I'd say he's hardly needing attention. He makes the other two career 1%er's look pretty lame.
I didn't know she had any.
I think this might be it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQ9nOUbomS0
That's why Bernie keeps asking for those transcripts of Hillzy's 250,000 bank speeches. They gotta be great reading.
IMHO I think Sanders wants to stay away from the shitslinging but I do think if Clinton is elected, this stuff ain't going away.
I understand. Trump makes me want to vomit but Hillary and Bill back in the White House does not give me a warm fuzzy either.
Understood.
Have they ever killed people?
Trump will runoff his big fat mouth and Clinton will most probably get elected b/c of the shitstorm. Certainly not from her flimsy credentials. Next pres election will truly be bizarre. There will be a new Bernie....better organized, better looking, younger . And there will be a new Trump, better looking, better educated and more dangerous.
I guess this is why so many people are voting for Trump. Its not what he says, its that although he's rich, he's not bought.
we are fucked now.
Yet Snowden who has done more for this country's freedoms is a man w/o a country. This dried up self loving old prune is going to be the next president.
She endangered the country with her reckless behavior. She cares nothing at all about Americans. Only cares about herself and her legacy.
I subscribed. I just hope Bernie can take his arguments to Philly and be heard The thought of Hill and orangeman shouting insults at each other for the next 3 months afterwards is downright depressing.
I've totally forgotten where I read or heard it a day or so ago....but this ain't over. Everytime Hillary says something, there is this image of the guy strapped to the speeding car with the metal guard in front of his face screaming from the movie "MadMax, Fury Road. That's the pro Bernie crowd who just can't stand Hillary coming to kick her azz.
If political hack means covering one's own azz, then yes. She is a political hack like all the rest of them....except Bernie.
B/c Hillary and Bill spam is much more dangerous and awful.
No they don't.
Game ain't over.
If you are a chardonnay drinking, salad eating, yoga practicing old fart of a pantsuited, comfortable shoe wearing woman who tends her flowers, reads her kindle, listens to Josh Groban and watches Survivor, then yes, she is your girl.
Can he use the Oval office to have a you-know-what during half times?
Jeez Louise... Why even bother to vote!! The anointed one is crowing victory screams about being the first woman pres and the press are having their Morrow moment going after Trump. I will never ever vote for that horrible woman.
s'funny. When Clinton unleashed an army of internet trolls to go after comments by Sanders Supporters, that was chivalrous in your mafia playbook I guess.
Game ain't over. I've learned that time is the best ally. Just give this time. see what happens.
You and thousands and thousands of others.
Obama endorses Hillzy. "I love the smell of rotten corruption in the morning." Why bother to vote.
They anointed Hillary. They had her picked already and with the system as it is, she was bound to win. I watched her walk into a $1000 a plate fundraiser dinner in my town hosted by a bunch of Republican CEO's. I'm sorry.. I cannot endorse a rigged system. I will wait till after the convention in Philly but I probably will not vote for her. She is an establishment queen.
In your wildest dreams.
Rigged. Voter Fraud. She put out trolls all over here and Facebook. Even shut down facebook with child porn. I can't stand her. I will never ever vote for her.
Politician.
She's backing the insurance industry that has a lockgrip on Obamacare. So yes, in a sense, she causes cancer. Nobody can afford the costs.
We are all going to be so tired of this woman by November.
Medicare for all as Bernie would have had it. The insurance industries are for profit and therefore probably not the best way to make for a healthy nation. Many of my friends are on Obamacare are less than happy with what they got and what the navigators did for them to get them on Obamacare. I'm happy its there but it really needs to be paid for by our taxes and not have insurance companies involved.
Everytime I see Hillary waving and Bill leering behind her, I want to vomit.
Oh I wish I could have some.
Bernie for the middle class and the poor. He has the blessings of the pope. and when a pope blesses a jew...good things happen.
Does Julian Assange have a vagina?
Should I vote for a con artist or a grifter? I just don't know. Guess I'll write in Bernie
Scare people into voting for 2 of the most dishonest politicians in modern history. Bill and Hill... its deja vu all over again.
Yes. Why should she support the issues when its really all about the team.
The Clintons are the king and queen of Washington Insiders. Its a machine and its corrupt. Warren's throwing her lot in with this crowd proves that she is not willing to stick her neck out for progressive issues. She is part of the machine now.
I hate to say this. but me too.
I always found it a depressing movie. I related as Tennessee did to Stella. "I have always depended on the Kindness of strang'as"
oops...gotta watch it again and get depressed.
Gonna definitely try that one! Thanks!
Hillzy is playing political softball. She is not talking about real issues such as climate change and the effects of fracking or healthcare for all or affordable tuition. Its much easier to bash trump. I'm not listening to it and I'm not voting for her.
But if you add mine to your vote and keep adding the ones that say they will not vote for her, It will give the old lady something to worry about.
yeah.. and with her presidency, we will get the leavings or crumbs from her political favors to her real constituents, big business and finance.
Ah the Clintons. Nothing but scandal and intrigue.
Steven Spielberg. So much for going to any of his movies again.
She sure spend alot of time shmoozing with those same corporate overlords who want to nix NN. She is so much a corporate tool.
On their terms. Not on ours. Its pay to play.
Hillary for war monger in chief. She loves sending others into the valley of death but not her rich assed friends.
Why even bother to vote. Its Hillary's coronation to the throne.
I don't need that article to tell me anything. I've seen her lie and lie and lie.
Bernie is staying in!!! Yes!! Keep the coals on that mad bitch and her disbarred lawyer husband.
And Hillary is the gold standard of corruption.
"We both ran from bullets fired at us from Sarajevo airport".... OMG!!!
Dont forget vote rigging.
The DNC is the Clinton campaign!!
Mark Landler, New York Times reporter wrote Alter Egos, Mark Leibovich of the New York times and Washington Post wrote "This Town'. What are you suggesting I read? Her stupid book which was changed in last print? Ugh. She is so terrible. So stiff. So non presidential. She just likes her power and so does her detestable husband.
Its fixing the outcome.
It was rigged. Rigged right from the start.
I can't watch it. It makes me very sad.
Will never vote for HRC.
Wonder what will happen after the Dem convention. This should be interesting to watch.
Julian is a dead man walking.
She is dead to the Clintons. They are vindictive and once you cross them, you are an outsider in Washington.
&gt; dead She is very brave. Wish there were more like her.
Hillary, brought to you by her sponsers.
Me too.. but I think its via DNC. Whatever. I ain't voting or donating her.
So pretty. Too bad we can't train chickens to be a little more tidy in their toilet activities.
I love this dish!!! I make it often and have with steamed rice.
Hillary cheated and schemed since 2008. Bernie was a man of integrity and stayed with the issues.
The democratic process right now is a mess. It needs fixing and Bernie pointed it out clear as day. Hillary alias $hillary is a broken candidate and will remain largely a candidate of the banks and big business and will do their bidding.
Got news for NYT and WP. Bernie ain't going away.
If Hillary becomes President, I'm pretty sure 2020 will be a way different election. She won't do much more than enrich herself and her family. Hopefully the next Bernie will be ready to take on the DNC and win without them next time.
I probably just won't vote or write in Bernie.
I am reading about her now. She and Bill are truly Washington elite. They live in their own worlds and are surrounded by sycophants. I just can't believe she is being taken seriously as a President in 2016.
Its amazing to me that someone like Hillary who is so old and dowdy and represents the Cold War era is the dem candidate or presumed dem candidate. It just goes to show that Washington is a very insulated and corrupt town.l
Bernie is still in the race.
I've flipped between MSNBC, Huffpo, CBS, CNN and there is all kinds stuff on Trump and Clinton is on top... but nothing about her shenanigans at all. Nothing about these leaked documents, her emails, her foundation, her influence on the DNC, there is nothing.
I like that.
I'm kind of wondering if Trump will stay in the race. No mon, no fun.
With the Brexit problem, I wish Sanders was still running.
You call working at Wal Mart for $10 an hour privileged? You call trying to pay for a home with costs skyrocketed to beyond comprehension privileged? In 1950 that generation experienced an economic boon fueled greatly by the gas economy. There is no economy now. Its just wealth has everything and those in the middle to low barrel have nothing and they are getting sick of it and you better start ducking.B ernie threw the first brick. More will follow.
You got some links on that?
I'm sure your chicken had a much better life than Eggland's hen's. https://www.change.org/p/as-a-worker-at-eggland-s-best-i-uncovered-sickening-animal-cruelty-please-help-me-end-it?utm_source=action_alert&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=606476&amp;alert_id=CmaGqTuyqF_x6GUGseUeTvF9saKRUwOvUVUuSZmaARdmVhCqkVGNys%3D
Unfortunately, I think you are correct.
For me its like going back in time. Now we will have that leering, creepy Bill in the White House again.
The drama comes when she is pulled off her podium by the law and sent to jail.
I'm sure some of it is true. And some of it is pretty awful.
:) Let's see., we got a fat and crooked real estate developer on one side and an oligarch on the other. Neither gets my vote.
Yes!
Just try it O....it'll make ya feel good.
We are talking about owning a gun. Due Process on owning a freak'in gun? Jeez.
He's right. How could Elizabeth Warren who is contantly fighting to regulate the banks and put a bridle on their risky bets ever ever back Hillary who is joined at the hip to the big banks. I just don't get it.
I'm a Bernie supporter and I feel the same way.
I'm still crying over my bottle of Bass Ale that Elizabeth Warren became a total hypocrite and has joined with Hillary who is joined at the hip with big banks, big pharma, and big big business and doesn't give a flying shit about any American making less than a 1%er.
I don't know how they can keep this under the rug. She seems guilty as hell to me. Elizabeth Warren alias Judas will have to really splain this.
She is really good at lying. If she could be as good a president as she is at lying, she will rival Lincoln.
Looks like it is trump that is fucking up. I ain't vot'in for either of those two scumbags.
I don't f'ing believe this. More bizarre by the day.
Bernie threw the first brick at that power/money/connections structure. Hopefully others will continue throwing more at it.
Clinton is as much behind Hillary as her campaign. Not sure why he did such a dumb thing.
He's telling her Hillary will grant her favors when she's elected. Its favors and scandal all the way.
Yes. They talked all about their grandchildren and golf.
Trump and his crew will make hay out of this one.
I think you nailed it.
Bubba and Loretta on a plane together in Phoenix probably will boost his ratings even further.
I don't think so. The Bernie effect is going to remain as long as Washington Insider shit keeps going on. People are sick of it.
There was a plane in Phoenix this week.
You got some nice crust onto it!!
Yes. I like riddles. :)
Not like it is now.
Why did Bubba go over to the other plane in the rain? He had to have more reason than talking about grandchildren and golf.
Someone should ask him about the Israeli/Palestinian conflict. He knows so much about that.
He needs a wheelchair, an old VCR setup and a 90's TV and snot covered blankie.
I don't know how his wife can bed down at night with that mess.
What I find the most scary about Trump is that he reportedly does not sleep much, perhaps 2 hours a night. The rest of the time he's tweeting shit and pacing around. And he's going to be our President in a few weeks time. I can see the mushroom cloud now.
I'm not convinced that the Russians didn't hack Podesta's and the DNC's email. I'm just wondering why we never got the RNC or fucking Kelly Conways email to read.
I saw this guy interviewed about a month ago on PBS. He gets really ticked off at anybody asking him a tough question. They have a microphone plugged into his ear all the time yelling at him to smile more.
People work all their lives. They do everything the right way and pay and pay and pay into this thru their taxes. And you call this an entitlement and you are a healthcare prof? You must have a heart of cement.
My Mom sez that the Representatives and Senators (but mostly the Reps) had better not come back home to their districts for fear of losing their scalps.
I didn't think they had a mandate.
And don't let them remove your hard earned WalMart jeans.
On top of everything else, he twitters at 3 am. He doesn't sleep. And he's at the bottom of his stupid mind at 3am. We could have WWIII at 3 am and we'd all be sleeping when we got fried.
I wondered that too but perhaps Spicer is on his knees alot so he'll be kept busy.
you mean like the ones in Washington who go to all the right parties, form their own consulting groups (lobbyists), the ones who shmooze with Silicone Valley billionaires and gas and oil representatives? I'm just wondering b/c there are many of those.
Its fun to read White Russian Hacker posts. They are like semen in the brain.
You tell that CLoset Muslim a thing or two girl!!! He needs to be put in his place! I gotta go get more cheetos and hit the shitter!
His hair will creep into his brain thru the holes and begin to turn him into the alien he really is.
I still don't understand why his followers are accepting him when he is taking away everything in the way of med help. Don't get sick Trumpies.
dont get sick dawg.
I grew mine outside this summer and the nugs were very small. Must have been climate change.
It reminds me of the canned brown bread in New England that was served with baked beans.
He'll get run out of Dodge by years end.
That was a good one but no, I'm channeling Steven King. I keep recalling the Shining.
And it was so.
Just avoid hills.
You can make a skirt for it out of chicken wire and those heavy clips at Home Cheapo. They can't dig under it.
don't forget Trump's very public condemnation of the Central Park 5 that would pretty much ruin the first part of their lives incarcerated for a crime they didn't commit.
still have their little peckers at the end of their beaks to hammer their way out of the egg.
I'm thinking domestic disturbances. He's makes really really bad judgments when he rules from his gut as he has done many times before.
You notice how he's always behind Trump as smiling at him with those funeral director eyes of his.
That would be pretty much it. I had a similar setup along my hens' chicken run. It was just cut into the 4 lenghts needed to go around the enclosure. I had mine attached with wire b/c it was permanent but in your case, the clips would work and you could just quickly detach and attach when you move the tractor. Or just lay a few rocks on it to hold it in place. It would be a little more work but you would sleep better at night.
One of those little Hamilton flukes called electoral vote that didn't make us proud. We didn't throw away our shot but we better start picking it up off the floor.
Rise up Americans! The time is now.
Rise up! This is the movement!
All we got to do is take it to the lower state govts. We'll take them from there.
That was the time. This ain't that time.
What about a domestic crisis? What about another Katrina, right near Washington? What about a cyber war? What about so many things that could happen here? Is the Orange man going to know what to do?
The majority of Murkins didn't even vote.
20th of Jan is going to be an interesting day despite the lack of singers at Pussy's inauguration.
Than can play old LP's behind the podium.
Not after a year of Trump.
Well that's it Keith. Forget becoming head of the DNC pay to play club.
And less gun control too. THey are hoping we kill each other off.
Congress is owned by big Pharma, big Insurance...well big business. So they fight real hard against anything that helps the avg American stay afloat.
With all that has happened in our electoral process since the beginning of this running joke called an election, I'm surprised a Donald Trump has not ascended the American throne earlier.
I just grin when I read stuff like this. The "stupid" Weimer Republic said pretty much the same thing and look at the shit that happened to them with their Bigly boy supreme leader.
Yes she is. It was big money for her to be so. Now she is at NBC. She follows the money. She'll probably be giving Sharpton a handjob now.
I want to see Pope Francis irritate Trump
Bernie's plan was better. Medicare for all. The public option. No Insurers. But the old white boys of the Republicans said no no no no no no no no no no back in 2008. And this is what we got. Its not great but its the best the admin could do. I was for Bernie's plan. Now we are going to get nothing at all.
We are both Americans. Both divided as hell. The Republicans have won bigly. What is it Lincoln said, "A house divided cannot stand". Your boys in Washington working for the big guys on Wall Street are making sure we all stay divided. They will rule this country with indifference and care nothing for any of us. Good luck Benji
Hope you know that they poop while sleeping.
Notice too that Pussy needed 3 tweets. He may have to graduate to Facebook now to say his shit.
But we got such an awesome subject that we love to joke about. PussyTheTweeter is an amazing phenomenon.
Oh I see. Wow. What foresight!!! So we can all rest easy now.
He never pays up. He stiffed he caterer at his wedding.
don't count on it astro. Trump is insane and bad things are going to happen real soon.
This is so surreal. Its like a bad game.
..and a former pussygrabber himself! Yes I totally agree.
I can't remember a popular one.
Too stupid to be a spy. A patsy is a better descriptor.
The way he's raging on twitter, he's going to need to be drained himself with a serious enema.
America soon will be called the United states of oil and gas.
Well at least this is bringing about a spirited debate on health care again.
Yes but Trump is making it official. No more govt of the people and by the people. Gas and oil now run it totally with an eye on Russia as a partner.
I feel that way. I think the whole country is feeling the same way.
great!
and America lost
Discounted at my local Sams to about 16 bucks. Worth the read now cuz its inspiring and Trumpet is so uninspiring.
The Joker (alias Mark Hamil) will be shedding croc tears.
I hope she will still be around and help us all. We are in deep doo-doo now.
Nobody likes Donald Trump except billionaires and bullys. And he's also running beyond twitters word limit more and more often.
Ummmm.. didin't see her disrespecting a physically handicapped individual. We have a right to free speech. Donald Trump has no right to humiliate those who cannot fight back.
AltRight disaster in the making.
The guy she is talking about is even more ridiculous. That's the joke.
Best time in the world. GG's are watched by millions. She's an american. She can say it. Its free speech as much as Pussy's twitter diatribes.
I pul-se. KNock off the Trumpish bullshit about the Chicago incident. Breitbart and Fox have you so brainwashed. Everybody was horrified by the Chicago incident. It has no bearing at all on the crap you are allowing PussyGrabber to get away with. He's your president now. He's all yours to fondle until he's thrown out of office...he and his little twitter phone.
Chicago. Do you think anyone found that okay? It was disgusting just as pussygrabber's comments were disgusting. Only the 4 juveniles who hurt that guy were just punks and will probably remain so. Pussy was born rich and powerful. He's now your president. Good luck with that.
short for alt-right.
Don't condescend. Her speech right now is being hailed as an early salvo against his presidency. She did the decent thing. You must go graze in better pastures dtp ...or can i call you "dp"?
Wait a minute. Is that who I think it is?
Minor and inconsequential. I can hear the sneer. Your press is conflating this story way beyond what it merits. He is a bully. NOthing less.
Everybody liked his promises and bullshit and now he's draining the swamp (smile here) and taxing the holy shit out of Americans. Streep saw a huckster and called him out. He won. He leads. Do we follow?
Oh. Cute and so funny. Love her little topknot.
Ahhhhh!!!!! He's so cute. Hope he has a good life.
That is so bittersweet!!!
Mine freezes up after I hit the continue button alot. It takes awhile to unfreeze.
I will have to try that with one of my sourdough loaves. That looks great! Thanks!
Higher quality students... ???? Waz ist?? Education is the key. There was a PBS/NPR story this week on giving prisoners the chance to pursue an education. They did and they for the most part ended up successful. If you deny education to only the "Higher Quality" students, then you might as well subscribe to the Victor Hugo home school study course on "how to survive bein po" -translated from the French
My idea would be more "certification" or "trade" degrees. I think training on a variety of levels would be better. If one chooses to pursue a greater degree then I would like possibly state assistance and some kick-in by the participant/student. (that could be negotiated as time-training in health care system or if they choose to pay it down right then thru low cost loans (also a govt assisted program)) But any programs to help people go to work again at an economic weighed wage. My idea would be that college be divided into segments of learning. But providing that learning is the important thing. How this is hashed out is up to the powers that be.
I love an old rooster cooked slowly in a dutch oven with water and seasonings for hours and hours. Its almost nothing when it is done but it can be desiccated and used in risottos, soups, chicken and biscuits, chicken and gravey on toast or a potato. I love an old rooster. Old roosters brings out the Julia Child in me.
Beautiful. I can almost project myself right into the waters below.
Roosters.
I like fighting roosters. Or at least their legends. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhqIQx3EhAc
I want to cry. This man is unfit for garbage collector
How can you defend that statement?
Republicans (and some Democrats) sound like they are more hired help for special interests. They are not politicians at all. They don't represent American interests at all. They don't want to make our govt. they want to destroy it.
Good luck Keith!
I kind of think its the BushJr years all over again.
Putin loves Amorosa
americans are asking that too. Many with tears in their eyes right now.
I wonder if she is verbally abused.
The President-elect (soon to be president) is a perv. We elected a perv. America has to deal with a perv president.
IMHO..It'll start immediately after his inauguration. He is unable to give up his wealth to be a servant of the American people. So it doesn't work. He can't be a businessman and lead at the same time.
I've seen puppies at the Humane Society that were sexually abused. I want to take a baseball bat to whoever does this shit.
Have you tried Irwin Shaw's "The Young Lions"? It was about WWII taken from both sides, German and Amreican. It was made into a movie in the early 60's when Marlon Brando was good looking. It was a much better book than movie.
Don't get sick
Will they go horseback riding together bare chested thru the surf?
Will they tinkle on one another?
It ain't a cult. Cults are relgious in nature. The GOP just a bunch of people hired by big business to serve their interests in washington and we the people are just bags of shit that are in the way.
Bring a barf bag.
Would be funny if "PeeWee" Herman showed up.
Or makes bacon out of them...figuratively speaking I mean.
His voice is becoming as easily recognizable as the Presidents. Probably b/c he is the de facto president. Trump ain't gonna lead nobody.
But he's a growing thorn in his side. Soon it will look like a 2x8 in his side.
There is a book floating around on Ebay called "Abraham Lincoln and the Sleeping Sentinel of Vermont" by Waldo Glover printed sometime in the 1930's. I got a copy from my cousin's lady friend who got it there. It is probably the most accurate description of this tale of the boy solider from the backwoods of Groton VT. The incident happened at the very beginning of the war when union posts flanked Washington and posted guards around the Southern part of the Potomac river in an effort to guard against a possible Confederate invasion of the capitol. Scott was with the 3rd Vermont volunteers as I recall, one of the first to actively participate in the war effort. Vermont regiments like all regiments at that time were very closely knit in an unfamiliar place, far from home. Nobody really knows why he fell asleep. Covering for a sick comrade was one thought. Others suggest that most of the northern recruits were subject to dysentery from the swampy marshlands that surrounded Washington (Trump's SWAMP). When you don't feel well, you sleep alot. But then the story gets muddied by all the attention it brought about. It was the first propaganda story from the war similar to the Jessica Lynch story at the onset of the Iraq war and drummed up support for the war during the very beginning of the conflict. There was a long poem written about the Scott case that was published and recited at events and public gatherings. Most people were very critical of executing him. His execution would have brought unfavorable attention to the Union cause that had just begun and needed support from Americans. The NYT, the Boston Herald and newspapers in Vermont carried stories about the incident. (In the 20's there was a radio drama written about Scott and Lincoln). As Wikipedia says, its unlikely Lincoln personally visited the 3rd VT at the Chain bridge where they were stationed.. He more than likely wrote the pardon at the urgings of Chittenden, another Vermonter who was a close aide to the President. It is more likely that the general commanding the VT brigade (another Vermonter) wanted to make a lesson from Scott's failure on guard duty and scare hell out of the troops by setting him up for the execution. They brought him out that morning and had selected a group of 4 to fire at him. They pinned a white circle of cloth on his blouse and 3 were given blanks and 1 had an active bullet. At the last moment, the pardon issued by Lincoln was read and he was released. The following spring, he took part in McClellen's failed Peninsula campaign and was killed while carrying another soldier away from a futile attempt to rush a Confederate fortification surrounded by a swamp. Scott took 5 or more bullets. He never would have said anything since he was unconscious after receiving the bullet wounds until his death the next day. Whatever happened, it was more myth than reality but made for a good story and helped the war effort. My Dad's side of the family claims to be related to the Scott family but I've never found the connection in all my research.
Yes.. Totally agree. The old guard is. But it only takes one person to make a movement and both MLK and Bernie are testimony that good leadership can change the course of history. We are going to suffer under Trump but somehow I think we will get through this and become a better country. (I just hope we can unify the country again)
Vielen dank!
Its like looking into a den of snakes.
Not aryan enough to suit you.
I just read this as : Betty Davis hearing was insulting...(I'm really tired). I hope Betsy Devos drives off a long pier in a big car.
Well if you went to a charter school that talked about Jabus all day and little else you wouldn't even know as much as you do. But yes.. they can obstruct by voting and also filibustering nomination. They can make theater from it if not much more but 2018 is next year.
I think that would be so fun! A gay service parade!
Rtrain has never had to pay up for (his/her) care as yet. Never had his/her heart stop had to get an ambulance (500 bucks) to go to emergency (500 bucks) and stay several days at hospital (2000 bucks) and then have to get extended care (3000 bucks) for CT and MRI scans to figure out what the hell is wrong and then therapy ($$$) then the cost of prescription meds to ensure it won't happen again ($$$$$$$$$)...
Nobody should have to worry about going bankrupt in US. Single payer is the way to go.
Not everybody in USA has your mom's health insurance. Insurance is there to game the system. It should not be an entity between health care and the patient. Health care is a right...not a cost.
In your universe. But in most American's universe, its a civil right.
Dial it back 300 years and there is your universe . The rest of us have progressed.
45th president will be getting more than a BJ in the Oval Office. His cabinet is going to ____ him. And then impeach him. And then the GOP is in charge. NYYYYYAAAA HAAAA HAAAA pussys!!!!
I am a fan of Obama. I know and understand the critique of Obama for his handling or leagacy of foreign wars he left behind by prefering drones and cyberwarfare to good old GOP "go get um, John Wayne bullshit that we are getting sucked into again. But I cannot imagine for once he is looking down and thinking.."damn...could it happen here?...right here on PA Ave?"
REal news ghostie.
I am wondering what the OrangeMonster is thinking right now. He is probably going to pop an artery watching these parades everywhere. It humiliates him. I feel sorry for his wife.
Its on imprinted in my brain. I want to see heads roll.
That's not a perm. She an Ashkenazi Jew. She has had breast cancer twice and both breasts have been removed. The cancer is from her Ashkenazi lineage. She is actually a very brave woman and I used to really admire her...until what she did to Bernie.
NO.. Impeach NOW
Strokes are evil. I bet the GOP want him to have one so they can ditch him now that they got the power and creepy Pence.
As I see it, every day will be exciting b/c Trump is always opening his mouth. Like LBJ and Nixon, he is going to hear dissenters everywhere screaming at him.
He is my president. He is the de Facto president of America.
Fake and untrue.
He's lighting his farts on fire at the CIA?
I saw one meme somewhere that said that the mall was filled totally with people. The white areas towards the back were the white sheets of the KKK in attendance.
Perhaps you won't have to although I admire your fortitude and will probably do the same...but that crazy SOB looks like he has not slept in days. He is a crazy loon. And crazy loons are sleep deprived.
Crowd size. he says it was the biggest crowd ever and all stats prove him totally wrong. So are you going to continue to believe his lies. They are going to continue on and on.
Oh don't worry at all. WWIII is coming soon to a state near you.
His boss, bigpussy/little fingers looks today like he ain't slept since last Thursday
Yes.. and they sure need multiple inspectors to ensure no leaks. However I think (I'm no expert and rely on media) that alternative sources of energy employ more people than gas and oil combined. And the future looks so bright in those areas (just as China) that we all gotta wear shades and we hopefully collect paychecks from a less polluting source.
Need some Tums?
No I wasn't aware of that. I am aware however that Donald Trump lies all the fr'n time.
Make sure MangoPussy sees this.
Pussy does.
I heard it on Washington Week. The reason for all the leaks is because Trump's place is in chaos.
r/reality
In his place, Donald Trump will accept a belated Oscar for his appearance in "Video Centerfold".
From the looks on his pasty face throughout the week it looks like he hasn't slept much. I don't think he is loving it at all.
All executive orders. Translation: Dictator controls.
If I am remembering this right from my college Poly Sci classes, they are constitutional for the event of war when a president is allowed to use them for the sake of the country. But in recent times, Presidents have been using them more and more to override Congress and the Senate when the president deems he must. But it seems Trump is using them all the time.
No. He is mentally ill and needs to be replaced. Wish pence wasn't so healthy
No. Kal Penn does not belong in America. He is too nice a guy for this fascist country.
They just going to throw him out arguing that he is mentally deranged or that he has Dementia. Either way, we get Holier-than-thou fucking Pence.
The trump administration is cursed. God help us all.
Its cold now but I think we are moving into a long hot summer.
Keep watching those polls. What goes up will come crashing down
Downloaded 2.9 from gimp's site (gimp.org). unzipped the package I downloaded then ....... just a list of files. readme had no info on launching. Exe was not avail. I'm not a techie but I have a feeling when this stuff happens, something is wrong. Probably not ready for primetime windows yet.
Ok.. will give it another shot. Thank you. I got the files off main page of gimp.org
Bastard Trump
Johnson and Nixon would be driven crazy by the screams and chants of protesters who endlessly marched in front of White House to protest the Vietnam war. It would be much easier to accomplish that with this toddler in chief
Russia will abide by Paris accords so my own hunch is leaning to his obliging by them too. He literally sucks putin dick so he will be a good little tiny man for puttie
The one bright shining memory I have of Cruz is an interview he gavel during his run for the presidency and he had a bugger hanging off his nostril. I just can't get that image to go away
Mar a largo needs some renovations. Let's see. What can I cut to pay for my palace fixer upper?
But wouldn't most employers want to subsidize birth control since their women employees could no longer guarantee if they would get pregnant? I mean if most working women delay child bearing until later in their careers wouldn't this trumpian order make that harder?
Why doesn't he just wear that black overcoat and put an armband on it with some kind of symbol of Trump's admin. It would look so fetching.
Look for little tiny hand prints and grease stains on those pictures
Trump = the power of the TV. People actually watched his shit and believed he was a powerful and good guy.
To all those that believe Trump voters would vote for that maggot again. Bernie is going to run. And probably someone far worse than Trump if you can believe that. Its going to be a really rough ride ahead.
The blood is literally spewing from OrangeyStinkie's eyes.
He shit on the office he was elected into. He acted as a thug. His crime was aggravated assault and his buddies in the police department charged him with a misdemeanor. Had Quist done that, it would have been a volcanic scandal. He really should not be in congress. Thugs don't belong in congress.
Every body out of the pool
Trump is no joke. He is a dangerous disgusting stinking piece of dog shit that needs to be cleaned up and tossed in the garbage heap of history
The world's biggest threat to global warming. President trump's asshole
Why would Corker and Manning be seen with him? He would not be good for their PR I would think.
The villain-in-chief
He wanted to go ride his horsey
Edgar Allen poe's stories are very dark broody gothic and dreamy. Like walking thru and old cemetery at night
It is up to American ppl to boot Tiny Hands out of office. Washington is incompetent
Think it's up to America and not Washington to rid this foul corrupt and meddlesome priest called the GOP from us all
Yup. That's little Eric the leopard killer
Going thru these comments. Lordy I hope there were tapes *** pissing tapes
Don't buy a house. It ties you down
And sending everyone out of the room for a one on one, man to man. Yup no obstruction that I can see. Just a little New York style mafia talk
Was a matter orange slime!? You scared of some protest coming your way? It's coming to a street where you live very soon
The idiot leading the 1% upwards and leaving the rest behind can be exemplified by a piece in the guardian a few pulls down explains how trump's infrastructure plan benefits pvt industry and not the rest of America
He knew the late jocker too.
Wow. Only 39% fluent! Do they have a german II version of duo? I am about halfway. I do go back and review a lot. I figure it helps with pronunciation and I listen often to DW slow german and yabla
Goat would smell better too
I pay property tax that is very high here in ny state. It's an investment and hopefully it will pay off when I sell but it's so much "feeding the beast". I have to keep it up and that's pricey. And time consuming and frustrating. It is nice having property but sometimes I think I was happier when I was living in a little apartment
You mean Donny j trump is a LEAKER! Oh goodness! He's a leaka!!
Nothing burger! Totally nothing. Nothing to see here. Buy a trump steak and some trump wine. Party at a trump hotel. Tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow!!!
That new guy, Wray, to the FBI. Omg I would not want to be him. It would be a scene right out of "the departed" when deCaprio watches the phone ringing knowing who it is and desperately not wanting to answer it
Me too
I heard mike Allen on charlie rose saying mueller probably already has trump's tax returns. I'm betting the orange slime will be careful about firing mueller. Real careful
Taking inspiration from strongman putin
Mattis sold his soul to trump. He is as worthless as preibus
Seem to remember a few weeks ago (seems like an eternity) that mattis upheld his boss's tweets and speeches regarding NATO and his foolish leak of Israeli intel to Russians. He lost credibility by providing cover for a stupid man
A white supremacist and a Russian spy walk into bar and,,,,,
I feel sometimes like I'm watching "the Manchurian candidate" over and over. I just don't understand the partisan ass licking going on. Don't they care that our country is in jeopardy of losing its democracy? This little elf is a weasel and his boss is taking away everything America has worked towards since the 60s
He thinks he is Abe Lincoln reborn
Goddamn that elf looking weasel
I thought Collins questioned him very well. She is the only one with the exception of Burr that has any integrity at all
The only thing interesting about sessions is the stenographer behind him who had her legs crossed. Better looking than that elf face
You mean Ted Cruz frying bacon on his military style gun and grinning all over?
Zischen to hiss or sizzle? Ah for the love of languages !
Well it's a word and phrase that I will remember.
My yoga studio is in a former funeral home. The studio itself is in the room where they used to lay them out for viewing
Did she ah, I mean what did she do for little Donnie ahhh. I mean ah what prompted junior to hire her?
It's got orange in it I'll bet
I listened more to the trump supporter's speech. It was all crazy talking points. Almost as if he has a deck of flash cards with Donald sayings on them and he was screaming them at that kid. Poor kid looked embarrassed for standing up to a human wind machine
Shakespeare was on a witch hunt sad
I liked the last line. "Perhaps Ridley scott will make a movie". Of the production. Ha ha. Maybe make it with an orange Julius
Who needs Shakespeare in the park production of orange Julius oops I mean Julius ceaser in the white house
You got to wonder what is going on in trump's living quarters right now with trump having this hardon to fire mueller. Poor little daddy's girl is crying and snuffling and Jarod keeps checking his cell.
We invited a Vietnamese guy home one Christmas long ago. He was working with my sister at the Washington Marriott. He showed us all how to make this dish. We all make it now in our separate households and have shared the recipe with innumerable friends
I saw "Europa Europa" several times. WWII movie about a Jewish german boy who is disguised as a hitler youth member and later becomes caught up in the fighting. It is based on a true story. Very well done and the german is not too hard for English speakers
Yummy!
America is proving too stupid for having elected that orange mofo
Is that bridge in Gloucester ma?
Ever since the fat orange president denied poor catholic spicey the opportunity to see the pope, there's been a degree of tension between the two of them
I think he is introducing himself now. Probably by end of year, the long knives will come out for Ryan's record
Seems a little soon to be writing bios of a man who is still active in politics
Wait till the republican senators announce their version of trumpcare and watch that graph vector drop like a rock
Trump don't give a fuck about anybody unless they can help him make more money. Everybody else is fuck you
No work on ma iphone
I am in New York State and the Repubs here are saying the Medicaid funds will go to lowering property taxes which have always been high in the state. That is at least one route they took to appease their base
Bot comment
No
MurderCare. Trumpcare sounds like that creep cares. He don't give a fuck
Rich guys got to stick together
Cannabis is a tough plant. I think it will keep growing from the center. Don't pull it out right yet
In general, be courteous to others. Yeah right reddit. Why should we when Orangeman is not
Maybe he should summon a cute blond guy on the camera crew to come up and then he can tell him he's got a nice smile
Put yourself in the woman's shoes. It is humiliating
Oh I wish putin would release the video of orangefuckface getting urinated on by Russian rentgirls
Any woman (ugly fat beautiful cute) would want to die or disappear under his lecherous smile in front of a room full of people. It's his attitude towards people as an elected leader. He doesn't see people as people. He cares nothing for anybody. Only satisfies his own craving for money and power. This incident in a small way explains why there is an investigation into collusion with an enemy country. Orangeman is a narcissist and hungry for total power over America
One can hope there is.
Blinded? What am I blinded from? What about trump am I missing?
When I read comments like this I realize America has such a long way to go
One thing I have l have learned from all this trump and his Medicaid/Medicare ignorance is how vast Medicaid is in this country
You mean. Hey Charlie Koch
