Stay away form the wall Dany! Don't walk toward the light!
Or just use a better jig: https://youtu.be/daOZIKsHBAQ?t=56
because religion
Prank gone horribly wrong(56k no)
Hey I live in WA too but western. I drove 6 hours to record that and it was totally worth it.
I agree but there are some people who really know the truth but just refuse to accept it since it's not what they want to be true. Most modern christians are this way since very few follow the bible to the point that a person who believes it to be the word of a god would. Aaron Ra has a great quote something like this: "The problem is not what people don't know it's what they WON'T know."
Mr. Bean goes to the movies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aIfMX7FBbI
Don't mess with Dogmeat. He'll bite your legs off. http://i.imgur.com/4BSk0pL.png
Everything really. I don't want a person with the ability to order a world war thinking there is an afterlife.
I do. It's a small sign of progress in this country. Baby steps.
TIL a subnet is also an actual net that catches subs.
If you think about it we have seen forms of necromancy on both sides. http://i.imgur.com/kMlIPqF.jpg
Corn! Corn! Corn!
Designer: Doh! I knew we were forgetting something.
He just tripled that 2 hours later. Nice to see something good came out of this.
http://www.saleemacademy.com/ Just following in the footsteps of his prophet: "The majority of traditional hadith sources state that Aisha was married to Muhammad at the age of six or seven, but she stayed in her parents' home until the age of nine, or ten according to Ibn Hisham,[11] when the marriage was consummated with Muhammad, then 53, in Medina."
I have that model they are pretty rock solid. There is a camera that points down just to help it maintain position. You can literally grab it by the landing gear, pull on it, let it go, and it will return to it's position like nothing happened. (unless of course you hit a prop)
Who's supposed to be rowing? I don't know not me!.. Me either!.. I rowed last time!
Goth Washington does not row.
Insurance for remote controlled aircraft must be a terrible business even with a $150 deductible it seems like they would lose money. In the US you can get AMA insurance with membership but it only covers damages to others not your craft.
Anyone know where to find high rez versions of this?
What is dead may never die
Ill stick with "Never even think about entering a conservative islamic country for any reason."
you are my daughter.. and because of that I will keep you close in case we run into trouble and need a human sacrifice.
Corn!
That's what gets me about it. He doesn't even know what help if any they will get from this sacrifice.
Sorry man no wheelchair access to the Red Keep.
Row, row, row his boat
[PTSD triggered](http://i.imgur.com/lBfr4pq.jpg)
Wow living evidence of a transitional species. How is evolution still not accepted by some people?
3rd gen is best gen. Nice one!
Only $59 on sale. What a bargain!
Was almost the Freddy Kruger effect
Wild Wasteland perk probably
I don't know let me google it.
It's been recreated scientifically and proven to be possible. You just do not accept that because it goes against the conspiracy. http://www.popularmechanics.com/technology/design/a3524/4278874/
It's because you are wrong about it sustaining no damage. http://www.debunking911.com/pull.htm
seeee... SEEEEEE!!!!
Well if he was going for the 'burn victim' effect it's quite good.
..and working on the sabbath, allowing women to speak in church, murdering children for insulting elders, forcing women to marry their rapists as long as he pays the father, etc.. A christian saying this is like enabling god mode for an atheist in a debate. So much crazy to choose from.
George Lucas at one point thought the holiday special was a good idea.
I redid it from the patent images without the watermark. http://i.imgur.com/9NxDE9J.jpg
Cmon you bastards forget Snow vote for Egg!
I think Varys sent the necklace and maybe we will get the epilogue scene from a dance with dragons as the final scene. "You were threatening to undo all of the queens good work"
After all he is known for his honesty with Dany..
What is with Americans... Here in the UK /circlejerk on
I come here to see what the latest evidence for theism is. If someone finally appears with any I will gladly switch my beliefs. I honestly wish there was something after death but my brain will not accept it without evidence. And no the christian bible is not evidence proving itself to be true.
Literally!
&gt; Mance wasn't being burned for a magical spell to help the army Why the hell not both? Everything it set up perfect Mel is even there to light em up. The only logic I can come up with is they were over confident at that point that they were going to crush the Boltons and didn't think it was needed. Shoulda paid heed to the Starks repeated warning... Winter came
AJ Rimmer would be proud.
True I guess it is really up to the red god as to what sacrifice is worthy of giving help regardless of blood. He made the rules he is free to break or change them. And who knows if Mel even knows the rules correctly or is just assuming from past experience.
But since they were burning him anyway why not ask for the 'favor' and save risking his daughter? The red god doesn't seem to care too much who it is as long as they have kings blood. Why waste him?
I see your point I but I think Mel was still considering it a sacrifice to her god. They all should have why not?
Just finishing ADwD is what got me thinking about it. [ADwD](#s "They definitely thought he has kings blood in the book but with Sam and Gilly still at the wall who knows what happened to that plot.")
Not to the person getting burned and to the red god(maybe). But yeah I see your point and that is Stannis's logic probably. The wildlings would not want to help if they just killed Mance as a sacrifice they needed a real reason.
I just realized Aemon also had kings blood they could have sacrificed him too since he was already dying instead of Shireen. So much wasted kings blood. I wonder if the red god will let them 'bank' favors or they have to be used immediately.
I don't think its been stated on the show but [ADwD](#b "Mel definitely thought he had it in the books")
I know right. The rest of the planet has never cared about race. Oh those wacky 'muricans what will they do next.
Mad props for your design
Drogo
Hotpie takes the Iron Throne!
Rez plz http://i.imgur.com/8lWiKM9.jpg
Sansa and Reek Winterfell
Wow so in a way Stannis and his army WILL take Winterfell just like Mel saw.
Winter is coming.
And Jon Snow got killed by the elevator attendant.
Miranda Winterfell
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hellraiser_(franchise) 1987
Right there with ya. I found the best solution is distraction and a hedonistic lifestyle. I want to enjoy as many of the good things possible during this short time. Nothing helps me resolve facing oblivion in my mind other than trying to accept the fact it will be the same as before I was born or like never waking from a dreamless sleep
Why not both? Stannis and Jon leading the army of the dead? I would watch that.
Hit her next with the fact females are forbidden from speaking in church. it's in the NT too. 1 Corinthians 14:34 Women should remain silent in the churches. They are not allowed to speak, but must be in submission, as the law says.
Grappling launch to wingsuit flight. Why? Just cause I can.
I feel an increase in my bill coming.
And we think Stannis had a rough story arc. Jesus went from being the creator of everything to barely being able to effect bread.
I think most of the time in Westeros noble parents don't consult with the kids and just tell them who they are to marry usually right before the marriage is supposed to take place. Doran most likely wouldn't care what Trystane thinks about the plan.
thanks for the reply. Yeah I thought it was a bit slow too but I couldn't speed the shots up without making the falls look weird. Shorter clips may be the ticket along with closer higher risk shots.
True, true.. I just was trying to refrain from using the word 'drone'
Reminds me of the first time I got laid and her parents walked in on us.
Thanks for the replies everyone we are currently waiting for the call. It should be sometime today and I am staying with her so she won't be alone either way. Hopefully good news is coming.
Well we got the call back and it's bad with some good. She does have cancer and it's the apparently less common Invasive Lobular Carcinoma. Unknown at this time if the lymph nodes are involved. The good part (i think) is its smaller than we thought at 13mm but they rated it as grade 3 which is also bad. At least we know what we are dealing with now I guess.
Why not? The doctor seemed to think so. I mean it's not as good as responding to all 3 but better than a triple negative right?
No surgery yet she just had the ultrasound and biopsy last Wednesday with the results Monday and is going for a MRI on the 29th. I am hoping the MRI will show it's contained if that is even possible.
There was another one too they did on a car but I am not googling Jeremy Clarkson penis to find it. Edit: ok I did it anyway http://i.imgur.com/8fDvI7M.jpg Pensiton Company and Larsen Bisquits sponsors
Yay Rex! Awesome job! Except now you will be bugged to death to do every single minor character from every Fallout game in existence.
Arrived for the FEAST
They bring it up because it's a seriously cruel practice despite what race does it. The exact opposite of this one.
Now he can post again in tifu about this post. Double the karma!
Of all the forum reading I had done in previous seasons I was shocked I had not run across it by accident. I did get the show spoiled though by finishing the books just before ep 9.
This is how I picture Bran all this season http://i.imgur.com/As2x6cq.jpg Hopefully DnD didn't put him on the row boat.
Also how did he teleport to the woods from a open area surrounded by the enemy army slaughtering his forces?
I saw an interview where he answered this: He would like to be Tyrion but in reality he would be Samwell probably.
Sand snakes only second to Olly in hate. That should tell them something
My side! Your side! My side! Your side!
really cool!
The US flag is not unique in that respect. Oh and this: http://i.imgur.com/xMeCt39.gif
Personally, I hate nothing more than when they do an acoustic version of a heavy song I wanted to hear live at full force.
This may be the only question in this thread I have not seen him asked about already.
Everyone lives till the end of their story
It could work pretty well actually http://i.imgur.com/3xdvooU.jpg
I wish this would happen to the 'food babe'
Thanks for the reply and good luck with your situation. She is going to a MRI tomorrow so hopefully we will know more.
Get an apartment with 2 single girls and a conservative landlord. Make friends with the womanizer who also has an apartment there. Then wait for the wacky misunderstandings to happen every day.
We can rebuild him. We have the technology. Better, stronger, faster.
I see your secret ISIS message at the bottom. You are not fooling anyone!
Well they are pretty much just normal goggles with a logo change and higher price tag.
Original post https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3z7wxe/_/cyjzkkg
aaaand it's gone
&gt; The rest of Reddit is all procedurally generated nonsense. That does explain quite a bit.
We wouldn't have evolved to the point where we could ask that question without it. Society without morality falls apart quickly. Also natural selection favors it in humans.
Out of the frying pan, into the fire?
&gt; even for a fat fuck like you. Taking the high road I see
She's going to learn something that's for sure: http://i.imgur.com/Pg7WtBy.png
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cLq7q8209E
It's hard to remember the rules when you are in the "I fucked up and am going to die driving off a cliff" panic mode.
Beaten by an hour but oh well .. http://i.imgur.com/YUjg2Gi.jpg 1920x1080
What a guy!
http://i.imgur.com/X4q2qLw.jpg
Amazing that this is still up after all these years http://www.tunnelsnakes.com/
Seriously, we have everything in Washington. Ocean to the west, mountains in the middle, desert in the east, and nuclear waste in the south. What more could you want?
Fallout 4: The digital hoarder edition
Chinese drone maker unveils solution to over population problems.
no action = cuffing the blacks
[but men never suffer from domestic violence!](https://hequal.wordpress.com/2016/01/07/bairds-police-website-doesnt-provide-a-single-support-resource-for-male-victims-of-domestic-abuse-shes-twitter-blocking-such-organisations-instead/)
Don't worry, someone from the UK will be here to remind us how backwards we are soon.
...and people wonder why you should be against GMO labeling.
Finally! http://i.imgur.com/5E0DC3n.jpg
It reminds people who are not in ISIS just how insane the people in ISIS are at least. Definitely not worth the price of this woman's (or anyone's) life.
Right. You got the quad, it's time to move on.
Instead let's blame America for a Canadian(Somali?) gang in Canada shooting up a club.
&gt; godlike person who can fix everything That was supposed to have been Obama
[citation needed]
To these guys if you're not with them you are the enemy. No neutrals allowed.
I was sure from the title this was going to be one of those.
thanks this is my new goal in the game
http://i.imgur.com/GnHuK5E.jpg
I have noticed this too but it seems more like a black thing rather than a female one. I don't think I have seen any other race doing it on video or in person.
Gunpowder, gelatine Dynamite with a laser beam Guaranteed to blow your mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYv7qSDIRRY
Johnson identified and in hand. Send backup
but he has a raging clue at least
It's simple. If you're a sheep herder and a snake is killing your sheep, you just need to have the snake get sued for sexual misconduct…
Gold for all?
&gt; I don't think I'm going to make it through the week Apparently you're not the only one.
[Cloud city Leia FTW](http://i.imgur.com/lyU3NmV.jpg)
is F for facebook?
He didn't believe in it hard enough for it to work. Don't make the same mistake!
We probably wouldn't eat and breathe through the same hole for one.
Never take the headset off away from the access point!
Not really, people just group them that way to add superstition or religion to the reality of death. There really are no patterns. People just die and some of them happen to be celebrities around the same age.
Yay, a joke for us old farts. Suck it millennials!
They tuk er jerbs!
This says everything you need to know about how messed up this religion is.
There are ways to get it back
assume the position!
And there are people who still claim video games are not art. Thanks for the review I will have to check this one out.
Respect her leadership choices!
This is me too. I love the weird looks I get at the grocery store when I buy 4 12 packs of soda and several bags of groceries yet manage to fit them on my bike somehow for the ride home.
No Altered Beast?
r/talkingwithsubreddits
awwnexpected
Soon to have not only a name but a 50 book backstory series ending with the reveal he is related to one of the main characters somehow.
Only Americans care about folding? Xenophobic much?
But was it doing what it loved to do?
Thank god.. wait
They can't find one because the christian 'belief system' would get a doctor thrown in jail if they tried to apply it to their practice.
Every single American cop is a horrible corrupt person. (and most Americans in general)
What if he had slipped and ran straight into the cop?
Look up Blind Faith's first album. No way that would fly today.
We need closure!
There seems to be a lot of these videos around do flaming shots ever end well? What the hell do they expect will happen?
/r/tiresbeingbros
Bullshit, the sarcastic jokes are everywhere when that happens. Search google for "catholic priest" and the very first news article talks about molestation. Muslims do give many more opportunities though so you will see it more often.
Yeah Europe has never had a stupid or dangerous trend. What will these crazy Americans think up next?
A bunch of Malarkey I say
WTF does "I am working with kids in their 40's and SO's." even mean?
At least the Leet Dog tat came out ok
Ooo knife pic means it's time to cash in her relatives tragedy for some likes!
The practice continues today I was on one of the Disney cruise ships a couple of years ago and it had 2 smoke stacks but only one of them was used. The other was a video game room.
From the court documents. SJW's need to pay attention: "To subscribe to Twitter and keep your account open is to waive your right to privacy in your tweets. Arranging a meeting or social event using tweets other than direct messages is like inviting strangers into your home or onto your phone line while you talk to your friends. Blocking only goes so far, as long as you choose to remain open."
Supervisors on vacation this week.
And people think gas has a bad taste when you get a mouthful trying to steal it.
I hate it when people fail to use their horse blinkers.
It's great when she loses at the end to it.
Isn't that always the case no matter what happens?
I agree 90's cars are the best of everything. You get reliability over 200k most of the time and they are still simple enough to work on yourself. If it breaks too bad junk it and buy another. The newest vehicle I own is a 2000 and it has the most problems out of them all.
arroyooo
Plenty here in WA
Nugs make everything better. Fact!
I will not be aggravated!!!
Women pirate all their games obviously.
Actually ALL objects have gravity. Put 2 dice near each other in space with nothing around them and they will eventually be drawn together.
They probably wanted it dead. And called the right place.
No extra 'u' so probably not.
Is saying 'bless you' really an American thing?
Once your media is allowed to report them you mean.. I think you guys are way past the first victim at this point.
&gt; Canada has laws that protect you Unless you disagree with the wrong people on twitter.
Obi Juan won Juan
http://i.imgur.com/gZQHPAq.jpg
Should be, not are. WTF Europe?
But what charge will she have on her permanent record for defending herself?
It was ripped in half after getting hit by a SUV and then the half with the person got hit by a taker truck who then lost steering and hit a guard rail. That's some final destination shit.
It's the only thing good about religious nuts, most are too stupid to pull something off without getting caught.
It's not too difficult. The ones who carry legally *usually* are not the ones committing crimes with them. There are of course exceptions.
While at the same time considering themselves experts.
If you think this guy is crazy look what he recorded across the street from his house: http://i.imgur.com/N1uQdDd.png
http://i.imgur.com/N1uQdDd.png it's not crazy when it's true
but I get free shipping with Amazon prime
It's a DSLR on a steady cam rig with a monitor. It could be thermal, IR, or just normal. Either way someone is watching him with very specialized and expensive equipment.
Instructions unclear....
Yeah you are missing something.. From the post above: &gt; Here's what I see actually trademarked: &gt; Teens React [Registered - 4371580] &gt; Kids React [Registered- 4248447] &gt; Elders React [Registered - 4371581] &gt; Fine Brothers Entertainment &gt; Adults React &gt; Parents React &gt; React ---- (Yes, seriously, just the word in a given context... I can't imagine this will hold) &gt; Celebrities React &gt; Do They Know It? &gt; Lyric Breakdown &gt; People vs. Technology &gt; Try Not to Smile or Laugh So can I go trademark "let's plays" like this?
Yay a fellow '79er. Ill trade ya my tail lights for a good pair of trailing arms. :)
What about Taco Bell makes in not Mexican?
I have made my own burritos that look similar when opened. What should they look like?
Intelligent design argument?
Ah, suicide by cop then
"lost in evidence"
The guy was still murdered in his own home despite who did it it's not really a non-story.
Probably nothing if pirates ate what they serve.
Meeeee... meeeee!!!!
https://youtu.be/SGP6Y0Pnhe4?t=846
[Seriously do they think this is all faked as well?](https://youtu.be/SGP6Y0Pnhe4?t=846)
It's another failed MS os from the 90's
Watch it you are infringing on a trademark there.
Was he not smart enough to realize people would think it looks like a bomb?
That's amazing!
Why did that clock blow up?
Eh, close enough
Hell afterlife is best afterlife Edit: I mean **Hell**
But the alternative is Hillary Clinton. Get informed all you want but it's not going to make that option look any better.
But Daavos got his sons killed attacking Kings Landing for a horrible dad Stannis.
His son might disagree http://i.imgur.com/7vPraAF.jpg
Sadly as of S6 she has yet to do anything with them that changes anything in Westeros.
Imagine the difference if they opened S2 with Drogo and Danny landing in Westeros. Status of wooden horses 5 years later: Firewood
But what if she DID teach him and he is trolling all of us with a master plan only he and his mom know about.
Hopefully the first of many
When the group controlling the election wants you to win votes happen.
Larger ones work great for ipad sized devices. You can even use them while they are in the bag. Edit: withworkwhatev
In other words no Hillary discussion allowed. Almost worth it.
Fun fax fact is that it was invented 11 years BEFORE the telephone in 1865! Edit: your subscription to fun fax facts is permanent.
How is this not on /r/holdmybeer ? Edit: oops it is.
Dammit Butters!
Since Rush isn't touring anymore I voted for Waters and Gilmore. I would fly to Rio to see that happen.
And here is the top 10 reasons we are in a hell of a lot of trouble..
No, that is Trump http://i.imgur.com/3o3Ih7C.png
This is how Derren Brown claimed he predicted the lottery numbers.
We're not ready for him. We hopefully will be after a couple of Hillary or Trump terms.
shh.. the hive has spoken
It must be like a lie detector where you need test questions with known answers to calibrate the machine.
So the only difference between cake flour and regular is measuring wrong?
Bucket! Now!
Nope http://www.vox.com/2016/6/2/11837608/elon-musk-simulation-argument
As far as I can tell Robert and Selmy may have been the only main characters left alive who were at the trident and Barristan was mortally wounded at the conflict so we only have Roberts version of the story to go by.
I used it (probably wrong) to mean he would have died from his wounds if he wasn't immediately treated with life saving methods. The story is he was brought before Robert nearly dead (most likely unconscious) and Robert provided his personal Maester to save his life.
Agreed. I like the thought that some of the unquestioned stories from their history could be completely wrong. At every turn the series shows how poorly they are at recording history accurately.
True but it was just his side of the story maybe he got the meaning of 'burn them all' completely wrong and acted. What if Bran was the one telling the mad king to burn them all and he was repeating it? Bran may have drove him insane from the beginning.
We need a GOT/Holy Grail crossover series
The sad thing is they do both worship the same god it's just the details they are killing each other over.
Maybe for young earth creationists
Considering the thousands of wights chasing them he must have done this at some point for hours/days.
Oyster knife
There hasn't been a political reason to yet. Once there is something to gain you can bet she will Edit: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/04/21/hillary-pac-spends-1-million-to-correct-commenters-on-reddit-and-facebook.html
Once you open the time travel door you can't close it
Remember this before reading this thread: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/04/21/hillary-pac-spends-1-million-to-correct-commenters-on-reddit-and-facebook.html
post in /r/KotakuInAction and find out :) Also the_donald ban people who post in Saders subs
What is dead may never die
It's a better scenario than Hillary winning at least
They only know what they are paid to know.
This is kind of OT but does anyone think it's possible Gendry can forge Valyrian steel since he learned blacksmithing from one of the only people who can? Maybe he can bring back Ice at some point.
Better Nate than lever
You're not wrong a cool mill buys a lot of reddit http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/04/21/hillary-pac-spends-1-million-to-correct-commenters-on-reddit-and-facebook.html
That's why they use PAC's, so they can deny the candidate did it when things get uncovered. (and to get around campaign donation limits of course). Hillary is currently burning through at least a million dollars worth of paid shills on here. And that is just what she has been caught at so far.
And that is about the same biblical knowledge of the average Christian.
I meant if he got a hold of Oathkeeper and Widows Wail somehow he might be able to recombine them into Ice for John to wield.
Damn I think you are right. Sam is smart I bet he will have it made into arrow tips or other small weapons to increase the number of Valyrian weapons available to fight the others with.
Why would you assume just because they are acting horrible they are male?
land of a thousand nopes
All religions were designed to control people and keep them in place.
Holy shit NASA *and* Satan? Sign me up!
Who gives a crap Japan *should* defend themselves from NK even with nukes. I guess I don't get why be backpedaled on it.
Not really. It's a job: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/04/21/hillary-pac-spends-1-million-to-correct-commenters-on-reddit-and-facebook.html
inflammable white hair!
I thought it was a dire wolf because Benjen is a Stark. How did the hound get in this?
“Never forget what you are, for surely the world will not. Make it your strength. Then it can never be your weakness. Armour yourself in it, and it will never be used to hurt you.” ― George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones
We all live in a computer simulation
I found an alternate Targaryan one http://i.imgur.com/pGmEfGo.jpg
With the new automated driving tech appearing I predict within a couple of years someone will.
I hope Cercei dies first just as a fuck you to the prophesy.
Here he Stannis
Worth it
But how else would she tune into Jazz FM?
It's the Glenn dumpster scene all over again
Confirmed! Lady Gaga is faceless man.. or something
The price for kings blood is getting expensive though
Waif killed Jaquen disguised as Arya while disguised as the old lady from the face hall. At this point they don't even know who killed who. When faceless men fight shit gets confusing fast.
This is the only question that needs to be answered: "Is it never ok to design a character that would want to wear such clothing?" AGG: Never ProGG: Do what you want. Let the artist decide.
&gt; The 'advice' offered to women is to basically become shut-ins in order not to get raped. Don't go out, don't drink, don't do anything I have never seen this advice given and that sounds insane. Do you have an example?
Not too surprising really. They are still burning through that million dollars worth of shills on here: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/04/21/hillary-pac-spends-1-million-to-correct-commenters-on-reddit-and-facebook.html
...aaand it's deleted. Not helping quell the conspiracy theories there.
That's exactly how it works now.
Thanks I got $10-25 apparently coming from 10 years ago Edit: My mom has something they claim is over $100 from before I was born and I'm old
/r/multiverseproblems
When /r/lifehacks becomes /r/humblebrag
I realized recently that Danerys doesn't even know about them yet. She still thinks the battle is against Tommens forces.
&gt; and we see him ride a horse and the apparatus for a reason. Wow you're completely right. There is even a scene that points out how skilled Tyrion is at designing the saddles when he makes the plans for Bran's horse.
Nah, that position belongs to Ser Pounce https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7sh3rG96Ew
Isn't that the point of /r/atheism ? Try /r/DebateAnAtheist if you want a discussion.
Some variation of this has been posted almost daily to the southpark sub. Usually by the person selling them
This is a basic belief for Christians that actually follow that bible. Most religions have similar points and should be treated the same.
Sadly, the fact that kid was the son of another cop is probably why.
This is how the books explain it pretty much if I remember right. Arya even practices in a mirror with no mask.
Personally I like the outlandish theories because they are the most likely to not be true in the series but are fun to think about between eps/seasons.
Jaime was born holding onto her foot supposedly so that gave more credit to the theory showing their connection was severed or something.
Maybe Syrio is/was a former faceless man and on the run from them for some reason (maybe mirroring Arya).
and the crazier the better (for both)
It did seem like in that scene Davos was paying him for more than ferry service.
If that ends up being true that would be awesome. There are signs that GRRM will go that route too.
She was just a wight not a full ww. White Walkers are only created from babies (that we have seen so far anyway)
Sam has it in old town and blows it just out of curiosity to see if it works and unintentionally destroys the wall without knowing.
Obama has been fairly hands off but the media said he was getting ready to endorse her before every key primary race even though it was never true. So thanks to the media he still had an impact on Sanders.
It's the difference between Bernie and Hillary. One supports the establishment while the other doesn't.
GRRM has said that once the series is finished there would be no need for a prequel. I think the reason is all of the stories of the rebellion are incorrect and the truth will be revealed as the series progresses.
I think you have to also code the site with a potato for it to work https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHonbXhiG1Y
Seattle area here with 1 hour minimum commute each way if I pay a $10 toll. Twice that without paying. Yes, some people here pay up to $400 a month to save commute time.
They just doubled down on this scam. Screw you Oklahoma I will be adding you to places to never visit.
Bullshit it can be used on any card they just claim they will only target prepaid ones
When it was just cash people were like "meh". Now that they can hit bank cards hopefully the outrage will stop this crap.
Negan will Lucile her
It's not his fault he is just playing within the rules set by her(the establishment).
I need someone to analyze my family history and tell me what cultures I am allowed take from.
Milo give no fucks that's why I love him
She should have played it off as a counter prank
I just realized the circus would probably be more rewarding and pay more than my current position.
Yes, this guy claimed to be a the norm on The_Donald, but my neighbor (who is a The_Donald user) has nothing to do with this kind of thinking.
Yep and it should be treated with the same disgust. It doesn't make the Muslim religion any better though pointing out other ones are bad too.
aww.. she got one outta me
I am The Hound, destroyer of fan theories
I thought it was misspelled harleys and was disappointed in the lack of biker gangs.
I think Varys will kill Pycell and Kevan as in the books but Cercei will inadvertently kill Tommen with wild fire. http://i.imgur.com/DJgecup.gif
Correlation does not imply causation
For Washington state that is the point you no longer have to do emission testing and can get collector plates in order to not pay for tabs so that's at least 2 less violations you can get tickets for.
It asked for a ride home.. http://southpark.cc.com/clips/155145/a-whale-on-the-moon
The stupid thing about it is the 'abortions' were not even real in the game universe.
The 98 Battlezone that combined perfectly RTS and FPS. There is a remaster of it that was released recently but I made the mistake of also buying Kerbal Space Program at the same time. It may be a while before I play it.
Voila, anxiety
Walk it off and see an actor in the morning. They will sew up those (plot)holes.
His timing needs work
..says the person using what the media is feeding them to form an opinion on what people are thinking.
Where is the media coverage and police escort Anita got?
Drogo got something close with a little help from the witch.
Valor carghulis
Great, now we can't talk about it on here
We drink and we pillage and we do what we please We get all that we want for free We’ll kick your ass And rape your lass Somalian pirates we
Well 8 was fairly unbelievable with that Arya getting stabbed stuff so it makes sense.
They got em. The secret will never be revealed
I couldn't even get them to retrieve my stolen camera lens posted on craigs list being white. My guess is your dad needs to be the cop for this to happen.
The first hit isn't misleading at all /s http://i.imgur.com/6RQlH6j.png
One of the best I have seen on here
But most of the theories were better than what actually happened.
I think the scene right before that where she is shown waiting in the dark for the waif is what threw people off. She went from that to 'fuck it' in one scene so the only thing that would make sense is if it was not her or she was laying a trap for the waif.
But then think about the fact that Twitter DID help them.
Hopefully those small pieces of information are worth trading for whoever they recruit.
One more percent and Hillary no longer won Cali by 'double digits' at least.
It could spur someone to take action when they would have just prayed otherwise so I would say the drawing does a lot more to help than nothing(prayer alone).
A redditor has no name
Good 'news' after the damage they did this election
Has anyone tested the water at Mizzou for lead yet?
That's not even true it was Tyson that said it was correctly pear shaped. Bobbie is a flat earther.
Must be nice mine are 11 or so if I add in my commute for 8 hours of pay.
So it begins http://theslot.jezebel.com/senate-votes-to-require-women-to-register-for-the-draft-1782031229
Now we know why he left.
http://i.imgur.com/6yZaMiO.png
How is it better than this? Genuinely curious because to me this looks like it took more effort.
Weird, in the Northwest US it's used all the time: https://www.google.com/search?q=cinema+seattle
I imagine lots of people who are not into auto racing don't realize how much of a team sport it is. There are so many variables that can lose a race despite how well the driver performs and that is a part of what makes it exciting to watch.
We better get to see frankenmountain destroy some of these guys before the season ends.
Reminds me of this :) http://i.imgur.com/oMk4uIo.png
Or in a fist fight with a Gorn
I don't know about the book but I am near the same age and seriously considering doing what he did.
Yay another phobia to add to my growing list thanks to reddit
As a guitar player I think I would rather lose an eye than a hand. I could still see with one and it would give me an excuse to wear a eye patch.
He has people willing to pay him to perform so I say more power to him.
Unless you are actually referring to someone with a disability I fail to see the bigotry. It's just a insult equating to stupid.
All 3 are from the same religion so yeah.
We have no obligation to coddle idiotic beliefs although some on the left would love nothing more than to change that.
Twist: They did this because Negan actually kills all of them in the premiere.
I don't think Atheist means what you think it means.
Do they have any punishments that are NOT death?
I'm ok guys.. http://i.imgur.com/eV9J1z7.png
http://www.theonion.com/video/new-marijuana-study-says-everyone-knows-youre-high-35386
I know it's grown on cantaloupe but is it really that easy? Cool if so. Edit: googing around apparently it is and you can also grow it on oranges and bread.
Gates loves em https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppDWD3VwxVg
When the world becomes one country Japan will be our theme park.
He should have stopped before doing the untimely death.
Don't let George Lucas design your buildings
Slipknot can always use more percussion
I thought it was via singing telegram http://www.metalsucks.net/2014/10/01/joey-jordison-claims-fired-slipknot-via-singing-telegram/
The ads are evolving
WTF is the Kraken people keep referring to on here?
[I need to pee first!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercury-Redstone_3#Flight)
I was born too late for the first round and too early for the 2nd.
Remindmykids! 53 years
Yep Van Halen is 'classic rock' now.
The irony being they made themselves on reusing stories out of copyright.
What is Jeb may never die but reloads again harder and stronger.
They just need Donkey Kong to complete the set
Ah bitcoin again
Quaithe needs to get in on this too somewhere
Gore/Hillary Clinton supporters take notes
I saw him in a small venue in Seattle with his S.M.F. band and they were awesome. He would not do encores he said it was stupid and egotistical to hide behind stage and then come back out so they would just play everything up front. And I remember his into for 'destroyer' "This isn't the heaviest song ever recorded... but it's fucking close"
Remember rock and roll was once considered 'black music'
They should want the same tax rate for everyone. No tax breaks, everyone pays the same percent.
Ads for things I like for some reason make me like them a little less.
This right here is why people are against GMO labeling.
Sorry all, I shouldn't have added something political even as a joke https://youtu.be/q610U9W6sBQ?t=51
He was pretty helpless at Terminus too until Carol http://i.imgur.com/g2jaPIh.jpg
I was thinking the same. He and Geeze made Ozzy what he is (musically)and are very underrated by the general public.
True it's been a while since I saw that ep and forgot that point. I should really watch it again because that scene was one of the few in this series that actually made me feel sick watching it. The coldness of the termites slaughtering people for food was so well done. Maybe the best non comic thing they have done yet.
God save the zie zim zir zis zieself sie sie hir hirs hirself ey em eir eirs eirself ve ver vis vers verself tey ter tem ters terself e em eir eirs emself
That's ableist!
I believe that is John DiMaggio who also does Bender among many others.
According to people who only get data points from reddit
If only there was a shot of Rickon shooting a bow
That is the exact argument people use to prove the christian bible is true. It says so right here!
That's the quickest way to get more atheists so I support it. There is some fucked up shit in that book.
But when bad information claims to be from a book written by a god it should be questioned.
So, what is it?
I just did that with the capybara. Never heard of it a week ago now they are all over my front page. And I want one(but quickly learned they are way too high maintenance).
Thanks for not ignoring her for our entertainment.
Is that the Queen of Thorns sigil on the back?
My fiance complained when I got her the biggest singe rock I could afford that it was getting caught on things and annoying. At least she gave it back when it ended.
So the same as always
LSD and shrooms it is then!
Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. Staying in the EU sucks time and matter out of the universe: a Brexit returns it.
They even called what she was wearing "provocative".
When you need an emergency smooth move you channel the master.
I thought no but this season he has not really done anything underhanded except influencing Robin to help Sansa and that turned out to be good (so far). I have no idea at this point.
I just realized "The Dragon has 3 Heads" might refer to Jon's army, Daenerys army, and the others in a 3 way war instead of Danny having 3 dragonriders.
Danny is the QUEEN WITH THE DWARF!!!
This does look familiar now http://i.imgur.com/Aq916nn.jpg
They even landed in a pool of wildfire. Upping their game I see.
She was playing the game just as much as everyone else marrying 3 different people trying to be queen and openly mocked Cercei. She should have remembered The Rains of Castamere (a little sooner).
Now that she lost her family and probably her lover does she have any intentions left?
I actually heard people complaining about it but personally it blew me away.
Actually I can see her blaming it on a failed assassination attempt by Tyrion on her. She got the warning at the last minute and didn't have time to save anyone but herself and King Tommen. She is a hero!
Olenna is coming. And hell is coming with her
http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/The_Ice_Dragon
Most handguns are designed for two handed firing too
Shouldn't that contraption show us why the seasons are messed up?
Did you win the Top Gear challenge? That gas mileage improvement is impressive though I can see why semis are doing this now.
No.. No http://i.imgur.com/iEHHlt4.jpg
I just realized how close Hillarys political career is to Cerseis. Very creepy. Bill was like Robert too.
If she lands in Dorne, as many speculate she will, things will go downhill fast the further north she goes. Her best bet is to land at the wall or in White Harbor but she is unaware of the white walker threat right now. I have a feeling things are not as rosy as they appear to be for the armada heading to Westeros.
I get the feeling some of you have given up on the gravy. http://i.imgur.com/3yskEj1.jpg
I was hoping the season would end in King's Landing with it just starting to snow there.
Haha perfect! The lion still has pies
Also poisoned by it's enemies http://i.imgur.com/JGQZsWV.jpg
Quit fucking rushing through the plot then. Actually I would be happy to have the put it on hold for a few years and let GRRM finish the final book before they make another episode. He will write more than enough for them to get a few more full good seasons out of the material.
The winter is going to be a rude awakening for Danny's forces. I don't think she has even seen snow before.
Yep, their treatment of Hillary is what inspired me to make this.
I agree with everything you said I think. You could also compare it to Perl Harbor but with Goebbels(Qyburn) controlling the press. It started as a joke but I can see her really doing something like this to rally what is left of the crownlands to her side. Is she even aware that Danny is on her way to fuck her shit up and Jon is the King in the North?
You are probably right I used Tyrion since he is known by the people for being accused of killing the King(Joffery) already and knew how to use wildfire. (in the books he even trained troops on how to use it by making them fire empty pots then lamp oil before giving them the real stuff)
Yep Ol Bronn got knighted for Blackwater and all he did was hit the "go" button on Tyrion's plan. Tywin wasn't about to let the people know the truth.
DING!!!! http://i.imgur.com/0Yz2BYF.gif
See? This is all they had to do to make people happy
I am thinking of the worse case if the wall fell and the dead were unleashed on the north everybody will be heading for Dorne. She may not need to leave King's Landing at all.
Tywin didn't even know who she was when she worked for him (although he knew she was highborn).
What does GRRM have to say about it?
Take his coat and deport his family
I have seen a theory that twins were actually born that day. I don't think it will happen but you never know.
Can wildfire burn dragons?
Ding motherfucker http://i.imgur.com/0Yz2BYF.gif
a lion still has claws, And mine are long and sharp, my lord
He never did find the breast plate stretcher
Tyrion: http://i.imgur.com/7drHiqr.gif
I am honestly curious to see how Jaime reacts because the last scene they had together is when he swore they would take back everything and more. Cersei definitely did that.
Little birds were spotted in the grassy knoll and leaving the wildfire depository right before the explosion!
your data asplode
They chose to confirm Jon's father this way instead of on the show? WTF?
If women find is sexy then why not? I am thinking they won't though.
Agree.. looking at you Farcry. Loot or switch weapon? Why not both!
It's made from flameprotardant [polymascotfoamalate](https://youtu.be/1WFgMOXl4v0?t=214)
So, perfect for the Targs
No Ygrittes!
Let's see how she is at the end. I have a feeling she is going to see some shit before this is over.
I think of it as the Darth Vader effect. They are so good at being bad you can't help liking them at least a little.
You just proved the point they were making
Should we tolerate this intolerance of the intolerance? I am not sure at this point
I made flags for most of the GOT houses if you want em http://imgur.com/a/hQhPc
She laid the smack down so hard I felt sorry for them.. briefly
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ZlIz0q8aWpA/hqdefault.jpg
Cersei too. The hound knows some mean women.
The Frey pie thing was completely shoehorned in there. The book of course did it much better but they cut so much they couldn't do it that way. A shame really since if they actually used all the material in the books they wouldn't be coming up short on episodes now.
That was my favorite Olenna line from this season. Cersei's reaction too. You can see the hope draining from her face because she knows it's all true.
I did love how they got the book story of how he wanted a dragon as a kid in that scene. I just happened to be reading that chapter the same day the episode aired.
Fire /= wildfire though
If these 2 get together in a scene before this ends I can die a happy man.
She needs to hook up with the [caterpillar mustache](http://i.imgur.com/ttIatJG.gif) guy
The Rains also could be foreshadowing what Cersei did to the Faith Militant in the last episode. They also rebelled against the Lannisters and suffered the same fate.
I played the first one through completely twice but for some reason I couldn't get into the 2nd one. I bought the last one a while ago but never installed it.
Holy shit, angelfire still exists?
