yes, the bill mollison designers manual plus edible forest gardens contains more information than every other permaculture book combined. especially for the temperate area you are in
budget? indoor outdoor?
pushing people to trump
a hobby with positive economic outcome for me personally.
Many people dont realize that ag lease rates are incredibly low and much cheaper than purchasing on payments.
maine is short season and needs a lot of land for growing fuel wood. most of the soil is infertile as well
as long as the gulf stream doesnt screw up ireland is choice.
3 acres will keep you busy and well fed. Once you get everything running smooth you can just start working way less hours at a "real job" because you dont need to work for others to get basic necessities. and considering you make drugs you may retire early
have you ever pooed in the streets though, its so worth it
This is like 90% of the native forest in puna district
they had the tubes sitting in open feces right before putting them in the tanks
one would think that but if food prices become too high for the 1st world lower classes there may still be turmoil. EBT cards were shut off and it caused some small riots in the usa already i think.
This is a good point which can lead people to the strategy of decommoditifying their products by selling not just X commodity but instead Free range organic grassfed sustainable nutrient density enhanced bird friendly shade grown fair trade X .
all these people would have the land around them immediately purchased by foreign corporations and these rednecks would be minimum wage slaves for the "orientals"
i concur
i dont understand what your saying. please clarify
who is saying 10degrees 100 meter sea level rise? how did i misrepresent skepticism?
i brilliant, u dumber
how am i misrepresenting the position of skeptics?
10 degrees Fahrenheit is the **lowest** estimate of the 2100 ipcc BAU scenario. What are you talking about when you say it isnt reasonable.
Business as usual gets us 8.5 *Celsius* according to the conservative ipcc. that is MUCH hotter than 10 Fahrenheit
your a silly little troll
What is your budget?
if they took the lower end of the ipcc business as usual scenario they would still be showing major warming
Did anyone notice this baby looks exactly like bill burr
Y did it ruin for U?
( ))IIIIIIIIID ~~~
ANAL TENDIES!?!
WE HAAVE OLD JOKE IN MY MOTHER COUNTRY. STALIN HAD THE TOP SCIENTISTS MAKE HALF APE HALF HUMAN, THIS IS HOW WE GET GORBECHEV! HHAHAHAAAAHA
they just need to pull themselves up by the bootstraps ive been told. My bootstraps are defective, I keep pulling but still no startup capital appears.
saudi arabia has enough foreign exchange reserves to go 4-5 years without even borrowing money. commodity prices dropping and bubbles popping is hardly a new phenomenon to industrial civilization.
A economic crash is really just people reducing their ecological footprint involuntarily. There is no reason we cant have a good ol' economic crash and still keep on going with the whole system anyway, i dont see the whole system falling apart. edit: i do see the whole system falling apart.just not anytime soon or from a mere greatest depression.
suppose a lack of credit could make things grind to a standstill but it would most likely be a temporary crisis because someone will see the opportunity to provide credit for massive interest rates and goods will ship again with the now much higher cost of credit access priced into the goods. unless the temporary standstill period creates enough social chaos and cascading destruction.
hillary is pure elite puppet. people are hoping trump is too stupid and stubborn to be a puppet
primitivism is just the way anarchism will look if people dont have to allow their landbase to be logged, mined, and monocropped. The high level of technological complexity we currently live in is dependent upon the coercion to access those resources tech needs. All anarchism is primitivism its just that anarchists that apply other adjectives to the end of Anarcho- dont have the detailed understanding of the dependency structure of our technological level on coercion. So your right, all anarchism wants to stop coercion and kicking indigenous people off the land. Im right because the end result is everyone saying no to environmental toxification in their own bioregion. Most tech is dependent on resource extraction, most resource extraction is environmentally destructive, people dont allow the destruction in their own area without coercion. The technologies that can emerge without coercion may be significantly more advanced than bows and arrows, this level of tech is still compatible with primitivism.
said elliot roger
its still funny because of all the cowards that let those economic relations exist instead of having a revolution.
The ppt makes infinite ammo
i bet there is a rap song about it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRLb-J-Fu2Y
there is no limit to the amount of ammo just its effectiveness since pumping too much in makes inflation
my families retirement accounts are lottery tickets and broken dreams
My dad is 62 has a broken back from working hard labor his whole life and he shot 3 deer and one pig in the last 2 weeks. Traded meat for help dragging animals. i figure i can do the same shit my white trash family has been doing since appalachia and the rust belt. living off the land and hustlin however we can. im building social capital, connections and people that love me . When peoples retirement accounts are bailing in the banks we will just be trading garden produce for mechanic work or wild boar for canning jars. If you live in a small town rural area like 35% of the people have no employment but they all wheel and deal and trade, somehow everyone stays alive. Its weird. We did plumbing work building irrigation for a big garden in trade for use of about half of that persons 3 acre garden for ourselves still using it 10 years later. Grew more veggies than i can eat, i donated so much to "food not bombs" that we fed as much as 100 bums in a single day fresh veggies. a bunch of veggies went to seed and i saved them all and have been trading them for all kinds of stuff. I figure once im old if no one cares enough about me to help me out i am pretty fine with just dying in the bush.
im not a failure, ive succeeded at living the high life and your concept of me deserving punishment is twisted and psycho.
how do "irresponsible americans drag you down."
what?
for free with a broken bottle
there are ways of allocating your wealth to assets that arent vulnerable to "poof its gone" scenarios.
Stop paying taxes! then Stop complaining about it. People didnt consent to this fucked up corporate/military-welfare social structure. Just because your too weak to break free from the system and suffer because of it doesnt mean other people should be punished for not contributing to that fucked up system.
you can own hard assets like land and businesses. I makes way over 100%apy interest on my investments. last month i bought a scooter for $800 on craigslist then resold it for $1500 in less than 2 weeks. you can do stuff like this and get way higher returns than the stock market. i have plenty of strategy, i havent worked a real job in eleven years. i retired when i was 24 years old
And on occasion it accomplishes a better more just society.
It may or may not be what saves us as a species but it certainly could bring long term benefits. Ask a Romanian who lived under Ceausescu if the revolution was worth it.
Non-violence doesnt work against psychopaths.
I dont get what your point is. How is deposing a dictator a short term benefit?
/s
explain.
lol
energetic density problems. to increase social and technological complexity you have to increase net total energy inputs to the system. lets say we took the the number of gigajoules energy into the system and increased it with renewables above fossil depletion rate, you still have the problem of conversion innefficiencies to forms useful to transportation.
Ive been what i would call a "doomer realist" since 1997. Humans are going to go through a major bottleneck this century with some chance of a cascading breakthrough state change i would call collapse. I think we may muddle through the bottleneck with severe standard of living declines for your common man but have no "collapse". I would put the odds of decline:collapse probability as 50-50 as best case scenario. After we voluntarily decrease our population to reasonable levels in the next century, asssuming we pass the bottleneck without collapse, we should have it made. im expecting collapse to hit in africa by mid 2030s and work its way up.
This is wrong. here is an example: Oil costs $60 to extract from this shale here, the market price is $30, we are extracting it at breakneck pace because we already hedged through the futures market at $90 per barrel for 2 years out. THE SPOT PRICE ISN'T THE PRICE PRODUCERS ARE RECEIVING IN MOST CASES. i've said this a thousand times but the wingnuts on this sub manage to forget everyday.
and that collapses civilization within a year because..?
Therefore, the RAND report suggests pre-emptive strikes and notes that “perhaps the best strategy for the United States and its allies to thwart a VC deployment would be to target those properties of a VC that would most increase its acceptance, most notably transaction anonymity, security, and availability.”
the economy seems to finally be doing better to me.
i was referring more to outright affluence decreases and population declines.
In many ways the modern economy functions by borrowing to perform everything from the most basic seed purchases to shipping commodities to funding average americans emergency deficit spending consumption. If we had a large enough cascasding financial liquidity crisis it could shut down these credit channels and cause everything to grind to a standstill for a while until a new distribution method was in place. The problem is whether everyone goes batshit and loots all the stores and burns everything down before the new distribution is put in place,in which case we could end up with actual breakdown of the physical systems required which would essentially be a collapse. Would this all happen overnight? NO, not likely. Look how fast the mortgage crisis ran its course in 2007 from the time lehmans became insolvent until it had spread through the financial sector. It takes days just for the information to spread through the system.
It seems like they could just do it all again and keep kicking the can down the road. Each time the catastrophe is averted it will become a bigger potential catastophe. Do you expect someone sitting on cash will find assets for bargain prices? like farmland?
people called this during that whole TPP trade thingy
not exactly, last time they printed all the money most of it never entered the economy and thus minimal inflation, the fed pays the banks to not let it go into the general economy currently
Animal agriculture?
what are you serious!?! when i bought those they were only a penny each
just the summary? The whole video was a summary
Explain yourself
Once upon a time there were billions of animals eating grass and it didnt destroy the environment. Now suddenly humans come along and you use some strange logic to shift the environmental destruction to grass eating animals.
Limits to growth -business as usual scenario
grass-finished beef had a favorable human edible feed efficiency ratio whether expressed in terms of energy (1.9 MJ/MJ edible energy in animal product) or protein (0.92 kg/kg edible protein in animal product) from the study. the study also doesnt account for many of the negative externalities or unsustainability of grain/soy monocultures.
&gt; My guess is that this is a prelude to another big QE. The scam is simple: get the plebs to divest and short via the megaphone media. The elite buys up assets cheap, and then pump the bubble with more money with their crony government. This is basically what's been going on for years, no sign that it will be different this time. This is a great way for an elite to liquidate a country. this
I had some cash saved and i would just find deals for old music equipment , cars and other random stuff on craigslist and garage sales and sell them on ebay or craigslist. I was making about 1200% APY interest with those investments just buy something for 100 sell for 200 in less than a month is crazy returns compared to the stocks and whatnot. you should look into doing stuff like that.
hanging people
It feels like the economy down here in texas just in the last 6 months or so finally recovered from the great recession. Time for the next crash.
epic funny
3 generations of offspring living in the family group at any time.....the white trash of the monkey kingdom
*"It would be awesome if we could just vote "NO" on the ballots and if the majority voted NO then they would just shut down that position"*
cool fallacy bro
what kind of mental disorders have you been diagnosed with? serious question
We can have infinite growth if growth is decoupled from physical reality, such as everyone on an iv drip for food, playing virtual reality lives in cockulus shiftVR^TM earning mad Skrill and buying hella custom VR mansions and lambo's
i know
i was talking realistic options not sci-fi
k
One thing about your argument is that horses economy was based on solar inputs for grass growth and humans mostly solar for food energy and wood for thermal, then we went to coal which is essentially fossilized sunlight with a high energy density, then oil with even higher density. If we end up with net total gigajoules of power decreasing the entire complex system has a state change/collapse so you are putting a lot of faith in us succeeding at fusion which is really about the only energy source that will allow us to maintain rising net gigajoules of energy into the dissipative system that is our economy. TL:DR The innovation argument wont fuel your prius, so it is just faith in vaporware
200k in gold seems excessive in this commodity rout, what percent of your portfolio is that. Instead of looking for **cheap** self reliant rural property, i would, if i were you look for QUALITY rural property and funnel some of that 200k into it. The productivity of a good piece of prime class 1 land with irrigation is the way to go versus extensive "cheap" land. Also in this deflationary environment you could potentially pick up land for pennies on the dollar since you are sitting on cash and wait for it. Especially if the credit system seizes up.
i was talking about farmland not inner city housing. Farmland has been in a bubble and now that farm commodities are going down all the people that have been purchasing land to capitalize at the high commodity prices are squeezed to make their land payments. Many will be going on the auction block this year or next. good luck if your aussie with that commodity export driven economic base
mumble mumble white people going extinct mumble mumble dysgenic mumble mumble r/european
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc7dca78-bb9e-11e5-a7cc-280dfe875e28.html?ftcamp=published_links%2Frss%2Fcompanies_banks%2Ffeed%2F%2Fproduct#axzz3xQooiFjb
yes ive recieved 3 already
do a lot of perennial berry crops because they produce fast and require way less labor than doing a huge market garden full of annuals.
Whats with these weird pro austerity shills i keep seeing posting very similar or identical "no austerity is not this its goood, this is cutting essential services" talk across multiple subs. These scares me into thinking there is already a concerted P.R. campaign out in full force propagandizing for the coming shitstorm of austerity that is about to hit as a result of this financial implosion.
bio-char-carbon that i was referring to is stable against microbial breakdown for many thousands of years and basically forever when buried
i dont think what you said makes sense, please elaborate.
hawaii is already the extinction capital of the world and now the dominant tree species ohia lehua is infected with a lethal fungus and the people are infected with dengue and zika. Kilauea was dumping lava towards the puna towns too.
what part of the island do you live on? are you in one of the subdivisions?
here and there
I think 30% of posts on this sub point to various means reversions as signs of impending doom. Im glad people point these reversions out for us to monitor but i wish people would see them and not issue firm statements about how this means everyone is going to die tomorrow.
heroin use shouldnt be punished
we lose soil at a stupendous rate using grain/soy moncultures while extirpating thousands of species
alex jones is right 3 times a day and crazy all times of the day.
shhHH!! the zeta reptillioids will hear you
10/10 would fap to this again
False. norman borlaug didnt use GMO's he used traditional breeding edit: downvoted for telling the truth
Im getting double current average gmo yields with conventional ag currently but my methods do not scale like the gmo/chem/monoculture/automated systems. So yes if you want less than 2% of the population engaged in agriculture gmo/chem/monoculture/automated systems are the way to go. at least until they finish off the rest of our topsoil.
maybe thats not pee maybe its the Clap. better get some penicillin
time delimited falsifiable predictions and causal chains would be nice too
backcrossing has been practiced for hundreds of years if not thousands. backcrossing is not transgenic/GMO
KEY DATES FOR THE TRUST FUNDS OASI DI OASDIa HI Year of peak trust fund ratio 2011 2003 2008 2003 First year outgo exceeds income excluding interest 2010 2005 2010 2021 First year outgo exceeds income including interest 2022 2009 2020 2023 Year trust funds are depleted 2035 2016 2034 2030
the only thing that's disappeared so far is "notional wealth" just the idea that a stock is worth more, they still control companies,countries and resources which is the only thing that matters.
I think the message here is very clear. WE DONT NEED ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTIONS! Species are put here by God. /s
there is less inequality in notional value which in effect is irrelevant compared to inequality in power and capital derived income. Think about it like this MoneyMakerCorp (MMC) is divided into 1000 shares, those share are valued at $15000 each and pay a dividend of $1000 per share per year. The richguy1 owns 500 shares richgal2 owns 250 shares and the other 250 shares are owned by 250 other people. Most people own No Stock and have to work to earn money and pay income taxes, around 25-39% of the money they make to taxes toiling 40+ hours a week. Now lets say we have a stock market crash where the price goes from $15000 per share to $10000 per share. The dividends can still be $1000 per share per year so they still make massive money from not working and have control of the company and to top it all off pay only 15% capital gains taxes instead of 25-39%. The losses are imaginary because they are mostly just price:earnings ratios changing but no realized losses occur to the wealthy unless they bought the stock at a higher price and sell it at a lower price.
reddit silver
producers get slaughtered but the oil reserves become capped wells waiting for higher prices in the hands of bigger companies
name a revolution that took place through the establishment. "if voting made a difference it would be illegal"
They can still do negative interest rates.
Or people would do the rational thing and radically transform the way society functions
*"It's why I get so pissed at young anarchist-slash-survivalist-slash-prepper-type women: if any political instability happens -even in an otherwise "civilized," forward-thinking and rationally governed society- one of the first things to go is a woman's agency and control over her own body."* three questions. .where does one encounter "anarchist/survivalist/prepper-type women" you make it seem like these are common enough to meet more than one in a lifetime? Why would womens agency and control be stripped in political instability? Couldnt women band together for mutual self-defense like any other group? I read there is cognitive bias to avoid thinking about terrible things, which makes humans give artificially low probabilities to negative events. If women see collapse=rape/slavery/loss of autonomy etc.. and men see collapse as more freedom and excitment or at least dont equate it with getting assfucked, do you think this may be the reason that this sub seems to be mostly males?
You mean to tell me that FOX news **isnt** fair and balanced?!
WOW thanks for taking the time to type all of that. I think in many more secular parts of the country womens self defense squads could take out the bad apples pretty quick and be very successful. Whereas places in the bible belt would be more equivalent to those islamic countries you mentioned. Get a gun. what part of the country do you live in?
r/collapsefiction
im trying
the relevant difference is republican elites have an active hatred towards nature and see the economy as primary. Whereas the democrats are mostly indifferent towards the environment but dont actively harbor hatred towards it.
SEE you guys corporations are good!
subsidies, tax breaks and regulatory capture make walmart have prices that are impossible in a free market and without the uneven distorted playing field local business could have been competitive.
Local stores didnt get the subsidies and tax breaks
just say "your mom" after every sarcastic thing, especially if their mom is dead
free market capitalism where markets are unfree and distorted by massive government/corporate collusion that has no correlation with what the general populace desires. good job.
there are situations like this where the stores leave and the cities depopulate.
mom and pop stores have the proper scale for the population of a small town. walmart may not receive enough business to work there but ma' n' pa' still did until low prices from subsidized corporate welfare monsters priced them out
explain how these magical elite enclaves would work?
If i remember the industrial output inflection was around now but the population inflection was 20 or more years later
fill in the details. what technology?
or the cops send it to the wrong address because they made a typo.
there are so many comment like this that are completely serious i dont even know if this is sarcasms
r/fiction
u/kulmthestatusquo 1. Crazy idea about something based on unfounded assumptions. 2. Historical anecdote taken out of context, 3. use number 2 to posit some generalizable concept. 4. Therefore elites will escape collapse and save humanity via singularity. OR therefore elites wont save humanity via singularity. 5. make new post daily with roughly same pattern
its hard to even explain because of how batshit crazy it is.
thats a different scenario they dont have negint policy in greece
its called demurrage currency
the first people to die from collapse will be the global poorest, the first state to fail is probably ones that are already failing like yemen or venezuela or syria.
for $2.25 an hour worth of foodstamps?
i think prison and/or death is what they are saying. source: reddit comments
FYI it is illegal to dumpster dive. i went to jail for it.
not if you have to hike to the outskirts of the city to hide from the police for being homeless, 12 miles each way.
hmmmm, redact you say!?
ok downvoters $29
HMMM, redact you say? "Hey Sarge lets redact that part where Lt. Fartswchagler hits that negro with his billy club then knee stomps his neck until he's paralyzed" "Good thinking Brettendouche, it seems your getting the hang of this policing business "
thanks for clarifying. I meant *fREE sPEECH* not **Free Speech^^TM**
Pre-order confirmed
*"i mainly ended up talking this way (well, writing this way) because i was super isolated for a really long time and spent all of that time reading theory books"* i get that, im also a mostly self/book-socialized weirdo. what is the specificity of your marginalized experience and political scenes? I see your perspective but there are times when fascists dont really want to be fascists and engaging with them can provide them the perspective to see it from your side to enough extent that they are willing to ~~acknowledge~~ *realize* your personhood and the "do unto others as you would have them do to you" concept's applicability. Here are some examples An individual who hated gay men and thought they should all be killed. His total experience of homosexual men was creepy pedophile flaming annoying stereotypical queens like the one who raped him as a child. One day he met a homosexual at work doing construction who he could relate to,converse with and realized homosexuality wasnt in constant conjunction with the other traits he associated with it. example 2. Poor white kids who grow up in black ghettoes are often victims of constant racially motivated attacks and the totality of their experience as children is that their families were kind to them and everyone else they knew was black people who brutally beat them on a daily basis completely unprovoked. Now their life experience has been that black people are bad violent criminals. example 3 An embarrassing personal story. I only knew females who were extremely neurotic, histrionic, low IQ lunatics and i thought all females were stupid/psychotic until my early twenties because the totality of my life experience up to that point showed that to be true without exception. Then i met a mentally stable intelligent female who called me on my shit and i had to rethink all that shit. If that girl had simply decided i was immutably a piece of shit and not worth engaging with i would still have had fucked up views of women until someone else enlightened me to my shitbaggery. so maybe im talking about edge cases like 1 in 10 fascists just need a bit of engagement to flip them out of their bullshit, which has huge potential dividends in the long run, think of all the people they wont fuck with and prejudge for the rest of their lives. your work will save many vulnerable people from that.
serious question, With the exception of abortion on what issues is hillary not far to the right of donald trump politically?
one beeelion dollars &lt;pinky2mouth
im glad that intelligent life will have a second chance after humans
username checks out
Such drama , very Wow!
until peak oil collapses the global economy
You dont have the mindset of a survivor. His parents are scum.
well they aren't anarchist by definition then just like the an-caps who believe in hierarchical authoritarianism by private institutions
can you give more details of your experience?
Cant find the actual paper?
*"The volume of media articles and blogs mentioning bitcoin worldwide tanked in 2014 and has failed to recover even as the value of the virtual currency started rising again at the end of last year, according to Factiva, a media database owned by Dow Jones &amp; Co., the publisher of The Wall Street Journal."* Who cares about the blogs of media morons, they dont build bitcoin. Look at the number of scientific journal articles about crypto and bitcoin. its an explosion.
da fuk
Strangely the water in the gulf is way colder than normal and the air temp have been consistently 10-20F degrees cooler for this time of year. The tide has been much higher than ive ever seen it without a storm in the gulf. The city i live in hasnt had potable water for a while now and some of the few activists in town and I have started a task force to attack the city bureaucracy about it.
"The good guys in the justice system"?
The people in burundi already know how to farm the best way for their circumstances. If you want to help them get them phosphate fertilizer supplied directly their farms.
I see these news titles and think so what, same in the usa.
The problem with your ideology of the deserving and undeserving poor is that people in many cities work 60 hours a week and still dont have enough money to rent a home. If 1/3rd of all americans are on food assistance maybe you should step back and realize the system is broken and the rich people won the class war. I cant stand it when people think a government spending trillions on wars of aggression and corporate welfare cant afford to help the destitute have the most basic level of human decency in the form of shelter and food.
2% of the population in industrial ag based countries
i need to get back into video games so i can be hip with the lingo
5Wh/L
*"The US Government doesn't control how you live your life."* &lt;this is provably false *"The US Government is the least intrusive government in the world"* &lt;this is provably false The government/corporate collusion places many barriers to self-employment that wouldn't occur in a free market. So as long as the government takes away freedom it has the duty to pay for its subjects.
with american made bombs
personal responsibility isnt the issue when the state is menacing people and controlling their lives.
60 pounds of beans and rice that you eat into over the slowly encroaching shortages would not be very much. Hoarding food is illegal. guns are illegal. Do you break the law?
It always disturbs me when people say someone "hoarding" food is immoral/criminal when the entire political/economic system is responsible for the lack of food distribution in the first place not the food "hoarder".
It is very hard to do in most cases.
I think it is one of the best options but many times it simply isn't an option to immigrate because the process is so expensive and drawn out. I know 3 people who legally immigrated to the usa. It took my Dominican friend 10 years to finally get through the process, Cameroonian friend 6 years and Chilean friend 6 years. So it seems in many cases the process would have to be rolling before the problems began.
i found a list of all the subs and went backwards starting with the most unpopular and newest
5 years in jail? where it did it say that
&gt; where else would you live rather than the USA? NOWHERE because this is the best place to live. well except there are many countries that beat the USA on almost every metric of human decency including income education healthcare and freedom
2004 i got tired of working for sociopathic capitalists for shitty pay and having no leisure time. i actually didnt stop until 2015 because my mom has cancer , im taking care of her and she lives in a house.
emigrate where
3d printed saturday nite specials/ weapons cache/ blackmarket / homemade gear.
there is rich people in venezuela and plenty of guns judging by the amount of people getting shot on a regular basis
&gt; Then, the next big project will be to set up a "niche" indoor gardening project with bananas and oriental spices, maybe cocoa or coffee. This will be nonviable because the energy costs outweigh the market cost.
Explain the details of a causal chain that leads to the scenario you envision and i can point out problems with it. Using internet comment pages as primary sources to build your mental model of reality is problematic. Gail does not know the future. You give excessive weighting to reasons that confirm your beliefs and underweight the reasons that counter them. You act like stock market collapse is *sufficient condition* to destroy all life on earth+cannibalism, it is not, and the events you think follow from a stock market crash do not necessarily or even probabilistically follow from it. You also once told me if the collapse doesn't happen in august like you say you wont consider the idea falsified. This is not a rational thought process. What would it take to actually convince you that you are wrong if even reality itself cannot convince you?
Cheapest per unit of productivity would be better
reserves only count as reserves when they are "in the money"
he isnt saying we should be allowed to either. Environmental impact=populationXaffluence.
it has to be unregulated enough that they can hire private courts/enforcers to kill/bring to justice scammers
Im hoping for another farm collapse like the 80s so i can grab some farmland for cheap.
thats true but during the 80s a lot of small homesteads were purchased on the cheap, not for the purpose of competing with giant agribusiness.
a spectrum of different non-coerced reciprocal obligations are compatible with voluntary exchange
synthetic flint rods. available on ebay or from china
your use of language is sloppy. The following sentence is not an argument it is you choosing to disagree with my operating definitions. "*You assert in response to my reference to potlatch that "gift economics" is a form of "voluntary exchange" thus categorically sweeping a whole world in with "economics" and "exchange" and I disagree.*" define your terms "*Economy is a fake science and exchange degrades the participants keeping them isolated, going back after the deed is done to their little private piles of accumulated wealth instead of staying together and sharing together in a real community.*" this is a fuzzy,loaded statement, lacking the nuance needed to correspond with the broad spectrum of situations in the real world, it doesnt advance your idea clearly
What are you saying exactly?
What Turchin and his colleagues have found is a pattern of social instability. It applies to all agrarian states for which records are available, including Ancient Rome, Dynastic China, Medieval England, France, Russia, and, yes, the United States. Basically, the data shows 100 year waves of instability, and superimposed on each wave — which Turchin calls the “Secular Cycle” — there’s typically an additional 50-year cycle of widespread political violence. The 50-year cycles aren’t universal — they don’t appear in China, for instance. But they do appear in the United States. The 100-year Secular Cycles, Turchin believes, are caused by longer-term demographic trends. They occur when a population grows beyond its capacity to be productive, resulting in falling wages, a disproportionately large number of young people in the population, and increased state spending deficits. But there’s a more important factor, one that better predicts instability than population growth. Turchin calls it “elite overproduction.” This refers to a growing class of elites who are competing for a limited number of elite positions, such as political appointments. These conflicts, Turchin says, can destabilize the state. Many of these issues persist in industrial societies. Although population growth is no longer likely to result in mass starvation, it can push the supply of labor beyond demand, leading to increased unemployment. Then you have the 50-year cycles of violence. Turchin describes these as the building up and then the release of pressure. Each time, social inequality creeps up over the decades, then reaches a breaking point. Reforms are made, but over time, those reforms are reversed, leading back to a state of increasing social inequality. He also notes that the severity of the spikes can vary depending on how governments respond to the problem. Turchin says that the United States was in a pre-revolutionary state in the 1910s, but there was a steep drop-off in violence after the 1920s because of the progressive era. The governing class made decisions to reign in corporations and allowed workers to air grievances. These policies reduced the pressure, he says, and prevented revolution. The United Kingdom was also able to avoid revolution through reforms in the 19th century, according to Turchin. But the most common way for these things to resolve themselves is through violence. Turchin takes pains to emphasize that the cycles are not the result of iron-clad rules of history, but of feedback loops — just like in ecology. “In a predator-prey cycle, such as mice and weasels or hares and lynx, the reason why populations go through periodic booms and busts has nothing to do with any external clocks,” he writes. “As mice become abundant, weasels breed like crazy and multiply. Then they eat down most of the mice and starve to death themselves, at which point the few surviving mice begin breeding like crazy and the cycle repeats.”
new zealands south island. tierra del fuego. places buffered by cool water currents but above the new sealevel after the melt.
"against civilization" is a collection of essays similar to jensen chellis glendining (sp?)
decide what type of weather you like and what you like to eat. Then choose land that fits your desires. dont ever listen to random people telling you land is good. There are objective measures of what good is. soil fertility, rainfall availability, irrigation water quality/availability, temperature extremes, chill ours required to induce fruiting in temperate fruit and nut trees, flood plains, fire hazards etc... What do you want to grow and eat?
do you even opsec bro
You should get feed efficient breeding stock from grimaud freres in france.
thats where your average american stops climbing stairs and collapses from acute myocardial infarction
a little early for that
A virus isnt the most realistic way the united states would collapse. Someday the government will not have the credit rating required to borrow money to continue its current level of operation, that day will be in your lifetime. The government is shutting off foodstamps for "able-bodied working age adults" because it believes there are jobs for everyone. It believes this because the government statistics regularly erase people from existence much like it erased inflation for the last decade by removing food and fuel from the inflation measure.you know for those citizens that dont eat or use fuel /^S . A hungry pissed off population is setting up the necessary conditions for social unrest once a proper proximate cause hits. Energy scarcity will feed into further economic malaise and cause price hikes relative to peoples income. rising heat has been shown to increase interpersonal and society level violence, we have been having plenty of heat records with more in the pipeline. Most cities in the USA seem to be suffering crumbling infrastructure as we speak with no realistic method to finance fixing any of it. i could go on for days
uninvited, no spam for you
food security without dependence on complex systems outside my control.
here are my predictions 1. the people dont do any serious jail. 2. they are still rich as fuck after this is over.
open your freezer to keep those glaciers from melting up there
try this http://databank.worldbank.org/data/reports.aspx?source=2&amp;type=metadata&amp;series=AG.LND.ARBL.HA.PC#
addressed this in text
An interesting scenario is that with all nations being in a race to the bottom the people will turn to non government currencies like cryptocurrencies. Even if the usa is the least bad option it is still losing purchasing power as the longterm trend
greenhouses dont substantially raise yield in nutrient limited systems. Mass scale greenhouses only makes sense with high inputs.
how are stds an unreasonable fear?
i agree.
&gt; Regarding the formula, could that also be used on the above .16 hectare per person countries to calculate the maximum population their acreage could support beyond their current populations? (thinking about refugee influx) yes, i was going to do all this but i got lazy. Someone else should do it. {(km^2 arable land)*100 ÷ .16} - current population= potential refugee influx capacity. or something like that the military thing i dont know how to figure something like that, i suspect it is impossible to figure out anything meaningful.
career bureaucrats believing there own propaganda.
that article does mention fishing. "The family had eaten bread for breakfast and soup for lunch made from fish that Mr. Reina had managed to catch. The family had nothing for dinner."
books, mostly science heavy stuff. and stuff like this https://www.reddit.com/r/MakeTotalDestr0i/
a strong case could be made that debt was more responsible than money for the problems of maximum growth.
this is funny to me everytime
What makes you think this is even true. If they were trying their best then that just shows how incompetent they are.
**I think I speak for everyone in here when i say its because we are drug dealing terrorist pedophiles**
Im excited to watch this play out in the market, expecting some people who made concentrated bets to lose their ass. 52% leave as of right now
Oh fuck i didnt know this. Brexit isnt happening then.
this
i see what you did there
Im going on record saying this isnt collapse and this is overblown.
i guess all yall okies inbreeding concentrated the genes for beer brewing skill :P
b flat
give an example
even a food forest could produce higher yields with higher inputs of fertilizer and irrigation but that would change the energy input/output ratio towards less efficient.
https://www.reddit.com/r/MakeTotalDestr0i
Is it precooked? if not you have to cook it. add a vitamin mineral premix powder available from ag suppliers and feed stores, follow the instructions. 6000ft^2 isnt shit for 6 pigs as far as feed production it isnt even enough for a single pig. you have to supplement the legumes with grains to get the correct amino acid ratios
You are arguing for a system on the point of maximum efficiency. This does not counter what i said or the title of the post. *"your law applies in a vacuum but brakes down in the real world"* this statement is false
here's a chart but it only goes to 2010 http://dailyreckoning.com/files/2010/10/DRUS10-26-10-2.gif
the water supply where i live has been unsafe to drink and the city council suggested instead of fixing it we just lower the water safety standards. No bullshit. Me and my girlfriend helped start an organization to battle the city council about this issue and keep the spotlight on their stupidity and corruption. There is little hope that it works though since the places that always test dirty are in the poor peoples hoods. My ultimate plan is to just move away though, I will be a refugee leaving texas. the lake that hold most of our water has a dam that leaks but no funding to fix it so even though texas has record rainfall for a few years the reservoir is draining fast
South texan here. If you have access to clean non-salty irrigation water and you are willing to purchase animal feed then 2-3acres is plenty.
once the refugees move to austrailia your fucked.
i just got a $50,000 bill from the hospital because i broke both my arms thats not even counting the separate doctor , labs, and anethesia bill that for some reason arent included in the hospital bill.. not paying any of it ever. lol.
china?
one arm is already working decent, the other is pretty much dead.
http://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/monographs/2009/RAND_MG819.pdf **WTF!**
overwatering is the #1 cause of gardening failures
i could write a whole book length guide about it. There are a lot of characteristics of south texas that make it hostile to the normal conception of a homestead. in the corpus area you have mostly rock solid clay. that clay has a high SAR which stands for sodium absorption ratio. it is very alkaline soil that causes problems with a lot of plants. We also have city water with too much dissolved mineral salts that affect the ability of plants to absorb water. The heat during the summer also kills a lot of stuff regardless of what you do, many things also stop producing because they cant pollinate once the temperatures are high, this is why you will see a lot of tomatoes stop producing in the summer. once you head away from the clay in corpus area you move towards soil with looser texture that can grow more plant roots in it but the more west you go the less rainfall you get. The more north east you go the more rainfall you get. The more west and towards the low rolling hills the more caliche outcroppings you get caliche is basically calcium carbonate and is hard for most plants. when your buying land sometimes there is a layer of soil a foot thick on top of caliche this is going to be droughty soil that doesnt hold moisture well so make sure you check. you can generally tell by the vegetation being shorter and more scrubby. towards the houston area there is plenty of rainfall and in general the more rainfall a place gets the more the soil shifts towards acidic. Many areas in texas also have radioactive well water but no one will tell you that. there is a reason why there are so many uranium mines down here. with all that being said if you find a place with a decent water well or other source you can have tons of success as a homesteader. The biggest problem i see is that people get animals and heavily overstock their land. The carrying capacity is around this general area is about one animal unit per 15 acres. The year to year rainfall availability changes the carrying capacity of the land so you have to moderate your stocking density anywhere from 1 acre per an animal unit in very favorable years to 40 acres per animal unit not even being enough in bad years. You said you would buy in food which means you can have more animals but you will have to keep them contained and intensively manage when and how long they are allowed to graze in order to protect your pasture. Dont just go through a property killing all the native plants because they are often edible and you should learn the native adapted edibles. Another thing is you should plant more adapted plant that aren't familiar to the normal american but are used as food in similar climates in other parts of the world. Chaya is a good example, it is adapted to the local conditions and produces a delicious leafy vegetable that is actually one of the most nutritious vegetables on earth. Adapting your diet to what does well locally is the most important advice. if you want to grow fruit trees you need to use "low-chill" varieties. Temperate fruit trees need a certain number of hours per year below 45degrees in order to induce fruit production. We dont get many of those hours anymore so you have to hunt down varieties that only need less than 200 chill hours. An example would be the apple varietes Anna and Dorsett. Anyways this is getting long, if you are in corpus i could give you some free cuttings from my chaya plants to get you started. how much are you looking to spend per acre when buying land? A lot of the best deals come from just bullshitting with random old people down here that want to sell but have no idea how much the land is worth.
its talks about domestic operations, maybe you didnt read far enough
username checks out
i still haven't seen a single scientist with a reasoned argument that this would be the outcome of total loss of global dimming. The most extreme argument ive seen said 1C of warming.
just make sure you cook it, it poisonous raw. also dont cook it in aluminum or it reacts and gives you diarrhea.
ben falk
i get that. i was just pointing out things dont go from financial panic to cannibalism unless a real non abstract physical problem comes to exist. The imaginary notional wealth going down is nothing.
when the penalties are less than the profits there is not a real disincentive.
States have killed more people in a single day than all terrorists have killed in all of history
&gt; *"the alarmists want to cite the physics of CO2 in the atmosphere, what nobody seems to be addressing is the physics of heat transfer and water vapor."* there is a substantial body of work published about those things. try google scholar
Back when i was a youngin we had a 3D printer it was called a gotdamn HAND you put a filament in it called WOOD and used a gotdamn nozzle called TOOLS to make 3D thingamajiggers. &lt; shakes fist in air,mumble under breath, thinks about walking uphill in the snow both ways
Thats what i was thinking.
Where are you located?
7
why were you banned from reddit so bad? how can they even do that?
i lol'd
AIDS for a virgin on her wedding night.
Dont be a stupid tool and pay debt. Just stop paying it and save the money you make for the year in cash then start your life over with the cushion of having savings. debt is not morality. There are no consequences except a bad credit rating. break your chains and truly be free, stop being afraid.
&gt; The mennonites , etc, went to Russia during the 19th century for bigger pieces of land. They didn't do so great in the Russian Revolution, and folks like Nestor Makhno, who is sometimes hailed as the ultimate freedom fighter, slaughtered them en masse source? i read a few books about nestor and dont recall this.
im texiting right now .FUCK DA GUBBERMENT!
when the owner class claims exclusive access to the worlds natural resources they are making the argument "might makes right". The dispossessed using that same argument to get access to resources is just as fair.
where/how do you usually find your datasets?
I would argue that these two approaches are the same approach wrapped in different language. If they are different approaches they seem unlikely to have significantly different outcomes. An interesting example that come to my mind is the difference between sound design using subtractive synthesis versus additive synthesis. They are both complex processes that require different thinking patterns to achieve a goal but the goal orientation leads to a certain level of equifinality regardless of process.
one it is in intenational waters cant they just use the ~~Blackwater~~ XE^TM troops to kill them all and come back for a fresh load. Call me skeptical but any time i hear about these people wanting to help its usually to make their lives worse while removing an eyesore
LOL The banks are disrupting their ownselves by being douchebags. bitcoin is just waiting on the sides to pick up their marketshare. like the great poet sir mixalot once said "if you want to leave it we gonna pull up quick to retrieve it". Bitcoin doesnt have to win it just has to exist until the keynesian endgame
&gt; **may** tend to reduce the **likelihood** sound pretty black swan-ish to me
deep mulch them , use fertilizer like chicken poo and shade cloth
obviously it was ~~ISIS~~ PUTIN
just remember if you own any other assets like a house, land or vehicle that they will seize that
Im looking for a general idea of what is known for the USA, not new york
i left hitchhiking and being an anarchist rabble rouser for ten+ years straight and now i am a tired old bum 35 years old. About to try to settle on a piece of land and permaculture it up. Use it as a base for local rebels. Right now I've been interested in the same topics I've always been into. freedom from leftist and rightist tyranny,really from all hierarchical nonconsensual social relations . securing all my own needs from the earth in a way that isn't damaging to the biosphere and increases my independence from high levels of sociopolitical/technological complexity. preparing for dystopia preparing for collapse normally i would be concerned with trying to get women but i've had same girlfriend for 4 years now. information theory blows my mind https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Information:_A_History,_a_Theory,_a_Flood trying to figure out the future of capital based on biophysical economics. capitalism being enslavement is still important but it is more irrelevant for me personally because i haven't worked a real job since 2004. i always try to get more people to escape the system but most are too afraid.
there are many historical examples where small farms did fine and the hordes just stayed in place and slowly starved and people that left didn't get far.
but if I'm buying them and selling immediately to people in the hood.
in permaculture you would have a co-op purchase the mri machine and everyone in the region would throw in and have use rights.
USA
i would report the taxes on the $20 flat fee i charge for selling the btc
many different books about famines and books about cannibalism. Books about war. It is very rare to be raided by hordes historically during food crisis. Ive read hundreds of books about it and almost never does it come up as a major thing. If you look at people fleeing the nazi occupation and hiding out even during large scale famine they would usually grab a chicken or dig some potatoes and move on. From all my reading i would say the "hordes of people over running the farm scenario" is almost a collapse myth. also if you had a farm and you measure the population density fanned out equidistant from each other you may only see a few people a day and if they are mostly channelized on paths like roads and trails that makes it better still for off main road places. Nothing that couldn't be dissuaded with some gunfire from a hardened position. People will almost always choose to risk starving longer rather than taking a bullet for a few apples , kale leaves or even chickens. in david holmgrens case specifically he is expecting slow collapse if anything he would be making record profit and selling trees, seeds and other useful plants to people being forced into subsistence farming over time.
he doesn't have 20-30 acres of land he only has 1 hectare. you can see rental rates per AcreYear is lower than $235 in almost the entire country. https://quickstats.nass.usda.gov/data/maps/7878272B-A9F3-3BC2-960D-5F03B7DF4826
i would argue that most of the workers in BAU are redundant. how many people do we really need in the service industry shuffling abstract information and filing tps reports or some other nonsense. most global employment isn't manufacturing stuff that is needed. the USA is only about 10% manufacturing employment. and with properly designed permaculture there would be plenty of time for a few manufacturing shifts each week during the growing season. china makes a lot of shit but most of it is just junk that no one would miss if it didn't exist. it wouldn't surprise me if we had a civil war in the usa by 2030 but i bet the mass die offs and supply chain breakdowns would be worse in africa.
i will enjoy yours the most
if you are in your house or on land and they bust you there they care not who owns it. seized
it happens all the time in the united states, a plane wrecked on a ranch a few miles from here and the government seized the ranch. all 640 acres of it, they said the plane was suspected of holding drugs, turns out the plane didn't have any drugs in it but the government seized the ranch anyways. because once they took it the owners couldn't afford to fight for their innocence. no charges were ever brought
my wife is an aids infected tranny
LifeProTip: opium poppies are pretty easy to grow.
your papers must be big and your wind strong
I would be more worried about medical care being unavailable because no one can even afford it. there will probably be plenty of MRI machines and hospitals but they will lie unused much like the houses across the country were unused during the great recession even though all those homeless people needed places to stay. it makes fuck-all difference if the advanced medical/industrial complex exists, people i know now are growing herbs and treating themselves with alternative physical therapies and drugs bought off the black market because they are simply priced out of medical system in the US. obamacare doesn't have subsidies for the poor in many states
PREACH!
&gt;I looked into permaculture and it is largely a pyramid scheme like scam This is true but only as a business that makes its money selling permaculture. Tons of "permaculture" classes are run by new ager mystic con artists and braindead crystal waving rapists. The actual concepts are legit and permacultures were widespread though out the world for thousands of years and didn't fail because they didn't work, they failed because natural capital destroying grain monoculture warlike societies compete better and overwhelm the other cultures. I have lived on an established permaculture farm and living was easy as fuck just go out and pick food cook eat hang out try to make enough selling surplus to pay the property taxes. easy living. bottom line is don't pay for permaculture classes unless you are an idiot or rich. just check out the book from the library or get a bootleg PDF from the internet. apply it to land if you can get land. CAFOs may be efficient in the sense of producing a lot of unhealthy omega-6 fatty meat but grassfed is healthier and doesn't require dependence on concentrated rations grown in industrial monocultures using massive amount of fossil fuels and fertilizers.
https://www.reddit.com/r/MakeTotalDestr0i/ here is everything you would need to make a case.
if you don't want the hysterical narrative of /r/collapse try this /r/MakeTotalDestr0i/ it will help you get a scientific realist perspective on collapse
I have a soil science book that is 60 years old and it clearly say if you increase temperatures or nitrogen in soil you get CO2 offgasing from bacterial decay of organic matter. so guess what we go and do...
except for all that winter. I'm too weak to handle that months of gloomy darkness. if canada was tropical i would immigrate
was jk
the description on how things play out there is interesting
it isn't a forum about me jackass
try going to the grocery store on the rich side of town like whole foods
i was just seeing what info i could get real quick from the btc community who have already looked into this. I've decided it isn't worth it.
yes. it is too high to be a legit business and the payoff is too low to be worth it as an agorist business
nothing stops them they all do it. just buy a bitcoin as a hedge for the dytopic future in case collapse doesn't hit fast enough
I didnt say nothin' 'bout pacifisms. I'd shoot me some chinafolk like a vietcong shootin a 'murican
Here is the scenario, i sent btc to a trezor wallet from electrum. I need to make sure the coins are no longer accessible from this computer running electrum, and i have a limited time to access this computer so it needs to happen soon icant wait for another day and i am willing to pay a higher fee.
How would you describe your own political ideology?
i love salmon i was going to stock up canned fish but haven't noticed it being cheaper. how much is it where you are?
you should plant an acre or two of nut trees too, lots of dense storable calories and if you have an excess you can feed them to pigs. You should read Edible Forest Gardens : Vol I &amp; II to help you design your farm. you can get them on interlibrary loan if you can afford to buy them.
you do the math blog has some good argument laid out for the extrapolators http://physics.ucsd.edu/do-the-math/2012/04/economist-meets-physicist/
&gt; You only need a square 2 miles wide to power the whole planet. source? i did the math. definitely false
the energy conversion ratios on power to synthetic gas are incredibly poor even in best case scenarios. from power to gas then back to power you are looking at 15% power recapture if i recall correctly.
That is a ridiculous statement, We need to solve the containment problem before we can even begin to think about sustained fusion, we have made some serious progress lately on containment but after we solve it we will need to solve the capture problem which we have no serious solution for as of yet. How will we extract heat or energy to perform work from fusion? You are counting on a technology that doesn't even exist yet to save us from our energy problem. That is faith. Like faith in the return of jesus people have had it for many decades, doesn't mean it will happen soon enough to prevent catabolic collapse.
One thing that will be brought up in the debate is resource "substitution" people need to be armed with the limits to substitution based on science. Some things are poorly substitutable and some things are virtually unsubstitutable like phosphorus that we rely on for maintaining our food supply. Take our current food supply and divide by 3 or 4 if we run out of phosphorus. Our current path of diffusing our P into waste streams until it is economically unrecapturable will doom us. Nature recycles but we create a resource to waste line instead of a tight loop.
everything can progress until limiting factors are encountered and limiting factors will be encountered. Fusion containment and energy capture from it are not guaranteed to be solved by throwing money at them. One can't know it can be solved by engineers until they solve it. I have seen nothing to prove it is solvable on even a theoretical grounds. &gt;Every year my phone gets better, my computer cheaper. &gt;Everything in my culture tells me technology is progress. your Progress has resulted in the reduction in total complexity of the biosphere.
The poor farmers are unfortunately reproducing far above replacement rate so even if they die it will just mean more land for the survivors, hopefully they are able to retain the cultural knowledge required to keep farming i guess. Farmers are often the ones without enough food in many countries in africa, seems counter intuitive
&gt;All engineering problems can be solved. details
&gt;I see roughly two scenarios as plausible, one in which Bitcoin preserves its current niche use indefinitely, the other one in which it destabilizes and ultimately replaces the conventional financial system. How could the latter outcome come about? The truth is that the financial system is being destroyed and collapsed by its aristocrats and banks.gov. Not bitcoin. Blaming bitcoin is like blaming the fire department for the fire. Bitcoin is just the prefiguration that is going to provide the exit to a ossified collapsing system, ushering in the next phase of an-cap dystopia. If you can buy 2.1 bitcoin ($2200) less than 10million people in the world could be bitcoin richer than you. It is worth it as a dystopia hedge, collapse or no collapse. bitcoin will be a blackhole that sucks in the rest of the worlds money. No rational person will hold fiat if bitcoin is useable for every day purchases. &gt;In the coming years we will find out whether I am right in my prediction that Bitcoin is a technology that tips the conventional economic system into a state of collapse and ushers in a cyberpunk era in which the world is governed by a small group of largely anonymous individuals who control the world's currency supply. they wouldn't control the worlds money supply because bitcoin they spend would go into the economy and the distribution over time would not be manipulated by bankster.gov and any bitcoin that is hoarded just drives up the value of everyone else's bitcoin.
once bitcoin solves its scaling problem by adopting segwit/lightning/blocksize increase then only thing holding it back at that point will be government harassment of btc users at the edge of the system. If bitcoin makes it another 4 years of entrenchment with ETFs and legal exchanges it may be in a position that banning it will cause too much damage to "important people".
whats new is that massive amounts of venture capital have been pouring into the ecosystem to create exchanges that are safer and making things like openbazzar and user friendly experiences for wallets and other apps. scaling issues are solved and just need to be implemented. this may be a bubble but it will just be another leg up on the slow ramp to global reserve currency status. If you have some spare cash throw some in and forget about it for 12 years then check back, you will either be able to buy a new car or you will have lost money you already forgot about anyways.
class 1 prime farmland with water rights and irrigation access.
but much to his shame
with no one else to blame
the world will never be the same
Idealistic conditions actually heighten suicide risk because they often create unreasonable standards for personal happiness, thereby rendering people more emotionally fragile in response to unexpected setbacks. So, when things get a bit messy, such people, many of whom appear to have led mostly privileged lives, have a harder time coping with failures. “A large body of evidence,” writes the author, “is consistent with the view that suicide is preceded by events that fall short of high standards and expectations, whether produced by past achievements, chronically favorable circumstances, or external demands.” For example, simply being poor isn’t a risk factor for suicide. But going rather suddenly from relative prosperity to poverty has been strongly linked to suicide. Likewise, being a lifelong single person isn’t a risk factor either, but the transition from marriage to the single state places one at significant risk for suicide. Most suicides that occur in prison and mental hospital settings occur within the first month of confinement, during the initial period of adjustment to loss of freedom.
~~Suicide is also the greenest thing a human can do.~~ wouldn't murder-suicide be greener :P
why do you think you can't get girls? What do you look like? how often do you meet women? and talk to them?
i have a big nose , autistic, not attractive , super gross skinny. I try to find groups i fit in and meet people then try to meet girls, sometimes one will think big noses are attractive and find your autism quirks amusing. it took me years to find a girl that i was compatible with. You should find activities out of the house to engage in. surely you have interests, go to some nerd maker space or gardening club or whatever random thing you are into, you might just be a freak genius at some thing, my neckbeard cousin won a Magic the gathering card competition and got $5000 dollars became the king of his own little microcosm of a social group and that will attract ladies from within that group
that john deere tractor makes me feel somewhat relieved, even thought it still will just perpetuate unsustainable farming practices. The world food supply is the only real concern i have about collapse. well maybe access to advanced medical care is a concern as well since I'm getting older and will probably get cancer or something that could be treatable now but not affordable or available in the future .
Keep us updated this is good shit! maybe make it a full post
it feels better than you think it would
Venezuela oil 94% of economy Mexico oil ~10% of economy thats what i was trying to say. It won't turn into the same level of shit as vzla edit: source http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/ven/all/show/2014/
you can it is called getting your record expunged. and it costs about $5000 because you have to petition every different agency separately that received a copy, the sheriff dept the police dept the FBI ..etc..
r/firstworldproblems
Do you alway bring out your testicles while your daughter dances
still corn
i worry a bit that the economy crash will prevent funding for renewable energy. most renewable companies balance sheets and profitability are already stressed
i think we could have 1 or 2 more great recessions before we slide down the steep part of the cliff early 2030s is my estimate for the point of no return. Based on reading hundreds of scientific papers and seeing so many point to that time period being the point where BAU is impossible without miracles.
or btc could lose first mover advantage by being an ossified piece of shit community. for the record I'm pro bitcoin
i will bet the la nina makes 2017 cooler than 2016 the 2016 deviation was crazy, if it is so extreme during a period when cooling is expected like la nina and it continues another few years i will be pretty afraid.
just holding isn't demand, that requires buying as well
those ain't our fellow men, those are terrorist socialists comin' to take muh Freedoms^^TM
that article is 2 pages. TLDR: "Today, investing in debt is pure madness"
i would consider any collapse over the course of less than a humans lifespan a fast collapse.
If the 30% of global society that starves to death are the global poor, in countries trade dependent for food, social cohesion could remain within "safe" bounds in food surplus countries that enact export restrictions. Those 30% may be able to riot all they want but if russia france chile and USA stop exporting food social upheaval wouldn't help them much. Peak oil is primarily a transport fuel problem and there is massive room for efficiency improvements that could mitigate the effects in places like the USA. Just imagine if people stopped driving SUV's to work by themselves everyday. maybe even (*gasp*) ride a fuckin bicycle. energy intensity of the US economy could track downwards for a quite a few years keeping pace with reduction in oil energy availability. There is also the chance that peak oil doesn't lead to price spikes because the catabolic process from net energy reduction creates sufficient demand destruction in the real economy. We could end up in a strange scenario with low oil prices and minimal net energy. The ETP model from the hills group and gail tverberg discuss this at length. All that being said, i personally consider it fast collapse if it takes place within a single humans lifetime and i get how peak oil + climate change will wreck global civilization.
why is using the word females degrading? I noticed a few people on this thread mention it being bad but as a certified autist i don't understand why
&gt;the code’s architecture has led to the creation of a Bitcoin “aristocracy” and a tremendously unequal distribution of wealth within the system. The "bitcoin aristocracy" this guy refers to are not the same as the current bailout taking, bankster elites. When someone has a lot of bitcoin and spends them they no longer have them and the only way to get more is to do something someone is willing to pay for. The so-called "bitcoin aristocracy" cannot just maintain their wealth and privilege printing bitcoin and getting bailouts. If they don't spend their bitcoin and just "hoard" it that is great because it just makes everyone else bitcoin more valuable by keeping supply off the market. If they aren't spending it they are not materially better off than non-elites. If they are spending it then the wealth is being distributed and making its way through the economy to people providing goods and services. &gt;By limiting it to 21 million units, Nakamoto has inadvertently created a condition in which the more popular Bitcoin becomes, the higher its price gets, making it more and more difficult to use. Ok the above does not make sense unless you don't know btc is dividable to 8 decimal places. If anything the more valuable and the more users and more velocity the more it will be a stable currency. &gt;Bitcoin may appear to exist outside the financial system, but by promoting scarcity and competition, it actually aggravates the over-accumulation of capital and exacerbates the social inequalities that its supporters hope it will combat There is no such thing as over-accumulation of capital. That is called saving and it is necessary to start a business or purchase things that cost more than you currently have. If you hold more than you will need to make purchases all you are doing is driving up the value of all participants bitcoin. &gt;Libertarians advocate the elimination of the state in favour of individual sovereignty, private property, and free/open markets. There are many forms of libertarianism that are for free markets but not propertarianism, so that is a false statement. &gt;design of Bitcoin, based on the Austrian school of economics, exacerbates the characteristics of the neoliberal era; the promise given by the idealistic concept of distributed capitalism doesn’t pan out in reality. Is the distribution of bitcoin becoming more or less concentrated? they didn't bother attempt to even demonstrate the claim they make.
I rarely see internships that aren't deliberately designed to exploit people these days, maybe i was a bit harsh about the internship, surely some are beneficial experiences.
i think you are the first true Eco-Nazi I've ever encountered
kaczynski was an anarchist not a fascist
1 bitcoin will = 1 BitCorn = $10
borlaug himself said that paul ehrlich was right as long as the increase of food from the green revolution continues to be pumped into a higher than replacement global human fertility.
Just straight cointelpro divide and conquer with identity politics mostly. A group with multiple people who don't believe in non-contradiction, logical consistency, empiricism or the concept of reality being more important than ideology is ineffective at meaningful communication. Bunch of histrionic lunatics with strange authoritarian personalities mixed with victim complexes in my experience.
IM LEAVING IN 6 DAYS, WOOHOO, FUCK YA'LL I'M OUT THIS IS THE BOTTOM OF THE TOILET BOWL OF AMERICA
I used to live in douglas county Oregon and the timber industry had things set up to where they funded the libraries, anytime they wanted to chop a patch of public land they would claim if they were't allowed they would have to stop funding all the libraries everyone would freak out and say "we have to give them what they want". Looks like they finally called their bluff and they actually stopped funding the libraries.
There is a word for that "LOGLO"
Bro, you have to learn basic argumentation before you can refute something. Your hubris rich narratives hold minimal logical force. seig heil !
thats how i ride the bus, and people called me crazy
with high enough seat backs to protect the neck from whiplash
zapatistas got it covered
I get the principal, but in this particular case of a car exploding and burning the drivers to death it makes sense to give them the option to consent to the risk or pay $13. There is meaningful difference between a rubber cap on a screw and exploding upon impact. The example of side airbags illustrates my point, i purposely choose a car with side airbags and would pay extra if the upgrade is an option. Any reasonable person would rather pay $13 than risk getting blown up and burned to death in an event that has a realistic probability of occurring.
Imagine everyone getting a letter via pigeon from u/fishmahboi that just says "TOLD YOU SO"
upvote for you sir
elaborate on that thought if you want me to be convinced it is so.
wow that video is actually good
If you combine a short cycle sine with a long cycle sine wave you notice a fundamental opposite when going up the hill the booms are long and the dips are short, once you cross over the booms are short and the dips are long. that is the pattern we will be dealing with in about 15 years or so. every recession will be a depression and every boom will just be trying to hold steady then capitulating. I think i saw a good talk with jay forrester about this.
[i promise someday one of these workers will poison a bunch of these fucks with some ricin or just blow up the place. It is just too many scoundrels in one place for it not to happen.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRLb-J-Fu2Y) They better do something about the winner-take-all economy or proles gonna get cray cray
When they have command and control over governments it makes the entire legitimacy of the social order questionable at best. when wealth provides one more power than a normal person we have a problem. You can say life isn't fair and tell us to stop complaining about it but then we can say the bullet in your billionaire head is also fair because we are tired of being lorded over by powers we don't consent to.
plenty of evidence says that government policy correlates highly with the desires of the elites and almost none with common folk. Peer reviewed papers have made this case fully backed by sound reasoning and evidence.
i generally agree with many of his dystopian expectations but i would fight him in real life for being a collaborator with the elites
&amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; thats right, punk I AM THE ONE TRUE EDGELORD OF THE UNIVERSE
that paper you link to is from Publisher: Council on Foreign Relations Press so just some shill piece from the elites. The damage done from their "fixing" the problem is just building up in this current bubble and massive debt overhang
you can get a nueces county clinic card at memorial hospital and then get to see a physicians assistant 30+ days later or you can go to the walking clinic in memorial after you get the card but you may have to wait all day or for a few days straight before someone will see you. amistad takes about 30 days to see someone as well.
alpaca steaks for [EVERYONE](http://imgur.com/fTTBLia).
http://www.ranprieur.com/land/hut.html
Can't you just move? where are you?
That is crazy prices for land. You should kill all the foreign elites that bought it all and seize their land when the revolution comes
i have no map, it is in my head and is a meandering path through most states of america. I've stopped to take care of my mom who got cancer, she is better now, and because i sort of played out the USA, if i do it again i would go eurasia but i suck with foreign languages so I'm a bit apprehensive about doing it. I also want to settle a bit and make a home base with a garden and shack where i can live cheap and chill with my girlfriend. My most difficult experience was probably when i stayed in oregon during the winter i got seasonal affective depression and oregon is wet cold dreary and miserable but i couldn't leave because someone there owed me money for weed i trimmed. The other thing that sucks is just police in general, there are tons of psycho dangerous police in the USA. For work I've done anything from farm work to writing or just anything i could figure out. I've bought stuff off of craigslist and sold it on eBay for profit. I mostly try to not participate in the monetized economy and instead use social capital, donate time to a food bank take a box of food or whatever arrangements can be made. Mostly just be a cheapskate and you don't have to work much, i could work for a month trimming weed or doing beet harvest then travel for the rest of the year on that money.
i would use computers at libraries occasionally, you don't miss them that much when you are doing real life adventuring. living was entertainment. I got in danger all the time but it was mostly because i like to do crazy shit and if someone else was to live traveler backpack life they could make the choice to not put themselves in danger as much as i did. Ive done everything from participate in riots with anarchists to reviving drug overdosed homeless people to jumping off of cliffs into the ocean to trying to see how long i could live off the land in the woods without store bought food to eating out of dumpsters to unprotected sex with women i didn't know for very long to hitching a ride in a roaming meth lab to pretending i was crocodile hunter and picking up snakes that turned out to be venomous.
you should obey laws only if they align with your morals and break all the laws you can get away with if they are unjust. The earth was put here before humans and for the powers that be to dispossess me from it i will never accept without a fight. I was strategic about staying under the radar in where i camped. I would often climb buildings and camp on the roof of places that have roof access ladders in cities. In the country i would just bed down in places out of plain sight. I would try to plan on where to stay ahead of time and once i had been traveling for a few years i knew all the good spots. Best thing to do is ask other travelers or even homeless people for tips. I got in trouble only one time when i caught a cheap plane ticket to hawaii and didn't know shit, i ended up hanging out with some people at a park and a drunk guy got belligerent and the cops came and i was in a public park after curfew, i had the option to pay a $50 fine but i told them to go fuck themselves and said i wouldn't pay the state any money so i plea bargained down to one day in jail. which was fine because the jail mattresses were really nice actually, the food sucked though, i didn't eat it just fasted for the 26 hours.
also another thing is that what happens is often random luck and serendipity so sometimes it is just a waiting game for good times to come or bad times to pass, always keep your eyes open for opportunity.
I just asked girls i knew if they knew any girls i would be compatible with and they told me they knew a girl that lived in a broken down car on a goat farm in the desert. We met and i convinced her to default on all her crushing debt and live free, it improved the quality of both of our lives. been together 4 years now two of it were traveling the other two taking care of ailing parents .
i bought a guitar from a pawnshop for $70 and would stash it in random hiding places wherever i went and just go get it when i wanted to play. sometimes i would mail it or give it away to people then run into them later and get it back. My girlfriend had a ukulele that she would play and sing to make money at farmers markets sometimes. She is such a good singer someone from NPR heard her and put her on NPR. She would make $30- $100 in a few hours busking. One time she left to travel to mexico and study "son jarrocho" music with traditional players in a mexican village. I couldnt go because i didn't have a passport and was waiting to get paid for some work i did.
i started working when i was 15 years old and did plumbing, then electrical work, then i took classes and learned computer repair then i took EMT classes and became an EMT then i took real estate classes and learned how to sue landlords for stealing peoples damage deposits and how to get squatters rights. i did all of that between 15-19 years old. I also learned about the weed industry and have built out warehouses into sophisticated grow rooms as a contractor. I got good at all sorts of random things. I self-studied permaculture from 2001-now and am an excellent permaculture designer which i usually do for people for free or places to stay/garden space.
YES! i got wrecked by giant venomous centipedes on multiple occasions, they were the bane of my existence. one time i got bit right on my elbow and when i quickly bent my arm to look at the bite it tightened my skin and all the venom squirted out.
Worst story, is i was arrested for felony burglary in south texas (they made up the charge and it was dropped) while in jail they killed a mexican man right in front of me while he was handcuffed and drunk, a cop bashed his head into a tile wall right next to me over and over until they threw him into the next room where he bled out from his skull and I'm pretty sure died because the blood puddle was about 6 feet in diameter and he was in late stage agonal breathing with rapidly decreasing respiration frequency before i was moved, his skull was caved in and cerebral-spinal fluid was leaking out of his ears. i was the only person in the room standing right next to him when it happened and i thought the cop would kill me too because i was the only witness. I shut my mouth and prayed even though I'm not religious. the guy who's head got bashed was only about 5'4'' and was doing nothing except drunk rambling telling the cop that he would not be able to treat him with such disrespect on the streets man to man. The best story involving police is when a cop told me not to camp in the public park and i moved my tent and he left.
both, but mostly outdoors and never couch surfed from the internet just occasional people i knew and people who i was telling wild stories to that were entertained enough to invite me to their house where i usually slept in their backyard because i have troubles sleeping indoors for some reason probably because i got used to sleeping outdoors and partially because i have allergies exacerbated by indoor allergens and pets.
This evolved over the years. when i started off i bought a cheap tarp 8X10( i recommend 10X12 now) a mosquito net, 100ft of paracord, an old pot from the kitchen, a heavy ass single burner coleman multi fuel stove, a water jug( at least a gallon) i used an old arizona tea jug the ones with the built in handle, a good 7 inch fixed blade knife, a small knife sharpening stone, cheap backpack that didn't fit me very good because i was so skinny the hip belt wouldn't grab, clothes, lots of food, as much cash as i could hide under the soles of my boots without getting cramped feet. mini-maglight ( this was before LED headlamps were even a thing) A couple lighters and a magnesium/flint firestarter. A book on edible plants of north america. cheapo 15F rated sleeping bag and a $3 closed cell foam sleeping pad. i also had a wire saw and a couple p-38 can openers. I think the grand total i spent was about $150 at most(not including the knife which i already owned). Later i evolved as i had money to upgrade i bought REI type fancy super light gear and carried what is basically standard minimalist ultra light setup i always stay under ~35lbs including food and water because I'm a light weight and carrying tons of stuff is almost always more miserable than whatever function it serves. Also forgot i had a water filter too but rarely had to use it, the few times when i did have to use it it was almost worth all the rest of the time i had been inconveniently hauling its weight around. TLDR don't let not having fancy shit hold you back, i didn't have fancy shit for a few years, getting fancy shit can make big improvements in comfort mostly by reducing weight. thermarest prolite sleeping pads and warm lightweight/bulk sleeping bags are the shit, i must say. down bags suck despite all the ranting and raving about it that goes on amongst internet afficiandos, every traveler i ever met switched to synthetic because it doesn't rot get moldy or degrade like down will after a month in a humid region under hardcore use.
i was born in 1982 and left in 2004, with a few mini excursions before that. you can do the math i don't remember. TLDR first three months i left texas on a bus then hitchhiked from oklahoma to california modoc national forest and lived in the woods for a month at a rainbow gathering then caught a ride with a old hippie couple heading east to illinois then went to ohio where the side of my family I've only seen once or twice in my life live to visit them then i went to a crazy anarcho-primitivist gathering around august but there were a lot of undercover Feds there so i bounced.
it works but it generally requires being able to occupy property for many years straight and paying the taxes on said property, it is variable from state to state. I never bothered to actually do it but i know people who have done it successfully. Interestingly the few people i met that have done it successfully were already well-off and just took over abandoned houses and used them as rental houses.
i just call street punks, "kids", Im talking people under 30 over 17.
There is a super sketchy regional gathering there every year. I Don't recommend unless you like hanging out with the dregs of the earths waste of life misfits.
i just cooked it over a fire and built a little tripod smoker out of branches and sticks. &gt;How did you hear the cabin? what?
some days were drudgery like basic maintenance and hygiene or standing by the road waiting for a ride. sometimes in the cities i would hang out and read at a library all day, i would often hike and enjoy nature based activities, i would get involved with events festivities, activism, volunteering in things that interested me, sometimes i would find some random work to get paid cash. I would meet random people from all walks of life and just talk story. Pretty broad question you asked hard to answer since it was a diverse set of things over a ten year period.
Sometimes when i would go to high dry elevations and sleep my throat would get dry and cracked then i would get a throat infection which would lead to fever and then delirium so the second i felt like i got a cracked throat i would immediately start heading towards civilization. One time i got back into to Reno from somewhere up on a mountain in nevada i was so febrile and hallucinating in reno nevada i started walking through the desert to get to a truck stop on the outskirts of the city to hitch out from and buzzards started following me flying overhead like on the cartoons, noticed they were getting lower and lower so i realized in my delusional state that if i extrapolated the rate they were getting lower then i would probably be dead with them on top of me in less than a mile or two. That made sense to me in my state of mind but i ended up going back to a corner store and passing out in the bushes only to wake up in the middle of the night when the landscaping sprinkler system came on and cooled my body down. there was a big stack of quarters next to me that i think someone thought i was a desperate homeless person and left them. The sprinkler helped me get a second wind from the fever and i managed to catch a ride int sacramento when a forest fire near by had filled the whole city with dense smoke it was very surreal because i was still have mild fever hallucinations i eventually got on a tram then blacked out and woke up inside a greyhound bus station, i don't really recall how i got there, i used my emergency money to go to friends house in south oregon where i got antibiotics and recovered in a week. what makes someone suited for this life is a love for freedom, nature and mostly unstructured free time. It helps if you grew up in rough shit too, i grew up in south texas third world shit.
permaculture: the designers manual The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood Snowcrash Theory and Reality: An Introduction to the Philosophy of Science The worlds greatest fix I read a lot of textbooks for fun as well because i am a dork
i met a few solo women some with good experiences and some with bad experiences , i met quite a few that were bicycle touring. You could find a dude to be your travel partner or even another lady. try Squattheplanet.com
i would heat stones on a fire outside of it that i had to be careful about because fires weren't allowed there. but most of the time i would just wear lots of clothes and be in the 15f rated sleeping bag
I've actually known quite a few people who did this same thing in europe and they all said it was better than in the USA.
i got an acre about 30 minutes from a small city and i am planning on homesteading the land and trying to be as self reliant as possible now, i plan on building a shack to live in. My plans as i get older is to live off my land as much as possible. as far as medical care i will take whatever i can get which isn't much. I expect the USA's fucked up overpriced medical system will collapse under its own weight or social upheaval with the next 15 years or so. Then maybe there will be medical care available for prices a normal human can afford. I am going to try to make a deal with an actual doctor to provide him vegetables for medical care or some type of person to person deal like that.
answered the first three questions elsewhere in the thread, and yes it is hard to go back to mainstream society because it is boring as fuck and most normal people are zombified.
i just listen to people playing live mostly, there are bands with acoustic instruments at most hobo camps.
I ended up with higher net worth because my low expenses allowed me to save from my meager earnings. if you look at my age cohorts median net wealth it is very low https://g.foolcdn.com/editorial/images/167908/median-net-worth-by-age_large.JPG i grew up in south texas so most people don't have high earning power upon graduating if they can even find employment. Remember that the time period i am talking about was during the great recession. Just working an unfulfilling job where you do the same drudgery day in and day out is what i was referring to when i said "wasted life". &gt;And "institutionally approved cultural goals and the institutionalized means of obtaining those goals"? Lol. Okay. The holier-than-thou attitude gives you away. this is not holier than thou attitude it is just a descriptor that is commonly used in sociology texts.
see my sub /r/MakeTotalDestr0i
6 days. it only is uncomfortable for the first 2.5-3 then you feel pretty good.
i generally recommend not drinking or drugging, but if you are going to, you will generally end up with more sketchy friends and trouble
cuddle puddles keep you warm on cold lonely nights
that job was before i started traveling. they also blocked the fire exits and locked us in the rooms where we were working on the computers, we would have to knock and have them let us out with the key from the other side. I called osha and they noted in the report what i said was true and gave the business a warning, i quit soon after. You thinking things work in south texas like they do in the first world parts of america is mistaken the company was small but bid on all the gov contracts for the region and won almost everytime because it was run like a sweatshop and low bid
probably buying and selling stuff.
passports cost money and I'm a cheapskate with a penchant for pointless defiance
they just never made much versus the cost of living paying rent and all of that it isn't generally that they were bad with money, though some of them were. &gt;If your friends had followed the same path except not been fucking idiots with their money, they'd be way ahead of you. it would be hard for them to hold a normal job and not pay rent. The more important part isn't the accumulation of money it is doing something you don't enjoy day in and day out for ten years that is the real loss
there too
I've never been a victim of violence while hitchhiking and most of the shit I've been in occurred in Texas. I'm pretty good at de-escalation. 125 to 135 pounds normally 5'9'' i am scrawny as fuck but when people become aggressors and fuck with me if there is more than one of them i just stab them immediately and remorselessly then move on. If its one on one i will generally bow out or do a straight fist fight if i have to, my punch is weak but my headbutt is strong, I've KO'd 3 people with head butts. The older i got the more i avoided conflict. It can almost always be avoided. people drunk or drugged and groups of teenagers are the biggest worries for starting violent confrontations for no reason in my experience. I never fuck with people to avoid making enemies but i grew up in the hood in SouthTexas so lots of wannabe gangsters would fuck with me for being the only white kid in the ghetto
wilderness defense type stuff is important to me
sometimes in town, what i liked to do was find the farthest out a city bus would go and then look on maps to see what is around that area so i could get there by cheap public transport then hike and have a garden.
fuck this
Much industry and infrastructure of civilization is dependent on hierarchical relationships, its only anarchism if people don't aggressively dispossess less ecologically destructive people from their landbases. how do you get copper if the people that live on the mountain and drink from the river don't consent to it being destroyed/poisoned. the level of technological complexity would be reduced if people could refuse ecologically destructive practices from being imposed on them through violence. Therefore anarchism will lead towards primitivism to some extent regardless of if someone calls it anarcho-communism
&gt;You think you're above the law. i try to stay outside the law &gt;You can't just pick and choose the laws you like yes i can. there is a difference between legality and morality. I pick and choose as much as possible. &gt; Your morals aren't everyone's morals I dont impose my morals on others through violence or coercion. &gt;They apply the same to everyone. Tell that to the elites instead of the people at the bottom of the hierarchy.
There is nothing wrong with self defense. even the law allows it
yes. i also own a pressure canner but i used it mostly for mycology.
the conception of debt, in the modern neoliberal era, as a moral force is really a toxic mimic of the healthy human scale with face to face consensual interactions of reciprocity obligations. Every human i know considers me extremely credit worthy, but no transnational corporations do. i see from your post history you like to troll
yeah if i was going to post up in the midwest i would take that route. i will be in a place where i am going to build an unpermitted "shed" then never "dwell" in it because that would be "illegal";D. fuck building and zoning laws. The price of compliance is more than the price of the structure i want to live in, with no value added by the monstrous bureaucracy
only if you like mind numbingly boring menial reptitive tasks for $150-$200 a pound which takes usually a ~day if you are good and the weed is good. some people can knock out 2 lb a day
word
is that a drug ;)
You have to do it during a certain time of the year and should recieve info about when in your tax bill
One time i was on a road trip with 2 girls they were bored and started talking about the future so i would just interupt them every time they said something about the future that didnt jive with the realm of possibility and inserted facts and info they werent aware of then they began asking more questions, by the end of it they had said every futurist idea and asked every doomer question . life plans were altered, urgent discussions of what to do and how to live in light of this new information took place. Every thing was going to be radically different now a whole new world and future laid ahead Then they went to college and got art degrees and minimum wage jobs. Typical collapse story
peak oil is primarily a transport fuel crisis. if people in the USA switched to driving scooters just that gain in efficiency would delay the transportation crisis for years. Too many 120 pound ladies driving around all alone in 6000pound SUV boxes to get a gallon of milk.
thats the whole point of d3centralized crypto. the corporations.gov cant stop it.
no one even kknos if you are doing crypto transactions how the fuck would they tax it. I can buy handmade shoes from a dude in iran right now with bitcoin and the gov cant do shit once millions are using it good luck
banks will be irrelevant in the crypto future, thats the whole point. fuck goldman and citi. yes i can buy bread with bitcoin at the local farmers market. gas can be done too but it involves going through complicated bullshit right now. eventually though it will be as easy as pressing send to a QR code on a gas pump.
peer to peer lending.. banks dont control all the wealth in the country.
ask the opinion of someone who doesnt undertand bitcoin for their opinion of it? naw im good like asking blockbuster for its opinion on netflix
so what is gas in relation to ether? .00001 ether? this is what im trying to figure out
what do you mean it is variable? like sometimes it is .01 eth sometimes .00001? keep in mind im not talking about how much a specific thing costs in gas, im asking what is gas in relation to eth? if i buy one ether how much gas do i have?
thanks that is very clear and concise, definitely the best ive read yet for explaining to non tech people.
source? i looked at data about global fracking plays in the past and i only saw a few serious ones mainly argentina and saudi arabia
&gt;You see how ridiculous this sounds? coming from a cat, sounds crazy
its a marketing ploy
including those times when it wasnt a manmade desert destroyed by unsustainable practices. its deserts supported humans at 3-5 orders of magnitude less population. biophysical limits are real. they only exist now because the foreighn exchange brought in from oil
you would have to ask a more specific question.
i will not take that bet because i think you are right. and as a millenial i would never defer gratification or risk my avocado toast when i could eat it right now. Gluten-free Paleo avocado toast of course. only the finest
cryptocurrency will give you quick losses just as well as quick returns. be careful to consider how long you can sit on a loss of notional value without locking in a loss by needing to pull funds during a bear market.
i get what you are saying about lame jobs but why shovel pigshit for someone elses gain?
#something something avocado toast bootstraps get moar jobz clearly it has to be the individuals fault it cant be systemic decline
this is just the begining of the flight from fiat. the real madness wont be until the next bailouts and financial crisis hit.
since crypto float in value in relation to fiat the stability or lack thereof is irrelevant. If fiat stops working people would be transitioning to crypto. obviously if internet , electric grid are down we got bigger problems and bullets will probably be money
where how i get chart you show?
im not sure collapse and grid down are highly correlated variables. ive seen many grid down situations without collapse and as for the opposite i couldnt say since i dont know how you are defining collapse. There are certainly failed states that still have functioning grids. im not saying grids cant fail or collapses cant happen and shut down effective cryptocurrency use. I dont see those scenarios on the near term horizon except maybe real black swan type stuff
troll
The real solution here is for you to start a punk band with some other angsty teens and get laid.
&gt; BTC is a blockchain at it's simplest form. There is value to a simple system that works. And believe it or not, it can scale, and it will, we'll see the tipping point reached on consensus in short time in my opinion. i hope you are right because i have no way to exit my position for at least 2 days. lol I dont see why ethereum couldnt act as a store of wealth+. i want a currency i can use not some frozen thing. that being said im 100% bitcoin so basically will be fucked by the flippening. if btc loses its dominance and first mover advantage what benefits does it even have over something like litecoin?
if your parent physically remove you without a court ordered eviction you can sue them and win easily. You would make at least $1500 off of it
Unlike the war in iraq , the war in afghanistan, the war on terror and the war on drugs, this is one i think we might be able to win!!! im excited that i will be able to feel like america is back on top and great again!!!
stop oppressing us with your logic
#murica
prepare for trollz
i dont care if some one start a shitpost thread . i just hate when the comments are full of conversation derailing moron trolls.
new zealand. good luck.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=coOxrm4CU0U
i wouldnt even go murder a billionare i would just tell them they have too much land and some of it belongs to my tribe now. i would make them an offer they cant refuse
I usually find those during the day. game cameras are the sneaky ones to watch out for. there have been a few times when i have been caught on game cams. I only know because ive found them after passing them many times without noticing them. I could have just destroyed them but usually i just flip tthem to video mode and do a funny hobo dance on camera.
i just dont fuck with dogs. most wealthy people dont have dogs at their estates because they arent there very much.. . most upper class people have little poofter dogs that arent threatening. my biggest conflicts come from their personal security thugs. Ive been brutally attacked by them before while on public property near their places. Cops wont do shit about it. Now that cellphone cameras are a thing i hope i can catch an asswhoopin by a private security gaurd on camera and get some payout.
i enjoy camping and exploring and i dont enjoy people telling me they own the earth when they didnt make the earth. that really just boils down to might makes right. I just push it as far as i can go without getting caught. i do take food and water from the wilderness they claim to own and sometimes i do utilize houses that are owned by non human entities like banks or trusts. I often do research in the tax records to find absentee land owning corporations/trusts etc.. It is easy to do now most of that stuff is online.
this fucking thread. im cracking up irl
sure. PM me
im not crazy, the people that wake up everyday and sit in a cubicle are crazy.
tell me about this technology
i just never understand this question. why the fuck does anyone try to stay alive? why do people in 3rd world hellholes try to stay alive? here is an alternative question . Why do people who wake up and do the same repetitive menial tasks sitting in a cubicle try to stay alive? Because enjoyable stuff still happens sometimes.
&gt; what's the point. to live longer and have popcorn to eat while watching the apocalypse. beats netflix imo
i originally set out to hop trains but i always had to hitchike to the train yards so instead i just kept hitching
if you use the RES app (reddit enhancement suite) and embed links as .png on imgur somehow they will show up in there with the text. for those using RES
satosshi would probably want bigger blocks and segwit. which chain has both. what if satoshi dumped for eth. lol
go find some punks and buy them beer so they let you stay at their squat
im pretty sure mermaids do it they have fingers. i saw a documentry about them on discovery channel
good luck getting them to cook or eat the vegetables. tell them to chop them and put them in the ramen/pasta .
move to finland?
i think its more likely people will need extreme literacy to fill out all the dictionary sized stacks of welfare paperwork correctly to be able to get food rations
100% file a police report about it with internal investigations. That cop is a straight up predator. ive been victimized by police many times when i was homeless and if you dont have this filed on paper with your own backup copies you will have no recourse. dont be lazy about it. act now before you are victimized.
# blowback from NSA software it uses to fuck citizens of the USAs privacy and security. but when the norks do it, its bad all of the sudden
r/trashy
I think the answer to this question is that the system is so complex that we don't know, that includes the experts/maniacs with their hands on all the economic levers. The proximate cause will likely be unknown until afterwards. Overall it may be hard to distinguish between necessary conditions,sufficient conditions, and proximate cause. I think of the economy as an apartment where the stove is leaking gas , eventually the light switch will get flipped causing an electrical arc blowing the whole thing up. Neither the light switch or the gas leak are sufficient to cause explosion alone. I can tell you for sure that the global economy is leaking gas and over a long enough timeline something will spark.
#**(ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻** · The élites became stratified, and politics frozen · The peoples’ allegiance became taken for granted, at the same time that the élites chose to ignore threats to the peoples’ way of life · Social mobility declined, and change is fiercely resisted · Rather, élites work to maximize their wealth and status. · Elite authority becomes excessively militarized – and justified as ‘saving civilization’. · The people rise up and kill them
come to the "colonias" in south texas.... there are some that are like haiti but minus the aid workers and international charities
Yeah 50% of the country seems to worship power and wealth and consider any degradations they suffer because of it to be completely justified. I'm really agnostic with my expectations between revolution &amp; hyper dystopia elite tyranny I won't go without a fight though. Hopefully someday I see kulmthestatusquo as he's being liquidated by the elites secret police that he had been worshipping. And right as he's being pushed into the gas shower he meekly says "I should have joined the resistance "
Maybe they should reduce the budget for wars of aggression and militarism
Broken clock is right twice a day. Peter schiff has been calling it for over 10 years straight and trying to shill for gold. Just another 1% douche trying to offload shitty investments on stupid wannabe investors
I was banned for asking them why dont they hire assasins on the darkweb murder market to kill jihan wu.
it wasnt dumb for their wallets it was just dumb for everyone elses wellbeing
bernanke made a similar statement right before housing bubble popped
the arguments you will get are informed from an ecological perspective that says any additional net environmental impact from anything is a pure evil especially for money. They dont care about the technical aspects of why mining is necessary for bitcoin network. crypto is secondary to the biosphere. It is a sane perspective. my argument is that bitcoin can massively reduce environmental impact by displacing so many legacy systems . there will be a transitional phase but if we survive long enough it will lead to substantial relative decoupling from environmental impact versus legacy system and all the sycophants clinging to that earth parasite.
14 years, because elites have longer life expectancies
BERNANKE. Well, unquestionably, housing prices are up quite a bit; I think it's important to note that fundamentals are also very strong. We've got a growing economy, jobs, incomes. We've got very low mortgage rates. We've got demographics supporting housing growth. We've got restricted supply in some places. So it's certainly understandable that prices would go up some. I don't know whether prices are exactly where they should be, but I think it's fair to say that much of what's happened is supported by the strength of the economy. BERNANKE: Well, I guess I don't buy your premise. It's a pretty unlikely possibility. We've never had a decline in house prices on a nationwide basis. So what I think is more likely is that house prices will slow, maybe stabilize: might slow consumption spending a bit. I don't think it's going to drive the economy too far from its full employment path, though. You can see some types of speculation: investors turning over condos quickly. Those sorts of things you see in some local areas. I'm hopeful — I'm confident, in fact, that the bank regulators will pay close attention to the kinds of loans that are being made, and make sure that underwriting is done right. But I do think this is mostly a localized problem, and not something that's going to affect the national economy.
thats what i was talking about
cant watch tldw:?
We will be replacing it with a new program called austerity
&gt;Online dating, feminism, and the economy have destroyed the dating scene entirely. online dating expanded the ability to see available women. Feminism means you dont have to pay for them anymore. The economy is shit but the same amount of fucking is still happening im pretty sure. &gt;When you have hundreds of single men at a woman's fingertips, don't expect her to ever settle down with one. why should she have to? some people arent interested in monogamy, not all men want it either. Search for someone that actually wants longterm monogamous relationship. You can see if girls are signaling for that right on the dating websites. &gt;2) When the cult of feminism has convinced a sizable portion of women that men are evil and are the cause of all of the world's problems, don't expect them to be interested in one. Feminism can also mean you believe in equal rights for women. Sometimes you have to adapt to social changes. If you are hanging around manhaters and blaming it on feminism maybe just go hang out with non-manhating women. Shitty economy isnt stopping people that live on $2 a day from shitting out babies 5X the rate of europeans. So clearly you need to just start fucking in the front hole more often if you want to reproduce.
