This post would be true if GG had died down, but they haven't. They show up to conventions with stupid MRA shit at diversity in gaming discussing and get kicked out
Rand Paul has to be the least progressive candidate in the running.
So Andrew luck if a bad qb?
Ah, I see my mistake. Tables don't work well on my mobile app and I was reading from the wrong table in the classic difficulty. Thanks!
OMG did you actually read that article?
It's only use to me seems to be extracting money from trades that were going to happen anyway. What you're saying is you like the investment vehicles that you can use because of them?
Well your argument doesn't make the point you were attempting. It was the entirety of your post.
Why is that an exciting proposition? The worst thing about fallout 3 was the way it deviated from fallout not in the ways it was similar
We register where we live to vote...
It's not crazy, we saw one get turned into a walker on the show
You wouldn't believe how hard it is for me to find women's clothes at reasonable prices.
WiiU has been out for 2.5 years...
I'm pretty sure it's going to be Olly killing Jon.
What 12 year isn't constantly masturbating and thinking of every girl he's ever met?
Yeah qyburn tons cercei that he will be the hand
I remember tons of people getting married in that day.
I don't think he was saying sacks are all that matter. He's saying fairley never plays and when he does he's only rarely very good.
The only people who were free in this country up until very recently were rich white men.
[Spiderman renew your vows](http://kotaku.com/tomorrow-s-spider-man-comic-undoes-one-of-marvel-s-stup-1708455771)
Lower gravity would make pissing less forceful, though.
Wait, so the buster sword I have already won't work for Zack and braver isn't going to be good anymore? Shit....
They said he was tampering with the alarm. As in damaging the facility where they were staying.
Just look at what he did when Calvin was hurt.
Those hones, though
Splatoon
Were they writing the time just for Arizona? Yay it's up now!
I don't think you know what ad hominem means...
There no evidence that the IED thing is on the up and up and ton against it. And yes, dead IDF agents are better than deaf children, although it's a false choice. I take issue with the way you've characterized Vietnam, too. They came home to shouts of "child killer" because of shit like mei lai
Lol, that's not how it works.
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2013/03/godwins-law-mike-godwin-hitler-nazi-comparisons.html
Jackanapes really cannot be effected by elemental damage.
No, we don't really know how beric revives people or how Melisandre does her magic. Just that they believe it comes from the red god. There's no evidence the gods actually exist only that people believe in them. Which is awesome to me.
Except men's bare chests were treated the same way decades into the 20th century. Men fought for the right to go topless and the scandalousness went away. The same will happen with women. There are places where showing an ankle is a sexualized behavior, but over here where most skin is normal - we don't have freakouts over exposed ankles.
No, I mean that communal living and helping each other are human nature and looking out for number 1 is a byproduct of a terrible system we've built.
Cowards do tons of impressive things
Homeland security didn't exist before 911...
Male chests have also been securely selected for their current form...
I know some people called it a busy, but that was largely agenda driven. Colbert is the standard other people doing the dinner are trying to live up to now.
The $20 plain T-shirt is also made with slave labor.
So you're all right with ballghazi?
You're not a racist, but your team was started by racists. Was the last team to integrate. Was proudly the ask white team and uses a racial slur as it's nickname.
They even absorb dark.
How do they have separate online ranks? You can only connect your nnid to one profile. My wife and I are just playing with the same name. We're tearing it up. Especially her though.
Release - Pearl Jam. My dad died when I was a teen, which naturally means we weren't getting along so well when it happened &gt;oh dear dad &gt;can you see me now? &gt; I am myself &gt;like you somehow &gt;I wait up in the dark &gt; for you to speak to me &gt;I'll hold the pain &gt; release me!
Just Suh and a couple rotational guys.
They're knocking him because Calvin is on his team.. Dumb
But lightsabers are lightsabers.
Rookie caps end up costing a lot of borderline veterans their jobs.
Items are #Daggers * 3* Orichalcum Dirk V * 3* Maneater VI * 4* Swordbreaker VI #Staff * 3* Aura staff IV #Bow * 3* Elven Bow V #Book * 5* Healing Grimoire (Core) #Shield * 5* Genji Shield IV #Hat * 3* Lamia's Tiara V * 3* Red Cap VI #Armor * 3* Demon Mail III * 4* Crystal Armor V ----- Then I got the Murasame on the single pull. Anyway, I had some questions. Is healing grimoire any good? Should I combine my Genji shield to make a 6* Genji shield or keep it for double the Genji shield?
Korrasami forever
I think you're underestimating the time since you've seen it.
It's sasukes.
I couldn't make it through. "Clocks in" "Clocking in" Over and over, often in one sentence after the other... Clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock clock
I'm expecting it to be just like the smash bros dlc
This was a joke on bill and Ted.
Maybe you should go rewatch some xena before making stupid comparisons like that.
Why should the French government be able to censor what bad press my search engine in the US links to?
That would be adequate if they were sending the notice to the sites actually publishing the information rather than going after Google.
There's not a chance the US would support a law that says doctors should be able to demand search engines hide results that show newspaper articles about their malpractice suits.
Why would I support the American Vincent censoring French search results?
And yet the case used was a doctor who didn't want people to find out about his malpractice suits. That seems like a public interest to me.
It's still on the internet, it just won't show up on Google.
If you'd read the case that started this shit, you'd know you're full of shit. This whole thing started because a doctor wanted links to news articles about malpractice suits against him not to show up when his name was searched...
If you'd read the case that started this shit, you'd know you're full of shit. This whole thing started because a doctor wanted links to news articles about malpractice suits against him not to show up when his name was searched...
France would have to spend a ton of resources setting up a China style firewall.
No, Europeans just don't have any concept of free expression. All sorts of speech is criminal over there.
Huh? How is it remotely like that?
Google isn't displaying information.
So people don't have a right to know that their doctor might kill them? I think they're doing it for two reasons. Primarily, the law is ineffective - French people are just searching from other regions websites. Secondly, they want money from Google. I think it's interesting that French people who "value privacy" so much, are proving that they think they are entitled access to this kind of information just like Americans by their behavior (circumventing the .fr site to get access to data that's being removed) France and the EU really only have one option of they want this kind of law to be effective. A great firewall China style.
Has it really been out that long?
I misread and thought he said FE10
I completely misread that
They should, they don't actually need facilities in the EU to make money selling ads to people. Then we can keep our open internet
It's really the only way for the NFL to continue to grow and profit. North America is a saturated market for the NFL, all they can do to make more money from us to try and squeeze more from existing fans.
It would be USA gold with Canada Japan and Mexico fighting for silver and bronze
Right!
Except we know it's not true. Every rape victim who wants to see her attacker punished has to sit through defense attorneys slandering her and bringing up her sexual history and manner of dress as if it's somehow relevant. Then there's cases like with Love Bryant and Ben Roethlessberger and the Steubenville thing.
&gt; only 46% percent get reported Don't you think that supports the conclusion of rape culture existing?
Huh?
&gt;inherent shame of being a victim of a sex crime Why should the victim be the one shamed?
Bringing Phoenix is a good idea, I am going to copy you now.
We're in the catch-up window right now aren't we?
That's kind of funny. I also didn't know he was coming to Detroit.
Shame isn't inherent in being victimized and shame vent is internalized stigma. I know many women who are not ashamed of the things that happened to them.
Imagine how any other company would be treated of they created DLC that you could freely share with your friends. You're being ridiculous.
It's average priced DLC that unlocks in multiple games, isn't tied to your account or console and is an added bonus with popular figurines. Again we're Microsoft, or Sony implementing cross title freely sharable DLC they'd be sainted by gamers.
BTW if you haven't.. Brutal legend is fun even if all its parts don't seem to fit together.
Im probably not getting happy home designer, but kk slider is awesome.
He's changed since then, don't you think?
Or you're just doing trigonometry..
What did Sony do that was impressive? They let people know that Yu Suzuki was doing a Kickstarter and that square was going to ruin ffvii. It had literally nothing to do with Sony.
And I already have an elven bow, rube staff+, lamias tiara, and black belt gi so there will be a lot of combining here. Still none if these things are IX synergy :(
How exactly do I watch the digital event. Particularly on my WiiU, because the website is pretty broken on the web browser.
No, they aren't translating then at all, just writing Japanese sounds with English letters. Sehkret? Ugh. Orthoros? They don't even go with Orthos.
I made the same mistake when I started, I didn't even understand how combining worked and thought the katana and glove that the shinra tower event have me were worthless.. Oops
I S/L constantly, one or twice per stage usually, more on bosses.
Hurray! Right after I finished the other dungeons! And my 6* trident ++ is going to be amazingly great!
And when they made that decision, it didn't have any games to play. So they bought it just so they could watch The Matrix
Jeremy was the last video before do the evolution..
That album has so many just raw emotional songs, I'm glad there isn't a video for most of them. Release still makes me cry every time.
I prefer most of the rest of Pearl Jam's library to that song. It's not bad just not my cup. When it was released it felt to me like Pearl Jam was being pressured by the label to release something harder and less meaningful because that's where the market was going at the time with other empty harder sounding rock becoming popular Korn, limp bizkit, etc. When I listen to Pearl Jam I want Eddie V to be emoting and make me feel something. Joy, loss, love, "do the evolution" just feels empty compared to the rest of the band's work. (For me)
My dad died when I was fifteen, so it really resonates with me.
Anyone see how bad Splatoon looks in ads for it?
What are you trying to do with the graphical display?
&gt;Thoughts arrive like butterflies, &gt;He don't know so he chases them away... Look, criticizing Pearl Jam for intelligible lyrics is sometimes fair, but calling Pearl Jam a corporate rock band is so far from reality.
That's a great thought, buy I beat Darrils tomb after that announcement.
The state's case is also that she was killed after endangering herself by letting Adnan in her car. Neither is saying she did anything wrong. The only people suggesting it are the people like you here.
The payphone that the start witness at best placed way far away from the location where one might have been maybe?
They're only meaningfully different if you think buying weed deserves to get someone killed... It doesn't any more than giving a friend a ride does, nor is it an attack on her character.
Butz better not catch him!
**Just** codename STEAM?
Premature how? 2012 to 2017 is pretty close to the normal console cycle. The previous generation was anomolmously long.
It's not free to play players that call them whales, it's the developers of these kind of games.
Lies and false promises are better than nothing?
It's intended for cutting, you intended to cut someone. Was this supposed to be satire?
This assumes he paid for sex. He didn't he paid for company - which he got.
Does Jerome Bettis know how little Fairley played last year?
They're the whole reason I didn't go see pitch perfect 2.
They have several different conversations for each stage.
I remember when this happened, racist fuck was super excited to shoot some brown people.
You don't need a law like this one to defend yourself if you're home during a burglary...
All these questions and Suzuki-Sama is only being asked about Shenmue. I may be too late, but I'd love to hear about how you managed to get texture making technology for virtual fighter 2. Why did you have to go to the Russians?
Why not have all these measures?
I'm terrible with acronyms. Is this gold per minute?
I think the best for our team might have been the Roy Williams trade.
Best: trading away Roy Williams Worst: sending [Bobby Layne to Pittsburgh](http://blog.detroitathletic.com/2009/11/29/the-shocking-trade-of-detroit-lions-legend-bobby-layne/)
Please just read our threads from last season after be got the surgery and chef. It sounds exactly like you right now . Then he turned in a goose egg of a season.
Those only exist in one mode, though
Yeah, he's talking to the whole world, but in this case America is one of the places with the biggest love of weapons manufacturers.
Japan and Canada can put together really good teams.
This particular khalisar is led by over if Drogos bloodriders who left when he died, refusing to recognize dany add khaleesi.
My cousin has a Chrom sword fighter
I'm kind of bothered that they're separating the different ffvii games. I'd like ffvii record synergy to work in all of them.
That specific flag only gained popularity after the war when groups like the KKK used it. Chances are, your ancestors never fought under that flag. You're not honoring them by using it, and your family members that fly are a tiny bit more racist than others simply because they don't give a shit about the racist messages communicated through the flying of it.
Also good shows cost more money
Because he was a fucking human being and came and said he'd been wrong.
The show's been running long enough, it will end of its own accord soon
Kellen Moore isn't a recent udfa pickup.
There are too many damn steelers and cowboys fans.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_source
This idea might help you out a bit https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_source
There's a difference between shouting things at a passerby and this...
Herpes isn't a big deal.
And? They were still selling them at the time.
And there's a billion other times when that man said otherwise.
Costs not as high as they would be otherwise. Things required to be covered that weren't before. There ARE cons, but yours are erroneous.
Boomers are an especially large and influentially bloc of seniors. Past generations have been able to take over from their predecessors much sooner than genx and millennials because we haven't been able to displace the boomers. (Boomers have been politically very important for close to fifty years)
I think that's the opposite of the issue they want to resolve though isn't it?
[I guess there's a movie about that](http://www.slate.com/blogs/browbeat/2013/10/18/_kill_your_darlings_writing_advice_what_writer_really_said_to_murder_your.html)
I didn't read the car, but I thought it was about athletic performance claims.
It doesn't sound like it. It sounds like he thinks they were created as a reaction to the scotus shutting down state exchanges... Neither of which would be true.
Here's the thing, the ACA explicitly leaves open the possibility for individual states to craft better solutions. Vermont has already done so.
They're also arguing that coming to pick someone up standing on the side of the street is the same as picking someone up standing on the side of the street.
You realize that was a reaction to a pop culture event, right?
I didn't call you stupid. I said that description is stupid. I view freedom differently from conservatives. That's just the way they brand their views when marketing them. They use the word a lot even when describing things that make people less free. They even brand being in favor of marriage discrimination as freedom issue. It doesn't portray any kind of reality about them.
* Slowing the growth of health care costs in the united States is a big deal. * Covering millions of previously uninsured is also a big deal. * your analogy is shit (most are that's why we use them so we can avoid talking about the actual thing where our point isn't as strong) * We can do better, I think the ACA is a first step. Vermont has already begun the next. If we'd been less determined in the nineties to get the perfect solution and had accepted a program like the ACA, we may be at Universal health care today - instead we're twenty years behind where we could have been.
I couldn't even understand this post.
I agree.
How does this explain /u/Andoo comment? Edit: oh! The loved person was Mitch!
You have to be rich to get into that much debt
Nope, check out all of the Titans recent first round picks. They've all gone into July.
My wife is 5'10" But I'm 6'4" I don't run and scream when she wears heels. Especially not those thigh high boots she has.
It's not uncharacteristic of him at all. At least not this decade.
And he was already sleeping around it's not like she "started it" by doing this.
That was already covered, not height so much as the distance from dick to floor. Let's call that d2f
Part of it is that the game has been adopted by overtly racist places live stormfront
[Did you miss this recent one?]( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/bju.13010/abstract;jsessionid=6560FAEF7DFF9CA093566332D47F42D8.f04t04)
Working at HP... They've pretty much nailed the culture of those companies. They're good at taking all the SV speak and pointing out it's ridiculousness. (Moonshot, making the world a better place through... Etc..)
That's not been a problem for me. I've never had my size seen as an issue.
I get this chain because my wife is marathoning scrubs
It was the same way for men, into the 20th century. They actually had to organize and protest to be able to go topless and for it to be accepted.
I mean, SV is office space + beavis and butthead.
You really thinking dodging only costs someone 40 seconds? There's the time for the queue, the time and energy negotiating and communicating with your teammates about team comp. Guess what happens if you succeed at getting a good comp together? Some loser wanting to optimize his climbing instead of actually play the game dodges because he's a coward and then you're dumped out to start all over. This tends to occur several queues in a row and next thing you know it's been 15-30 minutes and you haven't even started a game yet. Dodgers are assholes.
Murder isn't why people are in solitary. Also, what punishment would be cruel or unusual if you are justifying it by comparing it to murder? Having your balls smashed in daily is that cruel? Well not compared to murder in cold blood.
Cut his head off!
Could you have a shittier title?
Smash and fgc don't overlap. I hang out with both groups ... Lol
Leslie Jones got cat because she's black female Chris Farley
And a black guy everyone seems to forget about...
How playable? Are you considering a specific percentage of chapters?
Colts because that would be insane.
&gt;Criticizing Islam isn't racist. A racist can criticize Islam, but no matter how you want to word it, there's nothing racist about criticizing a religion. Then you understand what is being communicated here and are just being contrary for entertainment? Most criticism I see of Islam is primarily motivated by prejudice. Take it how you like, but arguing over what words mean is a bad way to do make an argument.
Lol, you're the one who thought religious freedom only applied to interacting with the government. I can see the embarrassment and attempt to deflect in here from you getting caught arguing from ignorance. It's really funny.
That and running away to junior college and Auburn because he was about to get expelled for cheating. http://espn.go.com/ncf/news/story?id=5783051
except he did win a super bowl...
I thought that animation was awesome. I really don't get the beef with it. The motion in that fight was so well captured. It was some of the best in the series. I think some people were put off by the decision to go with it that way, but I was impressed. That was quality animation - and really showed the power of the two fighters.
A team at Namco developed Smash Bros for 3DS and Wii U... Pacman was put in smash by Namco. Sega didn't make sonic boom games
You have it backwards. If you're unarmed, you're a terrorist. If you're armed you're peaceful... Somehow...
The french and Indian war had just ended
You're buying these guys bullshit pretty hard
The police had already returned the home to the landlord so it wasn't destroying a crime scene, but it was still despicable.
Congrats, you own a large property.
Ummm the Lions figured that out last year. Everyone's been copying them
Yeah, it's more interesting for characters the audience cares about to participate in the story than it is for random people to be the focus.
Like the time spike tries to rape Buffy, then he gets his soul and Buffy teams up with him, but everyone's mad at her for looking past what he did to her.
Freakazoid?
I heard that knowing jokes leads to STDs
I'd say Wii sports sold a buttload of Wii's. You cannot discount the title that convinced so many to purchase something just because it came with.
That's passer rating QBR is a BS thing ESPN invented
It was the year the skins demolished everybody in the playoffs with rypien at quarterback. Lions could have had the Super Bowl that season. Potato skins were one of the best teams all time that year.
Yes, the Lions. So many free wins against the jags and titans. Hell, swap with the Texans instead of the Colts. Same thing. None of the AFC South teams could have any success in the NFC North
Is he going to play for free?
There are lots and lots of Jim bob's where he comes from
Ummmm... There's never been a running of an incomplete pass where the ball didn't touch the ground other than when a player was out of bounds before they wrangled it in.
You can tell by the design of these things that it was early/mid nineties
So a Chinese company made a knockoff nes that they sold in Russia. They also made bootleg versions of games to play on it. They would alter then in a variety of ways, and wanted customers to believe they created them. Nintendo later made this company the official distribution company of SNES in Russia
In this case, they simply have some code that checks to see if the title screen still has © Konami on it, because the company producing the bootlegs liked to remove copyright notices.
I... What did this edit even accomplish?
Ummm... He was drafted in 2007...
I get it, everyoneone on Reddit hates Hillary Clinton...
Reddit needed a bad woman. They're far more likely to get angry about women who think they're add important as the men
Rice played on some pass heavy teams
They can also refuse to interview if they are sure a team knows who it's going to hire. Line when the Lions couldn't get any non white male candidates to accept an interview because they knew mooch was their guy. The Lions were rightfully fined for violating it
No he isn't
It still stirs that memory, but your right. My dad cannot die a second time. So I've got that going for me... Which is nice.
that's kind if the point if the post man....
UGH
Then why would you say something so shitty?
Unfairly maligned? For being upset that a woman is competent?
A) no they really can't, at least not do it well B) the work at minimum wage jobs is hard and demanding
Because the offense would just line up fast, snap the ball and get free yards
He once spent six minutes trying to figure out how to rob the Lions of a safety.
The tackle box has nothing to do with this play
Caldwell has a better track record as a head coach than McDaniels.
And none of those things are needed. The twins especially, they were just an offhand comment. The stuff about the tesseract was a place for shield to tell a story rather than anything that mattered for the movies.
He's very hostile to anyone who is religious.
You should be using her name because it's her name... Although I don't know about why you're afraid of someone on Reddit being a skeleton.
Omg, I can't wait to do this!
And Caitlyn says she's always felt like she was actually a woman. She's always been this person and is now changing her name and body so others can recognize her as such. I didn't say anything about a middle name...
No
It was published as six books.
Six
Have you listened to the new album? He produced like 30 of them and he was amazing
Except when they go to seize cattle they bring an army with guns and the cops back the down...
Venus was so beautiful
I live in Gainesville now instead of Michigan so it's probably NCAA football instead of NFL football.
Yeah, there's a reason I never adopted the label, even though it's been my primary hobby my entire life.
Right, but that's entirely about David and that what he did was wrong. I don't want people to end up sending this woman the message that her experience and feelings are wrong and she's wrong for not feeling victimized.
So now she's responsible for current abuse?
I always had finals in high school in January...
One of my first encounters with the series was an anime I rented http://fireemblem.wikia.com/wiki/Fire_Emblem_(anime)
There's only one reason. Referees, they are always favorable to Green Bay.
And?
Shouldn't that be why we ARE doing them?
Eh, it makes trying to do lots of killing/stealing on the stage with Tauroneo, Jill and Zihark a bit less safe for some of your people.. But I'm just mostly bothered by having missed someone. And the fact that there are two characters you cannot recruit your first playthrough - both make me crazy.
&gt; We can post penalty statistics that show we are not in the top of beneficiary penalty calls. That you think the "Fail Mary" is the worst call in the history of professional football is kind of making the point for me. It's not even the worst call involving the Packers. It's not even the worst bad call that went AGAINST the Packers. Have you forgotten the time Mike Carrey took six minutes trying to figure out how to take a Safety away from Detroit in Lambeau? The statistic you're mentioning doesn't measure what we're discussing. It is only about penalties levied, and not about fuckups. I know it's hard to accept that part of your team's success is officiating biases, but the Packers don't even make the playoffs this year without it.
If that's the case for you, borrow it from someone else for the unlock.
The inkling boy and girl were plentiful, just not the squid.
They haven't been able to get them to run on 3DS without some hacks that they don't like. They don't want to charge people money when they can't make them the right way. The only GBA games on 3DS have been free
No, most people don't guide themselves by that garbage.
But not by most people when they use it. The people arguing over it aren't anywhere near most people.
That's different from what some other sources I looked at suggested, but I'm not going to look them up and believe what you're saying.
I'm going to use card mod on you
Why is he fighting so hard for the legal right to sick hordes of mouth breathing sycophants to threaten rape and death on his ex?
I was actively running away from it until over day I needed something to read while I shat and goblet of fire was on the back of the toilet. I felt like a jerk for having run away. Don't start with reading philosophers stone, because its the most "for kids" of all the books.
Why does it make you cringe? It's entertaining
Why does he assume George Orwell deserved a better grade for his essay?
No, being turn based is a huge factor in being *rogue* itself.
It's generally bad form to come in here and argue with Packers fans. I wanted to apologize for doing it, because I'd forgotten where I was. They chose to let Arizona take a shot at beating them by choosing to kick the extra point. Both teams were on the field in overtime.
What counts as organized football?
He's a good coach.
How old are you?
Hispanic means you're from a place that speaks Spanish.
I'm saying you can be Hispanic and still white...
Everytime someone says this it turns out they were calling everyone horrible things
Doesn't matter because they're both going to be infested with trolls who only care about the other one
Did he score enough points to win in regulation? That may be on the coaches though.
Quit spreading this lie, please.
You know what? Fuck you! I've cared about this shit for far longer than two years. Been trying to end emergency managers since the day the Governor enacted that law. Almost kicked him out of his office, too! I have every right to continue to be pissed off. And even though I'm not from Flint I lived close enough that some lead spikes in my son's blood tests from the Summer of 2014 might have been a result of this (it's not like I never went to Flint) Don't bitch about people actually giving a shit. Would you rather continue to be ignored?
She isn't right. AND she's taking a stab to settle a quarter century old grudge
I thought you meant literally ride around on their back all day
Emo was long over by then
Peyton Manning getting a second Super Bowl with a different team would be more historic.
It's OK they carried Schwartz off the field last year and we let them play in our stadium because they didn't realize it snows there and they should have a roof.
under, If it's not with the Eagles, he'll be a HC somewhere else.
an appeals court recently ruled that the law about derogatory trademarks is unconstitutional.
&gt; Riot hammers pick order into us for half a decade. They tried to hammer communication into you for half a decade, but it wouldn't get through our thick skulls. We kept screaming "PIK ORDER NOOB" until they gave up.
YAY it's not Detroit!
Fans have been good and this seems to have been a response to the cardinals inquiring about it. Still, players and coaches were blaming the turf for their suck.
So you'd rather have everyone have to purchase it than be able to share/resell it/use it because you bought it for a different game anyway?
Even more than warhammer had
Yes, like I said the only time we use "University" is when referring to the school itself.
Covering tharjas butt made no sense (and made the picture more provocative). This will hopefully change something just bizarre, cringey and gross into something worthwhile.
Oh yes! I remember that part now. It's depicted as a terrible act and was part of the origin of wizarding Hitler. You're not making your case very well where our hero is drugging someone else in a way that causes her perception to change and fall in love with him and is portrayed as hunky dory
Man, I haven't played a fire emblem game that I didn't like
He goes to the doctor and says ridiculous things, but the poop joke doesn't make it in there. Episode 12 season 4 Go ahead and watch the scene
Yeah, it's much harder on higher difficulties.
That's really fucking sweet
Yeah, I can understand that critique.
Not to yourselves!
And Lions, me likes the Lions, too
It's weird that you DO say the.
And for some reason the office is successful everywhere they take it
It's more district by district than comparing one state to another. I took PE classes instead of health in high school so that I wouldn't have to take one of those stupid fake babies. But in our health classes, they definitely covered sexual health in great detail
The soldier line from the Tellius games.
Garfield was never Peter Parker, only Spiderman.
Maybe you should turn him into stone
In the UP?
With cell phones we've gone back to those days...
You can force their WPG if you shoot them with an arrow when they're preparing their special attacks.
Why do you guys always use a metaphor that brings imagery of you choking down a big dick when you talk about that?
You really think they'll go easy on Sanders? Clinton's been dealing with this shit for decades now. She can handle Republicans going after her. At least that's my thoughts. I also think she'll be better at helping change who's in the legislature than Sanders(She's already raising funds to pay for congressional races and I don't think Sanders is).
Huh?
/u/thekevmaester needs some credit here
Eyeshield21 is really good but doesn't mesh with your list. The new gundan series is awesome
Macho gun fantasies sold to them by the right wing media and bub manufacturers lobby
Ummm. This land is used for recreation, among other things and is accessible to everyone. Government doesn't work the you wingnuts think it does
I mean, one dude brought his kids.. I'd call them hostages
Restructuring is just going to inflate his cap hit at the end his contact for some wiggle room now.
So there's a lot of voiced dialogue in that section of the game. That's really expensive to produce. If it's a feature most people were negative to indifferent on, is it worth it to spend resources reproducing it?
I have that one! But it's held together with super glue at the hinges because my autistic son liked to find it, browse the game store for a bit and then throw it across the room.
I'm in a part of Florida where it's coke, but grew up in a pop state with generous bottle deposits
No she doesn't ever mention molesting her sister
You got him by giving us Alphonso Smith who was good for the one year.
[Is this a reference](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/jZ_ALE86jv4/hqdefault.jpg)?
Nobody is surprised
I let it slip a few months ago and now I'm scared I'm so far behind that it's not worth picking up again.
Beating the Packers in Lambeau. Getting jobbed against the Packers in a game where nobody's going to remember why Aaron Rodgers had an opportunity to throw that Hail Mary.
As Matt Stafford's backup in their seventh title?
They can actually be used as an inheritance vehicle to protect other assets from being taxed.
I have no idea why it's a good, but this is an ancient meme about the Lions drafting Wide Receivers.
Yeah, obnoxious if a good descriptor
I mean, Nintendo was going to change this scene without either of these sides getting involved. It did create another stupid internet shit show and trigger assholes into using the internet to harass a woman again, but it doesn't take much these days to do that.
The current Gnostic sect is inspired by, but not a remnant of ancient Gnosticism.
Wouldn't Manning be recovering from Neck Surgery still?
Did you mean judicial?
I'd forgotten what it did, but remembered the icon
He didn't prove he was a good quarterback in the NFL...
I must compliment this sick burn..
OK, so this isn't new information. This is just what happened before the previous statement.
To me, Duskblade is better once you're out of laning phase with Quinn. During laning, Quinn needs to poke and harass. She'll be putting the passive on cooldown for no good reason constantly. Once she's roaming - if she's ahead - I think it can be a way to make her scarier to opponents.
Washington Slurs - I'm Pottawatomie and they ruined our best shot at winning a Superbowl.
&gt; But you do know that we aren't supporting him based on a single issue. He's running on a single issue. &gt;I personally cannot vote for her because she voted yes for the Iraq War. Maybe you should read what she actually voted "Yes" for with Iraq.
I feel pretty good. Any random champion loot will get me there
If it was about the build path, Lucian wouldn't be the only marksman it works well for. I think the range nerfs were a smart way to handle him.
Fisherman Jizz
Queue as 5
This "option" existed before - it was selecting fill or support as a secondary. People weren't choosing it. I don't know why you care, though. It's never going to affect you.
Maybe just post one tweet in a chain, or storify it?
Adrian Peterson demands too many touches and Bridgewater isn't that good.
Don't Boo! Vote! BTW content is unavailable
Sorry, this content isn't available right now The link you followed may have expired, or the page may only be visible to an audience you're not in. Go back to the previous page · Go to News Feed · Visit our Help Center
They said this with dots, hon, smite, hots, etc... It's just not going to happen, friend.
&gt;for Clinton supporters I think you've almost arrived at the answer for this.
Except I've given you a pretty in depth response, haven't I?
The GOP guys were too busy trying to take each other out to get one on one with Trump. They put Clinton one on one with him as a result.
I'm feeling stupid right now Which fallacy is this an example of?
And yet he keeps getting elected here. He's popular enough at least to maybe prevent republican voter falloff in Florida. He will be doubling down on wealthy scam artists, though.
Madden Looks spectacular graphically now. It's a shame they stopped producing Madden for anything I'm willing to buy.
Shouldn't they wait and only declare their endorsements AFTER the state votes? And even then, they should only endorse the winner - unless the winner is Hillary Clinton then they should endorse Sanders anyway. Otherwise they're putting their thumbs on the scale and rigging the election. /S
The entire reason the south tried to leave was over slavery. Try reading any of their contemporary documents about it. Each state had its own articles of secession and they made it clear that their "right" to own other humans like cows was their motivation.
There were four accounts involved on the data breach..
I always assumed redstate was down with the racism. Teaches me no to judge people a little, but that the rest of the Republicans seem excited about or at least accepting of suggests that I'd mostly be right to judge.
How does Joe Barry have a coordinator job anywhere? He's terrible at his job and only got his first one because he was married to the head coach's daughter.
Can we make it a rule to either post a single tweet from a chain and link the others in comments or to storify them? This is ridiculous.
Like teams always running nickel or dime when Theo Riddick is on the field?
Clinton's billing. &gt; Staged at the historic 5,900-seat Greek Theater in Griffiths Park, the event will feature Mrs. Clinton, of course, plus Christina Aguilera, Andra Day, John Legend, Ricky Martin and Stevie Wonder. Compared to &gt; Democratic Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders will host A Future to Believe In San Francisco GOTV Concert on Monday, June 6. The free event will include live music provided by Dave Matthews, Fishbone, Fantastic Negrito and John Dexter Stewart. Dave Matthews is the only name on there I recognize and Stevie Wonder and Xtina are both bigger than Dave. John legend and Ricky Martin are way bigger than these other nobodies.
Who gives a shit about anything that guy has to say?
What's fracking have to do with Flint? Be coherent at least.
"changed" Uh-huh
&gt;The one guy You all keep saying that, but he created several accounts that all accessed it. And no, Sanders camp didn't report it.
If only I had cable
I agreed with him during the ACA debate when he caught a bunch of shit for describing the Republican plan as "don't get sick, but if you do - die quickly" I really liked that, but he's really become unhinged.
Just a dream is terrible storytelling
He's a man wearing the face of Jaqen
Was it? Or was that part of the trippy hallucinating thing that happened before she went blind. Hallucinating was a lot more extreme in the books.
The original tweet links fracking to Flint. They're unrelated.
This has been posted a hundred times, please look first
Hint: they're all right!
Oh! You're the author? Thanks for sharing this.
&gt;when the time comes. It came already. We'll see what he does
Jill Stein playing Nader?
Rodgers will just fake a foul either way.
How responsible? Do you keep locked up, unloaded with the ammo in a separate location?
I don't understand how he thinks anyone could get a full refund. He done blew all the money
You'll go over the limit in no time
We have to give you massages now? Why are you so demenading?
When's this going down?
You don't give children throwing temper tantrums candy.
Even I'm willing to give him until the end of this week.
She also did come out screaming and call the game rigged or that the media cheated against her.
Not if he keeps saying the media and DNC conspired to stop him and he's going to keep attacking and dividing us.
You don't wait for boos like it's an applause line four intra party contests. He's encouraging boos and has been for months. It's stupid
Lol, he held for boos like it was an applause line. Said he was going to continue pulling his shit into July (our only saving grace is that his campaign is broke and he can't actually afford to do that)
Where do you think those people got those ideas? Straight from Sanders himself who's campaign has primarily been angrily picking fights with liberal champions because they didn't support him and telling his supporters that the Democratic party is trying to stop them from getting college tuition and health care. He's an angry bitter old man and this campaign revealed the worst in him.
We already know they don't after seeing how Wisconsin went. They somehow elected a right wing nutjob of a judge while supporting Bernie.
Because she has actual progressive plans and is competent to perform the duties of the job. Stein doesn't pass the basic competency test and is nothing but a protest vote. Libertarianism is the antithesis of progressive liberalism and Democratic socialism. It's about dismantling the public sphere and handing it over to the private industries that are already taking too much.
Remember when moveon wasn't just a Bernie SuperPAC?
Now they're spreading the trumped up right wing attacks.. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills.
People don't die from videogame bugs
Game of thrones again
He takes three. Count them, still doesn't explain why you brought up a ruling about a going to the ground play, though. http://www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-instant-replay/0ap3000000559588/Golden-Tate-interception-or-TD-Blandino-explains
It's a lot more situational now. Get mercs if there's a lot of hard CC, swifties for slows, zerkers as a default. I don't like lucidity for Quinn. What's the point in CDR on her?
Where did you see college? He said "build a school"
You beat me by three seconds! If only I hadn't added "to Trump" in my title for clarity.
It's the ultimate Twitter insult
It's saying "This tweet was such a failure, You're tweets are so uninteresting." essentially... I'd say it is.
Start at her issues page. It's easy to do. She's been Consistently a Democrat on everything. It's Sanders who hasn't been a Democrat.
That doesn't seem to fit.
Oh god I wish. I was just suggesting that CDR doesn't help much with Harrier.
Yeah I'll have to wait it out. MSNBC is way behind the times on the online stuff. I can use my mother in law's login information to stream other cable networks.
&gt;look at Kobe's situation You mean the situation where Kobe released a public statement that said it was rape?
The ones in the photo look to be closely related
touchbacks are at the 25 now, so you'd still only need 17 yards.
He's acting like he's just been ignoring her actual beliefs and raising her as a stand-in for the actual problems we face for the last year or something? Oh.. wait...
No, I'm not - but he still learned the outside game doesn't work. Sanders only has the outside game.
No it's nothing like that. It's a shame you'd rather shit on America or defend foreigners shitting on America than really address the issue or to allow people to mourn. Outsiders kicking us when we're in mourning and using insulting phrases to describe our country doesn't solve our problem. Could you imagine someone doing something after the Paris attacks last fall like this? "Those Frogs don't have a problem with cultural integration, do they? Viva la dickheads!" (or something like that)
The thing you all like (role selection) is messing with queue times because nobody queues support. The thing you all hate (dynamic queue) let's me play with friends who I know will queue support.
I mean, this is Reddit.
Can I get your email address? PM me
They meant their floor space was going to be all Zelda. Not that they'd only talk about Zelda.
This is overall meaningless, but I disagree with adding cheerleaders.
I love my team, so I'm happy to see those. Is the stadium still in use? Also, take that dodgers!
Completely different organization, would be fighting against Isis today.
What's indefensible about this? How do you think Halo ended up as an Xbox game instead of Macintosh?
I don't give a shit about your loyalty. I don't feel like they have to earn it back.
Why are you watching it, then? This is what treehouse streaming events have always been. I love it
Get away with what?
Then what are you complaining about?
I never thought I'd see a presidential race where a Democrat stood a chance in Kansas
Quinn Why are you trying to farm if the lanes are all pushed in? Sounds like time to try and take some objectives. Otherwise as Quinn, you can farm the whole map. Do it.
Competent female characters are all Mary Sue's now because sexism.
You don't know anything about me other than that I have a negative opinion of "gamer" culture. I say they don't love games because they repeatedly buy games and then complain because the game they bought was garbage. Take watchdogs for example. They bought a bunch of hype about it, they all bought it based on tons of bullshots they were given as trailers and then hated that they didn't get what they thought they were going to. They do it over and over and over. This has to have struck a personal note with you. You read what I said and immediately thought "this asshole must be stopped!" When you have no idea what I'm like or who I am other than this one opinion I have. I was in high school when people first started identifying as "gamers". I'll never understand this idea of wanting an identity and exclusive club of "gamers". "Gamers" are the people that get upset that more people are playing and enjoying videogames. "Gamers' are the people who look down on anything that isn't trying for hyperrealism even though we all know how quickly those games end up looking dated. "Gamers" are the people that mock traditional videogame staples like puzzle games as "casual", when they would be destroyed by most people at games like Tetris. "Gamers"continually buy into slick marketing and then complain like they got ripped off when after they realize the marketing was lie. They do this every year. Right now, they're cheering a bunch of slick trailers from Ubisoft imagining that their games are going to look or play anything like what these trailers show. "Gamers" are the people that throw fits when people suggest that videogames aren't only played by straight, cisgender, white, male teenagers. "Gamers" bought the PS2 at launch because it played movies - despite having no games to play. "Gamers" don't love videogames.
Bernie is the batshit insanest.
&gt;fail to realize voting is over I can think of one particular person that seems not to know that Sanders has lost
He was for a bill that carved out special exemptions from lawsuits for gun manufacturers. There's a slight but important distinction here that makes Sanders position worse in my mind.
Relative Privation is a silly way to argue a point.
Would this be the failure timeline then?
I don't understand koroks in the game over timeline, but I find this evidence compelling.
Not only do I think that the trees will respawn, but you can cross a bunch of different ways.
That's cool!
I've never heard anyone speak against it..
Or, I get bored halfway through and make assumptions about what read written.. My bad
It depends on the earthquake. In earthquake prone areas they should have a disaster plan. They take on *some* responsibility. A meteor strike is probably not something they're taking any responsibility for.
I love shooting at the range!
You still cannot acknowledge that it's a death machine. Why not?
Yeah if "I think you take bribes" is an issue.
Why would you think I'm talking about you when I'm clearly talking about not you? Are you saying they're afraid of me ridiculing them or of Sanders supporters doing it? I'll ridicule ridiculous ideas. I'll ridicule supposed leftists for spreading right wing smears and propaganda. I won't ridicule Universal healthcare, expanded access to higher education or campaign finance reform - those are all things liberals agree on.
Kapitan nailed it. I'm with every piece of what he said.
Storing up to 1kb of information...
You think guns aren't made for killing.
Did I hurt your gun's feelings? I'm sorry man.
At least it's active. Maybe someday https://www.imzy.com/league_of_legends/ or https://www.imzy.com/leagueoflegends Will be able to get some traction and be less of a "Ihatethisgame" circlejerk, but as it stands right now. During the Imzy beta - both of these communities have been inactive over a month.
The big shields are more Roman than Greek
How is he not?
same one actually
The article wasn't written years ago, I'm not a time traveler.
Only because he's late eighties early nineties style country western. He's as pop country as it got.
All I can tell you is that you are not to blame and you got the courage to take care of it to protect someone else. Thank you for protecting others.
And all those other people that also didn't get hit.
Plot armor is really getting stretched thin as a term these days, huh?
Yeah they did, it's just that the main characters were obscured to us. They're called false protagonists.
Yeah, if you don't understand how the cloture rules in the Senate were designed...
Part of the assault weapons ban was effectively a magazine capacity ban... As far as the watchlist thing goes, I'm for adding guns to the list of things you get added scrutiny of for being on that list. I also think it would provide a means for people to gain a way to learn about whether they're on the list and to challenge it.
They both make you fat. Calories are calories.
EH, I think not having had one counts as worst.
Now only count their best teams. Which is what you were doing.
I don't know why you're upset about people commenting on a current situation with current data, though. NFCS is a dumpster fire currently. You got your nose all out of joint, but you're the only person who took it as a comment about the entire history of the NFCS.
One team was good..
This was about a game where Lions would have won if not for a bullshit unearned penalty...
This was more Zulu than Roman
Excellent! I'll be sure to watch your channel. I'll give you a link to my replay.gg, too when I'm not at work. You're amazing.
Can't we wait until the season starts for this bullshit stat?
Dude had his team intentionally sabotaged by management to chase the first pick after losing their HOF QB to injury
No it was a joke about the picture
She's not relaxed. Her vagina can get whole people passed through it.
What the fuck are you on about?
Is it the soundtrack from the game? I'd buy it if I had a turnable and speakers to listen to it with.
So lesbians can't have sex?
How's he supposed to do that? He's not a stark.
But it was already created if it's even real
I didn't hate Bush until he earned it.
Yes we will, and Bernie too if he stops his nonsense
Yeah, well the Bros exist. They're a subset of Brogressives. It's not really a new concept, althought it might be the first time some of these people have been called out for being brogressives.
Creekmur was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1986 after being an eight-time Pro Bowl player, a six-time All-Pro and a three-time NFL Champion in 10 seasons with Detroit.
Yeah, we used to have an agreement that let us cross whenever we wanted. Now we need a passport or an enhanced drivers license. Traffic between the countries has been significantly curtailed by this extra requirement.
Kaine is a terrible pick
Two fumbles lost, maybe....
Somehow, I'm glad he's not a Lion. He's a douche.
DBs can only cover for so long, man. Eventually someone is wide open for an easy pass. What NFL quarterback doesn't have a record breaking season with magical protection from sacks?
I don't see any handicapping or odds in this article. Strange.
I'm saying it's untrue that there is a horde of secret trumpers lying to pollsters. http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/trump-supporters-probably-arent-lying-to-pollsters/
That was just a fire, though. And basically in an open air hut. Wildfyre is like a [thermobaric bomb](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermobaric_weapon) The shockwave alone would be devastating.
Looks similar enough to me, but I'm bad with faces.
Hanson would still be#1
You're saying we use the EITC to continue paying people whom are being underpaid by their employers rather than require their employers pay them decently. Minimum wage increases haven't harmed job growth. I don't see how setting a reasonable rate and indexing it can be seen as a bad procedure particularly when compared to continuing to allow exploitative wages and subsidizing the cost.
How far out?
&gt; Regardless, his PRESIDENTIAL run doesn't have those strings attached, right? For me, that seems to be the more salient issue at hand. His top donor is Alphabet(Google) in the same way that Clinton's top donors are supposedly Saban Capital Group and other banks and as you have pointed out those are individual donation by people who happen to work at those places. Your biggest issue is that you've fallen for the big Sanders con. Yes, There is no doubt that those who get invested into candidates get heard by candidates and we need reforms. It's absolutely NOT true that we cannot accomplish anything until it's fixed. We've gotten quite a few BIG things done in the Obama administration. Also, if that was your issue Sanders shouldn't have been the man you got behind in the primary. It should have been Lessig. Your last quote comes from a realm of insanity that I cannot even consider you to be serious in it. The idea of Trump that campaign finance reformer is hilarious.
Well Brexit was simply a shorthand to name a complicated concept. The -gate thing was intentionally started by a Nixon ally to diminish the significance of Watergate.
Was it pushing cutler down?
You call drinking fountains bubblers...
And Michigan is Canada North. We drive South to cross over to Windsor
Might need to be even older than that. I'm 32 and doubt most of my peers get this reference
Only if you count overtime, though.
What's that have to do with this case or this discussion? We're taking about someone who took a woman into a secret location and started fingering her while she was unconscious.
How is that different than what I described? I'm really not sure what you're correcting here - are you just providing a more detailed description?
Maybe you should reread. I never suggested the second guy was part of the argument I said an argument resulted in two people firing guns and four people shot.
Yeah, it really sucks that I would prefer a situation where the worst case is one person getting punched and nobody shot when someone reacts badly to an argument. I don't see how this view is more skewed than the one celebrating an argument turning into four people shot.
How? What did I get wrong?
Where do I say that two people in an argument pulled guns. I said that as a result of an argument two people pulled guns out and four people were shot. That's what happened. There was an argument which, due to the easy access of firearms ended up with two people shooting guns and four people shot. I cannot find where I said that and neither can you. It's also materially irrelevant who was doing the shooting.
