In Spain and Portugal all the children stay up late and eat dinner very late with the whole family.
This is quite normal in Japan.
I'm a woman, and I hate shopping. My husband has three times more clothes and shoes than me.
not intentionally
That's not hypocrisy. The fact that something is appropriate/necessary in one situation but not other doesn't make it hypocritcal.
You know what is worse than licorice? SALTED licorice. You can buy it in Finland. Jesus :-O
Bloody Tepco
I have this the other way round: for example, I dream of being bitten by a tiger, or having a surgery, and I am (in the dream) in the great pain. When I wake up, I feel fine. I thought that maybe there was something - a stomach ache, let's say - that would trigger that kind of dream, but no, nothing. Sometimes I can feel the pain/bite for a while after I have woken up, and then it disperses. So, I think it can work both ways: sometimes the body sensation can produce a dream, and sometimes a dream can produce a body sensation (BTW, I also often have sexual dreams, in which I am very, very aroused. But when I wake up, I am not aroused at all, the feeling was just in a dream).
Evil Boy is my favourite &lt;3
I lived in Poland during the Cold War, and I was not aware of it happening. I was a child, and then a teenager, interested in Guns n'Roses and some boys from my school, and completely oblivious to any political stuff going on around me (and I rememember the Marshall Law &amp; soldiers etc.). Only when I was in my twenties I realised I lived through the communism and social transformation: when it was happenning, I simply didn't notice.
Yes, Triumphant George says this to all newcomers, jumping dimensions is a functional metaphor.
speak for yourself :-P
My family live in three countries - how can we possibly avoid flying? You cannot travel on a train over the ocean to see your parents ... But I agree that ferries and train journeys can be fun, although can take too much time.
But where? In the middle of the city?
I've been to Kaikoura! Haven't seen any whales though :-(
Wasn't it a turn to agriculture that screwed the planet and our health in the first place? I am seriously asking, and I am veggie (vegetarian, NOT a vegetable)
Me too! But I was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos.
you see Matrix!
http://thoughtbrick.com/meditation/tummo-meditation-depth-guide/
Ehlers-Danlos ...
Me to! :-) I also have EDS :-) unfortunately I do have some other problems associated with it.
wow
how?
:-)
I've seen that film
Get interested in me! I would like to go to the West Coast!
I have the same thing with eyes and colours/tones. Thought everyone had this.
Spiritual leader for sure :-D
that reminds me - when I meditate I stop breathing for long periods of time; no idea how, or why
http://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
http://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/
enjoy the sub, lots of interesting stories there :-)
Good luck on your journey.
Take care :-)
Weird indeed.
Don't lose your hope either, all the best to you! &lt;3
Agent Smith, in particular.
In many cultures you can actually legally marry your first cousins, I wouldn't count it as an incest really.
Maybe it didn't grow suddenly, maybe its whole life span just flashed before their eyes.
oh, what a cutie :-)
I din't have celiac disease, but I have very delicate stomach (due to genetic disease of the connective tissue) that just doesn't properly digest anything too heavy. I can't eat gluten, and lots of other stuff as well, and have to be always very careful of what I actually eat. Gluten, unfortunately, is quite heavy, and - compared to rice, let's say - seems to sit in my stomach forever. Since I've stopped eating it, my health vastly improved, so I will stick to this diet, no matter what other people think.
Except in the UK - sugar is everywhere. You can buy the same youghurt, the same brand, in the UK and - let's say - Findland, and the sugar content is dramatically different.
I've been vegan for 12 years - first 10 years fantastic, and then I started having serious problems. No I eat fish and eggs, which improved my health/.
I don't digest gluten (and many other foods) properly due to genetic connective tissue disorder. I don't have celiac disease, but on the gf diet I feel much better, and don't have to take medicines.
Finland, the country :-D you can but the same brand of youghurts as in the UK but less sugary. The same with juice etc. I was very surprised by that; the same brand, the same box, just different taste.
:-( I'm so sorry
On Reddit dreams come true
North Korea opening.
You know, these things are not exclusive. Being an introvert just means you need to recharge in private (in opposition to people who charge from the contact with other people)
I agree, I cannot do it either, although I am very sociable. There was a good comic online that was explaining this, but I cannot find it. The idea was, however, that the difference between an introvert and extravert was not the way they spend their time, but the way they re-charge their energy. So, the extravert will be someone who gets energised by the contact with others, and when he's alone, he's getting weak. Introvert, on the other hand, recharges while alone, and then looses energy while interacting with others. That makes sense to me.
oh dear
I liked him until I saw Noah. This film was such absolute and total crap, that I started hating Crowe with passion. Nothing personal, but Noah was a pile of shite.
Martin Freeman.
500 Days Of Summer had no plot, it was all about how kooky and cute Zooey was. It was just too much.
there was even a word invented to describe how cute she was 'ADORKABLE'
I disctinctly remember one famous Polish comic author dying a year ago - there was an article about this, and I discussed it with my brother, and he even bought a series of his comics for his daughter (well, really for himself, for the old times sake and all). Yesterday I see an up-date on the showbiz site, and he is celebrating his 92 birthday. What? Also, Keanu Reeves has a different life story. So, there we go.
What a lovely post. Good luck to you and your wife :-)
It must be very difficult for you.
Do you what what is the same of those migraines? My mother just had an identical incident - they thought it was a stroke, but it turned out to be a migraine.
Maybe you are maturing, and Reddit stays the same
You can tell yourself you were embracing Japanese cuisine. Many people eat rice for breakfast, there is nothing wrong about that :-) I'm not American, so I don't understand the whole milk and cereal concept, but a bowl of rice or rice pasta is a great breakfast.
Well, did you eat the fries?
When I was a child, most foods were rationed (communist Poland), so we didn't have much, and meat was certainly rarity. Shops were empty, so even when you had money, you couldn't buy anything. We were never hungry, and I think it was actually nice that all food was home made (I had my first Snickers bar when I was 14), so it was probably healthier, although you had to hunt for hours to find a shop in which they had stuff. But everyone was in the same situation, so we didn't feel deprived, as there was noone we could compare ourselves too. But I remember when I went to the Germany and saw the supermarket I started to cry.
I agree with you.
That's pretty healthy.
I've read a book about North Korean defectors, and one said that she has a recurring dream of her whole family sitting at the table together and eating white rice. It was her biggest, unattainable dream, and the sign of great luxury and wealth.
I grew up seeing empty shelves (communist Poland), so every trip to a supermarket is a happy occassion. I've never been hungry, and I don't eat much, but I just LOVE to look at all this food bunched up together. I love supermarket trips &lt;3
Walking 3 miles to work is a normal distance, but I agree that 6 miles is a bit too much, it would take too much time to walk.
Will you have any pension? What about moving to a cheaper country then, let's say Thailand or something?
The good spirit in which it was received is highly encouraging :-D
Nah http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croque-monsieur
I'm sure they didn't have bad intentions, but very patronizing nonetheless.
This is true. I grew up in a relatively poor country (Poland in the 1970s), but we always had an access to a free health service. So it is shocking how people in America (who sometimes act patronizing towards me as they are from a richer country) cannot afford getting basic treatments for their kids. I am shocked reading all this.
Reddit Christmas Initiative, it had to be panties :-D
I know this kind of humiliation. We used to receive packages and donations from Germany, and I had to be all grateful. Don't get me wrong, it was great, and the people who wanted to help us poor Poles were kind, but it WAS humiliating. My parents were educated people with Phds, they were working, and still we had to accept help from the country that screwed us during the war and was the reason for our country's poverty. I knew all the war stories from my grandparents, and I had this huge dissonance accepting old clothes and food from the Germans. Still, we had too. Now I am a grown up woman living in the UK, but this feeling of inferiority is still somewhere there.
(As I say, those who helped as were really kind, and it was all not their fault - I understand this now and I am grateful. But it was sort of awful)
They used to give chocolate for blood donation.
I was staring in the mirror recently, and somehow I suddenly looked (or that's how I saw it anyway) like an old Aboriginal man, with grey mud painted all over. I am thin, pale red-haired woman. It could be just an illusion of light and shadow, so I am not reading too much into it. I was trying to jump, I have to admit, although I do think mirror is not necessary and we jump all the time anyway. But this sub is so interesting, I thought I would sort of try it this way.
Wellington, NZ. Awesome place.
Me too &lt;3 Love it.
Bucket fountain?
Meh. Sex with a cousin is not really incest.
maybe he's a subway?
I am relatively new to reddit and completely don't understand the gold thing. Is it the real money? How does it work?
I don't understand cake day either ...
If it's legal, and you were not brought up together, I see no harm.
Not really - I don't think the strenght of my conviction is a measure of anything here. I could be very sure of something and wrong.
I've read some people were poisoned in China after eating artificial rice, bulked up with plastic :-(
http://www.rawstory.com/2011/02/report-china-fake-rice-plastic/ but sometimes it's actual plastic
I know, it's evil :-(
A while ago there was a thread on Reddit about the creepiest glitch, and quite a few people mentioned experiencing something similar. Maybe you can trace these posts.
I agree. Someone may loose their life, or their loved one, because an idiot like OP finds it amusing to text and drive. It's illegal, and immoral, and I have zero respect for people like that.
I wonder if Australia could give me citizenship based on a fact I've always felt vaguely Australian? Never been there, but still :-D
Actually, I've read this is much healthier for the body.
Me too.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-cultural_psychiatry
BTW, I agree, I knew someone who was writing a PhD on depression in one of the African countries, and she had to totally re-define depression, and collect the locally specific list of symptoms, that were not present in the Western world.
It is similar in the UK. I've seen a toddler taking his clothes off in a park - the little boy was maybe 2 - and his mother running to catch him and shouting 'OMG you will be arrested'. This is not normal.
Also, SPARTAAAAA!
Pacific Islands mainly ..?
Heh, I remember my parents trying to explain to theri friends from Western Germany that they cannot buy a house not because they have no money, but because there is no such thing as buying a property. Also, they were perplexed why my parents wouldn't move their money to a DIFFERENT bank, as the interest rate was crop, and my father had to explain there are no different banks ...
The romantic notions of marriage are fairly new in human history; for most part of human existence people were choosing mainly such partners that would be accepted by their families, able to provide for them and their children, had good social standing etc. - not because they had beautiful eyes.
Yes, multigenerational houses.
Gay people are not infertile. It's not about adoption, but rather regulating the legal situation of the children gay couples already have.
Yes, wireless shower would be cool.
Ha, I was thinking about it the other day but could not, for the life of me, remember the name. Napster, of course!
I remember waiting for someone for an hour and eventually going home, where I found the person has called me to cancel after I've already left. That happened very often.
- Is it a Zoo? (giggle, giggle, giggle) - No. - So why there's a monkey on the phone? (hysteric laugh)
I know.
Poland, 70s.
and early 80s
My parents applied for the phone before I was born. We got it in 1992, thankfully just in time, so I could spend hours talking to high-school friends :-D But
Ah yes, this one.
I don't think most people would care, just like most people are not very impressed they are hurling through space on a piece of rock.
Douglad Adams wrote about similar thing in 'Mostly Harmless'. A human visited alien, less developed civilisation, but realised quickly that he has absolutely no idea how most things in his world work (do you know how tv or laptop computer work? Could you explain it to the aliens or medieval people? :-D), and he cannot help them in any way, so he resorted to making sanwiches for them. Another character got picked up on a very advanced space-ship, but its drivers had no idea how it was conctructed :-D
Maybe it already had.
'Sexiest cousin of the year' calendar
There is something called 'tabaka', it's a powdered tobacco you sniff in order to sneeze. People carry it with them, sometimes, and use it for sneezing purposes :-)
IPhone is always fun. You could take selfies.
I'd love that.
I wonder - if we could go ANYWHERE just like that, would it still be fun to be there? Uf I could jump jump to Australia on my lunch break, would it be worth it? There would be no sense of a journey, no sense of travel, and - and that could be dreadful - no liberation in a feeling of being far away.
Poland, 80s and early 90s
Yes, there were lots of tricks.
Not many black people in Poland in the eighties.
Yes, my husband did some work on this, but there are others, for example this one: https://www.questia.com/library/journal/1G1-336286952/how-love-emerges-in-arranged-marriages-two-cross-cultural
I know, this is hilarious. The funniest story of the year so far.
They did not go to the media - the media came to them. They just anwered some questions. It was her who was going around spreading hateful stories about them and her childhood.
It is a social construct, just as gender, which doesn't automatically mean there are no differences, or you can change it easily. Theoretically, language is acquired as well, and when you are born you have a potential to speak any language in the world. Once you, however, acquire one, it will always be your first language (unless you are billingual). You can learn other languages, you can speak them fluently, but it would be misleading to say that because you have, as an organism, a potential to learn any language, you can suddenly, at the age 50, become first-language fluent in Chinese. The differences are there, of course, but there tangled in cultural and class issues, so the whole thing is not as easy.
It is a construct - if there really were different races, people would not be able to mix, and they easily do so. But 'socil construct' doesn't mean no differences. I think that is a common misconception.
Exactly. If I moved back in time, as a member of advanced civilization, I wouldn't be able to explain technological inventions to people, and I wouldn't be of much use I'm afraid.
Not in the 16th century though. It would be probably enough if you moved to the next village, and noone would know what you looked like anyway. It's not like they would be texting each other your picture.
And you would be able to explain it, and construct it yourself?
They wouldn't even have cameras. If you were very rich, maybe someone would paint an innacurate portrait of you :-D
ouch
Oh, same here. I have no idea what do I have against this woman, she is nice and all, but I just can't stand her.
There is a scene in which a new Guide's CEO gives Ford Prefect a pep talk and says something like 'in this economy we need to think multidimensionally!' :-D There is also an idea that 'the client tells us what he wants, and we make sure it has already happened' :-)
Now you are talking :-D
Yes, but how? Would you change people's nature, or their access to weaponry, or what?
:-D
What about taxing these manifestations? :-D
I agree. I think that is where religions went wrong, when people started treating abstract and symbolic ideals too literally, and the ideas behind symbols went dead. The same with the mirror - it doesn't matter what kind of candle you use :-P you can invent your own ritual entirely, it is the spirit of the whole thing that counts.
And we don't even have to employ spirituality to understand this - it is enough to listen to a group of people talking about the same event to realize they all experienced it differently, as they have different background, experiences, expectations, perception, they intrepret things differently, notice different aspects, and you literally have 16 narratives of the same things, sometimes significantly different, just because you have different spectators. At the next family reunion, ask all family members to recall some shared event - I don't know, a wedding, funeral, whatever - and listen to various accounts, which sometimes don't even resemble the versions of what other people remember. And that is just psychology; so imagine where we are when it comes to a deeper levels. We all have limited knowledge and perception, and there is no other way as to each of us to have their own, self-specific world.
Oh, I will trot there, thanks :-)
Happened to me once, only it was bloody Herbalife.
I feel pain in my dreams - had very vivid dream of being bitten by a tiger and a wolf, and it hurt as hell.
... but I can see how people prefer to believe there is some conspiracy to accepting noone really knows what to do ...
If I were TriumphantGeorge, I would feel SO tempted to change the forum ID from time to time ;-D
People ypu interact with are not 'real' people, they are your visions/projections, the 'real' people are (if at all) hanging around somewhere else on the continuum, and may have a completely different version of you in their life.
Well, there was nothing much on it first, so I used it (my brother showed me how), and thought it was boring, and I would probably not be using it at all. Hehehehehehhehehehehehehheheh.
me too
OF COURSE it is not the ACTUAL DAY, my God, does anyone take everything literally these days? You understand the roles of symbols, shared rituals, had a sociology class ever ..?
also, debating abortion
I've got one war-time story. The groom didn't appear, or change his mind (I am not sure) and the best man stepped in saying he's always been in love with the woman and wants to marry her instead. Apparently, giving the war time, the priest approved of that, and they were a very good couple.
It has usually nothing to do with love - you desire someone else, and that's why you cheat.
In some cultures it is required you leave a bit of food on your plate to indicate you've been given more than enough.
Religion is not to be logical, just as poetry.
Because there is not such thing as universal reason - what seems reasonable to you may sound completely unreasonable to someone else.
Because on individual level we can't do anything about it. In some countries there is no recycling scheme at all.
It is true. On Pacific Islands being big is still seen as a sign of prosperity and beauty. http://www.futurescopes.com/finding-date/9409/countries-where-being-fat-attractive it is all about resources
Heh. I was given 9 unnecessary courses of antibiotic by my GP before they agreed to refer me to a specialist. A specialist immediately said the antibiotic was the wrong one, and gave me ONE that actually helped.
I am not talking about moral judgement of the situation, but possible motivation.
These war times in Poland, stranger things happened :-)
I am not saying a single person CANNOT make a change - but if they THINK they can't - and, consequently, don't bother - that's what you get.
What? This was in Poland during the war.
Those Hindus, always trying to pay their respects painting Ganesha signs on Jewish cemeteries in Poland :-P
These are not terrifying at all - they are both strange and awesome.
I like having menstruation - it's like a regeneration cycle, I feel great during one, like the whole past month is flushing away and I am starting anew.
Quite the opposite - my periods last a week, and are quite heavy. But I enjoy them - maybe because I feel really bad beforehand, so when they arrive it is a huge relief :-)
be careful!
the question is not what happens AFTER death, but what the hell is happening NOW - it can all be a dream for what we know
42
And to think that ... we are ON IT ... flying into the unknown ... in bloody SPACE ... and I am sitting all snug in slippers and actually cooking a SOUP. This is more than mind-boggling.
Many women died during childbirth, so I guess that probably someone that was left with a baby tried to feed it with animals' milk as a closest substitute.
This is one the best posts here.
You are most probably right :-)
Poland. I remember that. I was coming back from somehwere, and my brother opened the door with a strange, confused expression and said 'you will not believe this ... I am not sure I understand what is happening, but New York is being attacked?'. I rushed to the TV just in time to see the second plane.
The Baptism of the Holy Ghost, I guess. I witnessed it once at a similar retreat.
That would not cover this legally, I suppose - you would have to prove they didn't change their mind.
That wouldn't cover all bases - signing a document when you are still young doesn't prove you still want the same thing years later. You would have to give your consent beforehand, as there would still be a reasonable assumption you could have changed your mind.
I agree. In Poland, where I am originally from, people have zero trusts in hospitals and doctors. Also, we had a scandal some years ago when ambulance staff was killing people off with the drug Pavulon, because - wait for it - they had an arrangement with local funeral companies. Now, this was a PUBLIC health service. So people are not too hasty in declaring they want to donate their organs. Also, catholid church was against it, so there it is.
This is the first time when I see 'kurwa' on Reddit ;-)
But they are stuck in Turkey, with no right to work. How long can you sit with your family in the refugee camp doing nothing?
I've just seen this at the airport in Birmingham.
I have EDS - I don't usually have dark circles under my eyes, but I DO have a very thin, translucent skin, and that can cause this sometimes.
'a small slice'
This is not weird at all, as it was pointed many times in this thread it is a huge thing in Japan :-) Some women even wear braces to make their straight teeth more crooked.
What's not to like? http://a4.files.biography.com/image/upload/c_fill,cs_srgb,dpr_1.0,g_face,h_300,q_80,w_300/MTE5NDg0MDU1Mzg2Njg2OTkx.jpg &lt;3
Pheromones.
I think that was awakening/enlightment might be about: your 'dream' becomes lucid, and you can - to a certain extent - manipulate it.
If reality is internal, then no scientific method will make any dfference.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maya_%28illusion%29
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dreamtime
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/40c91k/serious_germans_of_reddit_whats_your_opinion_on/
OMG WTF
Feel so ronery.
They are - after so many years of isolation they really become two different nations. People look different, speak differently, and have radically different experiences. North Korean defectors don't find it easy in the South.
The memeing of life.
Of crap, I loved Enya and completely forgot about her! Listening to the Echoes in Rain now - THANK YOU &lt;3
Thanks :-)
hahahaha!
we may die, but our Reddit karma will live forever
and Andorra
Remember Ray Cokes and Paul King?
... what?
I know! I mean, we live in the same house, why doesn't he know where anything is?
As a side business you can blackmail your clients while they are still alive - I mean, they have something to hide, don't they? :-D
I am sort of leaning in the direction of the belief that 'heaven' and 'hell' are rather states of mind - there is a saying that 'the gates of hell are closed from the inside'.
Also, to unite communities through the shared rituals and symbolic representation of life.
But isn't heaven and hell rather a state of mind?
Happy cake day, may all your wishes come true.
“The term is over: the holidays have begun. The dream is ended: this is the morning.” ― C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle
maybe this is what you are doing right now
you will have to give a presentation &amp; progress report on your research project on Earth they will ask you what you've done with the funding they gave you
such ambition :-D I like that
Think about it as a state of mind, not a place. If you are a good person, you are at peace with yourself, and this is heaven.
wow!
and that is why it is important to 'love your neighbour as you love yourself' - it can BE yourself you are rude to a girl in a shop? next time round you will experience this conversation from her side and so on
and KOOKY ... argh
And Kazaa
thanks!
Being comfortable economically = safety.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNDiFxY6n-k
Poland, early 80s - 90s. There were no school lunches, and no canteen - you were supposed to bring a sandwich with you. It is a different story now I hear, especially in a private school (veggie lunches etc.) EDIT: there were dinners provided for poor children
she's a cat
In Poland though: How are you? Tragic. Catastrophe. Russian invasion. Don't even ask.
Bloody hell. I watched it on Netflix - I wanted to cheer up and chose it on the basis it seemed to be a safe, charming story FOR CHILDREN.
I felt so sorry for the robot and the fact that such amazing thing as CONSCIOUSNESS has to dwell in the squalor, and then I realized ... it could be a human child, equally pure and innocent. (except noone would care for the child)
You should be spending time with people your age, your parents will surely understand that and be actually pleased, as they need some time for each other as well.
I liked the whole album.
It wasn't that bad at all, there are lots of much worse songs I hear on the radio. The Chinese version of 'Friday' was pretty cool as well.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0MklcpPt54
True, but you have seminars taught by the PhD students with zero teaching experience, and no teaching training.
My parents met when they were 16, and they are still together, 40 years later. They are a great couple. But this is an exception.
At the same time, do not keep your word if you foolishly promised something stupid, and don't get yourself in a dangerous situation just because you promised.
Sometimes I hear people complain that someone was successful because of their networks and because of the people they know- well, make sure you know the right people as well, build your network wisely, don't hang around with basket cases etc.
It's not about catharsis or rehabilitation, it's about ensuring the community is safe from a monster who can do something like this again. Noone cares about his rehabilitation, it is about protecting others, and if the only way to ensure this is to terminate this person, this is something that needs to be done. I can't believe, for example, that bloody Breivik lives peacefully in jail and whines about Playstation etc. He still is a potential danger, and he should be eliminated. (EDIT: not tortured - not 'punished' - just removed from the healthy society tissue like cancer)
Nanjing Massacre
Great leap forward killed up to 42 million people.
'alive' doesn't mean 'conscious'
they don't ... it is a different hole
That depends on how you define happy :-) If you equal it with passing daily emotions (being angry, irritated, tired etc.) than it may be difficult. But you may see them as small ripples on the bigger ocean of content :-D What I mean is, if you are GENERALLY happy with your life, if there are no structural problems, so to speak, small emotional upheavals will not make much difference to how happy you feel. For example, when my grandmother died, I was very sad, I cried for days. But I was still happy.
BTW it was probably not a freckle, but a solar lentigo. They fade sometimes.
We sleep with a multitude of teddies. Also, we have a silly looking stuffed teddy my husband takes with him on work trips to show him the world!
It is in catholic countries.
You can self-mummify yourself https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sokushinbutsu
It is not crazy at all, just different concepts around death. Not all cultures see death as the West does, and not every generation is so spooked by it as our generation is.
It is only weird because people nowadays are not used to it. If it is a part of your culture it is just normal to you. People used to think assisting a woman giving birth is gross, for example, and now most fathers do - these things change.
Reddit is easily spooked. Everything is 'spooky' or 'creepy'.
That is your cultural belief. In Japan and China people used to believe people have two (or more) souls, and some separate during death, but some are left with the body, therefore it is important to preserve it and honour it properly.
The difference between a cult and a religion is not about the contents of their beliefs, but psychological manipulation practices they use.
Or a desperate attempt to escape poverty any possible way. Whole families often depend on these kids to perform, they are their only ticket out: they finally have something marketeable, and they are using it.
All the research show that marital satisfaction in arranged marriages is actually the same as in 'marriages by choice'- which, if you think about that, are not such free choices anyway (I always say that people are horrified by the idea of someone getting married to a person from the same caste, and then they marry a girl next door or someone from the same social circle they have access to). I've read an old Indian guy's quote once: 'you put your pot on the hot plate and it gets cooler over time, while we put a cold put on the hot plate and it gets hotter over time'.
But 'talking to girl' is only a useful skill in a society where you have to choose your partner by yourself. Why would you need that if someone else can arrange this for you?
Also - marrying someone your family approves of can be a better option than marrying someone you've just met in a bar who has a 'a very sexy legs' :-P
Maybe so people don't shoot drugs in them? I don't know.
I always thought feeding babies animal milk was the only option when a mother died during childbirth. I mean, some of them would still die from it, but you couldn't give them a potato instead.
But there is no other way really - whatever you do, you will ALWAYS teach your children your own lifestyle and values. Heck, try to teach them to eat a different DIET for starters: why should they eat bread and cheese just because you do, maybe they would prefer kimchi and pickled dog meat?
This kind of exchange is not asking for information - is a social ritual, something abstract, which aim is NOT to exchange info on each other's well-being, but is a form of greeting. Honestly.
Yes, we do. There is Day of the Dead celebrated in my country, and every year on the 1st of November people visit cemeteries, remember their dead family members etc. Cemeteries look beautiful that day: http://hoga.pl/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/cmentarz-600x350.jpg (also, people travel often from afar to visit the graves of their ancestors - due to that custom my grandfather, who died before I was born, is firmly placed in my psychological family tree)
That's the spirit!
Try vegan ice-cream and all that almond milk stuff.
true
North Korea is doing a pretty good job as well.
What on earth is urinal cake?
I love this, I will start using 'pointful' from now on :-D
Barraco Barner :-P
Well, do you?
He came riding ON the dinosaur.
Hadrian's Wall :-)
Oh sweet Jesus :-D
Immigration Paradox
HAHAHAHAH :-D
Musical anhedonia?
Oh, I see!
Good point.
Poland, 70s-80s.
:-D
Not so much, I only moved here because my husband is British - we met in Poland. I also lived in Japan for a while.
I have a phobia. Went to anti-phobia treatment twice, no effect whatsoever. I refused important treatment few times because of that. It is so strong that I am afraid it is conceivable I would rather choose to die than have a straight-to-vein chemo. Giving blood just like that is something I simply cannot face.
Your post reminded me of a story from a North Korean defector, a teenage girl - she said her biggest dream in life was to sit with her family at the table and eat white rice. BTW I lived not so far from Stutthof, and visited as a child. They showed us a film of gas-trucks which were used to gas children.
Ha, I posted the same before I saw your post :-)
They also wanted to bomb another city - I don't remember the name - instead of Hiroshima, but it was raining there. And the sky over Hiroshima was nice and clear that day. (the moral is, never complain it is raining ...)
Yes, we are still bitter about this (and Yalta).
PLEASE ...
Poland was the only country that had an organization which helped the Jews: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%BBegota 'The Council to Aid Jews operated under the auspices of the Polish Government in Exile through the Government Delegation for Poland, in Warsaw. Żegota aided the country's Jews and found places of safety for them in occupied Poland. Poland was the only country in Nazi-occupied Europe where there existed such an organization.'
Ok, if you look at it this way. I am Polish though, and for me the date of 1st of September 1939 is burnt into my brain.
Shakira. Also Alice Cooper.
He also wrote a book.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brooke_Greenberg
sugar, wheat &amp; cakes
or smoked salmon!
Yyyy ... I put 'DNA rapper' into google and there are plenty of links and pictures of said rapper.
he wanted to be near you - he's your guardian angel!
'On April 9, 2004, Yankovic's parents were found dead in their Fallbrook, California, home, the victims of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning from their fireplace' (Wikipedia)
It must be really difficult though; trying to be nice and please, but stay safe from weirdos at the same time.
George Cloon! :-D
I know, he has a PhD in astrophysics from Imperial.
There is only one ... THE ONE!
I never got the hotel trashing thing - I mean, WHY people would do this in the first place? And HOW?
Did anyone mention Enya? EDIT: while we are at Irish celebrities/artists also Marian Keyes.
His daughter Bindi seems to be pretty cool as well.
Oh, and Eric Cantona.
What's wrong with Bindi? She seems super nice.
There were more mentioned by now - usually Watson, Lawrence, Kendrick, but also Kardashian, Dolly Parton, Sandra Bullock, Meryl Streep and more.
But of course, how would I know such thing if I wasn't? :-D
There was a very similar case in one of Edgar Allan Poe's short stories.
Just because someone can write it does not mean the story is fake. Also, people do simplify stories for the Reddit purpose, so they are not photographic pictures of what has happened, but rather subjective interpretation from the perspective of the writer.
he is with her in a different timeline ...
People get angry and - in stress - say (and shout) things they don't mean. Of course they shoudn't - but I think we all said something dreadful to a person we love in an argument, something that we regretted later. It is not hard to imagine that an over-tired mother snapped and said something stupid and cruel to her children. Or, think of all the horrible things teenagers say to their parents. My point is, things like this happen, and if they are not accompanied by some more systematic abuse we should all forgive each other.
Yeah - I didn't know 'manscaping' too!
no
oh dear
Hey! I AM EATING HERE!
that's what happens with Ebola as well, but the internal damage is far greater, and internal organs liquefied/rotted for days before the actual death :-O
I'm out of this thread ...
:-(
maybe they 'didn't get him' :-P
Awwww, she's smiling to us!
Or they are so anxious and convinced the world is a scary place that they feel they need to protect their children from it. Some women have post-partum psychosis as well, and they imagine someone is trying to kidnap/harm the child, and the only way to protect it is to kill it and save it from harm. If someone has a strong anxiety that killing people you love so NOTHING HAPPENS TO THEM and you don't have to LIVE IN A CONSTANT FEAR of it seems very logical.
This is like this old joke about the floor ... (for those who don't know it, the joke goes like this: https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/3059wd/two_policemen/
and who keeps a freezer in a bedroom?
It can. I remember reading something about the Japanese killing themselves by pushing chopsticks through their ears.
maybe he predicted his life could be in danger :-P
Ah, I must have missed this. For some reason I thought that his involvement was a speculation.
Apparently they do multiple takes not because someone cannot act (although in this case that was possible, as they were working with non-actors) but they need various angles of the same scene. Georgie Henley, when she was acting in Narnia, was upset about multiple takes as she thought she was doing something wrong, and she was told it was a normal practice.
charity shops
Jesus, calm down, no need to call me a moron - I think that most people expressed surprise that you can kill yourself at all through an ear; I just pointed that was done before.
unles he bit his tongue/lip while falling
I agree. Children can - and often are - stupid and cruel, and have no understanding of their actions and no developed moral spine. But there were adults around them, and they should have controlled the situation and put a stop to it. In a way, all the children were failed by those who were supposed to watch them and take care of them.
I also thing that the fact you found a courage NOT to pull the trigger - in such a situation, under such emotional pressure! - means there is a strong will to live within you, and there is a hope. That is a lot to hang on to while combating depression.
I wanted to suggest the same.
Some people - usually those with musical skills - can pick up the accents very quickly though. You can literally tell who was the last person they were talking to by just listening to them ;-)
But wouldn't it rather be a case that people who have more kids are less likely - as in 'it would be more difficult for them' - to get divorced?
I can do that too, that's Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome.
well done!!!
Heh. My brother's wife was engaged for a long time before she met my brother. Her ex and my brother share the same name - coincidence. So, she was with this guy for about 7 years or so, and then they split up, she met my brother, they married and had a child - all within a year. Gosh some people were surprised - of course they got invitations, but as the name of the groom was the same, they assumed it was the same person.
The funny thing was when my brother's wife friend, who couldn't make it to the wedding, called her some months later. He asked whazzup, she said oh fine, I married Chris, we have a child, he said oh great, and after an hour of a chat the guy finally realized this is a different Chris they are talking about (different profession etc.) He was very confused :-D and she had a laugh.
I totally agree. 'White privilege' has more to do with economic status of the country, social class maybe - what kind of systemic racism against black people was - for example - Poland or Slovakia involved in? What kind of 'white privileges' do Hungarians have? Why would they feel guilty? I've recently read abou white woman who said she decided not to have children because they would be white - what kind of stupidity (and racism, to be honest) is that?
Exactly. It's like coming to stay in someone's house as a guest and demanding that because you are vegetarian they are not allowed to eat meat for the entire duration of your visit.
it was AWESOME! ;-)
have an awesome cake day!
or Julianne Moore
You know, I don't have any proof for that or anything, but I always thought she was sexually abused in some way. Her relationship with her father always seemed a bit off.
what depth? the film doesn't hide it is about apartheid
Hugh Jackman sporting a mullet :-D
I watched it three days ago, and I didn't get the plot at all :-( have no idea what has happened
A distant friend of mine. Didn't know him very well, but he was passing through my city so we invited him to stay with us. He didn't wash himself for the whole week. Not even once! At the end of his stay I thought I would murder him. I felt very angry with him, and deeply embarrased that I invited him to my house. I have no idea what has happened, to be honest - he always seemed very nice, never had problems with hygiene (nothing I ever noticed), and he always was a really nice person, but I don't think I will ever host him in my house ever again. EDIT: after reading the whole thread I have to admit there are much worse stories in here!
Yeah, I know vegans and vegetarians like that (and I don't meat myself) - ISIS mentality.
My parents had a carved steel BENCH stolen from their GATED garden one night. The bloody thing must have been at least 200 kg of weight. How the fuck could anyone lift it through the fence and transport it afterwards is beyond me. It is a mystery.
Unfortunately, enabling these kind of people doesn't do them any favours - as many people mentioned in this thread she needs a serious kick up the ass so she could grow up.
good for you that you didn't put up with his crap
So, what did you do?
twinkle twinkle little bat
that would be a lawn-mower
Up above the world you fly!
Kick her out. First of all, she is NOT your responsibility - she is an adult, and her life, her living situation and her children are HER responsibility. She can sense you are a kind person and she is taking advantage of you. Secondly, you are NOT helping her - the quicker she gets a kick in the arse the sooner she (hopefully) takes responsibility for her life. Helping her now is like enabling an alcoholic - she's too comfy in YOUR basement to make any alterations to her lifestyle. Why would she, if she has everything handed to her on a plate? The result is, she is comfortable and peachy, and YOU are living in hell, stressed and worried. In the long term, you are helping her too. EDIT: she's playing other family members because she knows you will not react. I think that if you show some balls - sorry for the expression, you know what I mean - others will change their behaviour towards you as well. She dis-respects you and your generosity because she knows she can get away with it. I really symphatise with you - it is very unfair that you were put in a situation where it is YOU who are forced to - against your kind heart and your calm nature - to take more drastic measures, but there is no other way with such people I am afraid. You have a perfect right to enjoy your first home - Jesus - the way you want it, not being invaded in your own space. KICK HER OUT. It is your house after all, and she has to solve her problems on her own.
well played!
No, tell us, so we will not invite them by mistake.
I am really sorry it happened to you. I hope you are not suffering too much.
Bloody hell.
A bit OT, but I went to a strange party once. The guy who organised it was about 60-65 years old, and everyone thought he was single. Anyway, when we arrived at his house there was no sign of a wife or girlfriend - but there was some kitchen staff (it was a big party, so there was a catering firm hired) going to and fro with drinks and such. After many many hours, when we were all leaving, it turned out one of the kitchen girls was actually his WIFE. I was shocked. The poor girl was maybe 25 - but so bloody what? - and throughout the whole party everyone was treating her as a hired catering hostess - not rudely, mind you, just differently than you would treat a main host's life partner! She was running around in an apron serving drinks, and her stupid husband did not introduce her to anyone, and did not invite her to the table, so when everyone was eating she was just running around collecting dirty plates etc. I felt really sorry for her once I've realized. She seemed very sweet and nice - her husband explained later that she was 'shy' and he didn't want to 'stress her'. Seriously ... I still think of her sometimes and wonder what the hell she got herself into.
To be honest, I prefer to stay at hotels than in people's houses myself. It can easily get awkward, and I think it is better for friendships to keep some healthy distance. As they say, a guest is like a fish, after a week it starts to stink ...
&gt; "I don't want any fucking pancakes" I am not a very assertive person, but seriously, if anyone shouted that in my house they would be outside in 5 minutes.
I agree. Co-dependency means they play the same game. They may not enjoy it, but they are drawn to it by its familiarity and the fact they know the rules. That's how they repeat the pattern.
This is more a Japanese thing. After I lived in Japan I got some mild OCD ;-) Now I clean like crazy :-) I love things nice and neat.
they do it all the time https://www.expertbail.com/upload/fugitivefelines.jpg
Kick your sister and brother out. Keep cute cats.
Well, at least you have cats! 8 is a lot, but still ... CATS :-)
My real life started when I was 28 ...
... and when you are 79, you will look back and think 'Jesus, look at me at 50, I was so young and didn't know it!'
'Look kids, great-grandpa had some literary ambitions - he never finished his book, but we will print 7 copies and distribute them amongst each other, and also send one to auntie Marnie to Australia'
Yeah, they seem sweet and silly, like a bunch of puppies.
But they do. I lost a couple of friendships because I believed that we are bloody soul-mates and nothing in the world cannot possibly separate our 'true connection'. But you know what? Life can do just that. And it does it. If you see someone every two years, it will wither with time. It can last 10 years or so, sure, but small things you don't know about each other will pile up. and one day you will realize you have nothing in common.
Ah, that's tough. At the same time, new friends don't remember what you were like when you were 18 and silly.
That's because a good friendship often requires not only personal connection, but some sort of structure (going to school with someone, or studying etc.). Being in the same play group/school network a your kids provides that.
You are still very young. Wait until you are 47.
This should be higher!
Read Bourdieu.
I was born dead.
Maybe you did?
If you drink enough of anything you will throw up.
Museum exhibit 5674D: Manuscript from XI century, of no literary value, providing however some information about the lifestyle of an average male during that period.
Why did you leave? Didn't they let you stay? When I had to put my cat down I was there during the procedure, and held the cat throughout.
That depends on how you define success. If you have some youthful delusions of wild fame and heroic action then you will always be dissapointed. But if you try to be a happy person, respected and competent in your field, then you will be fine.
Like being downvoted.
Oh God, this! I HOPE I will die alone - it seems to me dying is such an intimate moment I just can't tand the thought if the audience, no matter how well meaning.
Took three years for this woman, and she was only 38: https://www.theguardian.com/film/2011/oct/09/joyce-vincent-death-mystery-documentary
That, honestly, sounds like a nightmare to me. I'd rather not to have an audience.
Amazing.
Thank goodness your friends saw the light and changed her life!
Actually, there are genetic risks for older fathers as well.
We are not the same, but there are different ways in which these differences are manifested and accomodated in various societies. In some things are easier for women, in others they are not.
That's how it works in China and India though - look at the way disabled people and their parents are treated. They ARE dishounoured and blamed, because people think they must have done something in their previous life to deserve this.
From what I understand, the concept of karma doesn't necessarily have anything to do with punishment and reward, just consequences. Like, if you eat crap and drink, being unhealthy and fat is a consequence - no moral judgement attached - not some sort of cosmic punishment for not sticking to the diet.
Except me. I know exactly what I'm doing, and I am competent in my job.
'I could have saved more patients in my hospital if I only wasn't playing golf all the time!'
Depends what you mean by 'careers'.
'Success is impossible and noone knows what they are doing which means I am justified in doing nothing and sitting on my ass all day'
it was for me
also: 20s: I am waiting for the opportunities to present themselves, if only someone gave me a chance! 30s: I have to create thos opportunities and chances myself
It's actually easy: atheist: there is definitely no God agnostic: it is impossible for us to ever find out if there is/there is no God, as this is beyond science and human cognition
It's not.
My only impression from this thread is that young people these days are complete pussies. I am very sorry to say that - some of people's concerns are valid (friendship, loans etc.), but most of these posts are just emo.
Different forms of capital: social, cultural and economic capital.
Love (not to confuse with lust) at first sight is as possible as friendship at first sight.
Jesus this thread is pathetic. You are all babies. 30 is no age.
This is not a real world, this is some emo whinge-fest.
Because you do live in the chaotic warzone ..?
True that.
Mark Twain was an alien. He was waiting all his life for that ship to take him back.
and Amy Winehouse
Almost all babies have dark blue eyes that change over time: 'Most Caucasian babies are born with dark blue eyes and their true eye colour -- be it brown, green, hazel or blue -- may not reveal itself for a few months. The colour of your baby's eyes in the first minutes after birth won't last -- exposure to light changes a baby's initial eye colour' https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=babies+blue+eyes&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=7f9RV9nRBtGN8QfLoq3wBw BTW same goes for hair. My father was blond untul he was 13, and then his hair gradually darkened to black - not brown or something, but BLACK. It happens quite often, and is also related to diet - if you eat more protein, your hair will darken.
Yes, it's very Zeitgeisty in its discourse of nihilism, which could be overwhelming, but luckily its existential dark tones are balanced by the postmodernist, ironic narrative.
&lt;3
It is odd, but not impossible.
Even worse - brown belt and grey trousers.
A porn-magazine from 1970s (lots of moustaches, armpit hair and wooly jumpers). I think it was under the floorboards and the guys who did woodworm treatment found it. I can't explain it otherwise - it is not very likely the builders, who all had smartphones, would bring such a retro thing with them.
You could have brought it home on your coat after you sat on it on the train/in the coffee-shop etc.
It used to be worse - at some point - before the French revolution I guess? - women were shaving their eyebrows are replacing them with mice fur glued on. Women used to do this during/after the WWII as well. Look at Marlena Dietrich http://marinalaslo.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/marlene-1024x1024.jpg
You need to have a figure like Taylor Swift to look good in them. She is the only person I can think of who can pull this shape off. If you have an hour-glass figure, high-waisted anything will make you look dreadful.
It could be the other way round, there is a lot of Polish words that come from yiddish.
LOL
Clone them and ask them. That's the only way.
I would, to be honest, exclude any technology related glitches altogether, or glitches experienced by people younger than 10.
Well, if children are seriously malnourished and they have edema, their hair loses colour: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kwashiorkor http://www.keratin.com/as/as011.shtml 'It is very rare to find nutritional factors as a cause of hair color changes. Any hair color changes due to nutritional deficiencies are typically only seen in people who have genetic defects, in diseases that block metabolism, or in severely malnourished individuals of the developing world. Prolonged protein deficiency in the diet results in Kwashiorkor. This disease involves multiple symptoms including the reduction of pigment production and incorporation into hair fiber. Normally dark brown hair becomes a rusty red. Light colored hair becomes blonde. The flag sign sometimes seen in kwashiorkor involves alternating light and dark bands of color along individual hair fibers. The flag sign is associated with intermittent protein malnutrition. Presumably normal hair color is produced when protein intake is adequate and reduced hair color occurs during times when there is a lack of protein intake. There may be a loss of hair (as well as skin and eye) color in individuals who have phenylketonuria. Lack of pigment in the hair is a minor concern with this condition as phenylketonuria typically involves significant mental retardation. This genetic disorder is caused by a deficiency of phenylalanine hydroxylase in the liver and this results in an inability to metabolize phenylalanine to tyrosine. Tyrosine is fundamentally required for pigment formation. Treatment involves taking tyrosine supplements and this can return hair color to normal in a short space of time.'
Same, being a bit dirty and having a messy home.
At the same time?
New Zealand is the best of them all.
It's more about psychology than anything else. I had problems (and still ocasionally have) with trigeminal nerve neuralgia. Every time it starts acting out I go on some sort of cleansing diet. Now, I KNOW it doesn't matter - food generally deesn't make my nerve better or worse (it is not triggered by any allergies etc.). On the intellectual level I know that I just have to wait it through. But, on the emotional level, I start to panic. I hate this pain, it is horrible, and I am scared. To regain some sort of illusion of control I change my diet - not dramatically, but enough to feel I have some impact on something I have limited to zero impact on. Then I feel I have some measure of control over my body, and I feel healthier, less - how to put it? - 'polluted' by this pain. I wish more doctors understood the mental mechanisms behind this. You don't need to explain this to me - I KNOW these things don't work. But when doctors cannot help me, I would use any rituals and tricks to convince myself I am actually DOING something. It's like with placebo and homeopathic stuff - of course it doesn't work, but it fulfills an important psychological role. You cannot take it away from people and give them nothing instead.
I am glad you wrote about your experiences. When you have an ongoing problem you will do literally ANYTHING, no matter how silly it sounds. At the hight of my nerve pain, if someone told me to chant on the cross-road at night - I would run and do it. It's hard to blame people for trying whatever they can, even if it sounds silly (although, of course, if it psychologically helps them, it is not that silly). I think the problem is when people start taking homeopathic pills instead of proper medicine. And you are right - people in pain (and scared) are vulnerable and easy to exploit. There is many people who are eager to take advantage of that, and take their money (sometimes by scaring them further). It is very scary when someone refuses chemotherapy in favour of drinking herbal teas, but if someone is undergoing a treatment and, at the same time, goes to chakra cleansing/whetever - why not? Very often what these treatments provide is, above all, some sort of meaning and narrative to people's suffering. It is not enough for many people to know they have cancer - they need a meaning, they need to know WHY they have it, in a more philosophical sense. And if they find something that helps and do not interfere with other treatments, why not?
It' s a hard call - I'm sure some of these glitches are genuine - but it really is difficult to find the genuine ones within the ocean of messy memories etc. Good for you for trying to weed them out.
Oh yes. 'What are you complaining about, it only takes 5 minutes!' - yeah, do it yourself, asshole.
lol
BTW, this is a bit OT, but wanted to ask you - have you read 'The Path of the Masters' by Dr Julian Johnson? I bought it in a charity shop recently, and thought you might like it.
This is a book from 1939; I bought the 1992 edition, when they say (in the foreword) that it needs to be interpreted with the historical context in mind. However, the book itself is extraordinary. When you peel away all the context and concepts from that era (for example in one chapter he's trying to explain - through various convoluted descriptions - something that we would now simply call 'a hologram') plus, of course, author's bias, this is IMHO real gold, and rings true in its essence. I bought it for 1.99 ;-)
When guests follow me to the kitchen and insist on helping me with serving food/washing up. They mean well, but I am somewhat territorial and get aggressive when people start messing around in my kitchen. You are guests, go away and drink tea or something! Stop touching my plates and bossing yourself around in my house!
I don't know what's wrong with frizzy hair anyway. It is some sort of new trend that hair has to be 'smooth' and ironed, and not a good one.
Hey guys, you made it to the Daily Mail ... congratulations? http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-3627693/Guests-reveal-toe-curling-wedding-moments.html
You are on Daily Mail ... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-3628600/Reddit-users-reveal-Paris-Hilton-Kanye-West-Leonardo-DiCaprio-like-school.html
I found out she died yesterday. I was completely convinced she was still alive. How did I miss this?
Thanks, I will look there! :-) Sounds very interesting. Here's a nice Matariki song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ay_2NO7vj8w
She died in 2011. I only found out about this the day before I wrote my first post.
Well, they are like celebrities, but more accessible.
I go to sleep.
Yes, too much external motivation makes internal motivation go into atrophy. If you don't stand behind these people (say, for tha argument's sake, me) with a whip, they will not do anything.
Ohhhh many, many years ago there was this excellent short film somewhere online (years before youtube) of a little boy being scared in bed, and a little monster running around etc. At the end, the light went on, mama monster came into the room, and she said 'I told you little boys don't exist!'
&gt; I don't know if Gary had German ancestry, I find the fact you had to add this hilarious.
I love pavlova!
I spent one year of my life - God knows why - wearing the same shirt. It was my father's white, male, oversized work shirt (I'm a woman, and I was 15 then). I washed it every evening, and wore it clean the next day. So, it was not that bad, but pretty boring looking back. I effectively spent a lot of time washing this bloody shirt.
Guys, many people do that, it's a cultural thing. I've seen this before, actually. In itself it is not that creepy.
Gosh this is stupid. I mean, from a safety perspective, it is so much better for a 10 year child to be at home and standing around outside.
New Zealand, New Zealand, New Zealand.
I've been there, it's LOVELY &lt;3 and ultra cool
Ah yes, that can be awkward.
Chess was banned from the Russian space station for that reason. Same with certain board games in the scientific base in the Antarctic, Apparently people were killing each other.
I saw a 60-70 year old woman in Gibraltar who made a huge drama there is no sitting place on the bus, and told people who were sitting down they should stand up and give their place to her 'because she's British'. I've never seen such blatant colonial behaviour before or since.
Not only she did not bring him any present, but she also TOOK his virginity. Guests these days.
ugh :-(
You can't trust anyone.
Ah, I don't - my husband is British and he is a very decent chap :-D He was horrified by this woman's behaviour too.
You have a point, actually. It could be that all they hear is not 'I don't want to date you' but 'I CAN'T date you', and they see marriage as some sort of unfortunate external obstacle.
I couldn't find a source for MIR, but found the one for the Antarctic ban: https://www.chess.com/blog/billwall/chess-bansthrough-the-ages 'In the late 1950s, the Soviets banned chess in Antarctica after a Soviet scientist at a Soviet research station killed his colleague with an axe after he lost a game of chess'
with a 'v'
Makes a good practice for marriage.
we are spaced out
There is a sign.
I am a housewife from a countryside, I drink Androway, and doctors hate me.
ALL THE STARS IN MILKOMEDA ARE GLUTEN FREE
Me too!
https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0071/5032/products/upside_down_2.png?v=1357282201
What a username you have :-D
Being raped/assaulted is nothing to be ashamed of (just as other things, say, having miscarriage), but this kind of oversharing on the first date is not a good sign. It is crossing boundaries, and a big red flag.
My mother has red hair and green eyes, and my father has black hair and brown eyes (however, HIS mother was a redhead with green eyes too). I have strawberry-blonde/red hair and green eyes, and my brother is blonde with blue eyes.
But if that white baby, in the future, has a child with another white person, the chances are the babie will be black/brown. After all, she still half of 'black' genes, even if it doesn't show. http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/ampp3d/how-white-baby-can-born-4145688 the black woman with white parents (she was very unlucky, as she was born in South Africa during apartheid): http://www.theguardian.com/theguardian/2003/mar/17/features11.g2
Thanks!
But other people sitting were old as well. Just, you know, unfashionably Spanish.
Oh, of course.
Yeah, I see lots of young boys spread arrogantly on the sits playing with their phones, and older ladies with crutches holding onto their life standing.
In Japan people have different slippers for bathroom/toilet and the rest of the house.
Items, not numbers. An item can be '450'. There are ways of tricking the brain.
'Do you want to see my pencil?'
Sorry, didn't notice that! You are right of course.
Robyn Davidson, a woman who crossed the outback with the camels (there is a film about her on Netlfix called 'Tracks' starring Mia Wasikowska) wrote that when she was walking through the outback an had her period she used nothing and just let the blood run down freely.
My father did this once - thank goodness we were in Europe so noone started shooting at us. We had a guest who suddenly got bad allergy reaction, and she needed urgent medical attention. There was a problem with an ambulance, so my dad just jumped in the car and drove to the hospital like crazy. He broke the speed limit and the police started chasing us flashing that we should stop, but the girl was choking (her air-paths swell) and my father decided we had no time for this. So we drove through the city with the police behind us, then stopped at the hospital and she was taken to the emergency immediately, and only then my father spoke to the police. I don't remember what happened, I think he had to pay a fine.
It's normal, and they also get paler/less deep with age.
My husband is 52 and he sleeps with his teddy. I have some teddy friends myself.
I never use tampons myself, only pads. I don't understand using tampons, to be honest, sounds super uncomfortable for me.
'White people' is an awfully broad category, it can mean, say, a guy from Texas, and an old woman from Siberia. I don't think they would have anything in common to call each other anything.
Technically speaking, in Catholic church priests vow to 'remain unmarried', not 'abstain from sex', so they do not break their vows when they have sex, they just have a sin of having non-marital sex as anyone else. I mean of course they should not have sex, but legally, from the point of the Catholic Church Cathehism, 'celibacy' is 'staying unmarried'.
Exactly, it is about 'not getting married', not about sex.
It would be very strange, I suppose, if flour turned to gas. I mean, it's pretty solid from the start, even of it floats in milk.
What 'white people'? Russian? Texan? Finnish? People of Iceland? Australians?
&gt; Pretty sure you would die. So, he WOULD go to the OTHER SIDE.
It's not only because he was white. If he was some underclass white junkie, it would be totally different. It is because his whiteness is mixed with his high social position and wealth. The 'rich white man' combo was what happened, being just white would not have the same effect.
Ha, a good question :-D No idea, to be honest. Probably. I suppose I would do exactly the same as in real life in such situation.
Me too.
Soap.
It's never black and white - some people change diet for ethical reasons only, some for health, most have mixed reasons. I was a strict vegan for 7 years for health reasons only (not weight related), then I started eating meat and stuff again, and then I went back to the vegetarian diet for - I would say - 50% health, 50% ethical reasons.
We used to eat pancakes for dinner, it was quite common in our country. Pancakes usually had sweet cottage cheese inside: http://static.smaker.pl/photos//d/0/6/d0665612b5366aa2634bec066bcf0d65_350177_569f95062911e_wm.jpg
No, I did not have an opportunity and not many choices to do that (Poland mid to late 90s - noone even heard about fancy vegan/ethical products back then), and - as I've said - I was not concerned with the ethical aspect at the time, only with possible health benefits.
What does it matter what it's called? If I was not even touching any animal based products for years I was effectively a vegan, no matter what my motivations were. You are looking at it from the very current perspective, but I assure you that in the 90s in Poland even a vegetarianism was a strange thing, so disputes about different nomenclature was simply not a part of my experience.
