&gt; Eve Online was a very different experience, and could have evolved into much more than "Spreadsheets in space" had CCP made tough choices back when their universe was young. To be honest, this is very much overrated. Unless you're doing manufacturing/industry stuff, you really don't need to touch a spread sheet. As far as min/maxing loadouts goes EFT/Pyfa and other tools takes care of this in a more user friendly manner. Also, we already have spreadsheets for Star Citizen :P
Just noticed your flair... How did you become a Alpha tester for Ara?
I don't think they'll have a Ara Nexus next year, but I can definitely see something limited like Google Glasses and the associated Explorer program.
Still better than schools in the US denying evolution....
So much bezel.
Interesting they went with the Snapdragon on the Selfie and went with the Atoms on the tablets. If the 10" tablet is any good especially considering it has the new 14nm Atom, I might get it as a replacement for my aging 1st gen Nexus 7. Currently using the Surface Pro 2 as my primary tablet. Also, FINALLY USB Type C in a mass market device!
This is a ridiculous statement. You really expect your average kid to build an app that can do the same things say Snapchat/Twitter/Facebook/whatever popular games are??? DO YOU write your own apps or programs? If so, what apps/programs?
Hah lol! That makes a lot more sense.
&gt; ZenSelfie: I got my Zenfone2 and i dont take selfies. The Phone is great and a flagship shaker for 200-300, depending where you live. If you like Selfies, good, if not, dont bother. Even if you don't like selfies, having a good front camera is nice. I use my phone to video chat with friends/family all over the world, so having decently good camera helps.
Aoba, Myoko, Mogami are all solid ship when played right. Love my OP Mogami right now :P
If that PCs still on 7 and is bootable, you can recover the key using something like Magical Jelly Bean.
The AMD 3xx should be out in a few weeks. So obviously, wait.
&gt; They should include the new stacked memory (which AMD is implementing in some of the 300s) and a die shrink. Late 2015/early 2016 will be where it's at. It would depend on if nVidia can get the volumes they need. Right now, AMD has bit of an upper hand as far as partnerships goes since they've been working with Hynix for a few years and AMD expect a full year or so of competitive advantage with HBM.
You... Stop tempting me to buy a 3D printer XD
100% agree. It *screams* "SC fan" but does so quite subtly.
Play it as more of a support ship and help out your teams BBs with added firepower, killing DDs and providing AA cover. Also, modules make a pretty noticeable difference.
The website still needs a lot of work though.
WinZip and 7zip can use at least AES 128. Both have supported this since ~2004. Not sure which one WinZip use by default though.
How much are you willing to spend? And how often do you print?
It's a joke... And also pointing out that their ultrabooks have more than 1 USB port.
&gt; This makes putting it in the devices make even more sense. It's additional cost in most cases. However, boost converters are used in say things like fitness trackers (ie. FitBit) already to improve endurance as the MCU + sensors don't need a lot of power. &gt;If it's not going to work in every scenario, why pretend it will with this thing. Apart from the article, most people in this thread has pointed out why it's not very cost efficient and has limited application.
&gt;"I hope WG does away with 3-4 cap circle matches as, IMO, they're too difficult to get a pub team to cooperate with" I disagree. 3 caps with some map changes can work well especially as people start to learn the basics of the maps. Yes, they'll be terrible people, but that's just the nature of multiplayer games.
Dude... you're the Ancient One :P
Man, the Aurora is tiny :P
No no, honey pot in in the sense that it keeps those people off here for the most part.
2 weeks ^tm
Probably don't have the manufacturing volume to satisfy all three models with Exynos SoCs.
Damn lego, you're fast. &gt;The problem could be even worse for Hurston, if rumors of them developing a new line of antimatter-based weapons are true. Not the first time we've hard about this... wonder if we'll be able to get/steal them down the road.
It'll become the standard in the next 2 years or so. ASUS already has a phone that'll have a Type C connector.
Thunderbolt is an Intel standard that only Apple has adopted so far. Hopefully, this will become a more mainstream standard for when you need higher bandwidth than USB 3.1.
You do realize VirtualBox and a few others on the list are Oracle projects? I have no issues with Oracle taking down *their own projects* from SF esp. if they are infected.
If people want memes, fine, but they should be tagged just like the leaked stuff so I can use [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com/) to filter that shit out.
I've used both Anker and Aukey chargers/batteries and they all work well. As long as the Anker one says QC 2.0 you'll be fine. And obviously, you need a QC 2.0 compatible phone/tablet as well.
Are you talking about car chargers or regular chargers?
Well... this was an unexpected post.
&gt; Anything I can set in the BIOS to prevent this? Or some keywords I can get for Google as I can't seem to find a solution. Not really. This is done on almost all boards now. This is done so that the motherboard can figure out the max rpm of the fan so that the PWM values can be adjusted properly.
&gt; Probably had a hidden account or something Don't even need a hidden account, a test/dev account with the right permissions can easily be overlooked especially if said dev/test account is a department shared (yes... I know) account.
The charge current is completely dependent on how much capacity you have left and battery size. It has little to do with the charger as long as the charger can provide 1C or slightly more.
Minefields would be interesting... But I'm afraid half of my random team will die to them for a variety of reasons.
Really? Are you going by that unsourced post that random blog made and everyone else reblogged?
&gt; I know quite a few companies still run XP That's just a recipe for disaster...
Dude, just look at the performance. It does worse than a $200-250ish phone.
Hopefully, Google isn't crazy... but with Google, you may never know.
Psh. Amateur. . :P Just set up IFTTT or some other page monitor tool to alert on new posts on the RSI RSS.
Lol. Fail on my part. Fixed now.
&gt; mine has developed ever expanding cracks in the window. The cracks are more than likely because you over tightened the fittings.
S6. Some random blog said their Samsung source said "S6 sales less than expected" and most blogs re ran it.
Yup!
How did you crack the band? I wear it 24/7 and do swimming, running, jogging, sleep, etc all with the band on since December, and no issues.
Just look at /r/runescape and /r/2007scape. There's still a sizable chunk of people playing this surprisingly.
Xiaomi has a pretty sizable presence in the Asian/Southeast Asian markets. Also remember there's a TON of other Chinese brands and OEMs they are competing against.
It's fully waterproof.
&gt;No amount of "polishing" is going to fix the complaining. Amen to that. Even with the PU being released and years afterwards people are going to continue posting [CONCERN] threads.
99 little bugs in the code, 99 little bugs in the code, fix one bug, compile it again, 101 little bugs in the code. 101 little bugs in the code..... (Repeat until no more bugs)
It maybe the point of view, but the 2nd image makes it look huge.
Ben works closely with designers on ships as he's the guy that originally came up with the ship descriptions and such. Not sure how involved the rest of the community team is with this other than maybe dealing with the marketing/website related things.
Heck, lots of things in the game are names by Ben too. For example, the Graycat was named after his childhood cat. Ben was one of the first people to join the team and has a pretty big impact.
Nice. You're the kind of ignorant person companies love to pray on.
The ship interior was all out of whack as in not enough cargo space, too small holding cells in the Blue, too short ceilings, etc.
Sooo something like [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_monitor_Novgorod)? :P
They are working on it judging by the revamped model present in the leak.
Look up the "The Batteriser" that made the rounds a few days ago. The 8x life gain is complete bullshit. [Watch this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iEshd6izgk) if you'd like to see the problems with it broken down point by point.
Hamill has worked with Chris on Wing Commander III so it's possible he's going it cheap.
Display accuracy is part of judging display quality.
I'm really happy that Foundry 42 Germany is growing and pretty much dedicated to developing CryEngine. Also, judging by all the optimizations they've mentioned, I suspect quite a lot of us will get better performance in AC and FPS in the coming months.
No logic analyzer or o-scope at hand?
So THAT'S what you all bought at Toys R Us
Well, fire suppression in this case may be venting to space so yeah.
Hah definitely not cheap ($350ish I think) but cheaper than 5 years ago!
My primary rig is still a i7 920 OCed to 4+ Ghz. Still a beast and works very well. Gonna upgrade this next year.
Actually, not true. The Aurora Anniversary Package was $20, so you can consider that to be a "sale" over the regular price.
James...?
&gt;Are you suggesting that potential new backers wait to see if they can get one of those again this anniversary? assuming CIG even does it? Absolutely, especially if they are short on cash, willing to wait, and/or unsure about backing yet at higher prices.
Now that you mentioned it, that makes a lot of sense and rather clever way to do that.
The prices went up at each stage just like CIG said (Concept -&gt; Hangar -&gt; Flyable). For the flyable ships this no longer matters and the prices will more or less be static unless they change pricing due to VAT/exchange rates in certain regions. Unless you're getting a unflyable ship right now, the pricing is already set and can only go lower during say a sale. They aren't going to increase it unless they bundle Alpha access on to the package.
&gt; Feel free to link your time-travel sources Look at the price of the Gladius. Has it increased after it became flyable despite having 2-3 sales after it getting in AC?
Man, you're probably going to hate the head bobbing and such that'll happen when sprinting/under gforce.
Woah, really? edit: Just looked online, looks like you're right. $350 seems to be fore the dev kit. You can get the module for cheap as $200 if salvaged from a FLIR One. Not bad at all.
Imo, Google is likely to stick to the "flat" design going forward, at least for the next 3ish years or so I think. Google seems to be in the process of changing the web versions of their services to follow Polymer (ie.https://contacts.google.com/u/0/preview/all) which more or less directly borrows from Material Design. Google didn't do this for HOLO and previous designs so to me it seems like Google as a company is heading towards the MD/Polymer design language. It does make sense when you consider that by doing this, Google will be able to standardize design across PC and mobile for their services/applications and MD/Polymer seems to be flexible enough to look nice for both platforms.
Sooo... you want mind reading?
Heh yeah. I'm guessing quite a bunch of people on this sub play KSP and FTL.
Yep. Really glad to see a studio pretty much dedicated to engine development because how well the engine will perform will determine if we'll be able to have many dozens of ships in a battle.
Lmao. I avoid chat for the most part because it's the same shit questions over and over again. Besides I have better things to do with my time.
Cool, now how about Windows 8 and 10? :-P:-P:-P
Right, but Intel owns x86 so no ARM licencing costs here, as for R&amp;D costs, this will be a big factor. But R&amp;D for the most part, is a sunk cost considering they have spent this on the desktop/server side esp. to get performance/Watt up for the last decade or so.
There's some significant cross sharing between these two. Yes, they are different, but the expertise and R&amp;D spent on the desktop/server space apply to Mobile SoCs as well.
&gt; But for the general public, I suspect it has more to do with the camera quality (besides the lack of marketing). Eh, the general news media did cover the overheating thing so I'd expect this along with camera influenced decisions. Not to mention the overwhelmingly positive press the S6 got as well as the Samsung marketing machine being very, very, very good at what they do.
Nice. Good luck! Hope you break 4Ghz on the Xeon.
&gt; There are some much more in depth questions and answers in the various chat rooms than YT,RTV, Reddit gives at this point. Care to post an example?
Yeah but if you were having a shitty marriage they would found out and you probably wouldn't have made the cut anyway.
The S3 was a legend. Still know a few people using one with custom ROMs (they have the SD/US version). I do wonder if the combined S6 and S6 Edge sales will be able to outsell the S3.
&gt; My grammar does suck so that's valid teach me the ways of the language claim to know? lol.
This is completely normal in development. You build a prototype to see if it gives you the performance you want, if not, you go and see if you can do some optimizations. If that still doesn't work, you go with Option B. Also, it's important they get things like this right the first time around, because changing certain parts down the road is going to involve a LOT more work and complexity as you'll be dealing with multiple sub systems that are dependent and will break if you change some part significantly.
&gt; As far as I know the only way to get rid of the downvote button is to use an overlay. Won't make a difference. You can just use RES to turn it off. And won't work on mobile apps either as they don't do custom overlays.
Are there even 3D ultrawides? I'm looking at the 34" ultrawides btw. I currently have 3x 22" LCDs in an eyefinity setup but I absolutely hate the bezels so I'd rather have 1x ultrawide + 1x 22" setup with the ultrawide being the primary LCD for gaming.
&gt; Ultra wide would piss me off though as your average video doesn't really use that ratio. I get pissed from 4:3 or 16:10 format even, lol. Heh, that's why I still have the 2nd LCD and a TV ;) The ultrawide is mainly for gaming and productivity.
Have you tried this with colored printouts?
Yup. Exactly.
You can't do any of that if you don't learn to fly well first. At least try Vanduul Swarm.
They use your search patterns and such you know...
Your boss seems pretty decent, so you should write a short report for him withe links/content from Oracle and other security companies about the issue. Then hand it to your boss so he can hopefully bring it up at a meeting.
&gt; If they made thrusters much weaker for the smaller ships, once the larger ships are released, their turn speed would be abysmal. And by the time you're flying the capital ships, the experience would be horrible. You are correct, however, I think this is EXACTLY what some people want for the larger esp. capital ships. They want the ships to feel like a WW2 ship battle where ships slug it out like at Midway, Jutland, Leyte, etc. Personally, I don't want this, but I also don't want large capital ships to be able to maneuver like a 300i/Hornet.
I don't think they'll reach S6/G4 levels, but even if they get close enough, it's already too late for the M9 as old reviews are unlikely to be updated to reflect the changes, so your average person won't know about it and won't get the M9.
Yup. I totally get that, but some people actually seems to be fine with this.
How can you be so sure? It could be Android Wear based.
Ah, gotcha. Still though, I'm hoping it's not and they go with Android Wear with their own Samsung flavor on top.
For large scale applications, it's definitely expensive, but you can get small scale stuff printed pretty cheaply in steel/brass.
I don't get why they don't use the light sensor to check if it's in a pocket or not. Light sensor says dark + accelerometer gives readings -&gt; most likely in a pocket/backpack/handbag.
Well, Microsoft seems to be going in a new and better direction, so... Microsoft buys off HTC and they become the next Nokia?
UltraPixel as a concept was a good idea, but HTCs image processing was pretty bad just like with the M9.
This. For example, last time I checked, they said the 1st gen Moto G had a SD card slot...
Ok, that's nice, but how about pointing out some important specs like leakage current/power for gates? Just saying "make a completely functional circuit with performance comparable to existing chips" doesn't tell much at all. Unfortunately don't have access to the actual paper so if anyone can go through and look for this kind of info in it I'd appreciate that.
Yup. Btw, have you played EVE and/or been a leader in a org?
&gt; the grand finale will explain why people were talking about our spam filter and the invasion of Iraq in the same sentence. All right, you've piqued my curiosity level. ETA on the story?
&gt; Since my girlfriend is on the team too, we could even say I'm in love with it. :) Sooo when are you and Amelia getting married? And TFTS is invited to the wedding right??? :D
&gt; We both neither want marriage Does this not impact your taxes? In the USA this has a noticeable impact depending on your income bracket. &gt; But we're very happy together right now. :D
Ironic how he said those things yet gave a "personal recommendation" for Pao becoming the new interim (likely permanent) CEO.
Ah, gotcha. That sounds like a pretty good deal.
So... she's khajiiti?
This sub along with others like /r/conspiracy will be in the chopping block in the coming months/years. Only a matter of time.
Moneyyyyyy! Pao wants the site to become more mainstream so the ad money will start to roll in.
The funny thing is, SRS is notorious for not using np links which encourages brigading, while FPH and other subs monitor/delete posts that link to other subs.
It's the reddit hug of death due to people checking it out.
Lol. And some people here were saying Xposed and other apps will never be on x86.
Which modules are you using? Also, have you been able to uninstall all the bloat? If you have managed to get rid of the bloat, what's your SOT and overall battery life? I really like the design and price vs performance of the Zenfone 2, but the bloat and SOT/battery life has been putting me off. ASUS forums and other places are reporting lots of wakelock issues.
Mmm ok.
But the point he was making was 50 battles really isn't that many games at all...
&gt; The hope is that it will change as we get closer to release. I don't think it will unfortunately. I think at most around 10% female. edit: Just saw your poll results, looks like majority of the replies are from this sub, so it would have sample bias as reddit itself is mainly a male population. Still though, I don't expect more than 10% actual female population.
What size?
Type 59s were pretty OP in WoT man!
I meant physical size lol. 34"?
I can just imagine the mental gymnastics OP is going through to try and counter these points.
It's speculated that the family has some incest issues...
Health at every size.
It will completely depend on developer support. From what I've seen more developers have been working with the Rift.
If a male CEO did the same thing, he'd be a asshole/dick/bastard/whatever too. I never said otherwise.
[ZOOM....ENHANCE](http://i.imgur.com/AHL0nq7.png)... ^^Possible ^^SQ42 ^^spoiler Assuming that's a ship and not a station, my guess is Bengal.
Let's see if we can summon Ben... /u/banditloaf he was around a few minutes ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/39g0dq/was_just_thinking_they_should_release_the_fps/cs388io?context=3
Soon^TM +2 weeks.
I thought reddit has said they don't do IP bans before...
Pretty much most of the phones take pretty good outdoor photos.
Throwing more money at a project does not make it go faster despite having extra money. What CIG needs is a [Time Turner](http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/Time-Turner).
Biowarfare... as your entire division farting at the same time so they evacuate the ship? :P
Bingo. Ran it multiple times with different priorities and carriers, and these were pretty much the choices all the time.
Well done. Glad to see CIG hiring people from the community. They have hired Disco, Elwin, you and who else so far?
&gt; how it's going to interact with other ships and how that role has changed as the game has developed. You are not going to get the answer to that until the Professions (miner, salvager, bounty hunter, etc) and their mechanics are ironed out. Some of these design posts should be up in the coming weeks as per the monthly report and Ben on INN. Also, the "role ship X has" is already covered by the flavor text, brochures, lore, etc. What more do you want? Do you really want her to just repeat that same stuff and add a few tidbits? For example, for the Hornet we know it's the defacto carrier based ship for the UEE and has been in the front lines against the Vanduul. It's role is a fighter. edit: &gt;I've seen enough about HUDs, style guides, and lore. I very, very, very strongly disagree with this. I haven't seen enough technical details on HUD design/tech other than what Zain has said, I want to see his current progress. Further more, the style guides really give you a good idea of the universe especially the look and feel CIG is going for. There's a lot of other technical things (ie. data compression for multicrew ships) I'd like to see before the whole ship role/profession thing. &gt;I was hoping there would be some Q&amp;A so we had a ship-specific version of the Forum Feedback from WMH. You and I both know this is just going to bring up the same old questions over and over again and it's going to end up being like 10FTC questions.
Yessssssss! Still my biggest complain as far as performance goes.
Dude, the entire CIG Germany team was setup so that they can fix engine issues like the net code. And they have some of the best ex Crytek guys there, including some that were responsible for building the engine in the first place.
Good luck with that. The main reason they managed to get them was because Crytek wasn't doing well financially.
So pretty much like 90% of middle management?
I don't think you realize how involved CR is. In the INN interview Ben mentioned off hand that he got a flood of Emails from Chris on various stuff he had seen on the forums and their internal shotgun posts.
Agreed, and honestly the closer we get to release the worse it's going to get because a feature they want probably won't make it to V1 so they are going to start screaming like crazy.
My guess is management vs engineers/QA. Doesn't matter if QA/engineering warns them but management chooses to ignore it because ultimately it's management that makes these decisions.
Save the money and upgrade your GPU. You'll get better bang for your buck especially if you're running at 1440p.
This. It's easier to sell to existing customers than to sell to new customers. Marketing 101 really.
He's worked on the FPS UI and Planetside/MobiGlas stuff in the meantime. We won't see his work until these modules are released.
Do yourself a favor and learn to fly on one of the toy micro quads first. Something like the Syma X11.
Moose is not real. He is skynet. :-P
Not quite, it's the CPU is x86 but the rest of the things like modems and interconnects are not standardized like they are on the PC.
Keep in mind it says Max Crew not max passengers. Think about a small turbo prop or helicopter. You have a crew of 2 and the rest are passengers. You don't count the passengers as crew.
Yeah sure for phones, but these Mi Bands and other Xiomi accessories like ear buds are very rarely sold out.
And the 1GB RAM. I have the Moto G and the 1GB RAM is really starting to show its limits especially with Lollipop.
It's been there since like Windows XP. At least in the US.
No, the 2GB Zenphone 2 is $200.
Yup. If you're looking for more of a stock experience Idol 3 is the way to go. Or you could hold out a month or so to see if someone makes a AOSP like ROM for the Zenphone 2.
Remember Motorola is now owned by Lenovo.
Zenphone 2 for $200 but I'd wait a 1-3 months to see if devs get some ROMs especially a AOSP one out. If you want a more AOSP/Nexus like experience and want a phone now, then get the Idol 3 at $250.
So you built an expensive PC/bought one without seeing if your favorite games are available? Nice going.
Heh to be fair they didn't really have many choices. None of the existing engines are designed for SC. They still saved a lot of work and time by using an existing engine than doing it from scratch.
There's going to be sooooooo much raging and negativity that I wouldn't be surprised if CR comes out and make Forum post on it. A lot are pissed there's no FPS out yet, people don't like the price, and some people never liked the idea of this ship and think it's a waste of development time.
Heh you certainly can, but imo that would be kinda setting your self up for disappointment.
IPhone 4 had an attenuation issue that caused call drops and such. The issue surfaces itself depending on how you hold the phone.
Agreed. This is something Twitch needs to deal with since it's their platform.
Agreed on all points. This needs to be done and sooner the better so there's more time to fix bugs down the road towards PU alpha.
That's exactly what they are trying to fix! Because right now from the demo it did not look like that.
That's not too bad for something like this considering just 5 years ago you'd have paid almost double that.
Pneumatics would hiss. Hydraulic will not since they hydraulics are generally a close loop.
The 4690 should be more than enough for gaming for quite a while. I'm still using an OCed i7 920 for gaming and it's still running strong. If you think you'll OC get the unlocked version for a little more. Also consider that the price for used CPUs drop like crazy. For example, you can get used LGA 1366 CPUs under $50 now.
Obviously. But they had to have the sale. Ben already said the sale was delayed by more than two weeks and they couldn't delay it longer since the company needs the revenue for credit reasons.
They just set up an office in Germany and moving the Santa Monica office. It's NOT about the money in the bank. It's about the ability to get a good credit rating for the company. Also, 2M/mo isn't enough for a business the size of CIG especially since they are doing something very non traditional.
Nope. Count the squares. Those will not be impacts by the shadows and stuff.
Well at least you/company got some easy money out of it.
Get a dash cam now if you don't already have one.
You'll be fine. You're probably drawing less than 100W at full tilt.
Isn't McLaren making a good portion of their money from their McLaren Applied Technologies subsidiary? This seems pretty similar to it.
You're correct, but most banks will still take care of it it as a courtesy/obe time thing.
They also have STREAM = Science, Technology, Engineering, Robotics, Arts, and Math. Not quite sure why they've split up Robotics from Tech/Engineering, but it is a thing now.
Go to Advanced Auto or whatever. They should have either 1K or 2K. Both should work fine for this kind of thing.
Alclad is great. Highly recommend it. You will need an airbrush to apply it though. I don't think it comes in aerosol cans. Another thing is if you apply a few coats of Alclad you can then use a rotary tool with a buffing pad to shine it up if you want that shiny look.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Dude, transfer to another school next semester.
Back in the Galaxy Nexus days I managed to get about 20-30min extra SOT with under volting. Pretty big deal when the GNex had such shit battery life.
You're reading the ramblings of someone without much self control and driven by the hype built by CIG and the community.
This is STILL standard industry practice. It doesn't matter if it's a small $100k contract or $50M contract. A good project will almost always use a modular approach. This is nothing new.
Hah, who ever that student is will have a great story to tell his buddies about how he accidentally took down a shitty school network.
Great photos. I assume you did some post processing on these? If so, good job on that.
Thanks. I was just about to ask that same question. That strap does look quite good on the Bambino.
Yeah, you don't want to go to Christie's for this. They deal with more expensive things. Check with your insurance company. Also do some research on appraisers in your area.
I'm guessing the manufacturer have spent a small fortune on focus groups and other market research and found people like that look.
Also, France helped us out back in the day!
Penny stock?
Shit dude, you nailed it. I totally read that in his voice and it sounded right.
Not sure why you're down voted, but yeah portion/calorie control and generally making healthy food goes a long way.
Yeah, driving dynamics are important.
I'd say the torque dip is a bigger issue and easier thing to fix considering the aftermarket parts + tune can fix it.
Pretty normal if you do consulting/freelance work ;)
I heard they couldn't find the stats...
Cache all the things! Or RAM drive for use by the camera and few other things.
What MMOs?
&gt; tried to tell me a challenger is in the same market as an M6. lol. I don't think many M6 buyers are cross shopping a Challenger. They are VERY different cars aimed at different market segments. Same price != direct competitors.
Camry SS and RS can work. The rest, dosen't really have that ring.
You're saying that like some GM/FCA products don't have the same/similar issues. Yes it's definitely an issue on the $60k+ Model S but they aren't the only ones with similar issues.
I'll just stick to my $6 feeler gauges :P
&gt; The battery will also damp power supply ripples/noise. Eh, better off going with low pass RC filter if you care much about supply noise.
&gt;keep the 3D printer running for a while until it's out You don't want to over discharge the battery.
This is a dying game. The MTX exists because they have make up lost revenue as players keep leaving. MTX lets them pull as much money as they can now and then shut down the game in a few years.
I don't get why she's still working for CCP.
"You're next" - CCP
Decisions like this are always made by a team. Doubt there's one person to blame for it.
We need an EVE's version Snowden to break NDA and leak everything.
Hah, I noticed that too. It sounded like they took that voice track from a completely separate video.
Always wear a respirator with a VOC filter when working with melted plastics.
When's the wedding? 😛
Just accumulate more hail damage and report it.
Exactly. My problem with ads like this is people will get too comfortable when they see a systems like this working in ideal conditions. This won't always be the case esp. given the variations in weather/driving conditions.
Laptops don't really use 18650s due to packaging/thinness required now days. Almost all are custom LiPo packs like in cellphones.
&gt; Mark up of 10-15K :( I knew that would happen. This is the same problem the Focus RS has.
Both are great people in their own way, but Edelbrock definitely had a big impact on the hot rodding/tuning/project car scene.
Also, with things like Pokémon Go, people have been exposed to AR. Probably not as many people have still tried a VR headset.
This post needs to be higher up. OP certainly seems to have a chip on his shoulder.
You're exactly the kind of person any other CC permit holder dosen't want CCing because you'll pull some stupid shit giving every other CC permit holder a bad name.
I still don't understand why people bought that thing.
&gt; a monster of a real-wheel drive lol. Do they mean rear wheel drive?
[Totally ](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/738/025/db0.jpg)
Why... How??!!?
Blue Ridge is a great drive during the fall after most of tourists season is done. Also check out Skyline Drive if you haven't.
Post it on imgur.com and then link the album here.
Yeah, I think a LOT of people expected that to be the case when Tesla said they won't have a typical gauge cluster. But, Musk has said no HUD (at least for the first version of the Model 3).
&gt; Not having a gauge cluster isn't innovative or "fine" its unhelpful and can also be ~~dangerous~~. No no no, it's COURAGEOUS! Just like Apple! ^^^/s
Mate, if he's in to watches already, just wait until he gets in to cars (if he isn't already) lol. There seems to be a lot of overlap between watch guys/car guys and vise versa.
Yeah, interior temperatures in a car can get pretty crazy when it's parked in the sun. More than what LiPos can handle. If people are using LiPo powered dash cams they should at least remove it and place it in the glove box, assuming it's not hard wired.
Don't worry, Autopilot will save you...! /s
&gt;$1500 for tire and wheel warranty WTF!!!
He's also the only one who puts the car on a lift and show what it's like underneath and talk about various things.
Man, Chevy numbering is confusing.
Why not?
Sure. But if they are looking for value, they probably shouldn't go with something that has heavy dealer markups.
Yeah the 3M Crystalline has a very high price. It also seems to depend on where you get it done. A buddy of mine in SC got the same exact tint as mine for like $100 less.
I don't think an F1 car would have the endurance/reliability to do a endurance race like this in one go.
If you really care about the paint, get a paint protection film applied with a ceramic coating on top of that.
Wow. That's a very low mileage considering the age of the truck. How long has it been sitting in the garage?
Yeah but then you have to clean up the oil as well. Better to just use some 90%+ isopropinol alcohol.
&gt; you have to be *trying* to fuck it up. You underestimate the ability for people to fuck up lol.
Or you do it because a lot of dealers will do 0%/5+ year loans with a decent down payment and great credit.
*regenerating. That kitty is part Borg.
Yeah, I bet she got a "Certificate of Proficiency in Computering" as well. https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/5xlt5b/google_bing_lady_final_update/
Heh, I went from a Moto 360 to real watches.
Are radios that expensive? Seems like they'd be pretty cheap.
Said the S2K owner ;)
Yeah, I plan to keep the cars for a while, it's definitely worth it.
Do you really have a Nomad?
I think Motortrend On Demand has it. Not sure if it's members only or not. See: http://www.motortrendondemand.com/detail/sat-jun-17-5-20am-et-michelin-le-mans-cup-le-mans-/0_809jg2qc/
&gt; it's reddit meetup day You're actually going to a reddit meetup?
Nooo! I don't want OP to stop talking. Because [reasons](http://i.imgur.com/NnoGhN1.gif).
If you're doing this, make sure you get a kit with UV protection sealant or buy the sealant. Apply several coats, just make sure to give it enough time to dry between coats.
Put a clear coat over it and it should stay in place without much issue.
Why? I'm talking about the Yobokies version. The SNZH57 + Yobokies dial gets the aesthetic pretty close. You can sometimes find it with the mod already one on Ebay for $130-170. Of course it's no Blancpain. But if you don't want to daily a $2000+ watch, this is a good alternative to have a similar look.
No. Qualcomm already showed off a prototype/tech demo of wireless charging of a metal back a few years ago. However, I do believe Qualcomm has a patent on it so others will probably have to licence it.
&gt; There is a "game changer" coming up this year. Probably showing off a large capital ship with most things working?
Can confirm it's the Chantilly area.
&gt; I feel like I need to upgrade because my images don't feel sharp enough with my kit. Possibly something wrong with the lens itself. Can you post some sample images?
That's gonna create a shortage of donor body parts.
&gt; the only bright spot at toyota would be TRD, and they aren't even involved in this kind of racing for some stupid fucking reason. &gt; toyota RACING development, is not involved in their fucking RACING program. instead they make up some dumbass word like gazoo and spend a billion dollars on it? shoots self in head they are literally taking one of the best and most recognized racing brands, racing team and race parts engineering/manufacturing houses, and pissing all over it from up top. trd stuff has always been amazing. That's a pretty good point.
Aye. If the privateers can do better than you while spending less, you really gotta step back and take a hard look at WTF is going on with your program. I mean just look at the No. 39 Jackie Chan car. They did damn well and I bet their budget was quite a lot less than Toyota. I also find it ironic that Toyota's consumer cars are known for their reliability, but their racing cars are the opposite.
The Aston vs Corvette battle was awesome. Sucks that the Corvette had issues on the last lap.
Fair point. But still, you'd expect the LMP1s to be at the podium for the overall wins, considering all the money spent and having a higher performance threshold.
Not yet... Just wait for AI to advance and Skynet to take over ;)
Ok. I'm sure the mods will sort that out :)
I'd say OP should use a hair dryer. Very easy to mess up with a heat gun if OP isn't careful.
OP, now do a Rolex or Omega!
Get a G Shock. It's really robust and you can just wash it off after the workout. That's what I do.
You know what the funny thing is? The rich people wear Apple Watches. I work/worked with CXOs for some high profile companies (mainly tech and finance) and every single one of them wear an Apple Watch everywhere. The exception was really fancy dinners/galas where they wear the luxury watches.
&gt; *and* /r/gonewild30plus has another thing coming. (👁 ͜ʖ👁)
Hopefully, the new Supra will signal a change in direction for Toyota. The SFR concept was also pretty cool, but I don't think that'll ever come to the US.
/u/v8livesmatter would be very happy with that.
Are you going to do Larry's 911 again? He seems to have done a shit ton of work to that over the last year. He put out a teaser a few weeks ago about it.
They would if the government/political stability there was decent.
&gt; and it is small, slow, and has a low output 4 banger. Unless it's this monster: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLONL8ax9CI
Torque Pro is like $5 and works quite well.
Grab one of those blue print car posters. They can go very well in your room without having that "kid" feeling.
Lol. Ok.
Mmk.
Mate, invest in some Weathertech floor liner. Every single car I've owned have had it and it's made cleaning up messes so easy. Floor liner and ceramic tints are a day 1 buy for me.
He's not wrong. The SoC in the iPhone is amazing. If you spend a decent amount of time on /r/Android you'll see how many people want the same SoC performance out of a Snapdragon/Exynos. You should also see how many people complain about battery life because Google Play Services or other shitty app wake locks the phone.
Ah gotcha. You could just buy a cheap Android phone to run it. About $70 for a Moto G. Put Torque Pro and an offline map like CoPilot and it makes for a great backup phone to keep in the car.
Oh yeah, I prefer Android as well. But I can see why people go for iPhones.
This is a very good point and OP should probably do this if he's actually going to do this as a part time business.
Truth in 24. Both the first and second. It got me into cars. Edit: OK this is more of a documentary than a movie, but still.
Clean your radiator. If it's still running hot, re-seat it. If it's still an issue issue, then it's possible the coolant has leaked over time from a pin hole. I believe the older H50 had this issue.
Nah, I don't think you'll have any airflow issues with that set up.
No, you're fine. In fact, chances are your owners manual actually tells you how to replace that filter. It's usually an owner maintenance item. That dick head is trying to pull a fast one. As long as you get an OEM one you'll be perfectly fine.
You need a load on the battery to get a proper voltage reading that account for the system draw. Measure it while it's in the watch. Dave from the EEVBLOG has a few videos about measuring battery voltage and battery chemistry.
The G2 was what the Nexus 5 should have been.
I think there was a video on /DRIVE or somewhere else (maybe TST podcast?) where one of the people were talking about the importance of back pressure and other factors. It wouldn't be out of the realm of possibility that what the YouTuber commenter said is true. Fluid dynamic are strange.
Check your insurance and see what they say about towing, it's possible your policy has something about it. If so, get it towed to your home and then get the shipping company to pick it up from there.
Get a sharper blade and use more force.
They wouldn't have enough loaners to cover most people. This airbag issue impacted millions of cars.
&gt; I'd hope that the industry realizes just how dangerous it is to rely on only one or two suppliers to supply nearly all components for almost all companies in any particular product segment... but something tells me that they won't learn. Agreed. It's kind of stupid to use one company for such a vital and common product. There's a reason any good electronics company has multiple suppliers for the same part.
Can confirm. Saw one in DC last Friday. It was parked in one of the parking garages near the Rosslyn metro.
&gt; Why Wal-Mart? Who knows. Convenience. They stock most things you'd ever need and it's probably like a 10min drive for him.
For a few minutes to get milk or something? Sure. I've seen newish 911s and other expensive cars parked in Walmart lots.
That looks much better. Except in OP's pictures, the logo on the front is the shitty KIA logo.
&gt; Insurance is about $1200. That's a lot lower than I expected... full coverage?
Computers already control a lot of key infrastructure and weapons... Sooo yeah, you're not escaping this.
Most people who do stupid shit like this will never ever go to a track, even if it was available and relatively low cost.
Wasn't it her car though?
Sony's professional services still don't hold a candle to CPS/NPS.
The sleezy scumbags are trying to sell it over MSRP probably to a buyer they already have lined up.
That's kind of his point. With a bit of effort you can get some decent pictures out of even a budget phone now days.
&gt; I especially don't get why, if you hate *anything*, you'd watch it, make a Reddit thread about it, angrily make a YouTube comment, whatever. Just ... move on. There are some car YouTubers I hate. You know what I do? I don't watch. Two reasons. One, people are fucking dumb. Second, people love to bitch and moan on the Internet for no real reason.
Spot on. Him, Matt and RCR are really the only big car YouTubers I follow because they interact here.
The new 10 speed should be interesting. I believe it's the same/similar to the one in the F 150.
Agreed. Just compare Gingerbread to the iOS version at the time...
Because for some stupid reason, insuarance is quite a lot more expensive for the GT based on my age/location. Like I mean $1k/yr more expensive. That and gas milage. I plan to daily it (giving Corolla to mom, Civic to sis), so with a ~450-500mi per week commute the gas adds up.
About 20min in to this 40min episode. It's been great so far. A pretty interesting variety of stuff with the typical Jay humor/flair.
Google the model. It should help you see what kind of tire it is. Or heck, post a clear close up picture of it and people here can probably tell you.
Also don't forget aging. What happens to those summer tires after 2+ low temperature winters? I'm guessing the rubber compound will be impacted by the long term low temperatures so the tires probably won't behave the same as the Engineering Explained testing.
There's still a very large difference between the sim and real tracks. I have experienced Summit Point in iRacing and in real life (with a friend's Miata) and they are quite a bit different.
The new GM/Ford 10 speed and Porsche DCTs.
Wait why would you not do this yourself? Why not put the broker fees towards a better car? Or why not go with a new car especially if they do 0% financing (assuming you have good credit)?
Check the date code on the tires. See:https://www.tirebuyer.com/education/how-to-determine-the-age-of-your-tires edit: Also, are you on summer tires, all seasons, or winter tires?
Have you considered CarMax? Sounds like that's the kind of sales experience you're looking for. Get their extended warranty/bumper to bumper warranty depending on what you're planning to get.
I think general maintenance in the sense of checking tire pressure, tire tread depth, basic visual inspections of parts, checking oil level, etc should be taught and tested on.
#YOU NEVER HAD ME, YOU NEVER HAD YOUR EAR DRUMS
That's a State issue, not a Federal issue.
Assuming you buy both body and lens new, that's about $1900 USD. Seems like a pretty decent deal.
You can potentially lease it pretty cheap with a decent down payment and very good credit.
So instead of answering, you're avoiding the question? Nice.
Sure because people do tend to get a year long leases especially in the DC area.
Anyone know how much this would be worth if restored correctly?
Down. If it does stick to the windscreen, I always have a can or two of deicing spray and a short spray and a few seconds works to get them unstuck.
Agreed. And is it me or did the launches for both the R8 and 911 look terrible?
Come on Sony, make that 16-50 or 18-50 f/2.8 already!
I would make that deal too. At a constant 55 I would probably be home in 30-40min instead of the 60-80min it takes me right now.
Not really a big deal since most cars are starting to get LED lights as a standard.
Or rather wait to buy it used.
Because most point and shoots have smaller sensors?
I think the color is called Nevada White lol.
Sure but much less than normal lights.
Why would you say you did autocross...? Autocross is considered a motorsport.
You also have the option of doing remote tuning with COBB stuff, but I personally think it's better to do it in person at a certified shop.
It's the 12-16 year olds that makes people like him famous. That along with how YouTube shows trending/popular videos.
Sure, let's take a look at hauling then. Some who starts with a Freelancer MAX has a bigger leg up than someone with an Aurora CL.
&gt; In what world does anyone start life out in a level playing field? In most MMOs everyone starts out at Level 1 on Day 1...
So, who exactly is eating the cost for this? Are the OEMs paying for the new replacements or what?
This is about starting off the bat. Not about new players who join later. This is VERY different than a typical MMO when it comes to Day 1 starting where most people start off on the same footing.
Good call on that.
Dude probably just wanted a the car for cruising around in without having to deal with shifting.
Indeed. I am currently using an adapted Sigma 17-50 f2.8 with my A6000. I have to manual focus but that works fine for me.
The Koni Yellows are adjustable. But it does require some effort to install. You will need a few specialized tools such as a spring compressor if going the DIY route. Install video for the Koni Yellows on a Mustang: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGzSy2qAuLc Roughly the same/similar process for other car models as well.
Sure, let's call it similar skill level.
Was it an OEM part or a 3rd party replacement part?
Yeah looks like a Malibu and a Camaro had a baby.
Make a few small holes in the blanket for oil drain?
Aww I read that as M3 and was kind of excited 😩
&gt; T-MO has beef with Huawei rightfully Wait, why?
Fair point.
They can already do that if you have a cellphone lol.
Please please please add a decal in the front that says "FRONT TOWARDS CROWDS".
I mean wouldn't any big companies have ties to the Chinease gov't? You really do need those ties if you want to make it big in China.
This is amazing. I give it a score of 5/7.
Funny thing is these people are probably never going to buy this new.
Damn, that stuff used to be pennies or less.
Yup, people don't want to take the depreciation hit.
Right, basically the ST would have those as stock items.
Doubt it. People give Tesla a ton of leeway.
They just use customers as beta testers 😛
Fair enough, when I saw it the 2nd comment was about the OTA. I also think the concerns/complaints got up voted as it got closer to the front page.
What about the blinker fluid?
Come on Sony/3rd party OEM... please make that damn 18-50 f2.8 already!!!
I know right. I'm even more surprised some 3rd party OEM like Sigma hasn't made one. People have been asking for a 17-50/18-50 f2.8 lens for ages on E mount.
Lmao. I have to figure out some context to use that in the future.
Good on that bloke. We shouldn't allow any manufacturer be it Tesla, Amazon, or Samsung to blatantly mislead in their advertising.
This. Meet at the bank and do the transfer.
Some places don't have emission inspections. In addition, manufacturers have to hit certain MPG targets while you don't have to.
Catback is fine. The COBB tune is iffy warranty wise but it depends on the dealer. Some turn a blind eye while others don't.
Call ahead and saying you are making plans to get one in the next 2 years or so. Just be upfront about it and sound serious/honest. Then ask if you can arrange some time to test drive a PDK. I've done this and had no issues getting a test drive. Also check out if someone from your local Porsche club is willing to let you test drive a PDK.
I didn't confuse the two. What I said was that it's good they are focusing on refinement/working on existing features. But I doubt CR will stick to just that. He'll probably chase after some new thing this year.
Except for the Ranger, do these Mustangs have enough margin to really make much profit?
Sure, I agree with that. My concern is that CIG seems to start working on non critical items like Planetside bases before they finish up key game mechanics like hacking, mining, etc.
Funny thing is he never owned a WRX lol. Also, did he ever own a Subaru?
&gt; know how to tinker with their trucks already. It might be a turn off that if something breaks they can't fix it themselves. That is a good point.
Hmmm, these things are pretty cheap. Around $5-6k for a decent example. Not bad if you want a project car/track car.
I was thinking more along the lines of using non Porsche parts like say swapping some Japanese or American engine in to it and doing the work yourself/friends. But yeah there's definitely better platforms to make a race car out of.
Hah true true. But it's more about doing something unusual than the typical swaps in BRZs and what not.
I have a Scharnhorst and does quite well in it, mainly because I play it kind of like a heavy cruiser. I think I'll just save the XP and see how the French BBs are like.
Noooo they drilled the front bumper for the plates. Great choice for the color though.
Yeah, VA requires it too. What I did was get a fold down licence plate holder: https://www.americanmuscle.com/speedform-flip-down-license-plate-holder-manual-10114.html Then I drilled a center hole in the piece that connects under the bumper so I could re-use one of the factory screw holes instead of having to drill a hole in the bumper like the instructions mention. No issues with cops in VA/DC/MD with this setup. This is how it looks: https://i.imgur.com/nJgk8ti.jpg Folded down: https://i.imgur.com/oY0YA1D.jpg
Correct. They can have an Android based infotainment system it's just that Google Services require handing over certain information.
&gt; not when it comes to making a quality component up to the quality standards of a company like Toyota. Dude, a significant number of Toyota parts are actually manufactured by other companies. For example, ECUs come from Bosch, Siemens, Denso, etc. Toyota quality exists because they have damn good SCM and QC, not because they don't outsource.
You have a dash cam right?
For a car, you probably want an RTOS with minimal latency.
I mean he can always change his name.
And that changes things how in this context?
Any essential l (heh) questions and answers anyone want to summarize here for the lazy?
It's not our fault you're so damn stupid that you can't figure out a UI that even my 12 year old cousin can figure out.
I wasn't aware of that. Will check it out. Thanks!
A 10 year old platform SHOULD have better reliability not less. See Corolla.
Misery of the poor people eh? Is that why the current administration reduce funding/coverage for healthcare?
&gt; And yes, for below average players, not being able to afford the consumables is just going to make their already bad performance even worse. So, get better. You fail to realize that Wargaming is a business that has continues operating costs. Premium time and such pays for this so that freeloaders like you can actually play the game at the cost of a slightly increased grind.
1. Lmao. You claim it's P2W but yet you yourself supports P2W. Cognitive dissonance much? 2. A game like this can't survive with the "old" pay once to play model. Look at GW2. There's a reason they went F2P with MTX. 3. If this game is P2W why are you continuing to support it by playing it and actually getting premium time/ships? Wargaming won't do shit to change it unless people speak with their wallet. And yet you haven't done so while claiming it's P2W.
Eh looks pretty bad. The lines just aren't right.
Does it have full LTE support? It's generally missing some bands. Especially band 12 for T-mobile.
Higher load on the card for a extended period of time. You also don't know if the miner OCed it quite a bit and how hot it was running.
Except it's running 24/7 unlike gaming.
So basically we need to spray our cars with rodent repellant now eh?
True, but a miner is likely to have abused it more since they only need to keep it a short time before unloading it. A typical gamer would need it to survive a year or two minimum. While a miner only needs it for a few months before moving on to another card.
This is CIG. This isn't the first time they've waited until the last minute to say something.
I knew several bitcoin miners who abused the hell out of their GPUs before it became unprofitable for GPU mining and they moved on to ASICs.
Do you want Tesla to remove standard features and make them in to options? Because that's what you'd get if Apple bought them.
Companies launch new models from time to time and I don't recall any other manufacturer having this much issue.
Get a high endurance SD card as well.
More track time and doing some suspension work on the Mustang. Also want to hit up VIR at least once this season.
&gt; The issue is making sure they have quality in their supply chain and manufacturing. Something Apple actually clearly excels at. Apple has a great SCM, but they aren't a manufacturing company. They don't operate their own factories. That is all outsourced to Foxconn. Tesla, Toyota, BMW, etc all operate their own manufacturing plants unlike Apple, so saying that they are good at manufacturing is not true.
&gt; Should we then dismiss all reviews of everything in the current Alpha? Because everything is subject to change and virtually nothing is in it's final form in ALPHA. Yes we should, but CIG and the community thrives on shiny new ships so this is never going to happen.
There's a reason DSLRs/mirrorless have big lenses. You can't beat physics. Also, if this thing was so great, why aren't all the pro's using it for shooting weddings, sports, wildlife, etc?
Tesla wants to be the Apple of the EV market. They want the first mover advantage and the brand value. On both of these counts they've done pretty well. In regards to distance, most of the people buying EVs probably have a 2nd or 3rd car. Two of the Model S owners I know have 3 cars. They just use their SUV for long distance driving and use the Model S for commuting from NoVA to DC for work, ~50mi total per day so still plenty of range left. With that said, Tesla has made some absolutely stupid decisions both in design and manufacturing.
It's not just the size, the video is stating that you would get DSLR like or better quality images. If it does, then pros will switch. There's a reason medium format digital became popular with the pro studio photographers.
Probably going to be an plug in hybrid with a 3/4cyl range extender that will continually charge the battery. And of course, standard stuff like collision avoidance and all that.
A proper undercarriage coating + ceramic coating for the paint (or PPF). Both of these will help extend the time before rust becomes an issue. But make no mistake, you WILL get rust eventually.
It should last around 4-6- months depending on weather conditions. I generally apply the sealant every season because of winter conditions and all that. Also, ceramic coatings like CQuartz last like 1-2 years depending on weather.
Absolutely. I just get a bottle of Cquartz for like $60 every other year or so (I apply sealant on top so it lasts quite a while).
Yeah, at least use blanks.
Aww, no ebook version? I'd love to read this on the plane during long flights but there's no way I'm carrying a 1000+ pg text book.
That makes a lot of sense.
Oh that's great then. Thanks.
Get into macro.
Agreed. I made the same switch and no regrets.
Wow that depreciation.
This is probably a cost issue than a performance issue. We've had hardened (as in used in heavy industry/aerospace/whatever) high performance MCUs and MPUs for years now that could probably do what Mazda needed but they were probably too expensive to put in to a economy car ECU until recently.
No Banu Merchantman on the list. *sigh*
That caveat about not including everything mainly applies to SQ 42 content. &gt;The roadmap is meant to highlight our aims for the remainder of the year on the Persistent Universe. Although technology is shared between the two games, this does not currently reflect the Squadron 42 roadmap. Also: &gt;The roadmap data is pulled directly from the internal project management database. If it's not on their JIRA/PM software, then it's not on the site, meaning whatever is not on the this site is barely getting any attention right now/not in the plans for this year as far as the alpha PU is concerned.
I really hope bind culling makes the alpha PU playable for a good majority of people.
Man, 600hp feels kind of like child's play now days with things like the Demon making 700+ hp and costing well under $120k. Hell tuners have been making 600+ hp for what feels like ages now.
But but but it's an in line 5...
That's pretty nice. Imo they should have just left the F8C as a special SQ 42 ship that people have to earn and not just given away just because you sank a shit ton of money.
Get in line man. -Banu Merchantman owner
Hopefully that'll be the case.
&gt; If it really was 10%, Tesla would be shouting from the roof tops about it. They would probably make it a standard across their entire line up and won't give you any other wheel.
You don't think people will switch over to FPGA/ASIC based solutions at least for the major ones like ETH?
The site still works like shit on the mobile lol.
Hah, the only reason I check it on mobile from time to time is because I have an IFTTT setup to email me new posts on the RSI RSS feed. Other than that, I basically don't even bother doing anything on RSI site on mobile.
He's not wrong. My company does audit work and we've had clients that had no clue what kind of information was being exposed in their logs.
Good. Hopefully it'll mean a better CitCon presentation.
Or CIG's current cash burn rate alarmingly high so they have to maximize revenue as much as they can via ship sales. Remember what happened with the Freelancer budget? /tinfoilhat
I wonder if CIG is going to do a security audit after this incident lol. Not the first security incident they had. Remember the Lando incident? Or the time when someone got access to the CIG's internal wiki/Confluence because they found a plain text password somewhere in the game files?
&gt; don't they have a full time economist? They did. They don't have an economist anymore afaik.
Wax doesn't last that long. What you need is a good sealant or ceramic coating. These offer very good protection especially against UV degradation.
Good plan. Basically what I did as well. PSS for summer and stock P Zeros for winter
Yeah, I'm going to get some gold with the current Amazon bonus offer and then wait until the last moment. Hopefully, there'll be a FXP conversion bonus before that.
As a rule of thumb, I just don't publish family pictures publicly. Saves a lot of headaches. You don't want family to get mad at you because they think a picture that you published makes them look "fat", "boring", *teeth not white enough", etc.
Don't forget the antenna attenuation issue that happened during Job's time!
Lucky. It was almost $400/yr more just for insurance. Do you have full coverage for basically everything?
That article is from 2014. The latest sales figures indicate manuals are still not widely picked essential in the US.
This has adjustable suspension. Assuming Ford didn't make the suspension super stiff at normal settings, it's probably livable enough for short, few hours long drives.
We shall call it, CitizenCoin...
The Bengal carrier and Retribution dreadnought.
&gt; Hell, I am critical of them plenty of times. Your post history states otherwise lol.
And yet, most of the people buying the Porsche/Audi/Ferrari probably won't change their buying decision just because the Camaro is quicker on the track.
Absolutely agree with that. But the thing is that doesn't mean it'll really take away from the competition. Look at the Viper. Probably one of best pure performance cars made but it's dead now.
She should just be a cam model if she really needs money lol.
Fuel economy/emissions. I don't think the tune is CARB compliant.
SQ 42 release.
Yup. He actually talked about this in the new Ask GN episode. Gonna wait for results bef buying it.
Nice. Looks like an Austin Martin pony/muscle car from the front.
Any recommendations for a tablet around the $200-250 price range? Mainly going to be used ford movies and such, so don't need the absolute top specs, just enough to very smooth and has a full HD screen preferably.
He's talking about the front "selfie" camera, not the back main camera.
Keep bombardment, take out arty. Or limit it to 1 or 2 per sector/zone.
See /r/starcitizen_refunds or if you have some rare ships, consider /r/Starcitizen_trades
Yup.
Lexar, Samsung, and SanDisk are all good choices. Just get the premium version (i.e. Sandisk Extreme) over the normal version.
Wait, really? I thought they made it harder with the new updates.
A TON of core game play elements/mechanics aren't even in design yet. Hell, ship armor still isn't fully functional. The single player game, Squadron 42 is still a long way off as well, and this was meant to be the "easy" game to make. The VFX is excellent. But that's useless without a lot of actual game play value.
Well played.
Just some cheap screen protector. If you really want a screen protector, get a tempered glass one specific to your camera.
Right now, I'm using an MC-11 adapter and a Sigma 17-50 f2.8. The auto focus is slow, but manual focus works well enough esp. since the Sony has focus peaking. I still want a native E mount version of this because I want native AF performance.
Hah, how do you think Merchantman owners feel?
Check back in 2025 or so.
&gt; able to release the single player Squadron 42 in 1-2 years or so Lmao. People have been saying this about SQ 42 since 2016. Yet, here we are.
#\#rekt
Does it even have the bands for US carriers?
Blink twice if she's a Russian spy.
No one will probably mentioned it to to his face unless they are at the same level, but people absolutely will talk about it behind his back.
+1 been using them for ages now. No issues.
I've tried them all and I mainly Capture One and DXO Photo Lab (mainly because their PRIME noise reduction is very good). You should absolutely try them all and use what you like.
Get touch up paint from a dealer or online. Get the color code off the car.
How much did you get paid to shill for this guy and Fuji?
Exactly. Hell, start a Kickstarter. He can probably get funding for it considering all the shit people throw money at on KS.
&gt; but the waiting game never works son It's worked well enough for me, kid. &gt; I've been at this way longer than you have Lmao. Ok.
&gt; even though it was mechanically identical to the US model with 320 That dosen't mean it was actually making 320. It could have very well been detuned down to 276.
