He thought she was Arab or Middle Eastern and just wanted to be nice to her. After the fact that he explained it meant something in Arabic, they were still angry and didn't want to hear any of it because they googled it and some ugly result came up. So they assumed that's what he necessarily meant and that he was being racist. Assuming the worst you know.
A Muslim would love to hear that actually, you just happen to be Arab but not Muslim. Who wouldn't love to be greeted by peace?
More real*
US Citizenship is granted after 3 to 5 years depending on the situation. We can't tell if he was born and raised in America.
Cashier mispronounced but he later clarified he thought the woman was Arab.
Arabic is the language, Arab the person.
He saw him coming
Looks like the tree grew in between the rocks
&gt;blonde You're a woman with a beard?
I assure you some of it will fall inside
I don't get it
[Blond vs. Blonde](http://grammarist.com/usage/blond-blonde/)
I think I showed them my bank statements. It was a J1 visa, so I went for an internship that was compensated but still they wanted proof I could support myself should the compensation be lower than the living wage or you get fired or your company gets bankrupt. I don't think I had more than $4K in the bank at the time. Not sure about F1 visas. There is a specialized forum where you can get specific answers on the subject. visajourney.com
He thought she was Arab. Someone said there were quite a lot of Arab and Middle Eastern customers shopping at that location.
"Wide" matrix gap
[sheaply.com](http://www.sheaply.com) - Selling space in your luggage by helping someone ship things overseas faster and cheaper
You can use X-Rays and scan the shipments after they are handed to you. But considering sending documents through FedEx or UPS costs about $100. This can be a good alternative.
Maximize your chances by going to a big metropolitan area. There is a lot of diversity in the DC area/ Northern VA. Weekend Arabic classes exist in almost every masjid. Exclusivity on having other kids Moroccan is not guaranteed. Why do you want the whole class to be Moroccan? If that's not what you meant, there are big chances there will be other Moroccan kids at ANY weekend Arabic class in the US.
Are you a Moroccan or a foreigner? I think you should specify that in the description because the nature of the questions will greatly change.
That depends on where the server is located.
How early?
You can't have the 2 at the same time I guess
As a Muslim, I will continue to be the Muslim that I am before, during and after the existence of ISIS. Growing my beard and trying to look like Moses, Jesus or Muhammad peace be upon them.
I don't get it. You're American but currently live in Morocco? And you want to drop one of the sisters off at her home after inviting them and leaving her with money? I'm a little confused. In any case, Moroccans still expect you to fight over who is going to pay. Not resisting can be seen as rude. One way to assert that you are going to pay is by offering to go out in advance to places they haven't went to or don't know like "bowling". You should have paid since you have initiated the trip. Maybe they wanted to help partially for it. I hope this helps, but I'm sorry if your story is not clear to me.
Did you know you could use it as the metallic clicker inside a homemade hand warmer?
I doubt it's the first guy to graduate. Maybe they made it a tradition to do this for all fresh graduates to kind of encourage the younger generation. Kids would graduate just to be carried on this throne
Not acting or pretending just grabbing part of the "throne".
It is possible but it would require an enormous amount of organization and coordination. I suspect that each and every person owns their apartment there and they have absolutely no community management. Also people can be working different unstable jobs. So the finances to make one big system won't be there at the same time. In the Arab world, satellite TV came like a progressive wave. First it's rich people who had it, then the richest guy on the block, then the less rich and so on and so on until everyone was able to afford a dish eventually. Newly built buildings do have one dish with several LNB heads or one dish per satellite for the entire building. If you had one dish directed to one satellite it's not going to serve 100% of the people at 100% of the time. These dishes have a motor that turns it to the right satellite and different channels are on different satellites.
البلدان العربية = Arab countries Thank me later ;)
Why didn't you call it terrorism when your co-workers were murdered?
Insanely cheap.
I assume those would be Crown Vics
I'm just helping him get smarter on the long run.
What if someone's wife writes the check forges what looks like an identical signature then the guy comes complaining?
But you would have approved a signature that is not genuine.
Agreed. The good thing is that it's never a recording and there is always a person behind it.
It looks more like Chipotle with all the veggies
Can't your brother or his husband give birth though?
I think it's a girly bike. They like it. It fits them well, so be it. Don't put yourself on the bike and see how it's going to look.
What's the price like over there?
those* people. And more like their actions to be specific.
That's not the right way to handle things. A husband would want to hear what is wrong with his wife instead of her telling him just what he liked because eventually the pressure needs to be released and it's not getting released on his side.. That's how infidelity issues start and you can carry over the analogy to many other fields and sectors.
Both are intoxicants and both are haram. There is nothing that harms the body that is halal. Except perhaps excessiveness in a totally subtle halal action.
They are called paws
If you call kissing and hugging on the streets an improvement of moral values...
Bigger breasts means a higher level of fecundity. A man would go after one to get kids, and eventually with kids comes money. A rich man not needing more kids goes after a less fecund woman.
I see it as western foreign policies to dominate and divide and conquer backfiring in an unexpected way.
I heard that complaint is fueled by the Iranian camp and is a little overrated.
I always have the habit of spelling the state regardless of how it's written.
I would think you would give everything to your kids..even if it's inconvenient for you. Or get your kid theirs, because obviously if you're eating in front of your kid they would want some.
I hope you're not serious. Earth is not 2016 years old. Jesus was born 6 BC just so that you know..
Good, you got the morale out of it!
Well, you need to cope with weed severage rather than filling the void with something else. Now, you need to quit drinking.
It's all an illusion, watch out.
How did that affect your relationship with your mom in terms of trusting her again? Did your level of trust in her get lower? Did she take you seriously once you grew older?
I don't have kids, but I have a different relationship with my parents. And if everyone got their treat, no, I wouldn't go after theirs.
It's a calendar that was started at some point in history. Earth is several millions of years old. Are you a teenager or younger?
Yes, it is. I bet you have never read it. It's not some book. It's divine words.
This is an intimate topic we're talking about. Hugging and kissing between opposite genders or some crazy abnormal homosexuals.. so obviously they're referring to some passionate hugging and kissing, duh. I'm done with you.
Does that mean AJ+ will be done?
Amazon has contracts with 1-800-FLOWERS and the order goes in seamlessly to local florists.
The least I can say of the road from Chefchaouen back to Tetoutan is dangerous. (Tetouan-Tangier is fine). Be cautious and use a lot of defensive driving. If you have never driven in Morocco, know that just because someone has a stop sign they will stop and wait for you to pass, if there is space they'll try and fit in before you reach them, causing you to break frequently in these situations. Some cars might force themselves in your way to change lanes or go in another direction (NYC style). Be careful of all these unpredictabilities.
You became gay. FTFY.
I have done A1-R405-A2 back and forth many times when I went to school in Meknes. Straight line. EDIT: The other alternative goes through small towns and villages and is obviously slower. A1 and A2 are highways (toll worth the gas and the money) that's why it's quicker and safer.
You got it.
Probably Trump, no one wins the lottery.
Make that stinky French cheese like Camembert.
The burden of splitting the shares would fallback on the company
They are not heavier than the air around to sink, unless it's an air with different properties or different heavier molecules.
As an Arab keeping eye contact when addressed by parents is important and throughout society as a whole. Being scolded is different.
*feetsies*
It's not the planes that caused the buildings to *entirely* collapse.
[Neurosurgery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ji7fohBEPnM) **WARNING:** NSFL and blood.
True. But if we look around us, isn't it that everything must come to an end? Nothing ever lasts. Plus we have no evidence for reincarnation but we have a lot of evidence for day of judgement.
No, but a lot of other people will be interfering, the quality of the communication will decrease.
Dudes are dancing around chanting Arabic things prophet Muhammad peace be upon him taught people. It's just that it's not how it was intended to be used and therefore is a different thing than what God approves. Plain simple.
Probably her reaction when she saw those kids jumping in the airport..
You mean they will not program them to do 5 over?
Someone molested you at a young age?
Relou
I'm not here to convert, no one can change a person's heart except by God's permission. Just from the few replies I'm getting here I'm getting my answer. Basically people who are curious to find the truth end up Muslim, the rest drift away from Islam and silence those big questions inside them.
Could have made something at home for her :)
Get up early. &gt;"Early to bed early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise" B. Franklin
Next time you go to the lab, don't trust that *OUT OF ORDER* sign. Try to turn some on.
Movie-going done right.
This is already the case in Morocco and for 5 years. This is not even just for startups, any services company.
Thank you for your message and your interaction with me on this subject. &gt;I'd never become a Muslim in this scenario That's exactly how 20 000 Americans revert to Islam post 9/11. Deep down inside each and everyone of us, there's this question about the purpose of life and our existence on earth. Some people choose to figure out the answer, others party every weekend trying to silence the voice inside of them. Many people came to Islam just by praying to Allah and asking Him to guide them, they were not looking for Islam or the Quran, but ended up embracing the religion because they had a great eagerness to find the truth and they eventually did. Good for them. May Allah guide them even further. I personally know many reverts whose parents are not Muslim, whose parents actually hate Islam. &gt;And a bad Muslim will eventually make it to the paradise because of Chafa3a It's not automatic, a Muslim is someone who does the 5 pillars (minus Hajj which depends on circumstances). Technically, if someone prays 5 times a day and builds his life around prayer. His life is shaped by this act of worship and this constant connection with Allah. If you have ever reached khuchu' (concentration) in your salah you'd know what I'm talking about. If not, sorry to tell you that you dropped out before feeling the taste of faith. &gt;That's not the biggest unanswered question, it's one of many. I asked for the biggest, you gave me this really easy question :) &gt;if you are trying to prove something to me Just trying to see what kind of Moroccans are on reddit and why do they brag being ex-Muslims. &gt;Don't be sure of yourself, no one who ever tried to convince me escaped without letting me shaking his beliefs. Just shake it. Islam is my religion and it is the absolute truth and I'm not afraid to defend it and turn over every rock and talk about any subject you'd like to talk about. That's how you figure out the truth from falsehood, getting to the bottom of it and not giving up midway. &gt;So even if Allah shows himself to me in person, I'll refuse to obey. Enough said. &gt;we shouldn't be trying to convert each other I'm calling you to the way of Allah. The right way. If you refuse, so be it. It's your choice. Just warning you of possible consequences on day of judgement. I have no power to convert you or change your heart. Only Allah can change a person's heart. And he will not change your condition until you are willing to change yourself. From deep within yourself. I thank you again for all your answers. And please consider going back to Allah's straight path. He will forgive all your past sins. Do so as long as you're aware of it and as long as you're alive. Deep within yourself you know that you did not leave Islam because Islam didn't make sense, but maybe because you started hanging out with the wrong crowd that influenced you negatively, or perhaps you moved to a western country and could not keep up with practicing your religion, whatever it is, you know the answer. Thank you.
Is that one of those Facebook clone scripts? :)
Second time I see this today. At least this time it's not upside down.
Your choice. Your consequences. Just don't turn your back to the truth. Be open.
The exhaust needs a little tuning..
Copper is toxic. Silver makes you look pretentious.
Yeah, I'm good with this sub. And you don't technically count since you don't live in Morocco and are thinking about getting rid of your citizenship.
I replaced the 4S back cover and it didn't come with a logo. One with a logo (took off from genuine iPhones) only costs about $3 on eBay but that would make my iPhone pretty usual. I'm keeping it like this.
Looks like Canada..
What are the chances of that living outside the warmth of a body for long periods of time?
Orange is a telecom company in Europe
It's probably more than an absolute 0. It just didn't make it through marking the cooking as DONE in its memory and the rest of the processes that go with it. On another note, I dislike it when people leave any amount because the next person will have to clear things up before setting the timer again. A waste of time.
That scale is absolute. Obviously at 0 Kelvin were nothing moves it would be the same on Rankin's scale. Neither of those can be negative by the way.
How is that different in terms of performance?
It's pretty common in many places. I have seen in many 3rd world countries.
May I ask why HERE maps in particular? Many have the offline maps feature.
Definitely something to have in other places. Nice inititative.
He's abusing her trust.
Why? What's the difference?
1. What makes you think all Muslims are Muslims because of their parents? I can guarantee to you than the more you doubt religion and research it the better and stronger you get at it. 2. Flaws in the Arab or Muslim world do not equate to flaws in Islam as a religion. The religion is perfect. And I certainly find more people that are willing to bash the bureaucracy of my country than praising it. 3. A revert is no different than a non revert. Except perhaps that the revert learns Arabic to be able to learn more about the religion in its authentic language. Other than that, they are no angels and go through the same struggles someone who was born a Muslim faces.
4. Adopting does not last and never works. Someone adopting the religion just because of some pressure from parents or society will not last. He will not make 5 prayers and give up before the azan for Isha hits. He will not grow his beard and will not put more modest clothes for females. Blind adopters can't pray. It must be genuine.
&gt;You don't have to do much when you're born into a religion. It is no different or more challenging than for a Muslim. The trade-off is balanced. Why don't you visit the local mosque and get to know some reverts? I bet you have never been to a mosque.
My fiancee of 4 years was a convert and I know many other converts. Truth is you can't convert or deconvert people at wish no matter how hard you try, it's in God's hands.
You can be a mean to their conversion. It's easier to be a mean when one's heart is really good and one's faith is really strong and we have been on the straight path for a while. It takes a huge amount of altruism for it to work, and of course it's in the hands of Allah no matter what. We can also pray for you behind your back so that God changes your heart. It's a way to be grateful to Allah that he showed me the truth to actually go ahead and make daawa.
Fiancée
Don't you need God for shelter? For food? For guidance and for knowledge? For the water you drink? And the fire you kindle, who is creating the tree from which that fire stems? If humanity in its entirety disbelieves that will not decrease one bit of God's dominion and if humanity in its entirety believes that will not add one bit to God's dominion. So he definitely does not need anybody. Prophets and messengers have played a great role in transmitting the message but God decided that he wants to do it that way. If they did not exist things would have been different. But that's what it is for now.
But you get to decide about where that small portion will be going and how. It's definitely your money even though you're paying the same amount either way.
I'm not confusing the 2. I like to call the money that the credit card company lends me at an extra charge whether that's going to be from my bill or the merchant's bill as interest. Because from the credit card's companies perspective they lend $100 and end up getting $100 + 3%. That's the usury right there. I did not know about the flat fee and the percentage. And if those examples you put there are accurate that is one more reason for me to pay with debit and avoid credit. Thank you very much.
Thanks for clarifying things further.
Not OP but wash twice a year it said.
That's where multi-profile is needed.
How come the water is heated that fast? Gas?
Got something like that from ebay for $5. Had to wait for it to be shipped from China though.
How were toys made before 3D printing? Molds? How is my router's case made for instance?
I have the same. Thinking of switching to electricity to avoid changing that propane/butane tank.
I went to school in Morocco all my life, we never had this. Meanwhile, some western women are very conservative but some others are way more "kinky" than the most kinkiest of Arab women.
That's the way it is. It is not my logic. But this is how the religion of Islam is. It is earned and not labeled upon ourselves. It depends on where you have been, whom you have been with and the environment thay you have visited that led you to believe that. As far as I'm concerned the majority of the people in my circle of friends, family, co-workers and neighbours maintained their 5 daily prayers. The mosques are packed 5 times a day. I guess it's a matter of perspective.
Yes, it makes no difference. Interest is someone else's money thay we took with no effort at all. Investing in a business where it can go up or down is on the contrary ethically lawful.
They simply should get the same flat fee as if they were processing a debit. They get a percentage on credit transactions just because it's credit.
In what way is it different for a bank to process a credit and a debit card for the same customer?
I think interest is immoral and unlawful, that's why I'm against it. So you talked about PIN debit and signature debit but not about credit? I'm starting to suspect you are a credit card lobbyist of some sort ;)
Charging for services is not immoral. And paying the electric bill is a duty. But lending money at interest, that's not okay.
..which the merchant pays from his pockets.
They take their cut from the processing fee they charge the merchants. They are still making money off of you.
Yes, it would definitely look more respectable. On another note, if you're older than 45-50 and happen to travel with an all female group there is no one who will ever think of bothering you.
Give me the biggest one on your list. I think it will change something because I'll be able to clear up things for you. If you want to..
Pregnant women are respected in society. They would let you pass first in the souk in narrow alleys and carry things for you if you're going to some riad or hostel and they would let you sit in public transportation. I guess this is how our society views pregnant women, that they are going through some difficult and painful times and they need help :)
Listen, if you don't believe that I'm trying to help you in good faith, we're not going anywhere. 1. What about evolution? What have you seen? It's a theory that's been discredited a long time ago. 2. This is life. Good people are rewarded and bad people who do bad things are punished. Both here and in the hereafter. I'm not sure what you mean by "why people are suffering?", because people hurt them. 3. No one is adding anything to Islam. It's been the same Islam ever since Adam was created. Monotheism is what Islam is. The jurisprudence was changed by God a few times by God through prophets such as Moses, Jesus and Muhammad peace be upon them. Where do you see people renewing religion? Monotheism is what will get you to paradise and it's still the same until day of judgement.
Has nothing to do with wikipedia, it's a separate travel wiki site that is not part of the wikimedia foundation.
Funny how they use the Moroccan phone country code, Moroccan electrical network's specifications, Moroccan population and admit it's largely managed and maintained and taken care of as an area by Moroccans but call it "occupied". The separatists have a lot of people, mostly living abroad, that do nothing but edit pages on wikipedia and other sites like this one to promote their separatist agenda.
Which ones in particular?
You get a refund if you don't receive the item or if it was damaged during transport. You can't just claim a refund.
Seller should pay for shipping fees if they said shipping was free or if you got charged for it at checkout.
I thought you moved to Morocco.. ;)
I would second the fact that the housing market is in a bubble in Morocco. The prices are in no way cheap.
The north are better prepared to these things.
I received a note saying I had something to pick up. I always had to go pick it up from the post office. Anything below 500 dirhams you do not have to pay any fees. Also, if your friends/family send you something during the holidays (Eid Al Fitr, Eid Al Adha..etc) you do not pay any customs even if the item exceeds 500 dirhams in value.
At what time does he get fired? haha. Thanks for the clip.
"No need to bring your child" is a closer translation in English I guess. Even though, no need may sound like an optional thing, in English this is considered as a requirement not to bring your child.
I bought stuff from aliexpress and the cheapest option always had some tracking provided. I just put the thing on 17track.net and it tells me where it is. And yes, I got the notice with the cheapest shipping option on Aliexpress. Never bought things from Chinese sellers on eBay and having them delivered to Morocco, it takes 2-3 weeks for the items to arrive to the US, sometimes more.
Yeah definitely. Had 100% of my items delivered on about 25+ orders or so. EDIT: Sorry just saw your answer about eBay above.
1. [There](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXRLnmC95pU). And this is only one of the many scientists who find no basis in the theory of evolution. 2. I'm not sure what are you trying to say there. He is not ignoring people. Just the fact that they were conceived in their mothers wombs is a great gift and blessing from Allah. Moreover, you are not being punished directly by your sins in this worldly life, is because Allah is giving you more time to repent and turn to him. Because on day of judgement there will be no coming back. Not for me, not for you and not for anybody else. 3. Give me proof that the religion has been changed. The 5 pillars are still the 5 pillars. The shahadah is still the shahadah. And that's what makes the difference with all other religions, monotheism.
True. We need to start making our stuff though ;)
Isn't it that all Israelis have to go through the military at some point?
Maybe 20% (TVA) of the item's value. Check this [link](http://www.service-public.ma/web/guest/home?p_p_id=mmspservicepublicdiffusion_WAR_mmspservicepublicdiffusionportlet&amp;p_p_lifecycle=0&amp;p_p_state=normal&amp;p_p_mode=view&amp;p_p_col_id=column-1&amp;p_p_col_count=1&amp;_mmspservicepublicdiffusion_WAR_mmspservicepublicdiffusionportlet__spage=%2Fportlet_action%2Fprocedure%2Fprocedure%2Fview%3FrubriqueSelected.idRubrique%3D12078%26procedureSelected.idProcedure%3D3441&amp;_mmspservicepublicdiffusion_WAR_mmspservicepublicdiffusionportlet_rubriqueSelected.idRubrique=12078&amp;_mmspservicepublicdiffusion_WAR_mmspservicepublicdiffusionportlet_procedureSelected.idProcedure=3441)
When does it start getting serious? PhD?
It's actually ignorance that causes these kind of things. There's nothing in Islam that justifies killing one's self.
Did he unfreeze it in the microwave?
Well, he was an ignorant. He thought he knew what he was doing with his small circle of friends who understood Islam better than the remaining a billion and a half other Muslims.
Funny how centipedes have barely 20 legs and not 100. Milipedes have a little more but still less than 100, yet they are called "1000 legs". I know in Arabic the word 44 is mentioned in the millipedes name.
When someone is sleepy and has cruise control on it just contributes to the highway hypnosis. Pushing and releasing your gas pedal regularly will help you stay awake for a while more but if you are sleepy for God's sake, pull over and get some rest.
Sounds like what my ex fiancée used to do. Bullying. Even though I told her not to do certain things she'd still repeat them and think they are fun.
I know in some states bus drivers can fill up complaints that the courts take for granted to issue fines without actually going through an investigation.
Good point!
An old Italian man said he treated every driver on the road as being crazy. Dude was something like 90 and was being interviewed on a newspaper. No accident in his record.
Where are you from?
Might be a good idea to shovel this evening shortly after sunset. Leaving snow overnight in freezing temperatures may make the snow rock-hard next morning. Source: I lived in the north.
2016 is one by the way
ABC's reporter is translating on behalf of her. No need to call anyone a liar.
Isn't the reporter there?
What makes you think so?
Nice!
That's a red flag..
A PhD of Islamic Studies is the most lame thing I have ever heard. Renowned colleges like Al-Azhar in Egypt and others in Makkah and Madinah (Saudi Arabia) is how you tell someone is knowledgeable about the religion. Baghdadi works for foreign intelligence services, there is proof that they received training and money from the CIA. They have nothing to do with Islam.
The sayings of the prophet matter as well. Did you come across something that said "Whoever wrongs a Christian or a Jew will have a big problem with me on day of judgement"? Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him said that. What's the most disturbing thing that you found in the Quran? Just one thing.
Usually when family is involved there is little to no security risk involved. If she's really young and they are thinking about future marriage plans, she better come with her parents.
But you have the data in a database, in other words you can tell how many people overstayed last year for instance just from european databases. Right? The IS does not store that data.
It's bad if the snow hardens overnight, especially in freezing temperatures (&lt;32F). I have hit rock hard snow with spades before (blade upwards) and all it did was resonate like you're hitting a rock.
The doors look very military-like, you're right it's the H1.
I'm from Tangier. Friends and family have had that for all their packages. They check if it's legal/illegal. Some things need permits to import like Gold, some things cannot be imported like drugs (unless you're some research lab and have the proper permits), medicines are also controlled and have specific channels by which they are imported, food is also not allowed and needs to go through channels other than post mail. Freight coming by sea usually has state officials and doctors checking all the food, medicines..etc coming into the country. They check for these kind of things.
What are the "2-hr appointment windows"? Do you set up an appointment, say for when you're having a videoconference and they keep the connection going for you at reasonable speeds?
But it's not God who excommunicated him.. it's the priest.
What's the deal? He's with his son. He might have repented from his child molesting crimes.
&gt; **it** was hungry &gt;**it's** head into the wall above **its** crib Sure you're talking about a baby?
Oh okay. English is my 3rd language, but that's no excuse to not get things right. Thanks.
The priest is just another human being really.
That's how a Trojan works. Client/Server connection.
She got you doing what you're supposed to do.
Wow. Computer Programmer here. Never thought there's such a big demand on software like this. I would gladly sell it at $100 for any number of computers.
Please stay for some more..
Telling myself that I've learned enough is how I'll stop progressing ;)
Why do you call him such?
Are you saying that there's something wrong with a man marrying a woman? Then maybe you have a distorted view of what marriage is. Are you opposing it because of the age difference? Why does it matter?
Thanks for sharing your story with us!
Actually, every year they recruited more people than they needed and the rest were kept for the following year and this caused a huge backlog. Now, they wanted the best of them to get hired, the rest can try again the following year or work in the private sector.
There is a good number of Moroccans on visajourney.com I think last year alone around 70 people filed for a Moroccan spouse/fiance(é) and they all had their stories of meeting their potential spouses in Morocco and how it went. There is [Amanda](http://marocmama.com). I don't know her story but her husband and her lived in the US for 10 years and had 2 kids and a few years ago made the move to Morocco. I think Amanda met MarocBaba (nickname) when she came visiting to Morocco. I think her parents opposed it but she traveled to him anyway. And it's a good success story unlike visajourney where people are getting to know each other and never lived under the same roof or in their 1st year..etc I know someone (through vj.com) from a Souss village who met an American girl who was visiting as a tourist. He now lives in California with her parents filing for his Green Card after they got married. And of course, a ton of sad endings as well. People with good faith will go all the way, and others will scam you and waste your time. And believe me, it goes both ways. Some Americans will waste your time and some Moroccans will waste your time and in the meantime some Moroccans will make every effort worth it and some Americans will make every effort worth it. Don't be too doubtful but keep an eye on any possible red flags. As long as you're not married, anything can happen.
It's not Moroccan law that forbids Moroccans from traveling to the US, it's the visa the US requires. And to get a visa one must have strong ties to his country like money in the bank, property or a stable job. Sometimes all of them combined might be necessary to show the consular officer your good faith. With that being said, I have been through a painful relationship online and it is very different from real life especially when the 2 are from different cultures and different backgrounds. It's not love, it's lust. Love is when your wife is sick and needs someone to walk her to the toilet and help her vomit because she was food poisoned. That's love. Marry the man who walks you to the bathroom (lookup a Washington Post article by the same name)
Are you Moroccan? I'm just talking about the Moroccan hospitality in general.
Good job!
Thank you, buddy!
Prankster is the word I think.
Smoking in Chefchaouen is one thing. Taking stuff with you south is another. You can easily be in big trouble if you are traveling by car and your car gets searched in a routine traffic stop. Also the THC that is in a plant is not the same that you would get from hash. So make sure you don't get too much THC. Are you sure you need it for your medication and not just recreational use and you're some kind of addict? :) Show us your medical card with name and picture blurred so we know it's real.
[This also would be helpful](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIhxC0ycurA) if you're still checking your throwaway.
I heard someone say they asked for some hefty fees and he just asked them to return the package. Amazon refunded him.
You're getting downvoted but something similar to OP happened to me. Mom didn't like fiancee. Fiancee after 3-4 years was still not ready to go forward towards marriage and before I knew it I found out she talked to other people and was thinking about taking me or this other person. You have no idea what we went through and she was still able to compare me with people she just met 2 months ago. Needless to say after 4 years of first showing her to my mom, I talked to my mom and told her that she was right all along.
OP, I had something very similar happen to me. Turns out fiancee was talking to other dudes online that she considered potentials but still would never let go of me. Eventually I found out and I left and I went to my mom and told her she was right all along. Major red flag OP. Your girl wasn't shocked when your mom asked her. She was laughing because your mom was the only one who unveiled her secret. Her laugh is a duping delight. I say walk away and forget about her. Talk to your mom. If not, you'll figure things out hopefully not too late.
I used to write several Ls when I was younger. Like all one above the other.
Dealt with them before and they sure are. They have recruiters that send your resume to their clients.
That doesn't mean there haven't been mother giving birth below the age of 18 in many of those countries. It's just that other datapoints are jacking up the average
Average Kiwi
Anyone knows if it's just a cosmetic ear that will be installed on a human later on that will be living and growing with that human, OR it's a fully functional ear that eventually can be hooked up to your brain and can restore hearing for people who got into accidents and lost a significant part of their hearing system?
/u/ventdivin
He didn't post or comment anything since his first posts 9 years ago until today. He must have some throwaways he uses regularly ;)
Body metabolizes it as a toxin and tries to get rid of it as soon as it gets in to get it out. That's why drunk people smell alcohol coming from their sweat.
Driver could have been stuck in traffic from the trip back.
I doubt he's American for using postbox instead of mailbox. But in any event refusing delivery is a thing in the US.
Illinois?
Never thought of it actually. I have a feeling something in what you said may come soon as a patent for some future stuff
I don't understand. Did he arrive in the hotel in Marrakech or not? The poor French is so misleading. If he's trekking in the Sahara or Atlas Mountains, how do they expect him to contact them? EDIT: [This post](https://www.facebook.com/avonandsomersetpolice/photos/a.66888374811.67440.7792979811/10154220855569812/?type=3) sheds some more light.
You seriously think it's those planes that made the towers collapse?
Not OP. But, why are they being destructive? What's the purpose? I have witnessed these cases before.
Indeed.
The kind in Burma was extremely religiously intolerant. There were reports of babies being chopped in front of their parents, people lynched on the streets and then burned. Some people had to run to neighbouring Bangladesh.
Many people saw 2 or 3 white men. No one saw a bearded middle eastern dude that needs glasses to see and his wife that dresses in modest religious clothes.
Hey, it's /u/logicblocks. You are not answering your private messages nor email. You should be paying your first installment today 1/6. Let me know what's going on. Thanks!
Today is a week after I lent $170 to OP. He should be paying his first installment today but he's currently not answering his messages or email.
$paid /u/K1ngN0thing $15
!RemindMe 1 week
Could earthquakes be predicted yet?
I would come late and leave later.
If he cashed the check with the name of Al Lopez then that's the name. Since his last name is hispanic I would think his first name would be short for Alejandro or Alfredo.. Etc I doubt he had moved away from Madison, WI.
What OP described as "demons" are possibly angels of torture which are tasked of torturing people AND demons.
I don't see her "killing" the fish..
I have visited Germany and seen enough police action to say what I said. I have seen police in Germany go through a train's car carelessly checking everyone, then they came back for specific people to check them. They pretend to be careless while actively doing their job. Police in the US have a more direct and confrontational way of engaging people. If they come to you, they come to you. If they don't, they don't. I have also watched something about ticket control on the Berlin subway. The controllers not only dress in plain clothes but the company is hiring unsuspected employees (old man with a cane, young teenager..etc).
He's probably got a body being dragged there..
There you go! EDIT: There's [this](http://www.spokeo.com/Al-Lopez/Wisconsin/Madison) too.
He took pride in being a Muslim and defended his religion. May he be forgiven.
You're worried about me? I'm a Muslim that you may define as a white Muslim. But we're all Muslims. Islam is the common denominator.
Depending if you perform the taraweeh right after ;)
Looks good so far. What market are you targeting, France?
As a programmer I'm highly opposed to some kind of video games that are just a complete waste of time. I'd rather have the fruit of my work benefit mankind during my life and after my death. But my best friend, who's also a programmer, is fond of game programming.. I'm going to show him your story, he's gonna love it. Haha. On another note, alhamdu lillah brother. The path differs but eventually Allah leads his servants to the one and only truth there is.
That's amazing. Unfortunately, yes, a big majority of masjids around the globe in the west will be following Saudi Arabia.
Awesome! Do you mind me asking if you're in the US? Does your masjid follow local moonsighting or is it just you personally? Thanks!
Well, if Ramadan is tomorrow, the taraweeh are tonight and the iftaar would be the next day around sunset. How about gather a small group of people shortly before sunset and observing the crescent? Then writing down names and signatures of at least 12 people and updating the website. They'll update the website anyway.. Today being a Sunday, a lot of masjids are packed with families, boy scouts and what not. But even on a weekday this could be done I think. A lot of people will gravitate towards the masjid tonight just to get the news. I think it can be done, people just never have done it before..
This is moonsighting done right. Alhamdu lillah for that.
They should have bought them anyway. It doesn't make sense brother. You could even fast on Tuesday if the local moonsighting deemed it appropriate.
I can see the fitna that can cause as you can't do it alone by yourself. The people managing the masjids are not always the best positioned to manage the masjid.
Thank you for your kind advice brother. I live in a Muslim country but I have witnessed the separation caused by this while visiting several western countries. It's safe to say that some people are really not the best positioned to manage a masjid. I have witnessed some crazy things. Don't get me started on that. Management would not listen however you tackle it because they feel like they own the masjid. A lot of people are differing on when to fast, whether it's following Saudi Arabia or doing calculations. But I urge all people managing masjids to go out and witness the presence or the absence of the moon and giving an announcement afterwards like the brothers mentioned. It makes absolutely no sense to just follow Saudi Arabia.
Can't DRM be removed?
Why English? Why not French?
Definitely better, as more and more people have access to education. More and more people are traveling to better off countries and seeing how other people are doing it. More and more people watching satellite television and seeing how things could be greatly better off. Better.
Is the UK establishment pro-brexit or not?
Like I mentioned in my latest PM. People usually upload them privately on imgur and provide me with the link. I have also provided an email for your convenience. Thanks!
$loan $40
!RemindMe 6/10
Paypaled. Reply to LoansBot with a comment containing the confirm command. Thanks!
Just copy paste the proper command from LoansBot as this is still not registered properly. The "loaned" part should be omitted. Feel free to send someone a pizza but don't mention me or my name. Do it out of your own will :)
None of your questions seem permissible for a SS to answer. I may be wrong.
msway is a verb there. "I am making.."
About an hour should be enough.
We were not created except to worship Allah. And worship is through different ways. There is the mandatory salah and them every good action you do in the sake of Allah is a form of worship. Working is a form of worship, feeding your kids is a form of worship, removing an obstacle from the sidewalk or the road is a form of worship. Taking care of your wife and children is a form of worship. Getting intimate with your wife is a form of worship since you're doing it in the halal as opposed to the haram. It's my duty to pass the message of God and his messenger to the non Muslims I come across in my life. It is not my duty to convert them or change their heart. Only God can change their hearts. Allah says in the Quran : "You do not guide whom you love, but Allah guides whom he wants".
Would be great for both countries.
Is it a jet though?
Better yet make those volunteers dressing up in HV jackets. And have those volunteers rotate every 3 days. Also, Allah does not change the condition of a people until they change what's within themselves.
Boyfriend? I see 2 males in the picture.
Seats are usually pre-assigned on CTM.
Depends. Not all buses have assigned seats but when they are, the people and the company tend to follow them. CTM is an exception. Most other bus companies don't issue numbers on the tickets.
For writing, do more reading and memorize the patterns and expressions. As well as more writing that's proofread by others. For speaking (reading), try and listen more. Try and read and mimick what you hear until it flows effortlessly.
Do you have an iPhone? The weather app has sunset times for the day. If not a lot of other apps could give you accurate sunset times. May Allah accept our fast and yours.
What did your ex's dad work?
Everything needs a leader. From a ship to a country.
More like CIA Biowarfare Specialist.
PMed. Interest-free.
PMed. Interest free.
Random Arabic characters in a spooky font.
I can only imagine the mess that's gonna make when the paper starts decomposing.
Was that a Maryland plate?
Louis is a French name that's pronounced with the s omitted. Loo-wee.
I'm from Tangier but lived in Meknes for a year while attending Moulay Ismail University :)
$loan $60
That's some serious spoofing!
[moroccojob](https://fb.com/moroccojob)?
How did you know he was Jewish?
What region is this that has cheap fish?
I wonder what made them do that.
&gt; The Islam makes no mention of homosexuality. Seriously brother, before you come out making such statements educate yourself.
I was surprised no one mentioned it.
I mean I understand if you say that the company is shrinking. But games being digital goods are sold globally. In fact, Ubisoft Morocco was helping in the development of some projects as well as working on others like "Rayman" [spelling?]. It doesn't matter what Moroccans buy, the game could be made in Morocco and sold in other markets. Which what they did really. They are settled here because of cheap labor primarily. I really would love to hear more about what made them take this decision.
Someone called me the other day on Facebook and it worked without me enabling my VPN. I recommend Opera VPN on iOS which is absolutely free and has no ads. Other than that I run my own VPN service and can sell you a subscription for a month for as little as $4 a month. Hit me up if you're interested.
Are you serious? How come? :)
Tourists don't need a Moroccan airline to get here. There are already many other foreign airlines bringing tourists from all over the globe. It doesn't have to be reliable. This is a free market. Whoever has the most reliable and well-priced fares will get the most travelers. I flew on RAM a few times and although I hear a ton of negative stories my trips went by just fine. It is not top-notch but it's reliable.
How did you handle the electronics part? Arduino?
Ssh to the server and sed the mailing lists to replace all pipes with commas in your 2 files, then cat them into one file and use the split command to make files of 200k lines each.
It's not true. They are not banned on any ISP currently.
Per /u/mmmmaaarrk's permission I'll be using this thread to track the progress of the payback. Thank you!
قال رسول الله صلى الله عليه وسلم: "تسحروا فإن في السحور بركة"
Well, it just said something like "Watch what's gonna happen in Florida next week" and I was pointing to the week of these Invictus Games. It wasn't that week. It was a month later.
SWAT team shot them? Interesting.
I wonder why they say there's gonna be a drill the same day. Perhaps an escape route should things go unplanned. Boston Marathon had a drill scheduled the same day and I'm pretty sure others too.
Coming up with more names soon :*
I don't think PJD would be against anything else but recreational use.
Preventing people from seeing that the dead and injured are way less than the number advertised?
[One of many attacks against homosexuals in Israel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_Tel_Aviv_gay_centre_shooting)
Take my upvote. Israel is a zionist apartheid state.
Neither the SUV nor the white car signaled before changing lanes. This is how you do it guys: 1) Look if it's clear to change lanes and that it's safe to do so. 2) Signal but don't move yet for 3 seconds more. 3) If you hear no honking and still see that the way is clear. Proceed safely.
Should be no problem programming the key yourself. I have done it for a generic GM remote before, instructions should be available for a key as well.
Not the same. That would be "Oh God" or "Oh my God".
I have never seen such an intrusive watermark my entire life.
They think all cop videos are police-brutality.
Thank you. Non-native English speaker here.
That's a nice fridge they got on the front!
Interesting. I didn't know about the whole concept. Thanks for sharing! &gt; Lordosis in a sexual context is the naturally occurring position for sexual receptivity in non-primate mammalian females. The lordosis position is facilitated by the appropriate sensory input, such as touch or smell. For example, in female hamsters, when they are in the correct hormonal state there are areas on the flank that, when touched by the male, facilitate lordosis. Source: [Lordosis on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lordosis#Mating_position)
[Check this](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/4nyjb8/how_to_make_a_pigs_tail_straight/d48ejyn)
[Also, check this](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/4nyjb8/how_to_make_a_pigs_tail_straight/d48ejyn)
[More info](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/4nyjb8/how_to_make_a_pigs_tail_straight/d48ejyn)
&gt;Don't sell what you don't own. Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Doing some researches perhaps this is already available. There are some videos on youtube for XBMC/Kodi TTS addons.
You could sell them and pay for your burrito.
Only instead of spider it was a moth.
Swimming, shooting and horse-riding aka. driving.
PMed. As always, interest-free.
It probably can be used in some sleeping apps.
North African here. It's the same. And I know other cultures that use it too.
Thank you very much. I hope technology can impove your life a little bit at a reasonable price in a near future.
Well, let me tell you something, the US and the western block, along with the Arab gulf countries are the ones financing ISIS for political and financial reasons.
There were accounts of Saudi Arabia channeling weapons from America to them through Turkey. The shells had to be returned to the US the same way to avoid being traced.
I did sign up for it a few weeks ago but it had a huge number of helpers, help requests didn't come for months. Thanks :)
Well if you want to be a little more accurate, yes. Leader is a mossad agent actually.
Shareholders need more profits, also.
Interesting project. I'm intrigued as to how to power the unit. How to safely get 2 or 3A from the car's battery?
$paid /u/K1ngN0thing $15
Another restaurant?
I don't know about the tomb of Muhammad peace be upon him. But most of those places are shirk magnets. The prophet himself has ordered to flatten tombs and his is flattened and you have so-called saints with big built places where people come to worship them. You know just like the shiaa worship the imams inside one of those.
Well, shirk is the worst sin ever. And they're not really archeological. Most are less than 100 years old. Very recent.
I remember asp.net had built-in stuff to counter this.
&gt; Also, I'd recommend visiting Imesouane, near Essaouira, and Oued Laou, near Chefchaouen. Seconded. Also you may give Tetouan a try if you don't want to spend too much time in Chefchaouen.
Definitely, I was expecting this to come with a recording. I think OP is just linking events with his paranoia. He also says he has no friends he could trust, but in the meantime he says someone translated the Spanish recordings for him.
50kW sounds like it could reach the entire globe, is that right?
&gt; It's all about the money Interesting.
Searching online, they don't seem to be any cheaper from a Cessna, and the price range you've mentioned applies for aircrafts from the 40s.
Look at the light bars.
Should be no problem hosting on the same server. I had configured a backup system for a samba folder based on Mercurial (Hg) and it's still working fine 5 years later.
You need at least 4GB of RAM to have a respectable one.
Sure, systems are being modernized lately in courts. So yeah, head on to [mahakim.ma](http://www.mahakim.ma/) to search for cases all over Morocco. I think it's only in Arabic for now. Hiring a private investigator would definitely help.
He says he's 14.
Do you have any other skills? If you really speak those languages, try and find some data entry positions for those languages on online freelancing platforms such as upwork.com. Being very young, I suggest you invest yourself in learning something that you love. Perhaps spend more time working on computers, electronics or anything else really that you love. In a few years those skills will be great assets for you. Good luck.
PMed. You can return just 22€.
That can't be. Sharia law is how we roll. Divine laws are more just than man-made ones.
That's cool. Try and learn PHP with a MySQL database. Then try to learn a framework like laravel or codeigniter (they are all the same, you just need to understand the concept). When you learn those you would be able to work on professional projects with great ease.
You forgot Northern Virginia
Is there anything the Jews didn't do?
Change the rules
He's just looking to occupy himself (think lawnmowing, buying groceries for neighbours..etc).
You look just like a friend of mine who reverted to Islam, he's got Jewish ancestry too.
Just do what Islam says, it doesn't matter what the Moroccan law says. Divine law is perfect, manmade law is unjust and flawed.
You live in a foreign country that's not following Islamic law, why are you attacking Islamic laws? It doesn't pertain to you.
Have any links or texts of law to share?
I know many tinkering/diy/makershops that have them in Morocco. No special restrictions AFAIK.
I managed to match the letters on Google Translate and the 1st line probably says: בלי שולחן פצלי םוג אי / Without shale Table Type of failure But I'm not sure exactly of the meaning. The last line is probably an address with the first part saying: רח / Street And another part of it saying: Tel / טל
We Moroccans don't give rights to minorities? Really?
Awesome, thank you very much. Does it mention the merchant's city? I'm a little curious as to where this came from.
Awesome, thank you very much. Does it mention the merchant's city? I'm a little curious as to where this came from.
When found guilty and proven, yes.
It means "roses". وَرْدَةٌ is singular and means "rose". Nothing to do with existence وُجُودْ
Weed in, weed out.
True, lacks proper QA.
I don't need to be paid to stand for what is right. But I don't get paid actually. When the money gets involved, the hearts become corrupt. Nice joke, I like it :)
How so? Explain.
I haven't seen that happen much. But I don't think much of it. As a Muslim I deserve respect for what I am, I don't need anyone's pity.
There are quite a few authentic hadiths on the matter. If that's not enough for you, check the Quran and you'll see how the people of Lut got punished for homosexuality. When you check the bible and the torah (not authentic books, but they hold partial truth) and you see that the punishment for homosexuality is once again death/stoning. Then, this can't be a coincidence.
&gt; Why do you care what people do in their homes? Where did I mention that? If they sin secretly, fine. They can repent and stop what they did and God will forgive their sins and turn their bad deeds into good deeds. But, if they're being vocal about their sins or promoting that sin (like what you're doing right now) and it was proven that they were found guilty of practicing sodomy. Then yes, the case should go through the judicial system and proper punishment should be applied. Unfortunately, our judicial system is not 100% sharia compliant. We hope that will change in the near future. &gt; Islam also teaches you that Allah created everyone in his own way. Therefor you can interpret it in anyway. You just decide to interpret it in a discriminatory and hateful fashion. I don't get what you're trying to say here. Care to elaborate some more?
&gt; More than half of the developed world with markets far superior to ours accept and tolerate Homosexuality Source? Most people I know are against it, they just can't say anything about it in public because of the social stigma the media has linked to that. None of the politicians in the US were supporting it, until about 4 years ago and it all shifted, including a shift in the way the media delivers news about homosexuality. There's a hidden conspiracy and agenda to homosexualize America and the world. &gt; So if these global powers can manage it , why do we have to be the ones stuck in this backwards way of living? They're struggling with it. It's tearing them apart. And just watch how their societies will be destroyed just like Lut's people were destroyed. You can be technologically and scientifically advanced without walking out naked in the streets and legitimizing things like incest and homosexuality. You've got the perspective wrong. It's the people and the nations who are supporting homosexuality who are in the wrong. They are the backward ones. It's not something new, it's not something cool, people have done it before them and they were destroyed. God annihilated them from the face of the earth because of that terrible and repugnant sin. Seriously, you're sitting there defending that a man's penis should go into another man's anus? For lack of better words, this is exactly what you're sitting there telling me we should accept. I am Muslim, I have a religion that I follow. God told me how things should be done on this earth. That's the end of it. &gt; You want capital punishment for the LGBT and secular communities when expressing their thoughts and beliefs. This is barbaric, violent, uncivilised and should not exist in the 21st century. Yeah, let's legalize incest, murder and cannibalism just to make it fit with the 21st and 22nd century and the centuries ahead. That's the way forward. NOT. &gt; Sharia law will bring us back to the middle-ages where stoning for adultery is the norm. Tell me, you want your dad to sleep with other women than your mom? You want your mom to go to the neighbour next door and sleep with him on weekends? You want your married sister to sleep with your best friend and you want her husband to sleep with your wife? Is that what you want? If you're not disgusted, your heart is dead. &gt; Where even the theory of evolution is abolished and scientific books burnt. Islam promotes knowledge and science. Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him said "Seek knowledge from the cradle to the tomb". And he also said, "Seek knowledge even in China". Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him advocates seeking knowledge and scientific research. Evolution is baseless, darwin himself wasn't convinced of it. There's no proof to back it and yet countless numbers of proofs backing creationism. Sharia does not promote the burning of books, you need to check your facts and possibly get your head checked. &gt; Sharia would destroy our countries economy, society and freedom. Ironically, when Muslims were following God's rules, we were the mightiest and the most powerful economically and socially on this earth. Now that we let our religion down, we're losing. Pride is for Allah and Allah alone. If you want some pride, hold on to Allah's religion and follow his guidelines. No one will respect you in the west if you come out and say "Oh, I'm an ex-Muslim" or if you go ahead and say "Oh by the way, I come from Morocco but I'm not Muslim, I don't believe in those crazy stories", "I'm Arab, my parents are Muslim but I'm atheist, we're in the 21st century, right? Computers and stuff". They will think less of you, they might approve of you publicly but between them they'll ridicule you, they will make a joke out of you. They'll think of you as a self-hating traitor. I think you're probably still young and have not seen the reality of this life. Travel a bit, see some other cultures and read some books.
The moment I noticed the bismi at the bottom, I knew right away what it was and I didn't bother to read the rest. It's very rare that I would come across something unseen or unheard of and spend a lot of time deciphering the phrase. If this same calligraphy had other words that Bismi Allahi Ar-rahmani Ar-raheem, it would probably take me a minute or 2 trying to figure out which is what. As well as the proper order of the words.
It's not how I feel about it. It's what religion says. There are differences of opinion among Islamic scholars about whether, when and how apostasy in Islam should be punished.
You can't be sure if it's the day after it ends. But anyhow, Eid Al Fitr is usually joyful.
&gt; According to the Qur'an you follow, you will burn in hell for smoking weed. Source?
He wouldn't call us to what destroys us. He calls us to what makes us live and prosper and thrive. And no matter how hard it is, if we stand by God's side, we're standing with the most supreme power in this universe, if we're on the wrong side, no matter how powerful your army is, God is not on your side.
[Accidental, yeah right](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTlbI7anWkk)
Hate the sin, otherwise you're just like them. And the same applies to anyone who doesn't hate homosexuality.
It says "General Security" or "General Police".
Investments?
A few Moroccans have lawns but it's doable even in Morocco. The point is giving a small service to your neighbours and family.
Unless he had nothing to hide and was looking to open a new line of credit in his grand granddaughter's name to help himself financially.
Fes, Tetouan and Chefchaouen. Are the main cities where a lot of the moors settled after the exodus from Al-Andalus.
Just don't wander and you'll be fine. Have precise destinations to visit. You might want to tell us where are you heading. Because Morocco is big.
Dude, what's up with all your posts about Benkirane? Looking at your history I'm not sure what are you trying to convey.
Was a deer involved?
Do people look for like-minded partners or complimentary ones?
The law pertains to Muslims only.
How can someone not be a Muslim if they were born with a Muslim name?
You probably were talking to a demon.
It's just a matter of keeping your allies close and enemies farther. If someone wants to be the enemy of Islam publicly he should be able to flee away from the land of Muslims. Islam doesn't ask us to chase them down.
Apostates are not innocent. Each culture has its allies and its enemies. Its allies are supported and its enemies decimated. Give me one country that doesn't go by this simple rule. I know you're probably 14 or 15. You will learn a lot of things as you grow up. I suggest that you question your beliefs with your parents before you jump on the internet and declare yourself an apostate. I encourage you to ask your parents any kind of questions about Islam, and if they can't answer seek someone who's a little more knowledgeable and so on and so forth. I personally would love to address any issues you have with Islam. Feel free to PM me. I'll talk to you like a little brother. Communication is decreased in a sub where usernames are recurring and people are fighting things over. Things can get a little unnecessarily heated. Afterall there are 2 billion Muslims worldwide, we can't be all crazy, can we?
It takes months. The shipping to/from Morocco will be almost the price of another testing kit. Let alone the usual hassle of dealing with customs. You have to sit there and explain to them why you're shipping your spit for and they need to look at it.. Keep in mind that you don't want your DNA contaminated with someone else's. If you travel to the US even for a short period you can order the kit and send it back. The results will be mainly electronic.
Moors are people who had ancestors living in Al-Andalus for generations. Imagine if Americans were kicked out of continental United States. They all come from different parts but have been living there for a while. Including but not limited to, indigenous people.
Can you elaborate some more on: - Prostitutes of God? - Showing the lowest/ugliest side, how? - Selling a human for a place in heaven. I appreciate it, thanks.
I honestly don't. We can continue this discussion on PM if you wish.
Cheap labor. But I have also seen this in New York City while getting out of the subway. A woman screaming for directions. One portion of the subway was closed so they brought bus replacements. So she was there telling us if we were heading this way we should catch this bus or that bus and so on. Also in JFK where travelers exit. There are 2 men standing on each side of the exit. Shouting incessantly "Please go around the elevator", over and over again. I was heading for the bathroom for which the closest path I think was to go through. So I said "I need to go the bathroom" and he answered me in the same robotic voice "For the bathroom please go around the elevator.". Thanks man! EDIT: I just remembered those people TSA puts after scanners who do nothing but shout all day "Step In! ... Step Out!"
They don't exist. A kafir is by definition someone who knows the truth and "covers it". A mushrik or someone who engages in association is an entirely different thing.
Hey, what are you doing here? You're missing out on the conversation back in /r/Morocco! I'm waiting for you! I had a lot of questions when I was 14 too!
[This is one](https://www.reddit.com/r/Morocco/comments/4p68xz/can_you_guys_take_a_moment_and_vote_yes_if_youre/) of the threads that blew up again because they keep posting religiously charged links promoting atheism or homosexuality in Morocco.
&gt; They don't harm anyone by simply not practicing a religion. Yes, but it seems like you're talking about non-Muslims in general and not the specific case of apostates. &gt; Lost it at this point. I think it's cute how you assume people who disagree with you are little kids who don't know any better. Almost gagged when you called me your "little brother". I pity any child who looks up to you and takes advice from you. And I pity you, logicblocks, for being so debilatatingly close-minded. I hope one day you will leave your bubble and see that much of the world is full of different kinds of people who can live together without having to kill each other for being different. Fine, I had one too many 14 year old apostates here. FYI, I have been to dozens of countries on 4 continents. I advocate difference of culture and differences of social background and even differences of faith and religion. Where did I say the opposite? Once again, I'm stating Islam's position on apostates which are considered traitors to the state and to the nation as a whole. &gt; In fact, you may be the worst ambassador for Islam I've ever encountered. Guilt-tripping me? Nice. &gt; When they found out about my lack of faith, they never threatened me with violence or even tried to convert me back. Lack of faith or apostasy? Well, I wouldn't be around you if I considered myself a true Muslim. &gt; You may wish death upon me, logicblocks, but I don't wish death upon you. You sound so nice, but if there was ever any enemy threat against Muslims in Morocco or anywhere else you'd be the first to rat out our secrets to our enemies. I wish repentance for you, but Islam's view of apostates is completely justified as far as I can understand. Since you're in the US, so be it. You're not in Muslim land. Sharia law doesn't apply to you. And most people wouldn't be surprised if they see you work with enemy intelligence against Moroccan or Muslim interests.
A traitor is a traitor. What your country does to traitors?
Interesting. Thanks for the advice.
They either don't understand and thus rule everything as BS. These wouldn't be called kuffar. Or, they do understand and still call it BS, those would be called kuffar. You must understand the root of the word kafir is from the verb to cover, it's when seeds are covered underground in the soil when sowing.
Can't be. It is as if someone is making a science experiment and denying the results that are appearing before his eyes. I say, it's some kind of mental pathology.
صدق من قال، بدأ الإسلام غريبا وسيعود غريبا. طوبى للغرباء 🌸
I see a deluge of incendiary threads that all lead to fasting or not fasting in Ramadan, the penal code and what sharia says about it in this sub these days. Most are from newly created accounts, possibly throwaways.
At least 2 of the atheist accounts were 7 days and there was an another 30 days old account.
It's nothing new, we're not calling for it. It's already there. And we're not insulting individuals I'm just giving you a better understanding of what apostasy is considered to be in Islam and why is it that the punishment for it is such and such.
Well, an idea that's worth lying for is worth going to prison for. If his demands are legitimate, he should have no problem standing for what's right. Stand for what's right even if you're the only one.
&gt; If I'm in a crusade against Muslim Moroccans I'm glad you admit that. &gt; than It's "then", don't worry, many native speakers do that mistake too. Don't use "than" unless you're comparing things. You're welcome. &gt; you're in a hunt against apostasy and different sexual orientations. I oppose your promotion of apostasy and homosexuality on this sub or in Morocco. I oppose what my creator and your creator oppose the practice thereof. Your posts came out as aggressive in this sub, both in quantity and aggressiveness. That's why I called it a crusade and you seem to have agreed the term was fit to best describe what you did.
You will not win, neither in this life nor in the afterlife. Guaranteed. Yeah, because westerners are giving the best example in terms of ethics and moral values. /s
&gt; We already have. The secular countries control the biggest military force and most of the wealth in this world True, but my Lord controls what's in the heavens and what's upon the earth. He can't be overpowered, and unless you're on his side, you're always on the side of the losers. &gt; Yes western ethics and morals have made them global powers. /s Where is the sarcasm here? It's not their ethics that made them global powers it's their tricks and manipulation of texts and laws. Their exclusive domination over central banks and global wealth and their regular assasinations of leaders of rebellious countries throughout the globe.
I'm done with you. Let me know when you change your ways into talking with people in a more respectful manner. You're very vulgar unfortunately. And I'm not your brother.
I didn't invite you to visit the thread. The redditor did. I was talking to him when I saw him running away.
I didn't call people to come over. I specifically pointed him calling me on /r/exmuslim and I was told it had a history of brigading.
The Quran - By God Kindergarten is too late - Masaru Ibuka
Of course they're still androids.
Having the whole class sign it can be a bit problematic. The gifts can be given in private obviously.
I know DSK was running for president when he was charged with rape. Could she be running or thinking about running for president and her competitors just set her up?
Yeah, the Belfort promise to sell the land to the Jews. I just made a song out of it. Sing in drunk British soccer fan.
I feel like I'm imagining stars when they disappear when I focus on them.
Total darkness is even darker than what you just described.
The LED flash for your camera can function as a flash light.
Well, a lot of states take your ID when they issue you a DL. So it becomes your main ID.
Everytime you drive you're using your license.
I was referring to the phone's camera obviously.
Google and Apple are Delaware companies.
Is it people's attitude in Nova?
You're not going to empty the ocean with a desalination station.
The world is due for a recession this summer anyway, regardless of Brexit.
There probably should be a safety index compiled from crimespotting to route you in the best possible way all the while avoiding shady neighborhoods.
I don't know if I should laugh.
More love for one another. More love for our country and more love for our people. Once we have that no one will do a poor job in any position.
Sounds like it's in the middle of a sentence. It says : Know that he is.
I think so. In this case, the cars had the right of way and traffic was moving. So the pedestrian is in the wrong, they are responsible.
No one who's entered illegally can ever be granted citizenship especially if he admits it to the government. You clearly have no idea how your immigration laws work.
I'm not predicting the future. It's just that economy is cyclical. It works in cycles. Every 7-8 years there's a recession. Some recessions have been bigger than others. Please check Mike Malloney on Youtube.
Most countries would grant you citizenship if you were born there. They would even grant you citizenship based on your ancestry. It's certainly not a good way to deal with the US government, but in one way or another everyone's trying to cheat the system in one way or another. Not me, but that's how the general atmosphere is in the US.
Wait, I thought rich people didn't have a job to commute to.
You need the mod shield.
"Sounds like I have enough fish for a whole week!"
That's not how it works. The server determines the date of your signup and stores it and that you can't alter.
Becoming an apostate after knowing Islam is the true religion. It's messed up. I think there's a verse about this exact thing.
We're the 99%
You could say so. With 30oz of gold you could buy a brand new car 100 years ago, and still true today. 30oz of gold can get you an average/regular brand new car. Although in US dollars it would look like a huge difference. Because more money has been printed, depreciating in value all along (inflation).
That's not what we are talking about. We are saying if the info is stored on autofill locally, how can it be accessed? You have to be blind to just give your info away using autofill and hitting submit. Also, it asks for a confirmation of sort for CC data.
Hey, broke my fast 4 hours ago here in Morocco.
Stopping is at dawn, which is before sunrise. And yes it depends on your location on the globe.
Next life? You only live once!
&gt;documentaries FTFY
There's a limit on votes regardless of the actual people voting them up.
Yeah but you have to be dumb to let it submit things. You're willingly doing. I'm specifically talking about it being stored in chrome's internal mechanism and getting stolen from there.
Well, not all conspiracies are secret.
If it's not secure, this is big news. Dude, you're talking to a programmer. There was nothing that I was wrong about.
It should be fine if it's tied to the front and the back doors to keep a parallel drag force. Tighten them up to avoid scratching any paint.
Yes. Learn more on /r/conspiracy
Israel is guilty of mass genocide. Every other summer they bomb Gaza and thousands of women and children are killed. [If this is not apartheid, you tell me what it is](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QorJMPtz1Fw).
And so the right thing to do is to support the occupier. You sound like a shell who works for the hasbara.
When you say "we"? Who are you?
It used to make so much noise in the past that it broke Windows. It was taken to an airport in Northern Morocco (Tangier aka GMTT/TNG) where it was flown regularly for testing purposes breaking windows in the medina everytime it took off.
Sorry my bad. The brigading offenders were reported to the reddit admins, not you, I just checked their handles. I can't find the PM where I received the NSFW link, but if it's not you I take that back as well.
You can't blame the cammer on this sub even if he's at fault.
No, it's people like you. But hearts can change, so I don't lose hope.
More subs need to be created to streamline the topics.
Maybe wear something more modest? Is open-mindedness proportional to the amount of skin and cleavage you showcase?
From a Muslim perspective. Yes, it has potential for growth.
Might come with a cast with no choice of location.
They dump fuel because more weight means greater force, greater force means greater braking distance. And for long haul flights, the fuel onboard is too much for the amount of runway they have. So they need to jettison fuel to be able to brake safely within the runway's limits.
It's a better decision if they thought they had things under control. Creating panic amongst passenger can cause injury or death when crowds start running and pushing.
Well, when you live amongst Christians and they no longer kill homosexuals as the bible says. You can expect everything.
In my country, official documents can only be accepted from a sworn translator. Not everyone can work as a translator where I'm from unless they have a degree in translation. I also live in a country where half the population speaks an extra foreign language. But not all of them are fluent.
Décalage is the word. Décollage is take off.
You could throw in French and Portuguese to that family.
On AlJazeera Arabic they usually have real-time translations for important live speeches. And the interpreter sounds in Arabic like if he's making his voice a little deeper and the words are way longer than they should be. Do you change your tone or pitch while translating? Or do you sound as normal as you would in real life?
They know it was spent but not down which pathway. In other words, they don't know whose hands it ended up landing on.
I asked a lawyer about this and that's what he suggested too.
The government initially released 5 frames but [this](https://youtu.be/vwzT0QnwtTE) longer version was released.
Well, a lot of the research I have done on 9/11 has revealed more than what the official story could ever tell. You know that some israelis were cheering up and recording as the towers fell? You know that about 60 people (possibly mossad agents involved in the false flag) were detained by authorities and deported to Israel?
He only said she accelerated aggressively. No hurt feelings.
Someone shot Jo Cox MP and it wasn't deemed a terrorist attack even though the attacker shouted "Britain First". The media are reserving the word terrorist for Muslims.
America respects and values ethnic diversity. Britain is pumping up chauvinism and racism these days.
That whole thing sounds like a false flag to be honest, to push people to vote remain.
I was taught Java and Oracle too. But I had prior experience with PHP/MySQL web development. It helps to try and experiment with different things. jQuery and making a webpage responsive on top of the classic HTML/CSS/JS is a must today. Java (owned by Oracle. Bought from Sun Microsystems about 5 or 6 years ago) is an open source language. The JVM runs more than just Java as long as thay language converts the source code into bytecode. MySQL (bought by Oracle but kept free and open source) is also an open source software. So it costs close to nothing to implement. .Net developers and .Net made websites and applications are more expensive because your OS (Windows) costs money, the database server (MSSQL) costs money, the IDE (Visual Studio) costs money, the certifications (MSCD) cost hundreds of dollars each. So all of that is reflected on the final price of the product. A $45K website made with MS technologies costs $2-$3K to make with similar open source technologies (PHP/MySQL). I say, try and learn PHP and a couple of its frameworks (Laravel, CodeIgniter). It's good to learn on real world projects but you can also experiment with things on your spare time. Let's say you download a small python script that solves captchas or something. Try and look at it, transform it, run it over and over again to get a hold of how it works and so on. It helps to market yourself as a "programmer" than a "Java programmer". Unless it's a really niche specialty and you have been working on Java frameworks (struts or spring) for 10 years. Then you have better chances landing a lead developer job that pays really well. In Morocco, the government works a lot with MS technologies. From websites to web apps you can see they have a deal with Microsoft. Some private entities also work with MS technologies. If your client doesn't have a preference you can work with Java/MySQL when it fits best. Oracle is really heavy and more for huge databases with lots of load. I know Java/J2EE is very popular in banks and financial firms in the United States, especially financial districts like Manhattan. One of its uses is high-frequency trading. Machines buying and selling stocks several times a minute based on mathematical formulas that predict when to buy and when to sell.
I second that. Haha.
Also next to it is the oldest University in the world. Opened by Fatima Al-Fihriyyaa and it was a great center of learning and seeking knowledge starting by religious knowledge and other worldly education.
Maybe they heard some stories about blacks attacking people. They took over some apartments in the suburbs of the city and refused to get out even with the homeowner present.
Some people from Souss, not all of them are dark-skinned and you may consider them black. They run their businesses as they please and are making good money. Obviously, blacks pray next to whites in mosques. The common denominator is that we're humans and Muslims. As far as subsaharans are concerned, they even set up their businesses here in Morocco. Selling fruits and veggies in the market. Those who are too lazy to work, are begging for money and people give them and buy food for them. They are treated pretty well as far as I can see. Most sub-saharans now work and do not beg no more. TL;DR No racism whatsoever and I haven't witnessed a single incident based on race or skin color my entire life. This is as far as blacks are concerned.
I emailed their civil rights address but they didn't get back to me. I'll try to contact them again through different channels. Thanks!
And he married more for more than that. So both are fine. It depends on what you want. If you feel the desire to marry more than one, go for it. That if you can be fair and just to them.
Didn't you write 15 and turn it into 25? I know he married Khadija at 25 and died at 63. So.
Excuse or not brother, they want it, so be it. What are you some kind of monk? :) Allah tells us to marry the women we like. ما طاب لكم You just haven't seen it but it does exist that some people do not want to marry more. They have 2 and don't want the 3rd. Or have 3 and don't want the 4th. If anything this quote seems like it's forcing those sunnah prayers upon people otherwise they cannot discuss the matter of marrying more than once. You don't have to pray 2 rakaat after Duhr to be able to marry more than once.
But it's considered as hate speech which is illegal. The company did told me that they take down hate-speech content but they did not take down the ones I pointed and said they were still reviewing it internally. It's been more than a month. Free speech yes, but hate speech no.
In the matter of which has preference this [fatwa](https://islamqa.info/ar/228346) seems to indicate that the verse did not make the matter of polygyny more wanted but rather that depends on the person and if he feels that one is enough for him. I might find another fatwa from the same website that someone else did that says polygyny is preferred but I decided to share this with you because it's a great read. And as you can see that point was discussed between scholars as to whether or not Allah was telling us that more than 1 is the preferred state. Anyway, this subject has arguments from both sides pulling. Things differ from place to place. People should be just and not make haram what Allah made halal. Because monogamy is so prevalent today, for a reason or another. Be it movies or any other western influence, a lot of people who are not content with one and are able to be fair with more than one, are not able to marry both because of legal or social hurdles. So the population in our current time is kind of extreme on the matter of monogamy. On the other hand you have things like cheating and mistresses on the rise. See a correlation here? I'm merely fighting the western influence on what Allah made halal. وعليكم السلام ورحمة الله و بركاته
I think most people lack the experience because it's less and less prevalent. They haven't see how their parents did it, maybe their grandparents were in a polygynous union. And they lack a clear model of how it works. It's sad that some countries have outlawed it. Marriage should be made public and cannot be secret. Even its legitimacy is questionable. So your case is not grounds for a general rule worldwide. Maybe it's just your locality, maybe it's just your country.
&gt; in my search for an internship I came across a couple companies that wanted me to pay before I could intern. First time I hear about this, it made me laugh a little, sadly.
Hate speech is illegal buddy. On top of other laws that it could break like "disturbing the peace".
Hate speech is illegal buddy. On top of other laws that it could break like "disturbing the peace".
Religion doesn't dictate what you should ride. Horses, donkeys and mules are merely mentioned in the Quran as being a bliss.
Exactly brother. Islam is a moderate religion. If we follow Islam and the way the prophets and his companions lived, we're in the clear. If we are influenced by western values we're veering to one side, if we are too strict and get a khawarij mindset (God forbid) we would be veering to the other side. That's why adjustments should constantly be made to our lifestyles to always be within Islam.
That's just pure hate speech. Everyone will see and recognize that the hater wearing it deserves a citation.
Marriage is not purely for the dunya. Also, the prophet did not eat just camel meat. Eating is innate, everyone does it.
No, it's for both. Marriage is for dunya and akhirah. But I'm leaning towards the akhirah option more. What made you think it's more for the dunya?
