I would have guessed Detroit.
[Still my favorite picture.](http://i.imgur.com/lh8eFnn.jpg)
r/DrunkGirls is pretty good.
I saw a college student with a tower and an lcd display at a Starbucks. But it was a mid-size tower and he was with his friends who all had laptops. Barely even noticed him.
He died from a heart attack too. Basically he aged much quicker, resulting in having the body of someone at least 20 years older.
He killed her with the only weapon banned by a pope.
Any dumbass can edit a wikipedia page. That doesn't make it true. Special effects existed since the beginning of film. CGI didn't come around until the '80s.
Your drill would just rotate around this bit.
Amazon and Anal.
Since the head came off, this would be considered a failed hanging. It's supposed to break the neck. Also, guillotine is the device, not the act of removing a head.
They've been doing it since the beginning of “feature-length" films.
Noticed you said you thought the prop may have been undamaged? If that's not a typo, I can tell you the prop is beyond any form of repair.
But it’s a piece of the costume falling off.
The car or the fighter jet?
I get pulled over all the time for the most pointless stuff. Last time it was because I took too long to make a right hand turn at a red light. The real reason is that I accidentally made eye contact with the cop. I knew he was going to pull me over as soon as I looked at him.
Everyone got employed with low level shit jobs. I know I did.
If you don’t brush around implants the gums will rot away until you see the pin and bone.
It’s not genuine unless you type it like this: Breeder Bullshit™.
You’re still crazy, but not for that reason.
I believe you anchor to the building every third floor.
You’re parked on the sidewalk!
Kraft Singles aren't even real cheese.
Here I thought I was being original when I set up a long line before turning it on.
I’ve been personally told by a parent that this is the most effective method to shut their kid up. As soon as they throw a tantrum, you do it even louder. If they're old enough they get embarrassed and shut up immediately. The more people around the better.
She succeeded in poking him with the HIV needle.
Back in the day when 3 years age difference felt like 30.
And the most expensive thing we own is the computer.
And the other half is into gaming. For me it's 3d modelling, which means having a Nvidia Quadro that's hooked up to my watercooler system. Everything in my tower easily exceeds $4000. But it's worth every last penny.
I would not build a Z97/DDR3 system unless it was out of random parts I found. DDR4 has been out for what, two years?
Why not call the Fire Marshall?
I died for moment when the scissors stuck in the floor at the beginning.
28 Days Later.
Average.
Saying good buddy can be an insult to the person you're saying it to. “Thanks good buddy” in a sarcastic tone means “thanks fag.”
Let me guess, mid 20's?
At least they're not debating how quickly they can jerk off every guy in the room.
AC adapter and 12v adapter were what I used 99% of the time. An outlet was almost never more than an extension cord away.
That's the biggest ornamental bell any cow will ever wear. Cowbells aren't even true bells in a sense. They don't ring out.
Because he fucks like it's his job.
There's even that popular clip of a cat “slapping” a baby in the head with both paws, but retracted claws. Cat knew exactly what it was doing.
They're infused with jizz.
I was gonna say. Maybe he thought you guys really needed the R&amp;R.
It's always the cheerful cartoon character. They're worse than the clergy.
Or Bill Nye.
Friends are bullshit anyway. They will always leave as soon as they get an SO.
Can't even count the number of Magic Wands I've bought over the years. I should just buy a pallet.
I had to up and quit working for anyone. Bosses simply can't treat people how they want to be treated. Fuck ’em. I made my own company, with blackjack and hookers. Okay, maybe not with the hookers...or the blackjack. But I really am self employed.
That would make Tesla roll in his grave even more.
It’s a joke. He was too smart to be “against” it.
Haven't seen young girls making dick cakes before, that's why.
Give it a little tampy. Tamp, tamp tamparoo.
Relative to other Civics.
Did not enjoy driving through the Rockies for the last portion of a 16 hour drive.
Fuck yeah, thanks. Can't wait to visit someday.
This comment should go down in the history of time.
I'm guessing something in the lever must be making a pop. Perhaps different motherboard manufacturers? I never heard it either and only needed to use more force than I thought would be necessary at first.
Sometimes called IPA. Don't confuse it with India Pale Ale.
I'm a yank and even I know that.
God damn karma whores.
It’s a damn joke people. They're only making fun of Tai Lopez. He's been a joke on the internet for two years.
I tired connecting a peripheral Lego Mindstorms uplink to USB using a USB-1/8th Adapter and a 1/8th-peripheral adaptor. Didn't work.
All we know is, he’s called The Stig.
It’s rather tastefully executed.
That's *why* you use shovels.
Men aren't extinct yet, so no.
The opposite of the Japanese clap. They all stop at once.
Both solid ideas. Andy from Nitro Circus did this to Travis. He put up pictures of himself doing a tricycle backflip in Pastrana's house for him to find, like inside cabinets or boxes. Random places everywhere. Calenders and filing cabinets are good stowaways.
Inside the tampon box and the toilet paper rolls is a fun one because they're already likely pissed.
There's sore losers and there's sore winners.
In addition to my other GPU’s...
They learn or they get pulled against the ground while while shitting all over themselves and the ropes. They do it by keeping their back legs stiff and sliding on their paws.
Janitor.
Thank you for being a good sport. Don't know why everyone’s squeamish. This *is* r/wtf.
I got a Pentium 2 rig that I keep around just to hear Windows 95 boot.
Not just the smell, but there could be VOCs in the air from all the decaying garbage. It could literally make you physically ill.
Last time I played online my X80 was all chrome with the highest pitched music horn. It was visually and audibly the most painful thing I've ever experienced in the game.
Well it works for my jet ski.
Although it’s much thicker on top than the bottom. This not only increased vertical loads above center-of-gravity, but increased lateral loads from wind sheer and water.
Even my grandmother still says you get a degree before you get anything else. Once you get that degree, you can do anything you want....
If you were a grower yourself you wouldn't fear legalization. I buy my weed locally and have grown for 10 years. The only real benefit is the money savings.
Flown Flight Simulator since 1997. GTA is definitely cake when it comes to flying, but moving from a keyboard to controller took me two or three sessions to get used to. After that I improved for another week or so until I leveled off. That's what I meant by learning curve. I think you're reading too much into one phrase.
I too enjoy playing the most dangerous game.
Thanks. I'll remember to find a seat.
But nothing beats Street Fighter 2.
Hold my paw, I'm going in!
You don't even need the airflow to be moving in that direction. It could be pushing air out the front. That helps prevent against heat buildup behind the case. Edit. Had a stroke halfway through and fixed the typos.
Sell your car and ride the rifle to work.
In a stand off they need to shoot down the building around someone.
I was thinking Harry Potter; where they ride Barrets instead of broomsticks while playing Quidditch.
Yeah, wouldn't work here. But it works great with my cooling loop.
The total bill was $138k. Each camera body is $50k. Guessing he bought two bodies.
Piss Taker, come on!
Just like sex.
Nah, this is great. I already got three golds under my belt, but no silver.
~~Bet your boyfriend appreciates it.~~
Fat chicks need love too.
How insightful.
Remember pogs?
Silencer was a brand name. They're called suppressors.
*You just say ‘bingo.’*
I'm in decent shape, but going up three flights of stairs will give me a little swamp ass on a warm day.
Better call Saul.
It means the same thing, but I never heard anyone call it that when we're at the range. Also hear people call it a “can.”
Does anyone use sunscreen in Florida?
“I wish I had a million dollars.” *Genie steals a million from closest bank. Still has the dye packs.*
By definition they would be UFO’s. They don't needs to be non terrestrial.
When will we have radio controlled blobs?
I own a Mercedes G wagon with a Dillon Aero.
I knew someone would correct me.
Never.
I did, but I'm high.
Loofah? You mean the falafel thing?
I used to think Uber drivers came from Germany.
What a douchebag. I love it.
Considering how bad Steam used to be, it's amazing it still exists.
88 was a good year for coke. Not so much for boats.
I would arrive as Skeletor.
He had an erection that lasted longer than four hours.
I'm amazed more failures don't happen like this. The industry rushes you to *do, DO, DO!!!* without even thinking first. Assembly manuals are frequently modified without engineer approval; and most of the time are just signed off AFTER completion, not during, like they're supposed to be. They exist so each step is followed precisely. (eg, so you don't install things upside down.)
It’s Russian. This was the test and inspection.
OP, outside of California or England you call it “highway 411, or I-411.”
Point taken. Socal can be very pompous at times.
It's not just SpaceX. Vendors have been doing this for a long time.
Mental illness is a bitch.
I graduated high school when I was 18. It's good enough.
The Curiosity Rover has it's own Twitter account.
There were multiple reasons: The bomber flew the same route. They used ground spotters to know precisely when to turn on their radar. (Flat black provides a high contrast.) The F117 didn't even have a radar detector for SAMs. ~~The pilot never saw the missile coming, like in the movies.~~
Never thought I'd use a 3d mouse. Now I use one every day for watching porn.
He looks like a ripoff Don Johnson.
My local meetup doesn't allow booze. How am I supposed to socialize while sober?
I too enjoy crushing sand castles.
High Life sucks. If store brands made their own beer, it would taste like High Life.
She's so pleased with herself. I love it.
What do you mean? African or European swallow?
That's a crucifix, not a cross.
They're not even on par with stoner engineers.
Sounds like it. Should be “informant.”
Yup.
Usually have friends ship them.
Have you never worked a shit job?
Clearly they're paid by the hour.
I knew this would be Erik's *Chinese Democracy*. Still a decent video though.
If they arrested the girl, they should crucify the artist.
What do you call the people that remove your hookers?
“Provide care,” aka work like everyone else.
*Real and spectacular*, did you get that line from Seinfeld?
*KILL ME....*
Kids these days won't understand the struggle.
Are you just doing this for the karma?
Jesus saves.
No one cares if it's fake and you leave it up.
I was still a stoned teenager.
Dyed, but natural redhead underneath. You can see the roots.
Usually means you're going fast at a drag strip. 308 isn't a sought after model, so it's likely heavily modified.
Start a blog.
I used to smoke with people. I still do, but I used to, too.
I woke up in a new Bugatti.
Jesus, take the wheel and hold my beer.
Sliding off the road never gets old for you?
Didn't help me a couple times. Sometimes it's unavoidable. You've been lucky.
Half Life has a lot more in common with Trespasser than Quake or Doom. I played all four.
Exactly what I think about people that take the video for face value.
Your mom.
Those take time and make noise.
Not all plastics. Think about playground equipment. And that's usually in the open sun, no shade. A pad for an AC unit would get half as much sunlight, since it's on the side of building.
Maybe some people shouldn't be allowed on Twitter.
Can people stop posting stoner sob stories? I'm alone in life too, but I'm not using that to farm karma.
If the road has any curve you see everything.
That's when you rear end someone. It hardly ever happens, because very few roads have spots that are completely straight and level.
*Arrogance* was the quote, not *hubris.*
Every day we go deeper into The Twilight Zone.
You're high.
Now I won't feel guilty if I have to tell a child I can't help them.
I noticed that when I was smoking in bed.
If you have a lift on site, why not use it?
Your comment is hindered.
[So...ass?](https://i.imgur.com/EogmY9O.gif)
If you damage the follicle it won't regrow hair. Over a large area it's a pointless task. But might work on someone's stinky pinky.
Farmer John's long lost brother, Farmer Jobs.
We can't see where the lift is parked. That might not have been an option.
That was the return flight that landed last night at 10:38.
This is proper OSHA material right here. A nice break from the shit posts.
I don't buy used so I actually thought it was kind of high. But it's a 6gb card, so the price point seems right. As long as it hasn't been damaged by overclocking. If the GPU temps are higher than normal, you might want to put on new thermal paste and thermal pads.
Is it anecdotal evidence if it comes directly from my dermatologist?
PUBG also has a player base 2-3 games had the year before.
Why put a barrel on a Cycloneshock?
Always thought it wouldn't line up properly and also cause barrel drag.
Oh, yeah, nevermind then.
The shell looks nothing like the movie. Replica wise.
Thought about buying it for prop stuff. When I double checked the movie, I thought they looked nothing alike.
Gotta keep the politicians politicing.
Sold it twice.
But they're always using public defenders.
Technically legal. But the Palestinians were living there first.
Obviously. The Palestinians didn't just set up shop after WWII to spite the Jews.
*Wesley Snipes black*
The OTG?
I bought an MSI 1080ti Sea Hawk a month ago. It as on Newegg and cost $820. What happened since?
Big money for old rigs? I don't get it.
That's nearly a 6 year old card. Why so long before upgrading or a new build? I had to upgrade to a 1080ti last month because my 3 year old graphics card wasn't cutting it (4gb Quadro).
Not yet.
Good bot.
Where are the headlights? Doesn't look like they flip out.
Happy cake day!
Good thing I bought my MSI Sea Hawk two months ago.
Can't imagine they'd be affected.
I got 12 kills in a match today. But 9 were AFK.
Memory has been going up and down for years. When I built my system 3 years ago, 16bg cost $300. When I upgraded a year or so ago, it was $180 for 32gb.
I'm all for expensive pieces. You get what you pay for. But there's no spoon worth $200. That type of cash should get you a decent 5mm glass on glass bong, maybe even one with a reinforced joint.
They overshot the mountain on the first two rounds.
What CPU are you using? Mine is a 5820k (6 core 3.3ghz) and I can't figure out if that is enough, even though it says it's at 60% usage at most.
This is embarrassing, but I figured it out. The motor somehow dropped voltage without quitting entirely, like it normally would. So it was running at 2300 RPM instead of 4500. Temperature dropped 5-6c in a couple of minutes.
This map perfectly illustrates why game players shouldn't be game designers.
The vast majority of my deaths on Miramar are from AR's at close range while driving, especially the cheaters with macro'd AKM's. I rarely get sniped while driving, or from a distance. qqqqYou just need to keep moving and find proper cover. At least Miramar has cover. If you on Errangal without a house, you're completely exposed.
Gamers like you don't even know what you want. You only know how to bitch and moan.
That's me, but with the AUG. I've had it half a dozen times, fully decked out. Don't recall ever killing anyone with it.
I bought the same video card just for Battlegrounds. It's a beast.
This is a terrible shit post.
Kebabs are as American as pizza and Chinese food.
Cao ni ma.
You need both. I was all about wins at first, but my .50 kill ratio started to get old.
I got that same video card. It's a beast.
I upgraded to an Asus Swift PG278QR. Never thought I'd get so much satisfaction out of seeing a cursor move at 165fps. Almost as good as winning every punching match on PUBG.
Why not?
That and pigments. There's really no point in using anything other than simple dyes or clear liquid.
I can only assume it's literally Vue when he says it's old coolant that he pulled out of the loop and it behaves exactly like Vue. At best, it's white or grey Vue with another dye added. Might as well alter the color of old Ek fluid and call it "EK like fluid."
How do you play with the lights of Las Vegas next to your monitor?
Speed hacking. Even with the crappy video quality it's clear as day.
My favorite strains I smoked or even grew were from before weed got legalized. I miss Strawberry Cough, Sensi Star, or that stuff that tasted like cinnamin and gave me 4 hours of cotton mouth.
More like "what month is it?" I bought my 1080ti 8 weeks ago off Newegg for retail price.
Meanwhile, PUBG still looks like shit on my 1080ti.
Good bot.
OP delivers!
Hold my beer while I win this graphics card. Oh, and fuck miners.
Haha, WOW. I put in my 2 cents after you were talking out of your ass for two long paragraphs. And I should be the one that talks less? Get over yourself.
That sucks. Ther's really no good option then, I heard they're supposed to be the best. What tubing you using now? Also, did it contribute to build up? My tube is black, so color is not an issue.
Thank god for that. Platisizer was a pain in my ass with Koolance tubing.
I'm the same way with the AR suppressor. It helps, but it's not a game winner.
Crazy or a racist?
That's what I thought. Honestly, I didn't think her tweet was out of character for her. It's not like she said the n-word.
More like FEAR and Modern Warfare 1 instead. The modding community for them was the shit.
Since you're on limited mobile data, how many terrabytes of porn did you download beforehand?
If you're gonna shit post about PUBF, don't do it on the official subreddit. Go to r/pubg
I binge watched it too. When that asshole got stabbed in the throat I thought the show took a turn for the better. Nope, more shitty writing. Didn't watch after that.
And eating out their sisters pussy.
Why not choose from any weapon available in-game? It's fun and practice, so everyone should get AUG's and AWM’s if they want.
That doesn't make it a factory spoiler.
They still think you're going to steal shit. Imagine telling women to leave their purse at the front of a store. There'd be nation wide sit-ins at any business that did it.
My point is that it's a cheesy ass spolier and you're a dumbass with no taste for thinking it's “super clean.” I didn't want to say it, but you pushed it.
Because they're assholes. I've only met one nice cat in my life, out of 50 or so.
Says a lot about your lack of vision. Not creativity or foresight, but your literal vision. It looks nothing like a Porsche wing.
What I'm saying is the OEM wing looks so fucking different than anything else, your ignorance assumes this abomination looks “clean.” I don't even know why I bother, because you keep pivoting so much it's obvious you want a fucking debate. Bullshit someone besides me.
Can't hear people when they're 90 degrees to one side. One guy walked right up to me with the UMP. When I heard the shots, they sounded 200-300 meters away.
I appreciate the cops hassling me for reasons besides weed. Legalization cuts out so much bullshit.
A carbon filter in your room is the only way to get ride of the smell. Not some Mickey mouse one from Target, but one used for growing.
I'd suggest smoking outside then. But that's just me.
It's not much different today. Mountain Madness charges $67,000. But it doesn't include: International airfare Personal equipment Staff/guide gratuities Items of a personal nature (e.g. phone calls, laundry, room service, extra meals, etc.) Trip cancellation insurance Medical rescue insurance Airport departure tax Satellite phone usage is available, but at an additional cost Alcoholic beverages Birth control.
I made that last one up. No one uses birth control on Everest.
I used to poly model in college for fun. Amateur stuff, but enough to realize how optimization works. I took a bloated 30k poly model of mine and reduced it to 3k while losing almost no detail. Looking at all the unnecessary polygons in game makes me frustrated as all hell. This is their god damn job.
The alcohol and cigars take care of that.
Easy there Satan.
Or you could just use birth control.
Paul Walker wasn't even driving the car.
The only time I'd use emotes is in the plane. Thanks BlueballsCorp.
$12k worth of Shark Cards.
Of course. You're literally paying them to survive.
Obviously not. But having a period isn't an excuse to ruin everyone else's fun, especially while on vacation. The happiness of the group should never be dictated by the hormones of a single person.
I have plenty of emotional problems, on top of chronic pain. Every minute I'm putting on a face and not trying to snap on people. That's just scratching the surface. So women can fuck off when they bitch about how hard it is for five fucking days. That would be a monumental vacation for me.
Fucking lol. If a vacation is not pleasant, that means it's unpleasant. Since people don't take time off work and spend hundreds or thousands of dollars to be unpleasant, that means the vacation is ruined.
I've had some women ruin my day because of their hormones. And you're trying to back pedal as if it's merely a logistical concern, not a hormonal one? I've bought tampons, pads, heating pads, birth control, and other medications for things like UTI's. That stuff is effortless. You really think buying some shit from Walgreens is the problem, and not the hormones?
I think they should be able to modify them, since I've done that with free models. However, Miramar’s poly count is out of control. One of the most obvious spots was in Prison, where flat concrete strips on the ground are made of multiple models a couple feet wide, instead of one long 20ft (or so) section. Basically increasing the poly count 10x in that one spot alone.
Every woman that's gotten emotionally hormonal around me did that. That's all I can imagine OP was talking about. Because I've never had a problem making a detour to the pharmacy because my girlfriend forget something.
That brings us back to the the title. If the vacation is not pleasant, then it's unpleasant. If it's unpleasant it's ruined. “The trip was great, besides me being unpleasant most of the time.” Said no one ever.
What couple has gotten their red wings?
I refuse to accept the “we can't help it” cop out. Women should be held accountable for their actions just like men. Fuck me, right?
Of course I have. But I never blame it on hormones as if it was something I couldn't control. Imagine a guy telling you that after they treat you like crap. We should be able to, equality and all.
If he got one, it should be covered in poop emojis. Or say “try hard" with a couple grenades around it.
They're really serious. If the government doesn't do it, the UN will write them a letter, and keep writing letters until we comply.
Jesus Christ I forgot about them.
Ban all diesel cars. Ban small diesel trucks and vans not using it as a part of a business.
I do that shit all the time. I also take the AWM ammo even if I don't pick up the gun.
I said a few simple things that you blew into a full on argument. Good luck with that.
Yesterday I didn't pick it up be because I had a suppressed, fully equipped M24 and there were still 60 something people alive. I like to have at least 40 rounds in my sniper at that point, because I've run out on the AWM a few times. I've also kept the MK14 as well.
What are thoughts? I'm too old to remember.
With 60 people alive, I've killed 8-10 of them. It's nice to have 4 rounds per person to account for misses and body shots. I also said I use the MK14. It's a fun alternative when it's fully kitted with a compensator. By the way, to go from 60 to 30 is 10 minutes. I realize you were trying to make a point, but it was laughable.
So that meme gets applied to anyone calling out another persons condescension? It's not like I said I had 300 ~~confirmed kills in Iraq~~ chicken dinners.
Clearly I don't. And since no one will explain, I couldn't care less. I only said why I prefer certain guns over the AWM, and everyone's acting like I’m kicking kittens.
The games are 35 minutes long. Keep that in mind when you're exaggerating how fast people die.
Not really. I don't do that all the time. But even if I did, that's still not a lot of people. One guy I play with gets double that. Enough where I had to question if he's using macros or hacks.
I only explained why I carried 40 rounds. I need enough to kill 8-10 people. But I don't do that every time. I only did it a few times, so I need that much in case I'm lucky enough to do it again. If I did it regularly, I'd have even more for redundancy. But whatever. People go to Reddit to argue, so it's my fault not realizing my words were going to trigger the first person snowflakes on this subreddit. Again, it's my fault, I accept all the blame.
But I can see why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch.
Bragging....about 8-10 kills. See, I didn't even mean to condescend before but now I will. You suck so fucking bad at this game that you think when I explain why I need more than 20 rounds of ammunition because I kill 8 to 10 people, it's somehow condescension. If you were any damn good at the game, you'd have laughed at my statement. You might have even said you could double that number with the same 20 rounds. But instead you took offense. Not because you were looking for an argument, but because you are just that bad.
Thanks man. Glad to hear there are like-minded people that play this game.
His tutorials are great. His stream is just him being a try hard. He has no style for making a kill or winning a game like Shroud or ChocoTaco. Those two guys pull off wins that simply blow my mind. Wacky is just a regular guy trying to put himself on the leaderboard. That's great if he's patting himself on the back, but not entertaining for the viewer.
Maybe if quitting at 10pm Pacific is considered normal. That's cutting off 2/3 of my game time.
I'm not even OP.
Ship some tips? Jesus Christ you're even more condescending than me. Enjoy getting put in your place the next time you ship some, kid. PS Nice try playing the good guy at the end, but I don't buy that bullshit.
It means with 60 people alive, I would kill 8-10, OF THOSE 60. You are one dense kid. And calling me out for basic format editing is sad as hell.
Just because I don't acknowledge your pathetic insult stating I play third person, doesn't mean I play third person. That was the most lightweight insult I've been told on Reddit, actually. If you really needed me to state the obvious, it shows how you're that dense, or how much you want to bitch like a child over nothing.
Anyone who records in a gym without consent should get their membership revoked.
“Let me smell your dick. If you haven't been with another woman then you'd let me smell your dick.”
Sounds like eminent domain in the United States.
TIL Australia is still a monarch.
Saying he had no power wasn't enough.
If sun dried tomatoes were 200 an ounce, you bet your ass I'd grow my own.
It's in the rules at every gym I've been to.
You just did the most childish thing of all. You made an assumption about someones personal life on the internet. Only young people do that, because they already have the world figured out.
So you're pretending that I'm back pedaling now? I asked people why they hated my comment. It wasn't about getting 10 more kills after 60 people were alive. It was when I said your statement about the game going from 60 to 30 players in 3 minutes was laughable. I should have just said it was incorrect. Get over yourself already.
This is amusing to me, because I routinely edit long comments to make them seem more coherent. You're the first person that's said I did it to change my story or backpedal or whatever. You keep pivoting so much, you're actively trying to ignore my original comments at this point. It's obvious you know you're wrong, because that’s the only reason you're trying to distract me. Or you're a shitty troll. Edit: fixed a typo in the second to last sentence. Changed “that” to “that’s.”. Happy?
You misinterpreted my statement. I corrected you, but you act like I still said your original interpretation. Because you refuse to acknowledge your simple misinterpretation, that's your problem, not mine. Edit. Even if I rewrote my statement to make sense for you, you'd still say I was backpedalling.
I'm done. I explained myself 1000x over and you still won't let it go. So clearly I have to stop replying, because you're obviously incapable of that. Edit. You also started replying to two different comments I made, so you could talk twice as much. You're like a girlfriend I'm not fucking. So I gotta dump you.
"With 60 people alive, I've killed 8-10 of them. It's nice to have 4 rounds per person to account for misses and body shots.". 8-10 of the remaining 60. If I were talking about the 40 already dead I would have said “[I] killed 8-10 of the 40 dead.”. I would have said exactly what you said in your last comment. But I didn't, because I was talking about the 60 people still alive, not the 40 dead. This all hinges on 100 people in the game, which there never is. So you're assumption is even more confusing.
So it's okay to say I'm wrong over a simple grammer misinterpretation but not you? You're an amazing hypocrite. “You can't even admit it when your 100% proven wrong, trying to say I won because you gave up before that comment. Pathetic.” Admit what? You're talking in circles.
Ohhh, so you can tell me what my comment means. But I can't tell you what your comment means. Thanks for proving your hypocrisy.
You gotta stop making two replies for every comment I make. It's like you don't even understand Reddit, let alone English. Edit. Holy shit, you just said that instantly. No wonder you're making so many mistakes.
I stopped caring after you you substituted you own interpretation of my words for your own. You don't understand what I said. You don't understand why I was downvoted. You only think you do. You act like people disagreeing with my post means you get to interpret it however you want, despite English not even being your native language. You said it, not me.
Yeah, they're my words. Which is why I'm amazed a guy that doesn't even use English as a first language is arguing over the interpretation of them. It's even more laughable than you saying it takes 3 minutes to go from 60 to 30 people.
I've done one 12, two 11’s, a handful of 10’s. I suck at this game, so I find it hard to believe everyone thinks I'm lying over my weak kill count.
A snowstorm in North Korea wouldn't make you pass out though.
Since you didn't respond to the topic at hand, I'll say it again. “Only one other guy said the same thing as you. Another said it was the “laughable” part that made them downvote it. Another said it was just a douchey post. So out of that sample size, 33% thought you were right. 33% is not 100%. 33% is not conclusive. At best, you're a third right. Give it a rest.” OH WAIT, you said you'd give it a rest. My bad.
Those bastards make some great booze.
But you can't hurt him because he doesn't feel pain.
God bless you young man.
I did the same thing at 80 meters. 2 headshots, 1 body shot, all misses.
I bet he's got a 7.3 in his pants.
Built Chevy Tough.
Too soon.
Definitely. But it's not something that makes me rage quit the game like sound dead spots or lag kills.
Seriously, I didn't need to hear a bad story to think HP in the ears was a bad idea.
The last time I was actually looking forward to anything I got stood up. It's brutal.
With the money you spend on kids, you could buy lots of weed.
But with diaper changes, doctors appointments, midnight feeding, sleep deprivation, you're going to need pounds to get by.
Years ago I was in perfect shape and I thought I got my self confidence back. And I only asked out girls that were showing an active interest in me. Still didn't work.
Now try playing PUBG on PC.
First I have to apologise because I'm going to say FUCK YOU. You weren't there, so you can't comment on it. I never asked for advice, and the absolute last thing I wanted to hear was more cookie cutter bullshit. I could date if I wanted to. I just have to go after women I'm not physically or emotionally attracted to. But at that point, it's a job I'm not getting paid for. Oh, and I just might get HPV or herpes in the process. Numbers game, right?
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!
You tell me. Apparently they like the numbers game. So they shouldn't mind it when you've had dozens to hundreds of sexual partners. You said it was a numbers game, not me.
I detest hearing about people calling themselves “Montanan.“ They're normal hicks like anywhere else. They just have this arrogant pride that seems to come only from there.
Get Amazon Prime.
You shouldn't have to clean out a loop more than once a year. My last setup had the same liquid for 14 months, and I only took it apart and cleaned it because I was upgrading. Just use something like EK Cryofuel and it should be fine. One thing about EK GPU blocks, they supposedly leak very slowly. I have one on my rig that I had to put into storage for the time being, and it's lost about 4-6 ounces of liquid in 5 months, much faster than normal. It might be the Primoflex tube I switched over to, but I won't know until I take it apart. Besides the possible problems with the GPU and the yearly servicing, I love it. Even with the radiator fans at 50%, the liquid, CPU and GPU temps stay well within range. Also, you don't need to service it if it doesn't look dirty in the reservoir. Mine had some plastisizer that slowly coated everything, so I switched to Primoflex tubing when I upgraded.
That's because they don't sell weed and whiskey.
Break it down for us. How many different meals can you make with it?
Black don't crack.
600? That's it? I'm at 2000 and I thought that was moderate.
BBQ chicken and mashed potatoes is fit for a king.
It's about 60-40 for me.
She doesn't have a record because Is is destroys everything they touch.
Like Germany when they were being invaded.
One day I put on six pounds from over eating. The next morning I took a three pound shit.
Fires too fast and only has 25 rounds. SMG buffs put UMP nearly on par with the Vector for power. That extra 15 rounds is a no brainier.
If you can't use it, you're a very shitty sniper.
M4 / M24
God damnit that response is in point. Edit: god damnit.
Since the buff they're much closer together.
Then it should have been 28.4.
I could feel them pissing on me for the last decade.
I always wash the machines before and after ejaculating on them.
That's my fetish.
Jokes on you, I didn't go to college.
XXX means poison.
Obviously because you were testing every day.
Guaranteed 6-8 weeks by mule.
It's a Photoshop composite. The officer is from a pic taken when Elian Gonzalez was taken into custody and returned to Cuba. No idea where the background is from.
So if I say “it was me,” I'm in the clear?
Neither did denying it. Maybe she just wanted a man that owns up to his mistakes.
Conservative backlash from the Nazi's attempt to repatriate Argentina. I really have no idea what I'm talking about.
And thank you for the upvote.
Hitler was.
It's harder to make minor adjustments for driving.
But I need the ventilation.
Yo mama so drunk, she's more unstable than the sidecar bike.
2meta4me
Should have used a shorter, round lipped wheel.
I bet overworking yourself doesn't help with anxiety.
Glad you're successful at it. I fail at most things I put my mind to, so I'm stuck doing a lot nothing. It's better than overworking myself and going nowhere.
You handle them with an elephant gun.
I bet that one would go for $2000-4,000.
I'm actually surprised it's that affordable.
That's exactly what a rapist would say.
Stop confusing Bluehole. Let them fix the game first.
Halo CE was available on PC.
When they refuse to region lock the servers, It's impossible to enjoy the game. Not only would it take care of the majority of hackers, it would reduce lag for everyone. I've played 2000 hours. Now I only log on once a week to see if things changed.
Still on PC. Still better than the Xbox version.
Does the museum have it insured? Because in one article the artist said they didn't have insurance
This was already posted to r/bestof, two weeks ago.
Gotta snort some off something...
Maybe that's the joke.
I used fake piss for a job and passed.
What's with the bikes being completely uncontrollable lately?
Just keep trying hard.
It's an outboard motor with a jet drive.
I'm just surprised everyone is so ignorant they equated “outboard” to “prop drive.”
I'm not getting injured over someone else's dog.
Mr. Xi, tear down this firewall.
Dumbass, I didn't crash a bike for 6 months. After one update, I started crashing every single day. Git gud my ass.
For the first 3 months I played, I sucked at operating the bike. Then I changed the pitch control to Page Up/Page Down on my mouse and driving became effortless. Now, if I hit any bump at speed, the bike flips so quick there's no way to recover. There's no “git gud” bullshit involved here. Except for the 6 months I was amazing at the bike.
He even told her to get a receipt.
No idea how guys like Shroud even deal with it. I don't watch him stream anymore, but when I did I was almost on par with his precision, and equal or better than his aerial abilities. I could tell he was still using spacebar for backflipping because he ended up braking at the end of some jumps from pressing it early.
That was fun to watch, but I was already doing the two things he recommended and I still dying.
POTUS would go to Mar-A-Lago.
Bundled with a Walkman.
Drove in from a nasty front end collision? I'm surprised the cooling system held up.
It's a customer option, not something that's limited edition. So even if it is technically rare it doesn't even matter.
What about an 80lb boy?
You smoke it up the butt.
If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a car.
God damn Florida.
Captain Holt.
Insert yourself into the conversation.
Fuck no. Over 2000 hours and I barely play it now.
No.
Bitch only gets two years of probation. That's a pussy pass.
Cativa.
I prefer to leave it slightly cracked while wiping, with my ass facing the opening.
Every player deserves a chance to play FPP.
It was worth playing before they kept fucking everything up with each update. Games are supposed to get better, not worse.
I'd like it if the game wasn't fucking broken.
That was the joke.
They're holding a lucky rabbit's foot.
Beat me to it. Gay minds think alike.
At first I thought I read “phallus.”
I'd remember that stuff too if someone was paying me to design and build it.
Shitty shit post.
Mayhem Aurora and Primochill Vue. /s
But she was looking kinda dumb with her finger and her thumb in the shape of an L on her forehead.
You have nothing to complain about, because you didn't pay full price. SMH my ass.
Balder than my balls.
How about they fix the game first.
They can optimize the models to reduce their polygon count. That would decrease loading times and increase FPS.
Like Siegfried and Roy.
Since they decide to make skins instead of fixing the game, we should get them for free.
I'm assuming the guys who texture wrap are also the ones that do poly modelling. As in, they can lower the polygon count of the obviosly bloated models. (aka optimization)
You pull your sack out until it's taught. But it's still a learned skill. Like grooming a ski slope while there's constant avalanches.
Metric tons are 2200 pounds.
No worries. That one got me for a while too.
They won't be. Every time they finally improve *something*, they slack off for a few months.
Yes, I would. Because it reflects my attitude about the game. When people praise Bluehole for doing the bare minimum, it's infuriating.
Tyler Durden.
You shouldn't hate a particular weapon just because it favors cheaters.
This isn't Facebook. Fuck off with children posts.
So you're saying I can only call out people on YouTube? Fuck the fuck off already.
Wow, you're so edgy with that 17 year old irrelevant reference.
Just because they've done it before doesn't mean it's okay.
Nice reading comprehension. It's a 17 year old irrelevant reference, because it's a 17 year old film, moron.
It could have been retrofitted for a single nuclear weapons. They just never had a reason to do it.
Try using OBS video capture. On occasion, it maxes out my 32gb of RAM.
That's so funny I forgot to laugh.
Usually when I'm solo squadding and I need to hold onto the M249 for the final team.
M4, QBZ, or AUG, with a suppressor and compensator. Although I might drop it if I have an SR suppressor.
Exactly why I hold onto it. I still remember what it was like with the 8x scope.
That's the precise reason I couldn't play Counter-Strike. In fact, I thought it might be a problem, so I carefully opened the box so I could return it, which I did.
The best time to take them is after you get through security at the airport.
I'm going to do what I want. Continue to call out the game on it's obvious flaws.
Must be like playing at a cyber cafe. Except they're speaking the same language.
Tall but not short.
You can't use a gaming rig without AC unless it's winter, or fall and spring in cold climate areas like Canada.
Haven't played in a minute. Is the event pass the only way to play Sanhok?
I think we were freshman roommates.
Ah ah ah, yeah!
It sounds petty, but it's the only way to make them understand.
That happens to me when I played PUBG. I was constantly struggling with smoking while dropping, or driving, or shooting.
Since I don't have a girlfriend, no I fucking don't.
If I was 5'6", would I fit inside your pussy?
Obviously the house means shit. That's the value of the land.
That's what they get for buying a diesel truck. Only people with diesel should be using it strictly for work purposes.
If you want to play third person, just play Fartnite.
Wearing cookout style shirt and shorts? Sounds logical.
It used to be in the states, but that was over 15 years ago.
It was so funny I forgot to laugh.
My longest kill was with an 8x M16 at 850 meters.
Who hurt you?
50,000 bail bond is a pussy pass too.
What?!?!?
I can neither upvote nor downvote.
I wonder how dumb someone has to be to compare the cost of a heli tour to a life flight.
I'd call them squares instead of nerds.
Not even a blind man would like these.
Damn I forgot how delicious that combination is.
That includes 200 hours on the test server. But I didn't start playing until mid July of last year, and stopped playing a month ago. For a few weeks I was even playing at least 14 hours a day.
The dumbest shit I've ever done has been while sober.
I'm sorry, I thought this was America!?!
Security theater.
I think about running people over with my car for the easy points.
Because the mods think this is the official PUBG subreddit.
They keep coming up with reasons to keep me from playing. I stopped about a month ago, after 2000 hours, and see no reason to return. I'll never give Bluehole another dollar in my entire life.
It's like you don't know Reddits true purpose.
No, they should not make a night mode. They'll fuck it up like everything else.
Security Theater 2: Body Scan Boogaloo.
Solo isn't even worth watching. They play it safe so much, if you already know the story, you're not seeing anything new.
70fps eh?
No point in having a 1080ti if it's only at 60hz.
If you didn't know, volcanic ash is primarily made of silica (glass). When it gets sucked in, it melts on the compressor blades and stops the engine.
But they're actually bloodshot. Yesterday I picked up an ounce of weed and 4 grams of wax. California fire sale.
I read it and it's total bullshit. Every replay I've seen has been inaccurate. But I'm supposed to take your word on this one? Grow up and use OBS or Nvidia capture software.
Fucking lol. You can't deal with everyone telling you you're wrong, but I'm the childish one? Grow up kid. Not saying you're lying, I'm saying the replay proves nothing. So all you have is your word, which means nothing as well. And you don't even bother using recording software because of hard drive space? That's your problem, not mine. I'm done, it's obvious you want an argument, because you kept using that word. Maybe I'm also at fault, because I acknowledged your “argument” by responding to it. But I'll say it again, grow up kid.
Fuck off bot, you're making me look bad.
Your submission has zero upvotes. So if only three people disagree, that means only 3 people agreed at most. But it doesn't show negative numbers, so you might not even have a single upvote. And nice back pedaling with the definition. You're fighting with words, but expect me to think you're only attempting to persuade people? God damn hilarious. I take it back, keep talking. I'm loving every second of this shit show.
tl;dr, the casino didn't provide construction workers with restrooms. So they simply urinated on the floor. This time it dripped down to the level beneath and completely covered the car.
1070 is high end?
Get Bluehole off their ass and finish the game. That'll be bring players back.
