And best available year round? Furious.
I'm one of those ex Navy nuke guys, and I'm a generation dispatcher for an ISO. Is describing the job in that much detail a reaction to how you've never met anyone outside of work who even knows we exist? It's a habit for me too.
&gt; max my 401k up to company's matching program; First of all, if I were you, I'd bump this up to $18k/yr, the legal max. It sounds like you have extra money you don't know what to do with, and already max your IRA. &gt; I drive a 12-year old car &gt; I've decided to spend $20K all-in over the next 3 years on a new, leased bmw. I love cars. I love driving them; I love working on them. I don't think that going out and leasing one "just because" is a good idea though. You said you don't live in the city, but how much time do you spend in your car every day? I've had a BMW, and I absolutely understand the appeal of one, but why not go buy a 5-year old one with cash? &gt; save and invest so you can have a lot of money! -- if i fast forward 20 years, won't that advice still be the same? No, because if you do it, you'll have a lot of money, and if you choose, you can live off of investment returns. [If you save 50% of your income, you'll never need to work again after just 17 years.](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/) &gt; When will the advice ever change to SPEND MONEY AND LIVE YOUR LIFE, YOU IGNORAMUS? Here, on this sub? Probably never. You absolutely should spend a little on fun things. But going out and purposefully making poor financial decisions just because you never have before? Why would you do that? &gt; I often feel guilty when I do buy something (e.g. I bought a $1,200 watch for my mom's 60th birthday, which she loves &amp; wears every day, but even now I feel a bit guilty spending that much on something, even if it is for my mom (stingy much?)). Honestly, that's ok. I wouldn't call you stingy at all. What can a $1200 watch do that a $200 watch can't do? &gt; I hate that people are brainwashed into saving for the future, but then when the future comes and they're "financially independent" -- they're still shackled and bound. I'm confused by this. What are they shackled and bound by? If you have enough money that you can live comfortably until you die, you can do whatever you want, no shackles. If you dont, by the time you want to retire, it simply means you haven't been saving enough. &gt; I'd rather live better when I'm young and cut back when I'm old tired and useless to society. Why do you have to retire when you're old and tired? I will retire when I'm 45. Check out /r/financialindependence.
&gt; 1. Improve current home- The home we live in needs a lot of work. What kind of work does it need? You've been able to live in it for four years already, it sounds like it's in a liveable condition and not falling apart or unsafe. Personally, I'd put the $100k towards your mortgage (or, any debt with a higher interest rate than it first). How much do you owe on your current house? If you then continue to make normal payments and invest for school as you had originally planned, you'll meet your goals much sooner. *Then* do your renovations if you still want to.
If anything, I personally think you should spend a *smaller* percentage on rent as your income increases. The law of diminishing returns applies to your apartment as much as it does to the rest of your life. If you got a job tomorrow that doubled your paycheck, would you go out as soon as your lease is up and double your rent?
&gt; "starter" checks below 500 That's crazy. I write ~2 checks a month, and I imagine most people write that many or less, for rent and one bill that for some reason won't get on board with the newfangled internet contraption. At that rate, it would take me 20 years to go through 500 checks.
&gt; maybe I am just to selfish to see otherwise. That's my gut reaction, honestly. &gt; my parents have decided that it is time for me to start paying rent. It's your choice. Do you want to pay your parents $400/month, or take a chance trying to live on your own? Do you contribute to paying the utilities? On your own, you're looking at (on top of rent) another few hundred for electricity, gas, water, sewer, trash, cell phone, internet, etc, etc. &gt; paying $400 dollars of rent each month takes a large portion of my salary. is it over 30%, after taxes? If so, maybe you need to talk to them about lowering it, but if not, it's completely fair. &gt; IMO the ideal situation would be to convince them that it is not good for either of us if I pay rent But this simply isn't true. It would not be good for them if you stopped paying. Not only that, but they paid for your education.
&gt; It is livable and not unsafe. If I can make a suggestion: Throw up a coat of paint, for now. I bought a house with all original fixtures and decoration from 1977, except some new appliances. We originally wanted to do a lot work, but just painting every room more modern colors and painting all the trim and doors white has changed the whole feel of the house, and now it feels like we can wait a long time before we might want to do more major work. Maybe $250 total on paint and supplies? I'd do this first, and see if you feel like you need to do more. I also updated the light fixtures, ceiling fans, and outlets/switches, but that was only another $300 or so. Spend $500 before you make a decision on what to do with $100k.
Wait, your head would grow back? Would that form a new consciousness? Wouldn't your body grow back from your head?
I'm not pro-life either, but those people make me irrationally angry for another reason: If I honestly believed that abortion was the actual murder of babies, and it was being conducted on the scale that it is, I wouldn't stop at lame protests in front of womens' health centers. I would be doing everything in my power to get it to stop. I don't think most people on that side of the issue actually believe what they're spewing.
Interestingly enough, the Navy has an Undersea Warfare Center in Hawthorne, Nevada.
Good on you. I would have been way more passive aggressive about it. Every time I see her car parked in the spot, I'd take a picture, time stamp it, and attach it to a Reply All.
&gt; Well you will need to make more than 35k to retire young. While I agree with that, he did specifically say: &gt; I'd like to retire by 60/65 That's not young. The whole range of those ages is above when you can make withdrawals from tax-advantaged accounts, and the age when you can begin receiving social security benefits is right in the middle. Two fairly common retirement standards.
&gt; I budgeted to contribute 10% to a 401k Your retirement was not funded "just fine". At only a 10% contribution, you'll have to work for at least 51 years from when you begin it. Good luck!
&gt; Assuming a 5% salary increase yearly This is counting your chickens before they hatch. Your salary could plateau, or even go down. Also, accounting for salary increases means you'll have to work even further if you maintain the same investment rate, as your spending will go up, and you'll need to finds to cover it in retirement.
That's oddly specific.
To all of you crying about "stolen valor": [The law amends the federal criminal code to make it a crime for a person to fraudulently claim having received any of a series of particular military decorations and awards with the intention of obtaining money, property, or other tangible benefit from convincing someone that he or she rightfully did receive that award.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stolen_Valor_Act_of_2013#Provisions.2FElements_of_the_bill) There are no medals/ribbons on the BDUs. Even if there were, this person is not benefiting from them in any way. Also, The BDU is a phased out uniform. This person is a civilian. Maybe one with no tact or class, but a civilian nonetheless. This person can wear whatever the hell she wants, and you, the military member, are defending her right to do so. You can tell her not to wear it until you're blue in the face, and she is perfectly capable of telling you to fuck right off. It's not worth your time to even worry about it, much less complain about it on the internet.
Where he goes for his first tour will depend highly on his rate. Many folks don't even get stationed overseas on their first tour, and some people never get stationed overseas at all. I can't speak for the surface or air communities, but in submarines, your sea tours are limited to seven bases, five of which are in the mainland US. Two of them are technically overseas, but both Guam and Hawaii are accompanied, if I'm not mistaken. In fact, if you're a missile tech, you're limited to exactly two bases, both in CONUS. But, for example, if you're a surface YN, HM, LS, etc, you can go literally anywhere, and aren't even limited to Navy bases.
&gt; What is my next move? Depends on your goals and how far away they are. Maybe your company will help paying for your Masters? When do you think you'll have those kids? Maybe a house? Retirement? The first thing I'd recommend you do is take a look at [this article](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/01/13/the-shockingly-simple-math-behind-early-retirement/). Not because you're necessarily thinking about retiring early, but look at the lower percentages on the chart and see how long you'll have to work. From the day you start investing for retirement, not from the day you start working. You're doing great, honestly. but I do have a problem with: &gt; neither of us has it in mind to start off our marriage in debt &gt; I have a car payment of $550/mo You're in debt now! Are you planning on paying off the car before you get married? It's not a monthly bill, it's a large amount of money you owe someone else. What is the interest rate, and how much do you owe?
But, those people making $60k gross are paying income taxes, likely have other benefits, and likely are making ~45k net. Then they have a rent or mortgage that takes up a large portion of their pay.
&gt; when he does need a million dollar house? When will anyone "need" a million dollar house?
"Want" is an appropriate word here.
You don't "need" to be a homeowner. Neither does OP, neither do I, and neither does anyone else.
http://xkcd.com/386/ No worries, man.
An Australian moving overseas doesn't have to move to the US.
[test post please ignore](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/92dd8/test_post_please_ignore/) /r/test
Hey, no worries. I upwoted you anyway. You can't tell me what to do.
Wait, are you an old man now? Because if not, you have a bunch of seasons to watch between now and then.
I'm not really from anywhere.
How is this enforced? I'm not asking just to be a dick. It makes sense because a retired person still receives pay and benefits, but unless the retired person still works for the military as a civilian, who issues punishment if they violate the UCMJ, unless they *also* break the law and end up in civilian court?
But, it gets *better* after ORSE, right? Wait, you mean everyone *lied* to me?
Have you asked over in /r/sailing [Edit] or /r/tattoos? Most nautical tattoos aren't Navy-specific; maybe someone over there has a good reference for you.
&gt; Well the doors were locked So, hold on. You showed up at a government office, after hours, to locked doors, while the folks inside were obviously getting ready to go home, and you expect the folks to be welcoming and courteous to you while you showed them no respect at all? Good luck in the Army. Or, you can fix your attitude and come back during normal working hours.
But then how is my left-hand side different from your left-hand side?
&gt; There's nothing in the world stopping us from taking the temperature of absolute zero in Fahrenheit, calling that 0 degrees on the Trumbley scale or whatever, and making exactly the same claim about Fahrenheit being pegged to absolute zero. They did this a long time ago. It's called the [Rankine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rankine_scale) scale.
I think cloth diapers are great! Just to play devils advocate, though: With two kids in cloth, our water usage is about double what it would be without them. Washing machines use a *ton* of water.
&gt; regardless of income, comparing oneself to others results in misery. I am also 27. I got to be where I am because I was very very lucky in a few key decisions. It also helps that, while I may not be the most hard-working guy out there, I am extremely diciplined, and I'm willing to do things that other people are not. When I was 18, I had no idea what I wanted to, so I joined the Navy. They threw a ton of money at me to become a nuclear operator. That was piece of luck number one. I didn't know it then, but nuclear experience in the navy opens up some seriously well paying jobs in the future. I hated it. I hated nuclear power; I hated submarines; I hated shaving every day. From about day three of boot camp, I knew there was nothing I wanted more than to get out. But I also knew that I had signed a contract, and I was going to stick to my word no matter what. Dicipline. When I was getting out, I came home from a deployment and had about a week to find a new job. But I found one in that time, because I was willing to move across the country and work rotating 12-hour shifts at a chemical plant. Willingness to do what others are not. While I was there, there was a chemical spill while I was not on shift. The shift manager didn't want folks going to the hospital to get checked out and wanted to cover it up. I decided I wanted no part in a company that would treat its employees that way. Luck, sort of. So I got back into power production, on the grid operations side. I actually had enough time to look for a job and pick one I wanted, the chemical company didn't know I was leaving. The power company sold their power plants, and left my department with nothing to operate. We were all downsized, and received severances worth 1/3 year's salary. Bad luck, you might say, but: I got a new job, and moved again (willingness to do what others are not) to dispatch the electric grid itself. This put me where I am today. I still work rotating 12 hour shifts. But now I make $85k with no degree. It's been a long road to get here. You think you're stressed? Imagine being 20 and placed in control of a nuclear reactor, several hundred feet underwater. Make a few wrong moves, 160 people die. Try being laid off when you have a child with congenital heart defects, who is scheduled for her second open heart surgery two weeks later, and your second kid on the way. Do you know what it's like to think to yourself "I may not be able to support my family soon; *I am a failure as a father and a husband*"? I'm not trying to say you could have it worse (or that I have it worse than you); I hate people who do that. I just think that money isn't everything. Those people you look at and make tons of money, I bet they have problems of their own, and are looking right back at you thinking "I wish my life was so simple." A friend of mine from the service makes double what I make, but he never sees his kids. He's on the road 200+ days a year. Another friend makes nearly 3x what I make, but he works on an oil rig in the Middle East. I often catch myself thinking "man, If I didn't have a family, That's what I'd be doing!" but then I realize that I wouldn't have my family. **TL;DR:** Don't worry about it.
Take all the uneasiness away with a semi-joke: "Thank you for your tax money."
I got out a few years ago. I wear my NWU pants for camping and doing dirty yard work. Sometimes I even go to the bank in them! The horror! What are you going to do about it, OP?
Stand by for what? It's not like they can make him go get divorced.
That shouldn't be a problem if you're "really rich" as OP says.
Not if you get an FHA loan, which most people who put less than 20% do.
Yes, you can refinance, but as of April 2013, lenders are no longer required to simply drop PMI when you reach any amount if equity. There are other types of loans that do not require 20% down, and these can have the PMI removed eventually, just not FHA.
The ones with raised pieces are better at hiding scratches. If your job involves climbing around on stuff for maintenance, or squeezing in tight spaces, you'd need a new plain buckle fairly often.
Why not both?
Have you looked at IKEA?
You have been cut off from that wealth, first things first, you need to adjust your attitude and your idea of what you *need*. $50k is a lot of money, in that, if you really wanted to, you could be very frugal and live for a year or two. You were driving in a CTS, and your parents could afford to give you the cash, so I'm going to assume you don't know how to live like us "po' folk". So, let's first pretend the money doesn't exist. Your best option is to join the military. You have no education and extremely minimal minimum-wage experience. You will probably not be able to find a job that will pay you a living wage. That isn't going to be the case 100% of the time, but I guarantee you're not going to like doing what will pay you enough. Dirty, dangerous labor, odd shifts, etc. Go see a recruiter. You'll need to take a test known as the ASVAB, and when you find out what you're qualified for and decide what you want to do, there will likely be a time you'll need to wait before you can go off to basic. This is where the $50k comes in. Find an apartment. Actually, preferably, find roomates. You want the cheapest place you can find, here. Buy a cheap car with cash, unless you live in a city with good public transportation. And then, honestly, if I were you, I'd just wait til my ship date. Don't blow that money. Maybe buy some used furniture if it's a long wait period. Hang out, pay your bills, spend time with your friends. Once you're in and receiving paychecks, ask this question again. "What do I do with the rest of this $50k?"
&gt; MSU ROTC No, at this point, you need to go enlisted. If one branch won't take you, try the others.
Not necessarily. Who told you that?
A cadet? Bud, you need to go talk to someone whose actual job is to put people in the service. Not someone who is going to school to eventually be there.
&gt; Did you read I'm going to be straight with you. Take my advice, or leave it, but that attitude will get you *nowhere*. This is *exactly* what I meant by: &gt; you need to adjust your attitude I've known many people like you in the past, and I've watched as each one of the made the same mistake. You've admitted you were spoiled. Now you're being kicked out; you *need* to drop that bullshit attitude *right now*. You are the bottom of the food chain, somewhere you have never been before and never imagined you'd be. You need to start acting like it. &gt; so I called the Army &gt; I was a 15 year old First, you need to go in, in person. No recruiter wants to talk to 15 year old, because they have a quota to meet, and you won't join until after they've got new orders. It wasn't worth their time to talk to you. Now you're old enough. Make it worth their time; prove you want it. And again: &gt; If one branch won't take you, try the others.
I have a serious question that nobody ever seems to consider: What makes a house a "starter"? If you took away that connotation, which one would you want?
What was the rate before, how much time was remaining?
What if your income doesn't increase?
Wouldn't that mean that what you once thought of as "starter" now just is "forever"?
Including airfare from North America?
To be fair, we *do* have advertising on American MLS uniforms. It wouldn't surprise me one bit if the NFL started advertising on uniforms too. I mean, they kind of do already, for Nike...
It depends on where he (and you?) works, how long you're willing to commute, and what you consider a "decent suburb". I moved up here from Houston last July. If you're used to the kind of commute I was doing down there, 45min+ one way, the commutes here are a breeze. I bought my house, so I'm no expert on rentals around here, but I'd say you're looking at about 1.25-1.5x the cost for something equal, but houses are a little smaller here in general. Also keep in mind, gas is more expensive, food is a *little* more expensive, but there's no tax on a few things, like clothing. Also, that brings up another point, get ready for state income tax.
You know, one day I might get an STI. The same way some older guys finally get their Corvette in their 50s. But for now, I'm perfectly content with my Legacy and Outback. I have two kids in car seats. I know what it's like to have a carseat in a smaller car, too, and no thanks. Can you fit a trip's worth of camping gear in your WRX? Enough to entertain those kids? It probably won't be fun making a few hour drive with all of it. That's what the Outback was *designed* for. Ground clearance FTW.
I would turn the $100k I found in to the cops, of course.
I'll file that away with other fun lies, like "It gets better after ORSE".
Oh, I know. I dispatch the power grid too. It was just a running joke with all the lifers I knew.
You have a combined income of $95k, however, your lower income earner only makes $40k. This means, if you were to lose your job, it would be very difficult to make your mortgage payments. You already have too much house. Not only that, but your debt is greater than a full year's income for your lower income earner. You have four bedrooms. You/husband in room 1, Grandma in room 2, I'm confused why you'd need more than two more bedrooms rooms, if you have two kids. Even if you wanted a spare room to use as an office, playroom, etc, you'd just put the two kids in the same room. You're just not in a financial position to do either right now.
&gt; You can't put your full base pay into your TSP - the contribution limit is $18,000 a year. But he can put 100% in until he hits $18k this year, he still has 6 months to do it. Once he hits $18k, return the contribution percentage to 0% until January, then repeat until he has as little as he wants in his emergency fund.
Why $2m, and do you mean $2m in today's dollars, or in 2050 dollars?
All of the brackets seem a little low.
A large portion of the local population is made up of retirees who don't switch teams when they move there. Also, those older folks don't reddit much, and when they do, it's not on an NFL related sub.
The news about their new [long snapper](http://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/2ydxhc/titans_agree_to_5_year_deal_with_long_snapper/) got everyone excited.
I don't think everybody knows this.
I imagine doing [this](http://www.cockeyed.com/pranks/ikea_party/ikea02.shtml), but all night.
I am actually interested in how people come up with the number they need to retire. Most people say quite a bit more; some people, like most in /r/financialindependence say less. I'm in the camp that says you need ~25x your annual expenses to quit for good, but by 2050 that number could easily be $2m with inflation.
Hymen jokes are funny and all, but does he really need two boats named after him? 709 and planned 795. I don't think anyone else has ever had two, unless you count George Washington getting confused with Washington state. [Edit] Ok, so I went and looked it up. George Washington has, unsurprisingly, had several ships named after him. I still don't think anyone other than he or Rickover have had more than one though.
And on the opposite end of the spectrum, if you go to a ballistic missile submarine and stay on that platform, you may do 20 years with two rows. Unless you're a cook.
Hostels are cheap. If you travel by train, do it at night. Sleep on the train, one less hotel stay, and you wake up in a new city. Don't spend your time in tourist traps. Living in Europe isn't actually *that* expensive.
It depends on your other obligations. If you don't really care to spend too much time with other people, working nights is amazing. Get your body used to the new schedule, and there are perks galore. Do your grocery shopping at 24 hour stores in the wee hours of the morning? Nobody is there, no lines. Doctors and other appointments? Schedule them for first thing in the AM. Almost no waiting because they're not behind schedule yet. And you don't have to burn vacation time to do it! One of my favorite things to do is get off work in the morning, and sit on my front porch, drinking my after-shift beer, while I watch people drive in inevitable traffic to their 9-5.
I was always that kid. If you have to teach to the lowest common denominator, there's always going to be that kid. See, the History channel used to be about History, and the Discovery channel used to be about science. My parents love museums and traveling. I love reading, and read for fun more in a month than I was assigned to read for work in a year. I learned so much more outside of school than I ever did in class. My solution for you is to challenge them more. If one of your attention seeking smart kids who always has their hand up gets something wrong, have the goof *correct* them. That would have motivated me. You know they know the answer, but they just aren't motivated by attention.
But that's how real life works. Show up on time, go through the motions of your job, get your paycheck.
Sounds like the course should just be offered in a one weekend format then. Or even better, you should be able to test out at the beginning of the year. If you already know the information, why sit through it at the pace of the slowest learner?
I don't think I could do long stretches of nights only, for that very reason. I do rotating shifts now, and it's a good mix of days with real work, nights with minimal work, and more time off than most people. Most of my days off aren't weekends. It makes coordinating visiting family and things like that a challenge, but if I want to go to the beach or some other touristy thing, it's not crowded.
Definitely my job. But I'd also estimate 90% of white collar work is the same. A good portion of blue collar work is, too. If you show up on time and ready to work, you're already head and shoulders above the competition.
I'd recommend buying a digital OTA antenna. &gt; news in the am, and your reg nightly lineup Depending on where you live, you can get the major channels CBS, ABC, NBC, FOX, etc.
Sounds like free money, then. "Here, I'll pay you to hang out at my house for a few hours."
Put a backslash in front of your pound sign, like this: \\#2 The pound sign is formatting for #big bold text.
&gt; For example, rack vs. rake Why not rack vs. rak? That would sound the same, phonetically.
It is for me, but I'm on IE at work. I don't think all of the mobile apps do it.
Probably 45 days restriction, 1/2 pay for 45 days.
Do you have a frame for your DD-214 yet?
It doesn't really work like that. If you fail any one of the portions, you fail the whole thing. /u/SCShouter just didn't fail any parts. Not really a big deal. If you address anyone as Sailor out in the real world, you're going to have a really bad time.
While I agree with your sentiment, I have a few problems with your math. First, you can make it *to* but not *past* 20 as an E6. I also wouldn't be seriously surprised if I saw a 24-year O5. So, realistically, you're looking at a range of $21-36k (enlisted) or $44-60k (officer). If you're looking at the range of only 20-24 years, that is. Next, your assumption that you max your TSP every year. The max is $18k this year. The vast majority of servicemembers, especially enlisted, either can't or won't put away $750 per month. I can only afford to do so now, *after I got out*. There's no way I would, or even could, have put 100% of my E-3 paycheck into the TSP when I had first joined. I do agree about the lifecycle fund,and that the amounts *are* possible if you max it, I'm just saying most people aren't in a position to do it. &gt; a lifetime annuity of 35k it would cost roughly 7.5 million dollars But enough to draw your figure of $30-40k only requires $750k-1m in an index fund, if you follow the 4% safe withdrawl rule. You're off by an order of magnitude on the low end. I think you might enjoy /r/financialindependence, if you haven't checked it out. &gt; At age 65 you are pulling down 110k per year not doing a damn thing. I absolutely agree, but to counter, I'm at age 27, and I already make almost that amount, and my job isn't really that stressful. In fact, when I work nights, I already just sit on my ass for most of my shift. I can actually afford to max my 401(k) and an IRA, *and still have extra to pay my mortgage very quickly*, and I will have enough to retire when I am 45. The guys who stay in to 20 and don't save anything will be just starting out their second careers at that time in their lives.
&gt; you will be a millionaire Caveat: *at traditional retirement age*. You don't just suddenly become one.
Let me preface this by saying that my dad and father-in-law did 30 years (each!) in the Air Force, and are both retired CMSGTs (E9). I hold absolutely no ill-will towards lifers. I originally planned to do the same. &gt; why do I keep hearing this from senior enlisted? Because it's all they know. Consider the life of your *average* senior enlisted. Join at 18 with maybe a part time high school job as their only work experience. Enjoys their job enough (or got themselves in a poor financial position where they feel the *need*) to re-enlist multiple times. Throughout their career, the idea gets reenforced that getting a job on the outside is hard (it's not!). It becomes an echo chamber with other senior enlisted. "Already did 10, you're halfway there" is a common sentiment. For most, that's after reenlisting only twice. Even if they don't enjoy their job anymore (or their financial situation is better), the sunk cost fallacy takes over. Not with money, but their time, years of their life they can't get back. Might as well get a retirement, right? I believe you should re-enlist only if you can't imagine yourself doing any other job, ever. Some people love the military *that* much, my dad included. Good for them! Seriously, we need guys who fucking live for this shit. But you know what, for the majority of us, that's just not the case.
&gt; How long you're likely to live. If you have enough to live off the returns and never touch the principle (say, withdraw 3-4% per year while it earns an inflation adjusteed 7%), this shouldn't matter. If your portfolio will last you 30 years, there's a 99.9% chance it will last you forever. &gt; Future interest rates. Do you mean, in the way that interest rates are loosely correlated with market performance? I don't have any interest-bearing accounts for retirement, it will be market returns and dividends, and possibly rent of a property. &gt; Future inflation. That's fair, but that's why retirement numbers are generally talked about in today's dollars. Nobody can tell you for sure what $1m today will be worth in 20-40 years.
Whoa, don't just throw that around like it's nothing. Do your *research*, find out if you *really* want to be a submariner first. We don't need people in the sub force who don't want to be there.
That was my thought, too. We're going to see a lot of male MTs going to mast for sexual harassment soon (both real *and* falsely reported), and there's no way around it.
Supply officer is, hands down, the *best* job on a submarine.
&gt; the reason people say do twenty is because it is an almost certain free ride to financial independence. Absolutely. But only if you know what you're doing, have a plan from the get-go, and follow through all the way. If I could go back in time and do it all over again, I would pick a rate I enjoy instead of one that threw a large bonus at me, vastly raise my TSP contributions, and buy a beater car with cash. My net worth would be somewhere around $100k higher than it is now, and I'd stay in for at least 20. But that's with the financial knowledge I have *now*. I didn't know anything about this stuff at 18. Actually, if I were to go back to 2007 again with my current knowledge, I'd eat ramen and invest everything I could in AAPL, TSLA, and bitcoins, and that $100k figure above would be laughably small. I'd be retired *now*. But that's beside the point entirely.
[/r/outoftheloop](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/35l896/if_you_had_365_days_to_eat_a_standard_wooden_door/)
$0, by not panicking. In fact, I bought even more shares because they were on sale.
Cars are not investments. They are depreciating consumer goods.
&gt; I can only pay up to 6k up front right now There's your answer. $6k.
Marketing? Have you looked into utility companies? Power is bought and sold on the electric grid in real time, 24/7. Almost every power company I've ever heard of has shiftwork marketers.
What was the ROI on the last car you sold?
Totally off the wall idea: Work from home for clients in Australia?
The Air Force *almost* got something close to what the Navy ended up with.
But, if you are 90, are you still worried about your principle lasting forever?
I know a guy who had a waiver for having too many waivers. A Too-Many-Waivers Waiver. I am completely serious.
IRRs don't ever have any reason whatsoever to be in uniform.
Your recruiter lied to you. To be fair, if your recruiter wasn't a nuke, they probably didn't know. What actually happens is, in boot camp, you're asked to list the three rates in order of preference. You actually get the rate that fits best with your line scores and needs of the Navy, but if your scores make you an equal fit for two rates, the preference sheet is used as a tiebreaker. I only know this because the boot camp nuke coordinator who gave me my rate ended up as a Chief on my boat, and we had some pretty in-depth conversations about the process. &gt; are you happy with EM? Overall, it's ok. I might be a little biased, but I think it's the best nuclear rate. I think most EMs agree with me, and it shows in our lower re-enlistment bonuses and advancement rate than other nukes. Don't get me wrong, as nukes we're lucky to have some of the highest bonuses in the service, and I've known more than one 7-year EMC. *For me*, If I could cross-rate to conventional EM and go to a the surface small boy community, I would stay in until they force me out as a 30-year EMCM.
I guarantee you it's not too expensive to live off base. You're paying 100% of your BAH to live in base housing. I lived in Tracyton (A nice little area of East Bremerton, really) for 70% of my BAH. This was in a single family 2 br house with a nice yard. You can find deals if you look hard enough. Then again, I was an E5 when I was there, not sure about your situation.
What is your income, and what are your other bills?
[This is the Zillow page for the real house 308 Negra Arroyo Lane was based on.](http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/3828-Piermont-Dr-NE-Albuquerque-NM-87111/6776276_zpid/) That doesn't seem too outlandish for a two income household in Albuquerque, honestly.
Going by /u/cvlrymedic's list, [here's what they'd look like not faded](http://i.imgur.com/Hzq44EX.png).
I guess it could be more purple, but it looks right on my screen. Also, did you mean [this one](http://www.medalsofamerica.com/Galleria/2/f058-Large.jpg)? Looks light blue to me.
It sounds like you need a new job. You can have the job you want, if you don't care where you live. You can live where you want, if you don't care what you do. It's time for you to move.
&gt; it is "only" one CSG I think you're underestimating a CSG, especially a modern one.
48? A modern CSG has up to nine squadrons, typically containing ~20 aircraft each. Given, some of these will be electronic jamming planes (EA-6 variants) and other planes, you're still looking at 100+ fighters. A modern CSG is going to show up with a cruiser or two, two or three destroyers, and a fast attack submarine or two. *All of these* are equipped with Tomahawks and other long-range guided missiles. Oh, by the way, who supplies the Marines? The Navy. Who heals the wounded marines? Navy doctors and corpsmen. Who provides spiritual counseling when the marines just can't handle their overwhelming loss? Navy chaplains.
I can only speak to generalities. I've never met a conventional EM in person. Electrical theory is the same, and motor/generator maintenance schedules are probably similar, but that's about it.
&gt; Develop and field test a new flame-resistant coverall this year that could resemble the Coast Guard working uniform. A. They should have done this decades ago. B. Why does it need "developing" or "field testing"? Those have *already* been done. You know, by the Coast Guard.
&gt; if i have to pay to be able to see her everyday to me its worth it. I'm married; I understand the sentiment. I wasn't married in A school, so I'd have to defer on this one and hope you get an answer. **BUT** If you can't handle a few months apart at school where you have access to cell phones and internet *every day*, how will you handle a deployment? You might want to think about that.
You think there aren't any fires on CG cutters?
You know who *really really* cares about dryer fires? Is it the cranks/cooks who don't check pockets and let plastic pens fall out and melt on the heaters? No. Is the MTs who run the dryer for 24 straight hours without a break to cool down, or even cleaning the lint trap, on their laundry day? No. Is it the Shower Techs with their excessively fluffy and linty towels? No. It's E-div, the guys who you call to fix the one and only dryer after the rest of the crew treats it like shit and it catches on fire. And as an electrician, I'll tell you the lint from coveralls is *nothing* compared to the other crap I've found melted/burned/otherwise stuck to the dryer heaters.
I'm not saying don't do it. I really do hope someone who knows the answer will tell him. I'm just saying if they're worried about a short period like A school, it's something they need to think about as a couple for the long run. Deployments are rough on relationships.
Or just change the rules so you can wear any uniform anywhere, just like all the other services. Why is that so hard?
Seriously? So if I want to surprise my wife with some flowers on the way home, I'm SOL if I don't bring civvies and change on the pier? What if I want to get my groceries or get my kid a birthday present without stopping at home first? Those are things that everyone in all branches can do, but us.
I love how they specify you can wear your underwear with your civvies.
If it has a wire going to it, it's E-div's problem. Doesn't really matter if it's our equipment or even an electrical system.
Just because you did something somewhere else a specific way doesn't make that the right way.
That's a fair point. I'd also concede that there's probably not much of a reason to wear anything other than dress uniforms or civvies off base *overseas*. That's not really a good enough reason to completely disallow something in the uniform regs, though. Command instructions should be able to take care of it if necessary.
You'll make a great nuke with that healthy sarcastic wit.
It's a mean average, skewed by people with very high incomes. It also takes into account increased housing costs that not everyone has, daycare that not everyone uses, bigger, more expensive cars that not everyone buys or needs, etc.
Also, keep in mind that good ≠ expensive. All car seats have to meet the same safety standards.
I got out of the Navy 2 years ago. Terminal leave *and* a paycheck? As awesome as it is, I'd pretend I wasn't getting paid by the Navy anymore, if I were you, and sock that extra cash away. &gt; I do have debt I just didn't list it Actually, no, scratch that. Pay off that debt with the extra cash! &gt; I plan on having that up to around $6-8 by the years end. Ok, a little quick math (starting with $2k, now) says you're saving ~$1000-1300 per month. &gt; Within the next 12 months: Taking a vacation to Europe That's doable. If you're smart, the plane tickets are the most expensive part of a trip to Europe. Are you going to be going somewhere specific, or backpacking for a few weeks, or something else? I'd recommend keeping it on the cheap if you want to meet your next goals. &gt; Within the next 18 months: Purchasing a new car Depending on how much you spend on your vacation, I'd imagine in this timeframe you'll have enough to pay for an awesome used car with cash. Let's say you spend $5k in Europe. 18 months from now, at your savings rate, you'll have $15-19k. That's enough for a very solid emergency fund *and* a ~5 year old &lt;75k mile car! Within the next 36 months: Purchasing a house This one, I'm not sure about unless you ramp up your savings rate. I might prove myself wrong with math though, so here goes: You want to purchase a house that costs less than 3x your gross income, and put 20% down. Yes, I know you can get a VA loan, but you still want a solid downpayment. First, can you even find a suitable house in the DC area for $186k? I don't know, as I've never lived there. Next, will you have $37.2k to put down on it? [$2k (now) + {36 months * $1.33k} (savings rate) - $5k (vacation) - $5k (car)] = $38k. You'll be barely scraping it, with almost nothing left over to pay closing costs or other expenses, and no emergency fund. I'd highly advise against it. Save for a little more time, or raise your savings rate, and you should be good to go though. &gt;My company offers a 401K match of 100% of the first 6% of my pay. Make sure you are contributing *at least* 6% to your 401(k). Not doing so is essentially telling your company that you don't want the free money they're offering you. Normally, I'd recommend more, but you have some well defined short term goals. Stick it at 6%. &gt; I do have a TSP but there is only about $3000 in there. Hey, no worries, that's about what I had in mine when I got out, too. The Navy doesn't really do a good job of teaching you about it, IMO. &gt;I planned on taking the cash out since the fee is very very small. Eh, I wouldn't (and didn't). If the money isn't there already, move it to the L2050. It's a target date retirement/index that you don't have to think about. Keep the TSP account open; the expense ratios are the lowest in the business, and you can roll 401(k)s and IRAs into it, in the future. No reason to deny your future self that option.
&gt; I never really took much time off in the Navy. I know that feeling. Use-or-lose blows, especially when your command's optempo doesn't support the "use" option. &gt; I really do plan on leasing again You have a lot of time between now and when you want your next car. I'd do some research on leases. Just a search here on [/r/pf](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance) will bring up tons of information on why it's financially not a good idea. It's really only useful if you have to be flashy and have a new car to entertain business clients. Otherewise, it's a serious money losing deal. &gt; So you're saying I should just let my TSP go after putting it into the L2050 and checking on it again in 34 years? To an extent, yes. The vast majority of good investing is "set it and forget it". &gt; I just always figured it would do much better if it were in a 401k/IRA It's basically the same thing. It's one type of tax-deferred account. It just costs you less to keep your money there than even the cheaper (Vanguard, etc) IRA options. &gt; or used to pay down some debt. You have to pay a 10% penalty to take the money out before retirement age, unless you do an IRA rollover. Your call, but if I remember correctly, doing this after you've left the service closes your account.
&gt; You do not know anbody because ~~it is not a thing~~ nobody talks about it. Most nukes are fed up and 6 (or 8) and out, or stick it out for a career. Once a Nuke always a Nuke (in the Active Duty Navy). FTFY. -EM1(SS)
Shore power on a boomer is the tits though. On the way home you go topside before everyone else, wrench open the shore power trunks, and have a cigar while you wait for the boat to tie up. Sure, you're still there for the shutdown *long* after the coners have left, but that hour or so on the way home is the only real relaxing peace you get; you might as well enjoy it.
&gt; judging by Facebook Hey, remember that for most people, Facebook is like a highlight reel or a best of. Maybe it's awkward contacting the mom, but at 15, I'd imagine your daughter has her own account? Why not just send her a message or something?
&gt; How low-rent does somebody have to be to look at a $35K/year salary and think that's gold-digging material? That's looking at someone fairly new. E-3 or 4 with less than 4 years in. That pay never takes a cut. It is guaranteed to go up with time. Stick around with this guy for 10 years, and if he makes a career and gets a retirement, you get *half* even if you divorce. And military retirement pay, even for a 20-year E-6, is nothing to sneeze at.
[/r/personalfinance FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/faq).
For a professional athlete? I've seen people who make 3% of his paycheck buy bigger houses than that. Usually by going into much more debt than they can afford, but still...
Given that the $1.25M house is only 14% of a year's pay for the guy, I'd call that not only reasonable but downright frugal, compared to others making the same kind of money. Not compared to you and me, of course. 14% of my salary wouldn't even get me a decent used mobile home, let alone land to put it on.
But your grandkids though. To be honest, I'm fairly jaded about my dad's time in the service, because I lived with him for two thirds of it. But my grandpa's stories were STFU-and-listen style riveting. It also helps that he was in Korea and Vietnam though.
That's a load of crap. They just don't want to do the paperwork.
I agree, but we both know how selection processes for this kind of thing go. The right way to be to have interviews with a board made of sub-qual'd Chiefs, PO1s, and (IMO) senior JOs. The people who interact daily with the whole crew top to bottom, and have a feel for whether they fit in or not. But I bet they looked at qual dates and evals, and *maybe* had interviews with COs and COBs. Not even an EDMC because they're all coners. I mean, on the plus side, it's going to be a race to be the first enlisted woman with fish. But after that?
Yep. I've bought a "forever home" twice, and I'm only 27. It helps that I lived in a low, and moved to a medium, COL area, and have a less expensive idea of what it takes to call it "forever", but still...
I wish I could agree completely with this. The problem is, that's not helping the kid to learn how the world works. Your job/team/partner need results. You can put all the effort in the world into something and still fail or lose. Fail enough times at work, get fired. Fail enough times at your marriage? Divorce. Sometimes, this is because of lack of effort, but not always.
The oldest continually operating one, yes.
Thank you for your taxes.
I've only seen a HM2 IDC *once*. I'm pretty sure you have to be a fairly hot running and senior corpsman to even attempt to be an IDC.
&gt; If you got a 96 ASVAB you would probably hate your life as a deck seaman. To be completely fair here, The only rate I really wanted was BM. I joined the *Navy* to be a *Sailor*. If I didn't want to sail a ship, I would have joined the Air Force, I thought. *I would have loved the hell out of being a BM* or QM, now that I think of it. Then I took the ASVAB, and my recruiter threw more money at me than my 18-year-old eyes had ever seen to become a nuke. I am the textbook example of "do the job you want, not the one your recruiter says you might like". Had I taken the job I actually wanted, I'd make the Navy a career.
&gt; I'm ineligible for the rates that require TS Are you sure she meant TS, as in Top Secret Clearance? I can tell you for a fact that it is in no way required to be a nuke. There is a very small subset of nuke jobs that require one, most of which are guys who work in the USS Jimmy Carter. You do need a Secret to get on an SSBN, although I don't think that's the case for a fast boat [Edit: it is! Thanks /u/looktowindward, I was never on one.], and definitely not for a carrier.
&gt; I also think MISO generally won't even look at an application if you aren't already certified That is certainly not true. They have a training program in place to get you your RC cert.
You know, everyone said that, from day one of A-School til the day I got out. Everyone constantly rags on "paint chippers". And with a little more maturity under my belt now, I can see I went the right direction. I have a better (and better paying!) job than anyone I went to high school with, including people who have advanced degrees. When you factor in that I have no student loans *on top of that*, I'm doing extremely well for myself, because of my Navy experience. But don't get me wrong. I hated waking up every single day in the Navy. I hated the hours. I hated not seeing the sun for months on end. I got married and hated being separated from my wife, then family. When I joined, I just wanted to do some relatively simple manual labor and hang out on a boat. Maybe it was because it was the exact opposite direction than I had been pushed my whole life (get good grades, go to college, etc.) and I was a rebellious little shit. I still think I would have been a little happier. Maybe I wouldn't; who knows?
Good for you. No sarcasm; I mean it. The Navy needs people who love what they do.
I think you've said that you are/were on a boomer too, right? There's a command roster at the ~~NNPTU~~ NNPTC quarterdeck that lists everyone's (staff, not students) security clearance. Stand enough watches there, and you get bored enough to look through it. There were relatively few Secrets and almost no TSs. I did ask about it, and the response I was given is what I mentioned here. The CO's phone talker for battlestations on a SSBN is also almost always a nuke, and requires a TS.
February 30th.
It may have been pretty surface heavy at the time. Also, thanks for pointing that out, I meant NNPTC, not NPTU. I've never seen the sea returnee clearance lists at prototype.
Unless you own a boat. Or an RV. Or a horse trailer. Basically, all off-road towing. And since we're mentioning off-roading, there is a lot of off-road commercial trucking. Logging and oilfields come to mind.
I'm going to offer you some cold, hard, financial advice. First you're going to be angry and dismissive, but please come back to it later with some maturity, read it again, and take it to heart. &gt; The cost of my plane ticket has now exceeded how much I have available To me, it sounds like you couldn't afford it to begin with. Assuming the cost of the ticket *doubled*, and it's now out of your reach, that means you were going to spend over half *of all of the money you have to your name* on one ticket. Not to be a dick here, but that is a *really dumb* idea, and yet, I see junior guys going out and doing things just like it *all the time*. The smart thing to do would be to wait until after the deployment. While you're underway, there's not really much for you to spend money on, and you'll come home to a nice chunk of change. Then go home, when you can afford it. Alternatively, go on leave now, but don't fly home. Relax and hang out locally. Look, I get that living in the barracks / on the ship means you don't have much in the way of expenses. But the reality is, what if some kind of emergency comes up and you *need* the money? You don't even have enough in your account to buy a plane ticket. That's a very bad situation to be in. Do you have a car? What if you get in an accident and need to pay your deductable? Sounds like you don't have it handy. I'd seriously recommend visiting /r/personalfinance [Edit: and talking to your Command Financial Specialist] and getting some advice on how to come up with and stick to a budget. You need to save some money somehow. [Edit 2] Sorry, I did a little snooping on your previous posts. You're looking to get out of the military. *You need to have money saved up to do this!* You need to start saving *NOW*. You're not guaranteed to have a job lined up that starts immediately on your EAOS. Some people do, but most don't. Unemployment is *even less* than you make now. Please save some money. Also, I noticed you have a Galaxy S6, on Verizon. That's an expensive phone on an expensive plan, especially for someone with budget problems. I recommend checking out [Republic Wireless](https://republicwireless.com/plans/). Unlimited talk/text/3G for $25/month or t/t/4G for $40/month, if you feel you need it.
I get that. I understand it's bullshit. Other people have offered up some great advice. I just wanted to point out another problem that you may not have considered. IMO, one that's even more important. Are you going to be able to fix your COC *overnight*, and afford your ticket? No. Can you exercise some control over your finances and save some money? Yes.
I'm American, so for me, that's an extra $1,574.74 at current exchange rates. In the US, I'd put it all into tax-advantaged retirement accounts, invested in index funds. I don't need to spend any more than I already am, my happiness wouldn't increase much if I got new shiny things. I don't know what kind of accounts like that you have across the pond, but after your gf feels like you've paid her back, I'd look into investing it if you don't have any other debt to pay off first.
Also, what happens if he doesn't go to college? Maybe he'll want to join the military or get into a trade.
Homebrewing is *not* a way to save money. It gets expensive, just like any hobby. I love it. It's a great way to spend a few hours; you come out with a product you can drink and be proud of, trade with others, etc. But if you want to keep the cost down, you're going to be brewing cheap beer, just like the big boys.
&gt; I understand it's his choice I just wanted to point out some reasons why you might not use that 529 money, and have to pay the 10%. The military, specifically, will give him the GI Bill, and college will then be free if he chooses to go. I don't think you can take the 529 money penalty-free if he does that. &gt; will try to guide him toward the latter. Also, hey. Dad to dad here. Don't push too hard. At 18, I was a rebellious little shit. My whole life, I had been pushed to get the best grades and go to college. I pushed back, joined the Navy, ended up operating nuclear reactors, got out, and now make more money than anyone I went to high school with, with no student debt.
How many batches do you need to brew to recoup the costs of your equipment though? I've never sat down and done the math on it, honestly. You might be right.
Fun Fact: The San Jacinto Monument in La Porte is the tallest freestanding masonry column in the world.
That's fair. You really shouldn't *need* to get your CFS involved unless you have no self control and spend yourself into a massive debt hole. The problem with debt holes is they affect everything about your life, and might end up costing you your security clearance if you have one. In that case, your command absolutely does need to get involved. As much as it might suck for you, you brought it on yourself. Not you, in particular, but someone who gets themselves in that trap. In any case, your CFS may have some knowledge and resources to help you *before you even get to that point*. I was a CFS. I'd like to believe you don't take that collateral unless you're interested in finances and actually can help, but I know that's not true everywhere.
* Compensation: $84k/yr * Job: Power Generation Dispatch * Benefits: Rotating shifts, so 7 days off (in a row) with no vacation time used, every 6 weeks. 401(k) matching, standard set of insurances, small bonus. * Degree: *None* * School: US Navy Nuclear Power School * Location: Twin Cities area * Age: 27 * Years of experience (current job): 1 * Years of experience (career): 2, but 8 if you count my Navy time. * Notes: This is a fantastic career to get into. The vast majority of people I work with are 50+, with many about to retire. Very soon, there's going to be a shortage of operators, and when every power company is hiring, having a NERC certificate will be like having the pen to write your own paycheck. If you have any kind of electrical background, almost every power company and ISO has a training program to get you your certificate to operate the grid.
I thought the fifth element was Leeloo.
Depends where you go. I've heard Peak Reliability starts some people out at $105-110k, but that's secondhand info; I've never talked to someone who works there. Some smaller power companies start around $50-60k, depending on location. Most companies in Texas are examples of that, but Texas also has a very low cost of living. The job is awesome, IMO. Every single day is different, and you never take work home with you. At a high level, my job is to coordinate when power plants run, and how much power they produce. The amount of electricity used varies throughout the day, so companies bid their plants to run at specific prices. My job, along with others in the control room, is to basically keep the powerlines from getting overloaded. [Here's a thread I fonund recently](http://www.reddit.com/r/Grid_Ops/comments/38ufa5/how_to_get_a_job_in_the_industry/) with a little more info. There are very very few of us, and most people have never heard of what we do or the jobs themselves. How to break in? Apply. Search Indeed for things like "Reliability Coordinator" "Generation Dispatcher" "Transmission Operator". Since so few people know about the career field, there are almost never many applicants. Keep in mind, there are also relatively few openings at a time, and you'll probably have to move.
Most people just use a kickstand.
Have you seen PA's alcohol laws? They're not going to be catching up on this any time soon.
&gt; It made me think of both my childhood and the meanness of other people as I experienced it If your kid were a little older, I'd say this is a great moment to teach your kid how to react to people who call him names. The reality is, though, he probably doesn't care. He's two. Also, WG probably doesn't know she even did anything wrong. In my family, we call each other all kinds of stuff jokingly, but my wife is exteremely sensitive to that kind of stuff because her parents don't do it. Sounds like you've got a similar situation going on.
Unless you get rear-ended.
Yes. I'm not disagreeing with you. Rear facing is much, much safer for crashes from the front end of the vehicle (head on). However, it makes no difference if the vehicle is hit from the side, and is actually *less safe* if hit from the rear. Typically, head on crashes occur at higher speeds. Rear facing is safer for crashes that are *more dangerous*, while front facing is safer for crashes that are *more likely*. This information is almost always left out of the FF/RF debate.
The pending deposits often disappear on the NFCU website. I'd start worrying when it actually doesn't show up.
How many are on reddit?
Then fuck you.
Midnight EST.
Can it, as in, is it physically possible? Of course. What you're asking is: is it allowed by procedure? Again, of course. In emergency situations. What you really mean to ask is: How much power is this? [Here's some public information about the reactor.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S8G_reactor)
Nope, it doesn't break anything. It makes everyone in the box on edge, but it's more fun than 4-knots-to-nowhere for weeks on end.
You get your own rack on a boomer.
AMA works. He doesn't have to *answer*, but you can ask anything you want.
$25 per lawn? I don't think I ever got more than $10. I'm not even that old...
I'll be at work so... reddit.
You might want to check out /r/financialindependence. If you just put that money in a low-cost index fund, you should be able to safely draw $92k per year without fear of ever running out.
That's a fair assessment. But at the same time, OP is spending $15k/yr as is. It's a major jump to just go out and multiply your spending by 6 for no reason other than "because I feel like it, and some guy on the internet said so." Also, the Trinity study came up with 4% for 30 years, but it also didn't take into account any other income, ever. So if OP decided to get a job one day (as another comment mentions, they do have computer skills, for example) or gets the disability appealed, the percentage they take from the invested principal decreases. I'm not saying they *need* to spend that much, just that they *can, sometimes*.
Right, some of them have out of state plates.
But that's not really censoring anything. Everyone knows what that 1 is for. &gt; That DOES sound horribly plausible. would have been a sentence on its own, if thincactus didn't want to swear.
Should, yes. But I have a feeling she wouldn't, or they probably would have had that talk together.
If you're not in a state that borders Canada, your kids probably have a snow day.
That's all well and good, but people who get to do their *dream* job are exceedingly rare. The rest of us, including you from the sounds of it, need to do something to pay the bills.
A mix of both, I guess. If I had to go back right now with no warning, I have a fairly good idea of what to buy at IPO, along with getting into bitcoin mining the very second it gets invented. But if I had some time to do research before going back, I'd memorize as much as possible.
I have to agree with some of the other replies here. &gt; but who will take care of my girls? *You* will. Almost as much as you do now, although that depends heavily on which branch of the military you join and what job you get. In the Air Force, particularly, most jobs have a similar schedule to what you can find elsewhere. Yes, you will have to go to boot camp/basic training. It's only a few months. Yes, you'll have to go to training. If your training command is long enough, you may be able to bring your family with you. Yes, you may be deployed. Well, in that case, as /u/freddit52 pointed out, it'll be no different than if you disappeared for any other reason, but *you'll come back*.
You need about 25-30x your annual spending. Do you currently spend $200-320k/yr?
To be honest, I wouldn't mind a rematch. The amount of hate around here would be through the roof.
&gt; We've been talking about getting married, But you had no prior knowledge of her finances, because she rightly predicted this response: &gt; We could pay off all *our* debts with this money- I'll be honest with you: I would be hesitant to continue talking about legally binding myself to you until you shaped up your own finances. If your relationship is otherwise great, she might be waiting for this. &gt; I have about 15k of federal student loan debt, a 20k car loan and 3k of credit card debt on a 19% card Are you underwater on the car? Because if we were in a relationship, this is what I would want you to do, although I would never in a million years ask you to do it: Sell your car. Replace it with one for $10k or less. I know you use it for work, but you can get a *[really nice](http://www.autotrader.com/cars-for-sale/cars+under+10000/Lebanon+KS-66952?endYear=2017&amp;firstRecord=0&amp;maxMileage=100000&amp;maxPrice=10000&amp;searchRadius=0&amp;showcaseOwnerId=63850339&amp;startYear=2000&amp;Log=0&amp;showcaseListingId=406357802&amp;showcaseOwnerId=63850339&amp;captureSearch=true&amp;fromSIP=BC9E3E70A6CC5EFE0244DE66F69AD762&amp;showToolbar=true&amp;Log=0)* car for $10k. Pay off your credit card and as much of your student loans (highest interest rate first, $7k+) first. Show you are serious about being a financial adult. [Edit] I just saw that you also have $10k cash. Pay off the card *now* and the student loans *completely* after replacing the car. Then build your cash back up instead of spending more. Remember, she has been sacrificing quite a bit for her whole working career to get where she is.
Time in the market beats timing the market every time. *Right now* is always the second best time to invest. The best time was many years ago.
&gt; My husband has a 40hr/week job at 22.30/hr. over the last 6 months our total take home average has been 4500. We have $2200/month in bills. We don't have credit cards, or much of a savings account; we buy most things in cash and big purchases we save for, or buy a little at a time. We have 2 cars, 1 18yr old daughter in HS, (college 529 plan, and scholarship). This is all extreneous information. Your company doesn't care what you *do* with the money it gives you. &gt; So if I get offered my current annual gross as my new salary, I will only make $12.03 per hour? If you were being switched to salary with no promotion, you did your math right. Thinking about a salary in terms of hourly pay is a mental disaster, though. How are your responsibilities changing, and how to you think your hours and outside of work time commitments will change? What about PTO?
I moved to Minnesota a year and a half ago. I truly do love almost everything about living here. The natural beauty of the area easily rivals the Pacific Northwest. The people are nice and friendly. I've never seen as many people out on bikes *everywhere* as I have here. The food is pretty solid. Walleye isn't going to beat salmon in my mind, but it's pretty good, nonetheless. I love raising my kids in the safe and prosperous suburbs of the Twin Cities. But today, Minnesota, I wish for nothing more than for your football team to suffer a heartbreaking, devastating loss. [Edit] Damn, that looked heartbreaking and devastating.
The beer here is pretty great, too.
They've been playing at TCF while their new stadium is being built.
Go make your own clothes.
Fuck yeah sticky gloves.
Finally
whose bird is that?
That wasn't even close
Looks like you *can* flim flam the zim zam.
Yours could always go back to Parachute Rigger.
Ok, the two things you know you want to do right now are go to college and join the Navy. Do you have any clue what you want to do afterwards? Personally, I'd say if you can get through college debt-free, do that first. If ROTC works out for you, or you get other types of scholarships or grants, or relatives pay for it, etc. But if you can't... The NUC option opens a *ton* of doors for you. For you, personally, it will make going to school afterwards feel like a lazy joke. The pace of the schools and the amount of hours you put in for six years as a nuke make everything feel easier. It also helps that you'll get the GI Bill to pay for school *and* living expenses. Or, if six years from now you've decided to hold off on college, you can step out of the Navy and immediately into a six-figure job operating a civilian nuclear power plant or the bulk national electric grid itself. Many non-degreed nukes I know personally have gone one to do QA work, boiler inspections, work on oil rigs, work in breweries... The list is nearly endless. Graduating the Navy nuclear pipeline proves to an employer that: * You know how to learn a lot of material * You can learn it *very quickly* Or, of course, you can choose to stay in. The bonuses are nothing to sneeze at, although I'd never suggest re-enlisting for money alone. You *may* be one of the very tiny percentage of people who absolutely love being a nuke. In that case, stay in. The people who actually love their jobs really do make the best leaders.
You can do the same with an RV, and it's easier to find somewhere to put it.
You're nuking it. If your family was 290 miles away and you wanted to go see a different relative 25 more miles in the away direction, would anyone know or care? The point of the distance limit is to ensure you can be back on base for your next muster. Your family has reliable transportation you can borrow if your car won't start, right? Then you'll be fine. If you're really worried about it, like the other replies say, just ask when you get to the command.
Unless you don't go to BESS, like 1/3 of the crew...
If they tell you they're a civilian tourist and they don't have a mil ID on them, what can you actually do? Someone who is recently separated would still have the haircut and mannerisms; would you detain them too, just to be sure? Also, what does the curfew entail? Is going in your hotel room ok? Who musters you in your civilian hotel room? Genuinely curious.
Just FYI, I got mine at 27. The doc asked me why I wanted it (I already have two kids) but made absolutely no effort to verify my story. Nothing is preventing you from lying if you really want a snip.
Absolutely. I'm talking about the MAs specifically though. It's not illegal for anyone to be outside in Japan, so unless OP is near a military base, they should have nothing to worry about.
Look, I agree with you. I was just asking someone who claims to be an MA in Japan (the actual expert in this thread) how someone recently separated who would still look military but be unable to present ID, would be treated. Admittedly, the bit about mustering in a hotel room was snarky, but I do legitimately want to know that too.
&gt; I make around $250k &gt; I'm the only one with over $10k in savings and we are almost 30! Please tell me you actually have *more* than that, or it's invested... Otherwise, I wouldn't be so quick to tell everyone you live so far below your means.
If you want to retire before 40, is there a reason you don't just retire now? Liquidate the property and you can pull a $96k/yr SWR. I'm sure you've considered it if you're thinking about it seriously; I'm just wondering.
Your problem is thinking of the cost of the car as a monthly commitment, when in reality, it will be installments of a large amount of money you'll owe someone else. How much is the total, out-the-door price of the car as a percentage of your *yearly* net income?
You're right. You really should at least cut that number in half, unless you have a *really* long commute or otherwise spend a *lot* of time in your car *and* have very minimal other expenses (rent, etc). You should also finance for the shortest time you can afford. A lot can happen in six years, and you'll be underwater on the car for the majority of that time.
It's really only incorrect because of the designs used in commercial nuclear power. The smaller reactors used in the Navy, for instance, can go from min to max load in seconds. You'd still need the capacity of gas fired peakers, though, since even small reactors take hours to start up.
Intuit and H&amp;R Block put a lot of lobbying dollars into making sure the tax code stays complicated. Lots of people don't like that.
Sounds about right. I haven't seen the show since I was a kid. He was also pretty easy to distract; I think that was his biggest weakness. I'll see if I can find a respect thread.
I think the majority of this is more suited to /r/personalfinance, but here goes: My wife and I had our first kid (also semi-unplanned) when we were the ages you two are. At the time, I had no idea about FI or ER. So in that respect, you're already ahead of me. &gt; 6K between checking and savings. &gt; My fiancé has no debt, and 2000 between checking and savings. &gt; CC1: $140 remaining at \_\_% APR *should have it paid off in 2 months.* &gt; CC2: $600 remaining at 0% APR &gt; Student Loans: $2000 remaining at 0% APR &gt; Second car: $6900 remaining at \_\_% APR *dad mobile* Why do you have two cars? Or do you have three (hers for commuting and your two?) Sell one. If the carseat doesn't fit in the paid off car, sell that one. Then, take the proceeds from the car and some of your savings, and pay off all of your debt. This should put you at almost exactly the same page as her: $2k and no debt. What are your incomes? Is any portion of your finances shared? &gt; she gets mad and says "all I care about is money." Because you're going at it too fast, and too soon. She needs to understand what you're trying to accomplish, and why, before she'll get onboard. &gt; I may be going active duty here in a month or so. Have you been keeping up with the changes to the military retirement system? With your interest in finance, you might like MOS 36B. You'll be able to use some GI Bill money to finish your degree. &gt; Any tips on how I can get her on board? She has to find it on her own. She just had a kid; I can guarrantee she wants to buy *all the things* for the kid because that's what all the moms on facebook do. Let her. Take care of your own portion of the finances, for now. Every once in a while, talk about the future, like you've been doing. I think it will take her getting out of school and into the real workforce before she'll come around. But by that time, you'll have her income, too. **TL;DR** Just relax.
Yes, but without the #UNEXPECTED ITEM IN THE BAGGING AREA!
Do you want to cook? As in, if you didn't join the Navy, would you go to culinary school instead? Do you really, really want that? Then, for the love of everything good, *be a CS*. And as /u/daimii said, join the sub force. The reason the food just isn't very good at a lot of commands is because the vast majority of CSs wanted to be something else, and don't always put forth their best effort. When you go to a command with cooks who *really love cooking*, the food is great. And at some commands, unfortunately, the food is the only thing you look forward to all day.
We don't spend anywhere near $750/yr on clothes for our whole family of four, and we have two kids that are still changing sizes quickly. That's insane.
If you're willing to spend $400k, you can get what you want almost everywhere in the US, except the extreme COL areas like NY, SF, DC, etc.
It works out to be the same result, although you might have to pay some closing/refinance fees to your bank/CU. Also, you'll have an extra hard pull on your credit score, but that isn't a big deal if it's done in a very short timeframe.
You mean military veterans? 90% of the military never sees combat. If you picked 10 veterans at random, you'll have Navy personnelmen, Air Force admin desk jockeys, Maybe an Army supply guy, Someone who does TV journalism for AFN, etc. If you get a marine, he'll probably be an IT tech or a vehicle/aircraft maintainer. *Maybe* you'll get an infantryman or if you're *extremely lucky* you'll get a special forces guy, but odds are stacked heavily that you won't get more than one. The *professional* paintball players, however, do this for a living and practice constantly. Pro paintball players 10/10.
He also fought for your right to choose not to say it.
OP, My dad was in the Air Force, and I was in the Navy. I have 25+ years of being in and around the military. I have seen this exact scenario *countless* times. The guys who pick the girl always regret it. That's not to say that it's a guarantee for *you*, but the odds are stacked against you. You are *20*. Do you know with 100% certainty that you're going to marry her and be with her for the rest of your life? I'll give you a hint: **No, you don't.** Do you know with 100% certainty that you'll love the Air Force and stick it out for a 20+ year career? **No, you don't.** Your desires and preferences are going to change more in the next 3-6 years than any other time in your entire life. You need to take care of yourself. &gt; It's something I feel called to do and frankly I thrive in the military environment. It's something I know I could do well, something I can excel at. So, do it. The military needs people who *want* to be there. Those people make *much* better leaders than those who are just in it for the benefits. &gt; My girlfriend wasn't too fond of the idea of either having to move around with me wherever I get stationed (thereby limiting her career opportunities, contact with friends, family, military lifestyle, etc.) or stay at home while I'm away at least 4 months out of the year, not counting tours of duty... I'll be honest. I can't fault her for this. It can be rough. But tours of duty can be anywhere, and you usually bring your family *with you*. Ask her if she wants to live in Germany, Italy, Japan, etc for four years? Sure, maybe you'll get stuck in Minot, ND... But if she says no, that can be her limit, and that's ok. You both need to move on; your priorities are different, and that's ok. &gt; Did I make a mistake? No matter what I do, I feel like I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Yes, and yes you will. When you get out of the service, maybe she'll still be single.
There a lot of military folks over at /r/personalfinance, I'd suggest you make a post over there too. First of all, do you have any other debt, besides the car? If so, what is/are the interest rate(s)? As for your actual question, you're not going to find a lower expense ratio than the TSP *anywhere*. Until you reach the max you can dump into TSP ($18000/yr), it's going to be your best bet. What funds do you have the money going into?
I hate to be that guy, but I highly recommend you do a search. This sub, /r/iama, and others have lots of submarine, and nuke, AMA sessions ([I even did one, myself](https://www.reddit.com/r/newtothenavy/comments/2g0qul/this_sub_has_been_getting_a_lot_of_nukesubmarine/) and I'm thinking about doing another if there's interest...). I say this because, if you don't ship until June, you aren't going to even see a boat until February 2018 at the *absolute earliest* (you are selected for Machinist's Mate, you have no grad or T-track holds, there are no training holds, etc). That being said, "tell me about life aboard a submarine" is a really broad request. There are several classes of boats, with different missions and lifestyles. There are four different nuke jobs you might end up in. You may end up at a shipyard or precommission boat and none of the stories you hear hear will be anywhere close to your experience. So, specifically, what do you want to know?
Gross.
Belgium is actually pretty nice. They have some excellent beer, too.
My favorite thing to do after working a night shift is sit out on my front porch and have a beer. The looks you get from people in their cars heading to work are amazing.
The falcon only reaches its top speed when diving. If you both start from standing still on the ground, bike 10/10. I don't know enough about falcon flight to say for sure, but I think the bird speed is measured in absolute distance, not ground speed. This means the bird is traveling 200+mph, but it's towards the ground. This means, even if the falcon starts a good distance above you, the bike is still going to travel much faster across the ground *and* the falcon has a longer absolute distance it needs to travel.
Oh, ok. I wasn't sure since the ground distance isn't to scale. Basically, what you're asking is: Can a 1999 Hayabusa accelerate to top speed and travel 1 mile before a Pergerine falcon reaches its terminal velocity from one mile up? You'd get a serious, scientific answer over on /r/theydidthemath. From your diagram, I'd give it to the bird. Streamlined things like birds hit terminal velocity very quickly. But from straight up above the finish line, I think it would be more of a toss up. The bird still has to slow down before it lands.
Buy a 3000K replacement? [Here's one from the exact manufacturer of your bulb.](http://www.cbconcept.com/LED12VG6.35-3.5W.aspx)
&gt; What do you call the bottom-graduate of medical school? Lieutenant.
Yes. Generally, the less physical work you do, the more you get paid.
I love a good road made of Tim Tams.
&gt; This has made me extremely curious as to how England would have progressed had an M1 tank travelled back in time to Victorian London, caused minor havoc before the crew are captured/killed and the tank is studied and reverse engineered. /r/timetravelwhatif
I was born in a country that *technically* no longer exists: West Germany. I've never had a problem obtaining documents, but I've never let my passport expire either. Mostly because in most states, I need a passport to get a driver's license.
What is your current combined income? My gut says go with the minivan now, and I definitely wouldn't use all of your savings for it, but how much of it to use should be a balance with what you bring in.
If he has the $420k invested properly, he should be able to pull $1400/month from it without touching the principal. I don't know of too many places he could live where $4900/month isn't enough to live on.
Oh, wow. I just noticed that. Thanks. Maybe he has a pension with Company A (that he can take at 55) and will continue working for Company B? That's the only way that makes sense.
I'm confused. Can you not save up and buy the car with cash?
&gt; My internet research suggests a broad figure of $250k/child. This figure is thrown around a *lot*. First of all, remember that it's stated as an *average*. The mean 18-year cost in the USA. This is skewed heavily upward by higher income, higher spending, keep-up-with-the-Joneses types. Next, remember that most people don't bother to itemize it or break it down in any way. Some portion of it goes to around five years of daycare. Keeping with our mean average, the cost of daycare comes out to [$11666/yr or $972/month](http://www.babycenter.com/0_how-much-youll-spend-on-childcare_1199776.bc). If one of you stays home with your kid, you can subtract ~58k from that $250k *average*. Some portion of it goes towards owning or renting a larger residence in a better school district. I can't give you the specifics for every housing market, but I'd bet that's at least another $50k off the top over the course of 18 years ($231/month? Sounds low actually...) if you don't spend every available dollar on housing. Some portion of that average goes to owning and maintaining a late model larger car/SUV/van that will fit child seats, and replacing it every few years. Maybe shave another $20-30k (low estimate again) if you buy a car and keep it for a long time. Then you have all the *baby stuff* that every affluent new mom *absolutely must have*. Stick to the necessities, ask yourself "Did my mom have this for me?", and you'll save yourself &gt;$5k easily. Clothes, you can buy used. In fact, for the first few years, I recommend buying exclusively used. There is no point in paying $20+ for a 6-month size onesie that your kid will wear once or twice, then grow out of it. Maybe buy a nice outfit for pictures here and there. Once your kid starts going to school, there's *still* no need to dress them in the latest designer fashions. Kids will destroy their clothes even if they're not growing out of them at an alarming rate. I bet you save another ton of cash here. Then there's sports and activities and such. The drivers of this mean send their kids to a *ton* of activities and are constantly rushing around to keep up. In my wife's family, the kids had *one* activity or sport her parents were paying for at a time. In mine, I only had one if I asked for it. Neither of us are any less socially developed for it. Overall, I think you can cut that $250k number down by half or more if you're smart and frugal.
Not exactly/always. Let's say your lower-income earner stays home. And let's say, for the purpose of this discussion, your lower-income earner earns $40k/yr. After taxes, deductions, etc, that number is probably somewhere around $29k. Take out the $11.5k (for simpler math) for daycare. [The average American consumer spends about $3,000 per year for gas, according to the American Automobile Association.](http://www.calculator.net/fuel-cost-calculator.html) (I just googled yearly fuel cost because I don't think my consumption is typical, this may not be correct either), and let's say half of that is for commuting, $1500. The stay-at-home parent is typically female. How much does it cost for a professional woman to maintain her makeup, haircut, clothes, etc? I would ballpark $500/month. There's another $6000. That leaves $10k/yr, and is not accounting for other miscellaneous job-related jones-style expenses like eating out at work or buying coffees. Not to mention, if the second working parent is working full time, they are *effectively* working for $4.81/hr. I know my time (and especially time spent with my kids) is much more valuable than that.
Have you checked out /r/tck? It's a subreddit for kids who grew up outside their birth cultures and/or moved around a lot. Personally, I was a military brat. I've never lived anywhere longer than four years, and I *love* it. I was born in a country that technically no longer exists. My experience is very similar to /u/usernameismyrealname's.
Crazy, right?
Serious question because I'm not a woman, and my wife and I are relatively frugal people, but would you say your costs are far less than normal because of your desire for FI? Again, that was just a ballpark, based on the affluent folks who are driving this average up. Also, what do you do for a living? A lawyer or executive is going to have a higher appearance maintenance cost than, say, someone in IT, right?
/r/beertrade
Sure, why not.
In this order: credit card debt: $6,000 at 23% car 1: $4,000 at 11% car 2: $6,000 at 9% student loans: $120k at \_\_\_% (I'm guessing somewhere around 6%?) $2,000 in savings mortgage: $241k at 3.25% Pay off your credit card(s) and both cars. Put the remaining $4k towards your highest-interest student loan. Stop spending so much.
I've done this with sweet potato water. Unfortunately, I didn't do a split batch, so I don't know what kind of effect it had. It was pretty tasty though.
You should try some good beer then.
Go check out /r/financialindependence.
Do you know why they tell you to bring a voided check? [This is the information they need from it](https://bursar.indiana.edu/img/bursar-check.jpg). As you can see, it has your routing number and account number. If you have those written down, you don't need the check.
Go to [Silver City](http://www.silvercitybrewery.com/) in Silverdale/Bremerton. They have a good variety of different styles to try.
&gt; in excess of 8 hrs per day ***and*** 40 hrs per week You would get overtime if it said "or".
&gt; I was wondering if there is anything I should do proactively to prepare myself for the rigorous school curriculum. Learn how to relax. Do you have any hobbies? I recommend finding one now that doesn't take up too much money or time, and is outdoors. The pace of the school is the hardest part. The actual information isn't all that difficult, and it's practically spoon fed to you, but the spoon is a firehose, and it's shoved down your throat. If your grades start to slip, you'll be spending a lot of time in that building, and you need to know how to clear your head in your off-time, or you'll burn out.
&gt; I was interested in submarine electronics and that I'd like to know more about it. I was looking at communications or navigation. Then go SECF. That's how you get those. &gt; told me I qualify for nuke You do, but that doesn't mean you're required to take it. Always keep that in mind. This is *your* job, not your recruiter's. &gt; that would be my best option as far as pay and advancement go. Technically, yes. You come in as an E-3, get auto E-4 after a few months of A-School, and can trade a few more years of your life to auto E-5 right after the training pipeline if you choose. To my knowledge, the nuclear field re-enlistment bonuses are the highest of any job in the entire military. &gt; I've read that if you choose nuke only for the money or advancement opportunities you will hate it. Bingo. Don't do it unless you can't imagine yourself doing anything else. Have you read the [Nuke Guide](https://www.reddit.com/r/navy/comments/1agb9x/official_rnavy_nuke_guide_to_be_attached_to_the/)?
I hope you're not too into downhill. Charleston is really flat. I made sure any mandatory study hours were done during the week so I could have my weekends free, and spent them either at the beach or one of the state parks that are fairly close. Tents and camping gear are well within your E-3 budget when you don't really spend your money on anything else.
Kid 10/10. Even if you've never explicitly been coached on how to drive a car, by the age of 10, you've seen multiple adults driving and know how to do it. You don't even have to go very fast to beat a power wheel.
OP didn't say where they live. They also didn't mention W-4 (or state equivalent) status, etc. The $3100 is *only* what they have in mortgage, car loan, and student loan payments, not all of the utilities, food, etc. That's why I pointed it out.
And that one Viking fan county in the UP? What's that about?
Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho
My coach battery powers my headlights and cab radio. 1994 Travelmaster class C.
So have the conversation and confirm it.
&gt; We have it down to 70 already. Where do you live? What clothes do you wear in your house? Because if my house was 70°F, I'd have to wear shorts or less... But then again, I'm from Minnesota. My suggestion: turn it down a few more degrees. 67°F won't kill you. Put on some comfortable flannel pants and a long sleeve shirt. Get some slippers and thicker blankets. And while you're at it, get some heavy curtains to cover any large windows; glass is probably your largest heat transfer surface besides your roof. How's your insulation? And look into a programmable thermostat if you don't have one already.
I have two kids. They don't cost anywhere near as much as those scare articles make them out to. That $245k number you see thrown around is pretty inflated, and includes a lot of fluff. It assumes you're going to buy everything for your kid brand new. For the first few years, this is stupid. Clothes can be found at thrift stores, yard sales, etc that have only been worn once or not at all, especially in the baby/toddler sizes, for extremely cheap. Things like cribs, toys, and almost everything else can be found second hand in great condition. If you choose to cloth diaper, this can be a one-time expense with a slightly increased water bill. Breastfeeding (if mom is capable) is *free*. You should buy a new car seat, but there's no reason to get a [$470](http://www.toysrus.com/product/index.jsp?productId=60344026&amp;cp=&amp;parentPage=search) one when you can get a [$105](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Safety-1st-onBoard-35-Infant-Car-Seat/42417778) one. They all have to meet the same safety standards to be sold. It assumes you're going to have increased housing costs. This I agree with slightly. If you already have a house with enough bedrooms for your eventual kids, this is moot. It also assumes every kid gets their own bedroom, I think. This is pretty unnecessary, but I agree it's nice. It assumes you're going to pay for the kids' education. While this is a lofty goal, and one I aspire to, myself, it's not necessary by any means. Your kids can take out loans for education; you can't do that to fund your retirement. And it assumes several years of daycare per kid. Maybe that's worth it if both parents have high incomes, but of one of you earns little, [it may be worth it to stay home and save those costs](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/04/04/reader-case-study-working-a-crappy-job-for-nothing/). It assumes you're going to have increased transportation costs. You don't need a minivan or an SUV just because you have kids. Yes, again, it's nice. We're getting one soon. But we had a Mazda 3 when we only had one kid, and it was... ok. Definitely doable, and people who make less than us have to do it to get by. All I'm saying is you don't have to buy a *new* vehicle when you have a baby, as a lot of people assume you do. I'm not even doing that now. We're looking for a used van. By the way, other FI-minded parents, do you have any suggestions on said van?
If he's always 20 minutes late, why not just go in 20 minutes later when you relieve him? I work 12 hour shifts too, and this is what we do when someone is late.
Can you ask the guy who comes in Monday night to come in 20 minutes late?
Why not start it sooner when you get home?
Wear sunscreen.
Professor Oak, is that you?
How do you make sure that each and every politician has a full and proper understanding of the issues they're voting on now?
That $245k number includes a lot of fluff.
&gt; Starting salary is 85K before taxes, and I will also be nursing about 45K in student loans. I'd look for something with &lt;75k miles, less than 5 years old, and &lt;$10k. You get the reliability you're looking for without the price tag.
Even the average assumes a lot of things: It assumes you're going to buy everything for your kid brand new. For the first few years, this is stupid. Clothes can be found at thrift stores, yard sales, etc that have only been worn once or not at all, especially in the baby/toddler sizes, for extremely cheap. Things like cribs, toys, and almost everything else can be found second hand in great condition. If you choose to cloth diaper, this can be a one-time expense with a slightly increased water bill. Breastfeeding (if mom is capable) is *free*. You should buy a new car seat, but there's no reason to get a [$470](http://www.toysrus.com/product/index.jsp?productId=60344026&amp;cp=&amp;parentPage=search) one when you can get a [$105](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Safety-1st-onBoard-35-Infant-Car-Seat/42417778) one. They all have to meet the same safety standards to be sold. It assumes you're going to have increased housing costs. This I agree with slightly. If you already have a house with enough bedrooms for your eventual kids, this is moot. It also assumes every kid gets their own bedroom, I think. This is pretty unnecessary, but I agree it's nice. It assumes you're going to pay for the kids' education. While this is a lofty goal, and one I aspire to, myself, it's not necessary by any means. Your kids can take out loans for education; you can't do that to fund your retirement. And it assumes several years of daycare per kid. Maybe that's worth it if both parents have high incomes, but of one of you earns little, [it may be worth it to stay home and save those costs](http://www.mrmoneymustache.com/2012/04/04/reader-case-study-working-a-crappy-job-for-nothing/). It assumes you're going to have increased transportation costs. You don't need a minivan or an SUV just because you have kids. Yes, again, it's nice. We're getting one soon. But we had a Mazda 3 when we only had one kid, and it was... ok. Definitely doable, and people who make less than us have to do it to get by. All I'm saying is you don't have to buy a *new* vehicle when you have a baby, as a lot of people assume you do. I'm not even doing that now. We're looking for a used van. "Spend all the money or it's bread and water for your kids" is a false dichotomy.
The facts and findings are what they are. &gt; You can reduce the cost, but children are not free, they have a cost. A cost you should be certain you can afford before having them. I absolutely agree. All I'm saying is that cost is buoyed up for the majority of people by a lot of unnecessary expenses.
I think if you were a millionaire, you could hook that up.
What kind of job are you looking for in a nuclear plant? Operations, maintenance, training, management, etc? None of these are going away any time soon.
&gt; Vice Admiral [Charles A. Lockwood](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_A._Lockwood)
Not everyone wants an &gt;1500 sq ft updated house though.
Hungry.
Is your friendship worth $10k? Think about this: Banks have professionals whose entire line of work is to determine if it is worth the risk to loan someone money. Are you that professional? Because if not, I'd suggest leaving it up to them. You're not going to get that money back. Are you ok with giving your friend a $10k gift?
&gt; I contribute 5% to my 401k What is your company match? **Debts:** Car loan: $\_\_\_ remaining at \_\_% APR, *minimum* payment: $475 School loan: $\_\_\_ remaining at \_\_% APR, *minimum* payment: $300 &gt; We have 6k in savings and plan on trying to buy a house next fall &gt; Our house price ranges would probably be around $225-250k. Your savings goal should be $60-65k. If you can't reach it and have to use FHA as a last resort, that's ok, but you should set your goal higher. 20% for downpayment, $10k for emergencies, and a little extra for closing costs, furniture, and moving in stuff. &gt; I know the gold standard is 20% down, but we are looking to start a family soon and don't forsee saving for a few years. You know you can start a family without owning a house, right? People do that everywhere. And kids aren't as expensive as most people make them out to be.
I cause blackouts on the electric grid.
Duct tape is terrible for ducts. You need foil tape for that. Duck tape is waterproof, like a duck.
The same way I spend my Saturday mornings.
I got pulled over in Idaho for the same reason when I had Washington plates.
For what it's worth, it's probably not the hardest board you'll have to take in your career. Your senior in-rate board at your first command will be harder. If you stay in and go for EWS, that will be harder still. But you'll pass anyway. Nobody actually wants you to fail.
I was a submariner too. This is part of the reason I got out. I didn't want to give up a large part of my younger years living in a steel tube and not breathing fresh air. I'm still aiming for FI, but my quality of life has gone through the roof in the meantime.
Have you considered contacting your local recruiters?
You mean regular SCUBA diving? You can find [your nearest dive shop](http://apps.padi.com/scuba-diving/dive-shop-locator/) and sign up for classes at any time. The Navy might do two things to help you, but it won't be intentional: * Give you orders to a place near interesting dive spots * Make discounts through MWR a possibility. Otherwise, you're on your own, unless your job requires it.
2-row barley. The grain that makes up the majority of the recipe for most beers.
How do you like the new(ish) 24-hour underway watch rotation? Is it better than the old 18-hour rotation when you include maintenance and drills?
Just block the moving trucks. It worked for us.
&gt; I want to join the Navy, mainly **to learn a good trade that could aid me later on in the civilian world**. &gt; For a trade I've been looking for a job heavily involving either mechanical or electrical work. &gt; Can anyone here recommend other good rates involving mechanical and electrical work that are not overmanned? If you qualify for it, this is the reason to go nuke. The job isn't easy, and the hours are long, but it's six years, then it's your key to the highest paying jobs you can get in the civilian world without a degree. &gt; I really don't want to end up chipping paint or some other strenuous boring Everyone ends up chipping paint at or other menial work at some point in the Navy, no matter how much training you have.
I'd put it in the grain food group.
My wife's parents used a kid leash when they went camping. They would leash her to a tree while they set up camp. Doesn't seem like a terrible idea for that scenario, really.
&gt; The drive to work and time spent at work isn't a "break". How did you end up explaining this during your talks? This is one of the biggest problems we have too, and no matter how I describe it, my wife doesn't believe me.
After I moved out, my sister took over my old room *in addition* to keeping her old room. She put a couch and tv in there, and basically turned it into her own mini living room.
https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/3a8m0a/behold_its_our_minnesota_vikings_stadium_brick/
That's why I keep my beer on the bottom shelf in the fridge.
Are you a dog?
You pay the trebuchet guy $419.95
97, EM. I listed them in the order: MM, EM, ET.
&gt; He told me "guys don't like it when girls are too horny or even hornier than he is. It's a big turn off." What he should have said is: "**I** don't like it when girls are ~~too horny or even~~ hornier than **I** *am*. It's a big turn off *for* **me**." Because that's certainly not true for me, or any guy I've ever met.
&gt; her preferred method of conflict resolution is "I'm leaving" I don't think that's likely to change any time soon. It could be a simple breakup now, but it'll be a divorce down the line.
I'd call it subcontracting.
I'm not really from anywhere.
President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho
That's easy enough to get around. Remove the plastic holding the cans together and now you just have a few sealed cans in a bag.
Simple comparatively.
1. Tight enough to not move around in the air and tight enough to not get moved around by the force of the water are different for different materials. Many new divers don't have a feel for this yet, or dive with their BCDs loose. 2. If you don't hold on to your mask as you jump in, yes, the water *can* knock it off. Ask me how I know.
Choose your rate, choose your fate. In general, I'd say yes.
You don't have to literally chop the wood though. Why not just buy a wood splitter? Unless you're chopping for exercise. I do that sometimes, but I can run easily 5x the amount of wood through the splitter in the same amount of time.
I think [this piece from a few years ago](https://www.quora.com/How-daunting-is-the-task-of-sinking-a-2014-U-S-Nimitz-class-aircraft-carrier-protected-by-a-typical-deployed-strike-group) sums it up pretty nicely.
Not if he moves to the other country. But he also doesn't have to give up his citizenship to do that.
Did you check it out?
It's not wine either.
"No" is a full sentence.
Does anyone know if they accomplished anything? It seems to me the people they're protesting against don't really care. I'd like to be wrong though.
I agree on all points, and I'm no fan of trump either. But I'm just asking objectively: Was it successful?
Honestly? If proof shows up that these protests convinced even one person at any level of government to reconsider their stance on the causes protested for, I'd consider it a success. If any modern politician publicly admits they were wrong, I'll be pleasantly surprised.
Welcome to the club, pal.
I'd imagine someone who owns a Monet is pretty wealthy.
Houses aren't $1.5M in most places, you know.
Hawaii wasn't a state then. It was essentially the same as if Guam were attacked today.
It sounds like the company isn't going to just offer a raise. He's already doing the job without one, so he's going to ask for it.
&gt; *Clearly* they think they are worth much more than they are and they will most likely quit to look for that job going forward. Or, they know what they're worth and you're underpaying. You're correct though. Say no and they're right to start looking for a new job. Why take it personally? It's business. Does paying someone more mean you'll make less? Unless you're the owner, the answer is probably no.
You think people should regularly be given more responsibility without the corresponding increase in pay? That's a recipe for high turnover. No wonder this theoretical company is doing poorly.
It's a slight hyperbole, but you can easily replace the cliff with a busy street or other common dangerous situation. It also breaks down when kids develop listening and comprehension skills.
I'd be willing to bet that has more to do with modern sniper training than the guns themselves.
A new Power School class of ~300 graduates every two months. That's ~1800 a year, and the majority get out after either 6 or 8 years. And that's not counting the officers.
Hemp rope is actually a lot safer for tying up large ships. Nylon line stretches a lot before it breaks, making snapback extremely deadly.
No girl wants a scrub who has all his money in government bonds. Talk about index funds if you want to turn the ladies on with your financial sense.
Not always. For example, two enlisted members get married, then one goes to OCS. I had an LPO who was married to an officer.
&gt; *Some fast boat* Submariners also have pretty amazing missions that they can never tell anyone about. Boomer folks don't have those, and they don't even have port visits.
You can change it whenever you want. All it does is change your withholding amount. You'll owe the same amount of taxes at the end of 2017 regardless of what your W-4 says, so you just need to decide what kind of refund you want.
Personally, I would pay off the house and $10k of the truck. Then use the amount that would otherwise have been going towards the mortgage to finish off the truck in a few months. That's not mathematically optimal; the truck loan is only 1.75%, but if you don't want to do any investing, it's the way to go.
Are you operating the vehicle if you're sleeping in the back seat?
Frying bacon sounds like the last thing I'd ever want to do naked.
Do you homebrew?
I got really lucky with the nuclear Navy. I had no idea what I wanted to do at 18 and followed the dollar signs. I've been out for a few years now, and I have a six figure job dispatching the electric grid, and I have never had any student debt. My work stays in the office; when I go home for the day, there is *nothing* I can bring with me. I have a week off out of every six, without taking any vacation. I'm not sure there's a better field for me out there, to be honest.
For nukes, the process goes like this: Towards the end of prototype (is it sub school or A school for coners?), you're given a sheet to list the seven submarine bases in order. If you definitely want an Ohio, I'd list them like this: * Bangor, WA * Kings Bay, GA as your 1 and 2 spots. Whichever sounds like a more interesting location as #1 of course. * Groton, CT * Norfolk, VA * San Diego, CA * Pearl Harbor, HI * Apra Harbor, Guam Again, in whichever order sounds best to you for your 3-7 spots. There's also a few blank lines to jot down some specific requests. If you write down that you want SSBN orders and have Bangor and Kings Bay as your #1 and #2, you'll probably get them. I think most young single sailors want to go to fast attacks.
Go out to sea, poke some holes in the water, and come back after a few months. Badass? Not very. Important? I'd say nuclear deterrence is a pretty important mission, as boring as it may be.
Most people are not very good at taking advice from others about money. This is very much a "you can lead a horse to water" type situation.
How much earlier do you leave to get to appointments and things on time?
You're right, but I think a better analogy is Hawaii. Okinawa does have a separate ethnic background and culture from mainland Japan.
My wife is a SAHM. So, I don't really care too much. I'd prefer she goes back to work once the kids are both in school, but what *exactly* she does is entirely her call.
&gt; Usually one spouse only agrees to take on the burden of providing when the other takes on the burden of child rearing and homemaking. SAHMs don't usually do *all* of the homemaking anymore.
Things have definitely changed. All of the SAHMs my wife and I know complain constantly that their husbands don't help around the house enough, and most of them don't do as much as you did.
To be fair, he can only accurately explain *his* side, and those are *his* feelings.
The author of the [Free Range Kids](http://www.freerangekids.com) has collected tons of these statistics. Check out her site and if you can't find them, remind me in a few hours.
You can't just buy a pilot. That's been illegal since 1865.
Carter joined the Navy during WWII.
He did join without the knowledge the war would be over before he got to a seagoing command. He chose to be a submariner when submarines had some of the highest fatality rates in the war.
If I remember correctly, Tim never did any real permanent disabling damage to himself with his shenanigans. I wouldn't rule it out that it was at least a little staged. A production company wouldn't have let him cut his thumb off with a table saw, for example.
I put my starter wort in the microwave until I see that it's boiling, then take it out and pour it into a flask that I've sanitized separately. The whole process takes a few minutes tops. Then I cover it with foil and pop it in the fridge to cool while I do other stuff. I've never had a contamination issue.
How do you know how much sugar to add before you know how much beer will be in your bucket?
To be fair, you just don't see many women at performances by some artists or in some genres. You don't see many men at live shows by other artists (think boy bands of the 90s, etc) or genres either. It's just a bit of hyperbole.
Don't mention keeping things to yourself during the moment of truth to yourself over on /r/navy. You'll get banned.
If he doesn't want to do a 2 hour drive, why doesn't he look for a job in Tucson too?
That was my thought. The nanny seems to do the lion's share of the parenting; why does she have to even ask to make mundane parenting decisions? /u/throwawayparaunt, just let your nanny know she doesn't need you or your husband to micromanage anymore.
Have you heard those old guys utter the phrase: "Happy wife, happy life"? Because that mentality is where all that complaining comes from. There's just a social norm for older generations to default to that for some reason. My dad, who easily could have retired years ago, continues to commute over an hour to his job because my mom wanted to renovate their kitchen and back yard. The homebrewing community (who are mostly older folks) have an acronym for wives: SWMBO. She who must be obeyed. I mean, I think it's supposed to be in jest, but lots of different hobby groups have their own acronym that have the same meaning. To those of us who are younger, this dynamic just seems off, right? Shouldn't you be equal partners? I think most people you meet and will date who are under 30 will agree with that. And even then, those younger folks will vent about their spouse at work too. Maybe as a way to fit in.
How great did it feel to get those two gold stars? What's your favorite bourbon?
You getting your dream job was someone else's decision too.
Your property taxes will still rise, and most people escrow those into their mortgage payment.
To be fair, as long as you already have food in your kitchen, you don't really *have* to spend anything else today. I get the sentiment though.
You really can't support having a stay-at-home spouse on minimum wage.
To be fair, I might be exaggerating just a little. He likes what he does, and he's one of those guys who can't fathom what he's going to do with all his free time. And their house, while spacious and luxuriously updated, is actually in a very LCOL area in south Texas.
ASW aircraft are operated by the Navy...
That's a good question actually. Officers are college educated; do they go with their major, or the military, their "trade"?
Power plant operator. Even you won't have power if we don't want you to.
Well for one, they don't need a two bedroom, but yes, I agree that's between a rock and a hard place. When you're that kind if stuck, you have to figure out what you're willing to do that other people aren't, in order to make more money and support your kids. Doing something gross or on weird shifts usually pays a little more, even if you have absolutely no skills or education.
But you're given immortality. And, if you don't want kids, you have modern knowledge about contraception and abortifacients that people 3000 years ago don't.
Not exactly. There were a lot of cultures who saw white people as outsiders, especially 3000 years ago.
Our rules-are-for-suckers attitude is pretty unique. Nobody else has underway beards or tennis shoes. You're probably right. Source: also a submariner.
Nothing that can carry a MOAB is will get anywhere near a carrier group or find a submarine.
Awkward people HATE him!
Actually, I think mine are almost exactly the same as yours. I think most people gunning for FI are efficient and good at prioritizing, while disliking work and office culture (authority, brown nosing, stupid tasks).
You're a dad. Build a deck.
No, submarines usually don't come to periscope depth where anyone can see them. And yes, the scopes stick out a little. He said it was a fast attack, so most likely a Los Angeles class.
And a sub wouldn't generally be that close to the surface unless it was at periscope depth.
You know, when I smoke alone, I prefer to be by myself!
&gt; these deep friendships during the best time of your life. Honestly, if anyone tells me high school was the best time of their life, I feel bad for them. It must suck to have the next 60 years never measure up to four when you were a teenager. I sincerely hope the best time of your life is in the future.
"Letting" her?
Telling her not to do something will just drive her to do it behind his back. Anyone who doesn't "let" their kids date clearly doesn't remember being a teenager.
Sure, but that kind of attitude isn't going to get the expected results.
I'm not saying that at all. I'm just saying you need to pick your battles. You will lose this one to teenage hormones.
Letting them. And if that's too much for you to stomach for some reason, simply having no opinion on it at all. My girls are only 4 and 2, but when the time comes, I want them to be able to open up to me about this stuff. They won't if they think they'll get in trouble.
And?
I know that's kind of a joke, but if our accounts are still active, I'd be interested to see how my opinion changes too. All I have to go on right now is remembering being a teenager myself, so I'm looking forward to a PM in 2027.
Depends on the kid. I'm wrong for a lot of kids. But anecdotally, my wife, most people we knew, and I went through a rebellious phase. I'd rather do all I can to lessen it than fight all the time like my wife's parents did.
I appreciate you taking the time to write that out, because I'm not there yet. I just watched my daughters put on a dance show in their tutus on my fireplace. &gt; When are you starting sex education? We call our anatomy by its actual names. Compared to most other parents I know who mention wee-wees and hoo-has, I'd say we're starting pretty early. I'm planning on giving them age-appropriate answers to any questions they ask. I think a lot of people actually disagree with that. &gt; At 11 your daughter spends a lot of time on the internet .. and has reacted to that by going down the emo "nobody understands me" route. This sounds a *lot* like the livejournal/deadjournal/xanga craze that happened when I was just a little older than that. At 11, I'd give her the illusion of privacy but monitor her browser history. She'll probably know how to hide it better than I did by then, so I really don't want her to feel like she has something to hide from me. But I know she will. Again, I want to know how my feelings are going to change on this too. &gt; Ban her from the internet? Right? You can't. Even if you ban it in your house, she'll go to a friend's house and use it. And she *will* need it for school. That's just not a feasable thing to do anymore. &gt; What about when she gets an online "boyfriend" Honest truth here, I have no clue right now. I spent a lot of time in teen chatrooms when those were popular (middle school for me), and I had online "girlfriends." It was never anything harmful, but I can see how it could have been. It would have to be played by ear, you know? &gt; Your 13 year old has a crush ... The kid's 16. Forgive me for making assumptions, but that sounds like she's still in middle school and he's in high school? I think I'd feel comfortable banning that. Because I don't think they actually would have any reason to spend time together. I think a ban would work until next year at least, when she's hopefully forgotten about it. Fuck, man, that's rough to think about. Now, if she was 14, and a freshman? This is where I would hope everything we've done up to that point is enough to get her to trust us with this stuff. Because it's impossible to spy on her 24/7. I'm really glad I have a decade before I'll be in this position. &gt; Do you ban your 13 year old from taking drugs? This is another rough one for me. Not because I don't know the answer, I absolutely *should* forbid it. But you know, that makes me the world's biggest hypocrite. I tried weed for the first time at 14. I got pretty into it once I got a job and a car at 16 and could drive to pick up and pay for my own. And I think I turned out to be a successful member of society with a dog and a minivan in the suburbs. I think that's just going to have to be one of those case-by-case, give-honest-answers things. I don't know what their personalities will shape into in the next 10 years. &gt; at some point they're going to do something you don't want them to, something that they WILL hide from you (or try to) I know; that's kind of my point right now. I'm not a psychologist or anything, but my goal is to try to keep *that thing* from being something actually harmful. I don't really know if that's possible or not, but I know they're eventually going to leave my house and have their own bed in their own place, and I just want them to learn how to make good decisions on their own before that happens.
I hope you're not a high school guidance counselor.
They assumed OP *only* has exactly what's in the picture and a slow cooker.
A Real Man™ would wear it.
&gt;&gt;&gt; Asking how much the pay is for a job prior to going through interviews. Like why do I have to go through 3-5 rounds before you finally tell me how much you intend to pay me? And its frowned upon to ask about pay up-front? I mean that's why people work, to make a living. I'm not going to work for your company if you're going to pay me like crap, regardless of how much of a "great opportunity" you believe it is. &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt;I work in software and I do ask up front. If a recruiter calls me, "what is the salary range your company is will to offer?" is literally the third thing I say after "hello" and "how are you?". I've gotten some real goofs over the years trying to low-ball me after going through ridiculous multiple interviews that include IQ tests for fucks sake. Now I just ask. As a general rule, if they won't discuss it, it's because the offer is garbage and way below market value. &gt; We know you are replying to his comment, you don't need to copy the whole thing. Sometimes you really need to emphasize what you're replying to.
Can they? I mean, technically, sure. They have room to hold all the stuff you bring. They won't.
&gt; First, I vacuumed the carpet I'm a little concerned that you think your carpet is so gross you can't put your kid down on it. He's going to be crawling on it soon, if he isn't already...
Right, but vacuuming *right* before putting a kid down just seems odd. Is it because the carpet is actually gross? Maybe. Is it because she thinks nothing is clean enough for her kid? Neither way is healthy, really.
I think you underestimate the amount of trash and other crap some people keep in their cars.
Hey, just a thought, OP, but maybe this might be a good question for /r/usmilitarySO? Not that it's military related, but every military spouse has to move geographically for their SO's career. Most people are afraid of moving, to the detriment of their careers. You're not married yet. If you even have to ask, you should probably do what's best for you.
I know everyone disagrees with this, but you are right. Adding a new monthly expense really needs to be discussed jointly. Not doing so is how a lot of households get in over their heads with spending and debt.
Band directors aren't usually Nazis. I played tuba/sousaphone, so I just asked if I could keep one at home and use an unclaimed one at school, and not have to drag it back and forth. If she played a bulky instrument, that's probably an option. But she plays drums, that's even easier.
As long as it's not too hoppy, most beers are just fine for cooking.
&gt; If you're under 30 and make more than 60k, I'm 29, and I make just over $100k. &gt; what do you have a degree in? I don't have a degree; I got the job experience necessary for my position in the Navy. Although, many people who do my job have an EE degree. &gt; What's your job title? Generation Dispatcher / Balancing Authority Operator I control when power plants start up and shut down to maintain electric grid reliability. How long have you been working ft? This job, at this company, specifically? 3 years. About 10 years total if you include one prior company and my military time. &gt; I am located just outside of NYC, I see the Manhattan skyline every morning driving into work. I'd recommend moving. Your paycheck goes a lot further in lower COL areas, even if you don't find anything higher-paying.
Actually, the Twin Cities and their immediate suburbs are sprayed for mosquitoes. You barely ever see them in more populated areas. Now, when you go up north, you're going to need some heavy duty bug spray, but it's worth it.
Are they in the same general income range as a doctor? She did mention that's kind of important to her too...
Once you figure out that prevailing attitude that most SNCOs have in the military, you can slack like you'd never believe. Just make sure your uniform is 100% on point with a perfect shave and mirror shoes every day, and you can be the biggest sack of shit around but nobody will notice...
No.
Why is that?
&gt; Have you ever had a cap which looks right but failed to seal properly? In several years of brewing, I've had this happen to me exactly once so far. I'd attribute it to a defect in the cap, but who knows.
How is a birth certificate not enough? It is literally the defining documentation for the only information you need to sell alcohol: the person's age.
Because it's fallacious to say that someone who commits one crime definitely has no qualms about committing a completely unrelated and much more serious crime.
Do you ever go above the speed limit when you drive?
So, you do break the law then, and have even been cited for it. If you don't care about the safety of other road users, in what way would you be able to convince me that you care about me? I would definitely assume that if operating a vehicle safely isn't your first priority then neither am I. Do you see how that doesn't make sense?
When you were pulled over by the police for speeding (and/or, if it happens again in the future), the officer is completely justified in this thought process: This person is committing the crime of traveling over the posted speed limit. I should be wary because this person will kill me without a second thought. Should I expect you to commit terrorism, treason, arson, rape, burglary, and kidnapping too?
Sunday Ticket by itself is $720/yr then, and that's on top of your regular cable subscription. If your regular subscription is $107/month or more, then yes, thousands compared to cord cutting. Most people don't change their subscription packages at the beginning and end of the season.
&gt; You are really reaching here. Exactly! I'm just parroting back your viewpoint. Essentially: if you're willing to commit one crime, you absolutely should be expected to commit all sorts of heinous and terrible offenses. &gt; Am I safe to assume that you are a gun control advocate and also would do away with guns if you could? Not at all. Ex military CCW holder, actually. Both parties here made some pretty egregious mistakes. All you need to do is announce your weapon and *sit still*. All I'm saying is, whether or not he was smoking should have absolutely no bearing on the outcome.
I wonder if he's considered employing other kids for $20/yard. I'm pretty sure most kids still think that's a good deal, and he still gets $20 for collecting the cash.
352
Wait, hold on. There are a few different ways to make popcorn.
Totally off topic, but what options for internet do you have out there??
Because the host doesn't expect anyone to be on time. It's the same thing I have to do in the US to get chronically late people to show up at the right time: tell them the function starts earlier than it does.
You've never painted a whole kitchen full of cabinets before, have you?
I mean, I guess you could just sloppily paint over it in one day. But if you're going to do it right, stripping/sanding the old paint, priming, painting a few coats, that's more than one day.
You have to be crazy to sign up in the first place. Source: American submariner
Personally, I'd say that was the invention and use of the snorkel.
Round 2: Nicholas Cage, pick almost any two of his movies and the plot barely changes. Except Ghost Rider. I'd love to see Ghost Rider switching faces or stealing the Declaration of Independence.
He's dead too.
What about jet skis?
There are countries with more sheep than people.
Spend some time on /r/personalfinance. Read the FAQ and everything in the sidebar. Soak as much of it in as you can. Your Navy paycheck isn't really different from a civilian one at the end of the day, but you have far fewer things you need to spend it on. You won't pay rent in the barracks or on the ship, for example. I'd recommend making a pretend "rent" payment to your savings account instead, or even better, raising your TSP contribution to that amount. Don't buy a car at any dealership within walking distance of a base. Don't get married to move out of the barracks.
I wear them when I'm doing something messy, like painting my house. But I've been out for a while now; I wouldn't recommend that if you still need them for PT.
&gt; Googling on the internet says that I'd be a bad parent if I did this If you leave it up to the internet to decide how you should parent, your kid would never leave a plastic bubble.
&gt; a basement that contains the entire belongings of two different people who aren't affiliated with my household. That sounds like it could be a great little income stream if you charge storage fees.
If I had to guess, it's probably somewhere around 1836-1846.
Even if they *did* test you and you *did* pop on a test in the IRR, what are they going to do? Reduce your pay? Kick you out?
They just forgot to read [this book.](https://www.amazon.com/Avoid-Huge-Ships-John-Trimmer/dp/0870334336/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1498492415&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=how+to+avoid+huge+ships)
Full speed ahead! One second per second!
Have you built a deck yet?
I think you just need to remind her that the baby *will*, at some point chew on it, spit up on it, smear poop on it, etc.
My parents were in the military, and I grew up overseas in Europe and Asia. So did my wife. So, I have a fairly unique perspective on growing up with alcohol, and I've noticed something interesting in the US. There are two types of mindsets people have concerning drinking: * Drinking automatically means getting drunk, there's no such thing as moderation * The term "drinking" can be used to specify drinking alcohol, but it's no different than a soda You can see them here in the comments, and there aren't too many people on the fence between them. Anyway, we fall in the second category. I have a beer most days with dinner. I also might have one after mowing the lawn or while grilling, or watching a movie, or pretty much any time I want a beverage. I might also do this with a glass of iced tea. I just like beer. I like beer so much, I brew my own. But I don't drink with any kind of intention to become inebriated 99% of the time. Now, that's not to say I don't tie one on sometimes. I do, but rarely. Maybe once or twice a year, and never in front of my kids. My wife drinks less often, but more in a sitting. Maybe 3-4 days a week, a wine or cider, one with dinner and maybe one or two more after the kids are in bed. I don't think that's too problematic either, honestly.
So, on one hand, I thought I might be "good" with kids, because I'm really just a big kid. But that line of thought only makes sense after kids are school age, I think. I'm really not a fan of babies or very young kids/toddlers. Especially groups, and/or in settings where ones that don't know how to behave really shouldn't be, like nice restaurants. So, then I had my own kids. And it *is* different. I think partially because I have a hand in discipline and teaching them how to act in public and be little people. My daughters are well behaved, and polite, and nice, and creative, and fun and smart. They're mostly good kids who will try to pull each others' hair out, but I honestly believe they're more pleasant to be around than the vast majority of kids their ages (4 and 2). But I still really dislike other peoples' little kids. They are rude, annoying, mean, sticky, stinky, and every terrible descriptor I had in my head of children before I had kids. And now I have to interact with them, because my kids and wife *love* playdates. I really hope this changes as the friends my daughters make get older.
It's not like the media will ever find out or anything.
Aviators too.
Right? I mean, I know he's explaining why he went to a baseball game as a British guy, but you can almost feel him rolling his eyes at Canada there.
So, I've thought about this. It's actually the ability to telekinetically move the earth itself. But due to Newton's Third Law (every action has an equal and opposite reaction) and the fact that the superhero weighs orders of magnitude less than the earth, the hero gets to appear to fly (relative to the ground). Of course, that doesn't explain the source of the telekenitic power, but I think it makes a little more sense that way.
That's more than most people get when they're rejected.
Hawaii was American soil 1941. Sure, it was a territory, but it was no different than Guam or Puerto Rico being attacked on the same level today. Also, the soldiers and sailors involved in the Pearl Harbor attacks weren't technically involved in a war *yet*.
I thought it was great. I even went out and got the podracing game for N64. I was 11 though.
Deathbeaminator.
Why is that?
&gt; The only nukes who can ask for pay like that managed to qualify Engineering Watch Supervisor (EWS) That's really only true if you decide to stay in civilian nuclear power. There are quite a few other careers you can get into where EWS is meaningless.
&gt; many Nuclear Operators will make upwards of 90k-125k right out of the military Just FYI, this really only holds true if you become an ET. Having previous reactor operating experience makes it much easier to get your civilian SRO license, which is the real driving factor for that kind of salary. If you're an EM or MM, you'll usually have to work up to those numbers over a few years (or switch companies after you get qualified...) if you stay with civilian nuclear. &gt; with a 3-4 day work week. Depends on the company and individual plant. Most that I've heard of use a modified Dupont schedule. 12 hour days are normal. I'm not saying that's bad at all; I love the schedule personally, and I *love* working nights, but it's not for everyone. &gt; Are there any other jobs that would be more worth the time + effort to income? Do you mean other rates in the Navy, or other jobs after being a nuke? Because after being a nuke, there's a good chance you're not going to want anything to do with nuclear power anymore. And there are *lots* of high paying opportunities in a few other fields. Operating the electric grid itself is incredibly lucrative, and most people don't even know these jobs exist. That's what I do, and I'm currently paid near the top of that range you're looking for without all the administrative minutiae and oversight that comes with working at a nuclear plant.
You may have a miserable enlistment, but that enlistment might only be 4 or 6 of your next 60 years.
So, the "right" answer: At the end of the day, one month is nothing in the reference frame of the rest of your life. Also, your high school girlfriend will either get over it, or you'll break up, but you'll find someone else. It's not the end of the world, and you can use this as a lesson on how to suck it up, because you're going to have to do that a lot in your near future. But that sucks to hear, right? What would I do in your shoes? Just go see her on her birthday. If you don't have a car, have someone else give you a ride. What is your mom going to do, ground you more? Legally, she has to provide you with things like food and shelter. If people can manage hunger strikes, you can deal with your xbox being taken away for a while, or being confined to your house, which is infinitely more comfortable than places some people have to be.
There are so many points to disagree with here, I honestly don't even know where to begin. I hated my six years. I did the time I signed on the dotted line for, but I counted down the days from almost the beginning. I *love* the job i got due to my Navy experience alone. The job you sign up for usually amounts to only a small fraction of the work you actually end up doing, especially as a junior sailor. I did not sign up to be a janitor or a dishwasher, for example. And when you get out, your experience doesn't shoehorn you into doing the exact same thing for the rest of your life. Far from it. If it did, I would operate or maintain the generators at a civilian nuclear plant. No thank you. But even if i *did* do that, I wouldn't have to clean them, or serve the other operators dinner, or chip and paint the facility. As a civilian, you can choose to take a job that doesn't separate you from your family for months. In fact, the vast majority of people do this. As a civilian, you don't have to "PT" at balls early in the morning. As a civilian, there is no requirement to shave or maintain any particular haircut. As a civilian, you have more free time after work to do whatever hobbies you want, or otherwise use any way you wish. You work to make money to spend in your free time, after all. I'm not saying you shouldn't consider what you want to do. If you're planning on using the GI Bill after your enlistment, it may not matter what you did while you're in. If you want to stay in for a career, *of course* you should do what you find interesting. I'm just saying, you might want to consider the rest of your life too.
Neither of them actually need a career anymore.
I am also highly motivated by cake. I'm 29. I wouldn't worry about it too much.
&gt; at what salary can you realistically max them out and live a decent life style. It depends *a lot* on where you live and what you call a "decent lifestyle." For example, the first year I maxed my 401(k), I was making $82k, and living in a $200k house in the Midwest with a SAHM wife and two kids. So, if you had less expenses (like in your example, no kids) you could probably max all of your tax advantaged space on that salary or less. But if you lived in a HCOL area, probably not. If you were single and lived in a LCOL, I'd say you can probably do it on $60k, but you may not like the resulting lifestyle.
Right, my parents didn't stop at grounding either. What I'm saying is, he's 16; he needs to evaluate what the follow-on consequences might be for his actions and whether or not those actions are worth it. That's something he'll sometimes need to do as an adult. And to those of us who aren't dealing with teenage hormones, the answer is a resounding no. But hey, I snuck out to see girls a few times, and to high school me, it was worth every bit of punishment I got.
That's kind of defeatist, isn't it?
I mean, on one hand, I agree, but... On the other, I read something on here not too long ago that really changed how I see people. I'm paraphrasing, but basically: there are two different thoughts on what "respect" means. some people think it means to treat someone as an authority, while others think it means to treat someone like a *person*. OP's mom has clearly shown no respect of either kind for OP. It gets thrown around this sub all the time to stand up for yourself and not waste your time trying to respect people who don't show the same courtesy to you. OP is going to be an adult soon. The most important thing his mom can do is teach him how to make responsible, adult decisions. She's not doing that at all.
No, but her reasons for doing so aren't helping anyone.
Doesn't everyone live at home?
He also has a 7 figure income.
No, not because she grounded him. Because the punishment doesn't fit the "crime." I mean, I'm only going by what OP has told us. Maybe she tried to talk to him about the stuff she found first, but he was a little shit about it. But if OP is a reliable narrator, most people realize there aren't consequences for the things he mentioned in the real world.
Whoa. That's deep, man.
Truth is, I do agree with that. But don't you think it's time to start relaxing some of those excessive restrictions? The people I knew in my early 20s who went off the deep end (dangerously!) with drinking/drugs/sex etc as soon as they moved out on their own were the ones with super strict parents and wanted to try all the taboo things.
Every once in a while, someone is directed here for the right reasons though.
&gt; Having a job doesn't mean you're working hard Exactly. I can tell you with complete honesty that I do not work hard at my job the vast majority of the time. Not only that, but my kids can't see what I'm doing at work. Maybe I'm digging ditches, or maybe I'm a mobster. All they know is how I treat them when I come home.
If your long-term plan is to open a dental practice, what would stop you from commissioning in the military as a dentist yourself? I could be wrong, but I think that's the question you should be asking: How do I earn a commission in the Navy with the Dental Corps?
Almost any job that needs a [NERC Certification](http://www.nerc.com/pa/Train/SysOpCert/Pages/default.aspx). You should search for things like "Reliability Coordinator," "Generation Dispatcher," "Transmission Operator," and "Balancing Authority Operator." Some companies give these positions different titles, and some pay less, but you can easily negotiate low six figures just by having an RC cert. The best money and maybe the most interesting work is going to be found at an Independent System Operator and/or Regional Transmission Organization. Some companies are both. Secondhand, I know a few ex nukes who *did* get into civ nuke (and other conventional power plants), and their word is what I said before. I know some ex MMs who got into QA positions, and they seem to be doing well, but I couldn't tell you for certain they're doing $90k well. Another I know is a boiler inspector for an insurance company. It's a lot of travel, but it sounds fun *and* they give him per diem when he's on the road. There are also training departments for all of these positions and more. If you are/were an instructor (A School/Power School/Prototype), you generally have a good shot at those positions too.
It's $5 a week.
I got one for that exact reason. It's great.
I dispatch and balance the electric grid. What this means is I control when power plants come on and off, and how much power they can produce. Too much generation or load in the wrong place can cause damage to the power lines. I've never met anyone outside the industry that knew about the job before I told them about it.
What about hospitalman?
[http://www.public.navy.mil/bupers-npc/reference/nec/NEOCSVol1/Documents/HN_occs_CH-58,%20Apr14.pdf](http://www.public.navy.mil/bupers-npc/reference/nec/NEOCSVol1/Documents/HN_occs_CH-58,%20Apr14.pdf) I wasn't a corpsman, but that threw me for a loop when I was in. There used to be dentalmen too.
Hey, you're not /u/Roman_veteran!
that's okay, he's unstoppable.
I brew in my garage, and I just use my regular garden hose. I figure if it was good enough for me to drink from as a kid, it's good enough to make beer from now. Especially since people have been brewing with whatever water they can access for thousands of years. Like /u/canehdianman, I turn it on for a few minutes to flush out the water that's been sitting in there first just in case, but I've made some pretty great beer with my city water.
And a few 30-something hipsters.
$60k is pretty good money in most of the country. Just not in high COL areas.
How do you sleep?
Brokerage? Use your tax-advantaged space first.
Fair enough.
If I'm paying $20 for some garlic fries, I want to eat them in a luxurious building with a roof. Then again, ours aren't much cheaper.
Just not keeping track of their spending. If you were to write down how much you spend, on what, each month and how much you make and save, you'll notice some chunk missing. Where did that $25 or $50, or so go? Almost everyone has some amount. I think collectively, that's where society wastes the most money.
Thunder Bay is only a few hours north of Minneapolis. I think the weather is mostly the same, but slightly colder. It does get to -40 in some parts of Minnesota, but not very often. And the summers are fantastic. I actually just went up to Thunder Bay a few weeks ago. I like it, and the surrounding area, but I can see why it's not for everyone.
Something something relevant username.
&gt; three people every year from age 18 Most people start earlier than 18 too.
