I don't know if it's the same stuff, but while working at a factory over the summer to help make some money during my college years I had a horrible experience with yellow paint. "Safety Yellow" it was called, and our job was to paint things around the plant that needed to be safety yellow. Doors, poles, rails; whatever. That paint... I literally don't know what it was made of. It was thick, and somehow sticky. Not sticky like you'd expect paint to be, but rather tacky. It seemed when it dried on literally any surface except the surface we were supposed to be painting it would not actually try, and the shit was like glitter. No matter what you did, no matter how hard you'd try to clean it off, if you got any on your hands or a finger or a few spots on your shirt it *would* find it's way, streaked onto your phone or your wallet or pop up on your steering wheel in your car and always magically end up on your skin in the shower two days later. For four years I worked with that shit, and I hated every second of it. Give me the red paint for the heavy fire doors, or the blue paint for the walls, or even the fucking silver and tar paint on the roof; anything but that goddamn yellow paint. Shit was sentient and chaotic evil.
I think (or at least hope) that Bungie has it set up this way so that everyone gets a chance to play through the bosses. So for example, I'm lvl 33 and didn't care to try Qodron last week because I didn't want to deal with fighting him at 1 lvl higher. But now this week I can get a taste of what other players did last week, though it's not as difficult. So in theory, next time Qodron comes around the rounds will be different.
Exactly what I call it, too. "Blue people avatar" or "blue avatar."
PULL!
While I appreciate your criticism and opinion, I have one question; what is the legality of posting Wizards' material online? Games Workshop, for example, is extremely strict about the stats and rules of their games being posted for others to see, and very quickly shuts down any attempt at making them publicly available. So, would Wizards care if I posted the brown dragon from 4e to use as a reference?
Perhaps it was just described as a "green skin woman alien" or something, and the assumption later on is that she must have been a Twi'lek? Idk.
I was really hoping that not only was it like this, but that the SSGSS color were based on the mixing of their ki. So, SSGSS Goku would be orange (red god ki, plus yellow SS ki). SSGSS Vegeta would be green (blue go dki, plus yellow SS ki). Ideally I'd want Vegeta's ki to be red as well, so it doesn't get crazy, but when I saw the blue form this was the best I could hope for. Very disappointed it didn't go that way. As /u/Saratje points out, the golden hair is iconic and now it's basically gone.
You may have convinced me to go Eldritch Knight/Wizard instead of pure Eldritch Knight. The only problem is that I would still want heavy armor because I just like the idea of it, but that way with plate armor and Shield I can be running around most turns in combat with 23 AC.
Hey /u/ItsADnDMonsterNow, what do you think of my [ancient brown dragon stat block](https://jvhageshii01.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/brown-dragon-stat-block1.jpg)? Converted it from 4e and tried to put it in line with the other chromatics from 5e.
Just remember that even a contract can be made null and void if it includes clauses that the courts would fine "unreasonable and that no reasonable person will agree to." It's why you can't stick things like "legally required to sell your first-born child to us" in an iTunes Terms of Agreement.
*1,500 GP, but the point stands.
If the cleric keeps "nearly dying" then perhaps this isn't as terribly unbalanced. The tank is supposed to tank. One thing the DM could do it introduce a few monsters that can get rid of the cleric for a turn or two. Fear him, restrain him, stun him or blind him; whatever needs to be done that just gets the cleric off to the side for a bit. Then the monsters in question can try to focus on the rest of the party. On top of that, focus on more lower CR monsters rather than one or two higher CR ones; more bodies means that the PCs have to spread their damage around. That was the first thing I noticed; all of your examples show the party against one creature; it's natural that it could be burned down quickly because there are four people tearing into it at once. But if there were three creatures; well now damage has to be spread around a bit; they'll either down one very quickly, leaving the other two to act, or they'll do a bit of damage to all three and you still have three very pissed off whatevers to deal with.
You can still think it looks silly, regardless of whether it is historically accurate. This is fantasy, we're talking about. A bit of unrealistic design is expected and shouldn't be a bad thing.
The back scabbard in Shadow of Mordor has a pretty good design that allows the sword to be drawn from the back; the scabbard is really only holding the last couple of inches/half a foot of the sword, so when Talion goes to draw it the sword clears that holder quickly and can be drawn easily.
Coulda just given himself cancer or a debilitating disease somehow. And then you get Deadpool.
Down vote, scroll and move on then.
But that's my point. I don't believe the entire place is going to shit because a few posts like this make it to the front page. It's not akin to murder at all. I saw it and giggled; my experience was made better for it.
I enjoy Star Trek, but just because something "is the point" doesn't mean someone has to like it. He says he didn't like it because it's too philosophical. You say that's the point. I say yes... And that's why he doesn't like it.
Then I like you.
I don't really read it that way, but that just may be my unfair bias. We weren't there, we don't know the tone of voice or how she usually act. It *does* feel like the mother is implying that the mother worked so much harder, the child shouldn't feel tired by comparison and so shouldn't be asking to rest/not talk. Again, that may not be true, but it's certainly the vibe I get.
I tried to follow this video exactly for my anniversary last year. Ended up deboning the chicken quite successfully and made a great dinner, but I could not ever figure out the lollipop thing. Just beyond me, no matter how much I tried.
They are still pretty damn horrible. They berate every single thing Harry does, don't even consider his words when he explains something to them; yeah Harry grows to be very sarcastic towards him, but then I completely understand why. They really sorta deserve it. Logic isn't going to work with them, so Harry doesn't bother with logic anymore.
People like you are the problem... He didn't half-ass it and it's extremely frustrating seeing so many people out to demonize him for this role. Ghost has plenty of great lines.
He stagger from a 365 BH? I literally just upgraded mine last night; got really lucky doing the Nightfall on my alt Warlock and got an etheric light. Might be able to just have my fireteam keep the adds off me if I can just stagger him for days.
Same. Oh this will be sweet.
I see your point. I'd personally like to see the TTKs of Thorn and TLW toned down just a bit; literally every other weapon in the game falls into neat little categories; someone here did the math on it, and I apologize for not having the time to find it right now. But both Thorn and TLW were complete outliers and did way more damage than their "gun type" should allow. That's frustrating, knowing that. I just want them nerfed slightly to fall in line with other weapons, and then auto rifles re-buffed slightly. Then I think we'll be at a nearly perfect state, at least for primaries.
Great guide, but I have a question. I've been out of the community for years. Are people putting together huge sprawling adventure maps now for other people to play through?
Did the 34. Actually ended up using Gjallie mostly for the wizards that kept spawning and rushing us.
Full Auto and Firefly aren't the best combo; better to have Full Auto and Zen Moment, which could help with the stability once Full Auto starts kicking in, and then you could have Explosive Rounds rather than a stability perk. Or if you want Firefly I might suggest Triple Tap and Firefly with a stability perk; I personally love it. Great against anything that doesn't dance around too much.
Step 1: Run up to one of them until it opens and use a rocket, sniper, or whatever whatever you need in order to down it quickly Step 2: Turn 180 degrees and just run to the end of the area Step 3: ???? Step 4: Profit Then just repeat. I never died from them doing two runs yesterday, and killed them as well. If you use a sniper and can get your ally to run forward then run back before you kill the shrieker the death blasts might even just dance around near the temple entrance and not even go near you.
I was under the impression that 7th Edition very nicely fits in with the codices for 6th without any problems. But I guess I haven't played a game in a long time so maybe they don't. Still seems sorta frustrating; I had purchased the Salamanders special edition codex thinking I'd have at least a few years of use for it when I started my salamander army; now I feel like I wasted that money. :/
Yeah, definitely dollar signs scattered around. Well, guess I know better now.
That was released September 2013 with the other SM codices. It's just the 6th Edition SM codex with a Salamander on the front and a special transparent cover instead of the base marine. It *was* a limited edition run, so I suppose I'm not too angry.
THIS IS EXACTLY MY PROBLEM WITH MOST OF THE GAUNTLETS; THE ASSYMETRY IS KINDA COOL BUT FUCK I REALLY DIDN'T LIKE HAVING ONE BLACK GAUNTLET AND ONE WHITE GAUNTLET WHEN I WAS WEARING THE DEATHSINGER'S GRASP.
So I, as a monk with access to Disarming Strike through the Martial Adept feat, can indeed disarm using my unarmed strike/Flurry of Blows and the Disarming Attack maneuver?
I was originally going to make my monk an Avatar, but then quickly realized how awful the subclass was and went with a Bruce Lee monk instead.
Gotcha. Thank you.
I was able to do it. It took a LOT of salt. I'm talking half a can of one of those Morton salt containers with the metal pop spout. Did tests with a few dice using the water, then choose two of those dice, rolled each of them 100 times (3 times each; so 300 rolls per die) and intend to post the results later in the next day or two after some analysis.
Oh sure; once I hit lvl 8 I'll be wizard 2, so the shield I get won't be very substantial. I'm planning on going Fighter 8/Wizard 12 though, so I'll have spell slots for a lvl 14 caster. Thanks!
Tyranids as well, no? Or did they get some sort of 7th edition change that I haven't yet noticed.
Unfortunately I have. I had two absolutely shitty experiences with DMs; one killed me seven times in one campaign, over maybe three or four sessions, before I finally said I wasn't interested anymore and stopped attending. The other seemed to almost purposely gimp my character in a Rifts campaign. I was the weakest of the group, could barely scrap by with double digit damage while everyone else ran around with triple digits, and had my one redeeming quality shat on because reasons. Then I had my magic taken from me, I was killed, then revived, and then re-gifted my shitty magic. Meanwhile everyone else had their powers taken from them and was gifted absolutely kickass powers. And I was blamed for that because I "didn't play the game right." Considering that was my first ever experience with roleplaying ever, maybe that's not entirely my fault.
Fair enough. That's another codex where I got the limited edition. *sigh* This company.
No, gladly not. One friend of mine is our go-to DM because he's so good.
I just finished reading *The Silmarillion*. Iluvatar very clearly describes them as "the children of my adoption" vs the Elves and Men, who are "the children of my choice." Sure that can be interpreted different ways, but it would seem to me that he does take them as his own in a way. This is also the only reference I can find to the Dwarves and an afterlife; "Aforetime it was held among the Elves in Middle-earth that dying the Dwarves returned to the earth and the stone of which they were made; yet that is not their own belief. For they say that Aule the Maker, whom they call Mahal, cares for them, and gathers them to Mandos in halls set apart; and that he declared to their Fathers of old that Iluvatar will hallow them and give them a place among the Children in the End. Then their part shall be to serve Aule and to aid him in the remaking of Arda after the Last Battle. They say also that the Seven Fathers of the Dwarves return to live again in their own kin and to bear once more their ancient names: of whom Durin was the most renowned in after ages, father of that kindred most friendly to the Elves, whose mansions were at Khazad-dum." These are two separate beliefs, but neither is given as the true belief. I'd say it's up to personal choice, and I'd personally lean toward the latter. Especially since there *are* a bunch of Durins that are *supposed* to match the Dwarven belief of reincarnation of the Seven Fathers.
True of all races and classes, really.
I find myself trying to do that a lot. Example; just last night my dragonborn fighter was setting about to loot a tomb; his employer had instructed him to acquire a particular helm. In the homebrew setting that my DM has dragonborn see one's spirit as being the true them, and the body is just a vessel. Once you die the body is little more than a large paperweight made of meat, so dragonborn hold no reverence for people's remains. They honor their dead by remembering them, which keeps their spirit alive. So I open this tomb in a land well known for grandma periodically rising from her grave to try and eat the kids, plunge my longsword upon which I casted Light for illumination in the late afternoon) into the ground, and start casting a Detect Magic ritual before I go touching things. Someone distracts me during the ritual and I purposely turned my back on the tomb to fight the new opponent with my *great*sword and left my longsword right in front of the skeleton. Because my character *wouldn't have been concerned* about anything happening to it, even though I was fully aware my character was probably going to end up fighting a fairly strong undead by himself, and now it had his sword.
Well he asked the Internet, ya know?
Black Hammer can fire continuously and literally never stop until the boss is dead (assuming proper aim, the boss doesn't move, etc.). You never have to reload it.
**Pteranodons!**
The instinct NOT to jump from a great height is really strong in our species. Generally it doesn't end well for us.
Guys, there are two kinds of JP fans. Let it go.
I was commenting the chain of people going "JPIII was better" "Nu-uh TLW was better." I've found that there are exactly two kinds of JP fans; those who like TLW as the better sequel, and those who like JPIII as the better sequel. But neither are wrong.
What I mean is that she's still innocent to me, at least as far as being deserving of death.
Great designs, though I'd personally like them more with a standard "eye" on all of them.
ಠ_ಠ
That could be neat, yeah.
Yeah turtles split off so long ago. I was surprised to learn that.
I see you're playing Destiny.
Then I miss stuff. :(
Funny enough, I actually don't think they are *Deinonychus*. I think they are *Achillobator*, which is exactly the right size AND lived in Mongolia. *Deinonychus* was smaller than the movie raptors by quite a bit.
I honestly think people are looking for CGI to be bad because then they aren't "being fooled." I think this is a subconscious thing. I myself thought the raptors in the holding restraints looked like bad CGI at first. Then I realized like an idiot they were animatronic in that scene. And suddenly I realized I was subconsciously trying to "see" the CGI. Once I stopped doing that I was able to appreciate how good it was.
This is how I planned on eventually doing it. I see shamans as basically being clerics of nature; they worship and interact with spirits the way a normal cleric worships a god. Seems to be the better option. The lack of spirit companion sucks, though.
The CGI and animatronics were so alike that you can't tell them apart. That's a good thing, but everyone seems to want to ignore that fact so they have something else to complain about. Because leave it to people on the Internet to complain about something popular.
The CGI and animatronics were so alike that you can't tell them apart. That's a good thing, but everyone seems to want to ignore that fact so they have something else to complain about. Because leave it to people on the Internet to complain about something popular.
He's sweet until you start fucking with his job or insulting him. Then he's going to fight back.
The acting in A New Hope is absolutely atrocious; I realized that when I was rewatching the films with a friend a few months ago. Only Obi-Wan, Tarkin, and James Earl Jones' voice over is really well done. The acting in The Empire Strikes Back is leagues better for everyone involved.
"Yes, sir." "Yes, sir." "No, sir." "Yes, sir." "Yes, sir."
Do you get everything from the LE in the CE?
The hell is this man being down voted for? You ever see Wedding Crashers? Horrible Bosses? Forty Days and Forty Nights? Super? The Rookie? Female-on-male rape is constantly played for laughs in Hollywood, or at least not a problem. It's disturbing. And /u/Oldchap226 was using sarcasm to acknowledge this point because it's very relevant here. And you guys downvote him??
So why didn't everyone else just play water???
I just finished the Baron quest chain and am supposed to go to Skellige now. Are there lots of cards to buy there? I've really been wanting to build a Monster deck but can never find cards for it.
Perfect! Thank you.
&gt; until one day he gives you a driver that fires a ball directly at the hole from the tee, which detonates into 6 balls that all fall into the hole at the same time, and everything's OK. How many strokes would that be?
Random question; if the ENTIRE inventory got deleted then what happens when there isn't any gear to wear?
Is that true, though? Fist of Havoc was always regarded as "space magic" by the devs before the game was released (when we kept getting the same gameplay over and over again), and the Defender bubble clearly shows the Titans channeling magic in their hands and then throwing the bubble out. They *are* magical, just in a more direct and brute-force-ish way. They're not going to necessarily cast Magic Missile, but they can magically empower their strikes or create a ward/shield. Different kind of application; still magic. That's what makes a Titan a Titan.
His concepts of economy are concerning, though. His policy would flood the market with Strength-based and anti-shank armors and weapons, which just isn't sustainable. I do have to say I appreciate his social policies, though.
I'm of the assumption that the cells are stasis containers that you basically just throw someone into and lock them down in cryo. They keep the guns because it's done hurriedly; no time to disarm them. They aren't actually put in chains or handcuffs and then put in prison so much as they are captured in the midst of battle and contained, like what we see happen to Skolas on Venus. Then for PoE the Awoken let them out.
Being outside the Crucible doesn't mean you die permanently though; Ghost revives are part of the lore. Now it absolutely is still a Guardian killer; I just don't think the "outside the Crucible" part is apt.
Boy or girl?
You're right. I just meant that the Ghost revives aren't a Crucible-only mechanic or something; you can revive outside the Crucible in the same way provided you aren't in a Darkness Zone.
Yes, I agree. What I meant isn't that Guardians can't die, but that the Crucible isn't a special place where Ghosts can revive you. You can be revived from anywhere that isn't a Darkness Zone, and assuming that your Ghost isn't taken/destroyed.
Man; I felt like the part where he'd make them stare at /u/TORFdot0 's family and threaten to kill him and them was bad enough; like some crazed murderer would break into the house in a bear suit and fuck with him. The crab walking just made it worse.
Sorta related; I was around 5 or 6 I think and it was my younger sister's birthday. We had lots of family over. My house at the time was a single-floor ranch style, and we had a basement. [Here's a really shitty layout of the house, which should make this story a tiny bit easier to understand.](http://i.imgur.com/5X4XjPL.jpg) The birthday party stuff was going on in the basement; that's where pretty much everyone was. I had to use the bathroom, so I went up the stairs, turned right and then right again to get to the hallway, and started walking down to the bathroom. I remember it being early to mid evening; not super dark but the sun had mostly gone down. It was May so probably around 6:00 or 7:00 pm? Anyway, in order to get to the bathroom you have to walk by my sister's room. As I walk by her room I casually look in; the door was open so it just seemed natural to do so. Inside it was dark, but it was light enough outside that I could see.... something sitting on her bed. It was silhouetted against the window. I recall it being hairy looking, almost like a wookiee (but again; it was just its silhouette so there were no details or color; it was just black). And it's eyes were glowing kinda like a cat's; not supernaturally but nocturnally, if that makes sense. I saw it and then kept walking; didn't even see it for longer than a second. I got to the bathroom, terrified by what I saw, but did my business. Then I had to get back to the party. And I did so; went right by her room. Only this time I didn't look in; just very quickly hustled back to the kitchen area and to the stairs. No idea what I saw, why I saw it, what it could mean, or anything. I DO know that we were keeping coats on top of her bed, but I don't recall it looking like a coat; it was upright. Whatever it was until I was at least in high school whenever I'd walk by her room at night I'd look into it. Never saw it or anything like it again, so frankly I have no clue.
Thanks, Dad.
The kids ages are slightly reversed for one (Tim is roughly the same age, I think, but book Lex is younger while she's older in the film). Their expertise is also thrown around; in the book Tim was the dinosaur AND computer expert. In the film Lex gets the computer knowledge. And yes in the book she's useless... as you'd expect a small child to be.
Completely disagree with that. Star Destroyers are the main battleships of the Imperial fleet. They are ships-of-the-line and firm the backbone of the Imperial fleet as a battleship should. Destroyers don't operate alone, as ISDs can, and frigates don't have the firepower to do what an ISD does. The SSD is just a specialized and even larger battleship-like vessel.
Sorry to dig up an old post, but trust me; they did. They weren't complaining that the article was wrong, though; they were upset that I hadn't included any EVE ships. Unfortunately I haven't played EVE and purposely tried to stick to IPs that I knew about.
As an aside, my understanding is that it's proper to use an article the *first* time you make reference to the ship in a written work, and then not to use the article after. I could be mistaken.
Remember; Lynch saw the Snitch first in that final dive, not Krum. Krum was just able to overtake him in time and catch it before Lynch could. Arguably, had he not caught the Snitch then Lynch would have, making it an embarrassing 320-10 ending score. Again, arguably. Lynch had already faceplanted once, but then did it again. I wonder if the second hit was because of Krum or his own ineptitude; I suspect that he might have crashed regardless, at which point Krum would have been able to catch the Snitch basically at his leisure. That's a bit of a gamble; the "smart" choice would have been to let Lynch do what he was doing; Bulgaria would lose regardless and if Lynch *failed* then Krum could potentially pull a win, as you point out. But this way the team as a whole gets to save a bit more face, which may have been more important to him. I think he did what he felt he needed to do in the moment.
The way I see it, not catching the Snitch gave them a *very* small chance that his team could have come back, and a very very very big chance that his team would lose 320-10. That would hurt the team more than anything else. I mean, Bulgaria won the last Cup anyway so maybe it's a moot point.
As in the one in 2014.
Apparently it's all from Pottermore. Pretty cool, actually. The Haiti team brought Inferi. It.... it was bad. Ginny jinxes Rita in the chest during the finals though... so I guess it evens out. http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/2014_Quidditch_World_Cup
If I said that around my Chinese co-worker shed poss herself laughing. There's racism from hatred and then there's.... well this. Our generation is too easily offended.
He'd wig was actually played by a few male snowy owls. Males are almost purely white while females have a lot of dark banding.
I just lost a long-term friend because she and her husband were pissed that they missed getting a Fallout 4 collector's edition pre-order, started screaming at people on FB, and didn't appreciate me telling them they were being dicks and to calm down. The fuck is wrong with people? IT'S A VIDEO GAME!!!!
*Quarks*
Based on the fact that the Bible explains that the shepherds were out with their sheep it puts the date closer to late summer/early fall.
Pisses me off and I'm not even a father yet.
Maybe we shouldn't be afraid of our wives? No? K, I'll be quiet.
"Crusader" would have made me piss myself with joy. You get that nice imagery with Dark Souls and knights/paladins praising the sun in there as well.
Eh.... as one with a biology degree I took an animal behavior class, and Koko was part of one of the lessens. I have to say, after reading over some of the transcrips of her "conversations" with her trainer I found it extremely, well, not definitive. Most of the stuff was Koko signing some seemingly random word, and then her trainer "interpreted" that to mean something specific. And I wasn't sold on it. Here's an example; part of an AOL transcript. As I understand people were able to ask questions and Koko's trainer (Dr. Patterson) would interpret her signs for the audience. HaloMyBaby is the moderator for the chat. You can read the whole thing [here](http://pubpages.unh.edu/~jel/kokotranscript.html) &gt;Question: EFRN asks: Would Koko like to have a kitten, a dog, or another Gorilla as a friend? &gt;LiveKOKO: dog &gt;DrPPatrsn: She actually has two dog friends right now one kitty and two gorillas. &gt;HaloMyBaby: SBM87: ask What are the names of your kittens? (and dogs?) &gt;LiveKOKO: foot &gt;DrPPatrsn: Foot isn't the name of your kitty &gt;HaloMyBaby: Koko, what's the name of your cat? &gt;LiveKOKO: no &gt;DrPPatrsn: She just gave some vocalizations there... some soft puffing &gt;HaloMyBaby: I heard that soft puffing! &gt;DrPPatrsn: Now shaking her head no. &gt;Question: Do you like to chat with other people? &gt;HaloMyBaby: That was from Rulucky! &gt;LiveKOKO: fine nipple &gt;DrPPatrsn: Nipple rhymes with people, she doesn't sign people per se, she was trying to do a "sounds like..." Now, Koko answers one question perfectly reasonably; when asked if she'd like a kitten, dog, or gorilla friend she says dog. Okay. But then she very incorrectly answers a question, then apparently refuses to answer, and then Dr. Patterson gives an interpretation of her "fine nipple" response that swings it to something like "these are fine people" or "it's fine to talk to these people" or whatever. Here's another example. &gt;HaloMyBaby: How do you feel about Michael? &gt;LiveKOKO: foot, foot, good &gt;HaloMyBaby: foot means male, right? &gt;LiveKOKO: nipple &gt;DrPPatrsn: Remember that foot=male, right. &gt;LiveKOKO: good &gt;DrPPatrsn: She's acting out a little here. &gt;HaloMyBaby: What about Ndume? &gt;LiveKOKO: bad &gt;HaloMyBaby: Oh dear. &gt;LiveKOKO: toilet &gt;HaloMyBaby: Uh oh! &gt;DrPPatrsn: That's her word for bad! &gt;HaloMyBaby: I thought he was supposed to be her mate! What did he do to you today, Koko? &gt;DrPPatrsn: I don't know... she doesn't have good things to say about him today. &gt;LiveKOKO: down &gt;DrPPatrsn: What did he do today? He did something obnoxious that was obnoxious, but I didn't see what happened. Maybe they had a little tiff. Again; there's implications here I suppose but it's so not definitive to me. I don't want to be *that guy* trying to claim that Koko is all a hoax and none of this is real; I think there is *something* there, but certainly when people act like she was a fluent signer and could really speak to us I don't think that's really true at all.
It's much more likely that InGen had designed a couple of version of raptors, and these probably were a "reject" version that they kept alive for reasons, but then moved on to the JP/TLW versions. Remember that InGen was doing its cloning in the late 80s/early 90s; if raptors had popped out with feathers or bright colors back then they likely would have said "Oh shit, we messed up. These aren't right. Back to the lab to start over!"
Oh I agree with you, definitely. Interestingly, I've discovered a third variant; people who are just now watching the films seem to not like JP as much. My co-worker, for example, never really saw them but wanted to see all three before seeing JW; after seeing JP and TLW she told me she didn't *hate* JP, but thought it was kinda boring most of the time and didn't like it nearly as much as TLW. She's much more of an action-fan, so I suppose I see why.
Well yes, it is explained that the purplish raptors with the quills are male and the white ones female. Problem is both designs are completely different from the female raptors in JP and the males and females in TLW. The explanation given is that the raptors evolved, but frankly that's illogical and comes off as JP3 trying to be edgy. We see in JP that the embryos that Nedry steals have version numbers on their labels, and version numbers were a big part of the books. It makes more sense that the JP3 raptors are just another variety that InGen made.
Sure sure, you aren't wrong. I just need to argue hesitance for people. Most everyone assumes she was fluent because that's basically what we were told.
Our penises do the same thing too; it's the reason for the mushroom shape. Large part of it is also a square peg/round hole thing; lots of species have oddly shaped penises because the females have oddly shaped vaginas. Keeps the proper genera able to mate and prevents intergenera breeding.
/r/mensrights and /r/feminism should be getting along great, because feminism is about equal rights for everyone, man or woman. The problem is the couple of feminazis and misogynist assholes who make both groups look like insane and controlling idiots. I'm a man *and* a feminist who cares about men's *and* women's rights; they aren't mutually exclusive and shouldn't be.
Oh I absolutely would not disagree with you. That's fucked.
It's super cereal shit like this that makes it impossible for me to stay with a guild. I game to have fun; once you start turning it into a job I'm not having fun anymore.
1 of 7 now, no? James Newton Howard won this year.
Perhaps, but I always looked at it as a Borderlands-type of FPS, which has heavy RPG elements. That's how I described it to anyone who asked about it.
Valus has ALWAYS had solar burn; I have no idea what people are talking about. I distinctly remember someone complaining about we almost *never* see anything except solar burn on Valus.
Unfortunately I can't open that at work, but I do believe you. Which is weird, because I know I've encountered solar burn on him before. It's possible I'm just thinking of that rainbow burn from a while ago, but that doesn't seem right. Oh well.
This is so weird to me. I meant *always* like "it's always been a thing that he could have had it". I'm really trying to figure out why I remember so distinctly a solar burn Valus. Maybe someone was just *talking* about it, and that entered my brain as fact? Well, I apologize.
There needs to be a big change. A big statement, and I agree with you; not playing for one day isn't that statement. I'm so torn; I really do enjoy the game and I really do enjoy playing it with my friends, but now I feel like I *shouldn't* be playing it and I don't want to reward Bungie for this behavior, and either way I'm sure my friends will all refuse to play it so even if I did want to keep going I wouldn't have as much fun anyway.
Guys, *there is a version of the expansion that just has TTK in it.* [*It's what is $40.*](http://www.destinythegame.com/taken-king/wheretobuy) You get the entire package in the "legendary edition" for $60 now; that's what comes with Destiny, TDB, and HoW. I don't know if they changed this or what, but it seems like they saw we were pissed that you needed to get the bundle for $40, and so made the $40 bundle just TTK and then made a more expensive bundle for $60. I think I'm even more insulted.
You and I are practically the same person. I didn't get the CE (yet) because I was still thinking about whether I should be an adult or a fanboy. The game is so fun to play, I really enjoy it; whatever its shortcomings I love playing it. But now... after I've been insulted by an asshole who probably gets to keep his job anyway.... And one of the other horrible things about this? Most of my friends moved on from the game a while ago. I was able to convince my roommate to keep playing, and my gf still plays with me. They are my fireteam, but with this bullshit I don't see either of them getting TTK. And as such I don't see myself having anyone to play with except randoms. And that's not going to be fun for me. I really hate this situation, and maybe it's shallow but I can't help but blame Luke smith for it. $40 for the expansion; that's not completely unreasonable. But everything else? Fuck that noise.
People either aren't paying attention to that, then, or taking things out of context. So we *have* had a TTK-alone option the entire time. That doesn't excuse some other problems, but why hasn't anyone payed attention to that?
Hey I'm heterocurious myself; ain't nothing wrong with sucking a little dick. But if that dick were Crota's?
Yes, I understand that. *I'm pissed about that, too.* But I've also seen a lot of people complaining that there is no way to get TTK alone, which seems false.
Apatosaurus. Just trying to be helpful.
Mosasaurus, an aquatic reptile (and not a dinosaur). Just want to be helpful.
I WAS VERY SURPRISED AND PLEASED WHEN I TRIED IT OUT, BUT THAT SAID I STILL GOT MY FATHER TO GET ME A TURTLEBEACH HEADSET FOR XBONE FOR CHRISTMAS SOON AFTER. I CAN'T IMAGINE HOW HE FEELS KNOWING THAT HIS 24 YEAR OLD SON ALWAYS ASKS FOR GAMING STUFF FOR CHRISTMAS BUT FUCK IT THE HEADSET WORKS GREAT AND I DON'T LIKE SPORTS ANYWAY.
HEY EVERYONE; THIS GUY GETS GOOD INTERNET THROUGH COMCAST. LET'S ALL SURROUND HIM AND START CRYING THAT'LL SHOW HIM.
I HAD A FANG OF IR YUT DROP FOR ME NOT TOO LONG BEFORE HOW DROPPED; I SHARDED IT BECAUSE I LIKED MY OVERSOUL EDICT AND WASN'T A FAN OF SCOUT RIFLES THEN AND NEEDED THE MATS FOR SOMETHING ELSE. I'M A HORRIBLE STUPID FUCKING IDIOT AND I SHOULD DIE IN A FIRE.
HE SHOULD STRAP THEM TO HIS HEAD LIKE A TRICERATOPS. TRITHUNDERTOPS!
It *might be*, but either way those were Apatosaurus and not Brontosaurus, which is a different animal.
True true. Potentially much better profit margins.
Do they *still* do that? Because I'm 90% sure my friend had our dilos set to follow him, starting farming for meat and hide, and they would still eat everything that he (and they) killed. I think they were set to "attack his target" so maybe that's a problem? What else should they be set to?
Apparently it only takes a handful of generations for people to forget things; not *entirely* unreasonable if SS wasn't brought up often.
Yes.
I also got mine from the Summer Sale. Last day of it, too. I don't like the glasses, though. *shrug*
Honestly myself and my tribe do well with 5 or 6 dilos. I think our lowest is lvl 10 and our highest is lvl 48 or so (got lucky with her).
I saw one of those.... mated to a greenish one. Did not go near.
:/ So what I mean is, the Ptera will get up and fly away, won't it?
I wouldn't call this gamebreaking, but when mounting a raptor and wearing hide gloves I noticed that my "arms" were apparently left floating in the air from where I mounted. [Pics.](http://imgur.com/a/kwmk8) I noticed this happened again at least one other time as well.
That raptor has Delta's vertical pupil, though. Charlie's are round.
Don't downvote this guy; he's completely correct. Birds fall under the "reptile" group. They are technically reptiles just as much as lizards are. Source: biologist.
OP could always *try* that thing about how you get get two strangers to fall in love. The process where you answer intimate question and then stare into each other's eyes for one minute. Or something.
Here's [a crappy pic of the Carbo saddle](http://i.imgur.com/BeJLuSP.jpg); sorry that it's not more optimal. Was just a shot I grabbed earlier while my tribe was moving location.
*Iguanadon* that gets you more fiber would be awesome indeed; I'm not a huge fan of the *Gigantopithecus* idea; I like dinosaurs personally. If not an Iguanadon then maybe an *Edmontosaurus*, or a *Maiasaura*. *Iguanadon* would be more iconic, though.
*A* prophet of Islam.
I'd love this idea. However, aren't the particular "favored" berries for each genus the equivalent of prime meat?
That's very fair. You make a good point.
"Melanistic" I *think* is the correct term.
No problem! Mind that it's been painted white and red in that shot.
ELEPHANTS ARE BIGGER IN PERSON!
Mildly related; do we know what One Piece is yet?
No he was still a padawan under Qui-Gon. Yoda even says so.
I thought it was the Galaxy-wide term for the children of any species. Hence when you have a collection of many species' children, they are "younglings" rather than listing children, cubs, calves, chicks, etc.
Yes. He actually says as much to Anakin in the film. &gt;"First, I want you to go to the Jedi Temple. We will catch them off balance. Do what must be done, Lord Vader. **Do not hesitate. Show no mercy.** ***Only then will you be strong enough with the Dark Side to save Padmé.***" He really does basically tell him that he needs to fully give himself up to the dark side and kill *everyone* or he won't be able to save Padmé. So yeah, I'd call it a test.
I definitely would have picked it up if it were available on Xbox One or PC.
If I may ask, what are you playing on; PC or console? If it's PC, I felt exactly the same way you did about the controls; really clunky and difficult to play. I was having a hard time in combat. But then I plugged in an Xbox controller and suddenly I was rolling, dodging, swinging, firing spells; all very smooth and I felt like an actual skilled combatant instead of a floundering Magikarp out of water. I think the game just doesn't play well with a mouse and keyboard.
Isn't he flesh below the neck, though? He looks like he is.
If it's a commercial mask, I actually need one for a Thanatos cosplay. wish I could get one.
Maybe that suit is made from spandex.
Tharizdun is the ultimate evil in my setting. He's chaotic evil and was born with the sundering of the embryonic universe. Order is literally physical and mental anguish; he wishes to see the universe returned to perfect entropy, and as such his worshippers would try to help create that future by sowing discord and chaos.
Yeah, but at least they did have people's livelihoods in mind.
I personally find Abjuration to be a great school to multiclass into if you're a tank; refillable ward that *isn't* considered temporary HP? Yes, please.
I have an incredibly stupid one: it's a plain-looking wooden bowl, large enough for one person. When anyone... erm... well when you defecate into the bowl the contents are converted into completely sanitary and edible stew or soup, the exact variety changing depending on the race that did it. Dwarves create a hearty beef stew, elves a hearty vegetable soup, tieflings a spicy chili, humans a simple but warming chicken and rice soup, etc. If you can get a merfolk to do it the bowl will be filled with creamy clam chowder. Why, you may ask? Saw it in a "stupid magic items" list somewhere, included the change of soup depending on race clause, and then handed it to a PC. They.... they didn't seem to know what to actually do with it.
Hell, go with a sort of "samurai who pledges not to kill anymore" route; his character could be a Paladin that swore an oath not to kill anymore, and as a result he carries around a *wooden* sword. As a DM I'd consider a wooden sword a club, and would allow Shillelagh to affect it.
I'd go with just a wooden longsword. With a medieval culture, the wooden longsword would carry an even more obvious statement of non-violence/refusal to kill, as the bokken comes from a different culture and might just look like a weird stick.
If you can get the books, there is already a d20 game for Star Wars called SAGA Edition. It plays very similarly to 3.5. I think you could probably just take that and make a few alterations, rather than trying to alter 5e itself. SAGA already has all the stats for Star Wars items and tech.
The Bowel of Stew?
Most of the kids in his year like him. Lavender and Parvati regard him as a stupid boy sometimes, but even then still seem to like him enough. And Dean, Seamus, and Neville absolutely are good friends of his. Seamus goes cold and doesn't trust him through much of OotP, but at the same time you see Seamus almost *wanting* to go back to being friends.
Oh true true, I was just arguing that there are people besides the Weasley's and Hermione that he considers to be more than friendly acquaintances, and seem to regard him in the same way. Maybe not Lavender and Parvati so much, but certainly the other boys in his year.
You have committed horrible murders in the past. You have violently killed people before; maybe war crimes, maybe you were a killer who is seeking forgiveness and repentance, maybe you killed children or something; whatever. Point is, *you* refuse to kill anymore, as a personal vow, but you cannot and don't expect other people to follow your example. Your alignment is thus "Lawful Neutral," you follow your own rules and personal laws.
&gt; Telling your dm that you don't enjoy being rendered completely useless for an entire session should resolve the issue. Or an entire game. I was in a Rifts game once with some friends. Rolled a pyromage. Part of my abilities as a pyromage is completely immunity to fire, both for myself and what I was wearing. Right in the book. Damn GM sent some people to kill us on the first session. The person in question was lobbing fireballs at us. I jumped behind everyone as they ran with the intent of blocking the blast for them; nearly die. DM rolls an insane amount of dice. I point out that I'm immune to fire. "This is magical fire; half of it still hurts you." Later on I realize that I literally cannot survive longer than a round in combat. I request a magical cloak which basically makes me immune to physical damage; it's in the book and all. GM is hesitant but then lets me have it. Well that's good at least. Next combat comes around after I acquire it, I "flame on" as it were. He *immediately* tries to tell me that the cloak bursts into flames and is destroyed. I had to pull out the book and read aloud the passage that very clearly explains that myself *and everything I am wearing* has immunity to fire. Rest of the party were broken with house-ruled gear and abilities.
*Star Citizen* is coming along really well and when it releases should hopefully provide something like this.
*Star Citizen* should be that new game.
I wish I could enjoy it, but now thinking about the game just results in complete anger because of that bullshit campaign. Everyone in that game kept telling me I was being too strict about the rules in the book. Not like I was a rules lawyer, but rather that I focused too much on what the book said I was allowed to do instead of doing other cooler things like everyone else did. The example given was one of the other PCs, who was a muscular woman who wielded two giant wrecking balls on chains. The previous session there were flocks of dragons in the air. She used one wrecking ball to hit one dragon in the head, then used the momentum to soar up and then hit another dragon with the second wrecking ball, used that momentum, etc. So she was high in the air and just whacking dragons in the face. Meanwhile, I was on the ground failing all my combat rolls against minions, trying to "make a blast of fire" or whatever the book told me my various attacks were. "There aren't rules for what Cathy did," said the GM about the wrenching-ball girl, "Do stuff like that." Okay, fine. Next session we were fighting a large sand monster in a confined room. When my turn came to fight I described how I wanted to fill the room with fire and turn the entire space into an oven, spin the inferno around the sand monster, and cook it into solid glass. That, I thought, was creative and not in the rules. GM said good, that's better. Allowed it, the monster was glass now. I was happy. And then he had it break free and keep attacking us. "Don't worry you did damage." Fuck that game. And that's not even the worst thing that happened in that game.
Late this year at the earliest. Very earliest.
The problem with 3, which is the problem with all the prequels, is that you can see glimmers of good storytelling and interesting ideas and powerful connotations hidden within the overall bad directing. 3 is better because it does a better job of exposing those glimmers than the other two films do. It's often been said that people can see the potential in the prequels, but that "*something*" was done badly with the execution that turned them into overall mediocre/bad films. And in fact, this is exactly what Lucas had with the original Star Wars; a great idea that would have turned out poor because of execution. The reason they *weren't* bad is because Lucas had people to stand up and tell him to do something else. Lucas is a great ideas man. He has really interesting thoughts about plot and story and setting and all that. The problem is that he's not very good at executing them. When he has the ideas and someone else executes them the product is amazing.
I just hand-wave it that they always head to the school on Sept. 1, and then start classes on the next available Monday.
He was made something like a ghost, but not a ghost, and fled immediately. Sirius and Hagrid, if I'm remembering correctly, get to the house very quickly after Voldemort shows up. If Voldemort had just been knocked out they would have found him.
Two, really. One: In the fifth book, after Harry sees the vision of Mr. Weasley getting attacked, he is sitting in Dumbledore's office and waiting for information back from various individuals. Dumbledore is walking around, giving orders and doing things with some of the items on his tables. One of them is a silver contraption that issues green smoke, and that green smoke twists into a snake which then becomes two snakes. Dumbledore mumbles something, I recall the phrase "Naturally, naturally." My assumption is that this has something to do with Voldemort and Harry, the two parts of Voldemort's soul interacting with each other, but what *exactly* is that instrument and what exactly was it telling Dumbledore? Edit: Actually, just found the answer to this question after doing some googling around, though I'd still like to know exactly what the instrument *itself* is. &gt; JN: I was thinking, as you were talking about that, just a second ago. I've just been reading "Philosopher's Stone". There was a chapter when Harry goes to sleep for the first time, and he's in his dormitory, and he has this dream that he doesn't remember again, that he was being tempted to go to Slytherin. I thought maybe at that point, that might have also been that little piece of Voldemort in there, wreaking havoc on his dreams really early on. &gt; JKR: Well, of course, the pain he feels whenever Voldemort is particularly active, is this piece of soul seeking to rejoin the Master Soul. When his scar is hurting him so much, that's not scar tissue hurting him. That's this piece of soul really wanting to get back out the way it entered. It really wants to-- It entered this boy's body through a wound and it wants to rejoin the Master Soul when Voldemort's near him, when he's particularly active, this connection-- it was always there. That's what I always imagined this pain was. Yes. So. There you go. There's a moment when Dumbledore casts a charm and you see a two-headed snake split-- &gt; SU: Yes. &gt; JKR: Do you remember that? &gt; JN: Yes. &gt; SU: In essence divided? &gt; MA: That's in his office, right? In essence divided? &gt; JKR: It's in Dumbledore's office, and he suddenly does this strange-- he performs this strange piece of magic in which he watches images and these are his-- and this snake dividing and that's the way he sees Voldemort's soul dividing. He's playing through his own theory about what's happened and his theory, is of course, correct. That Voldemort, as summed up by the snake, divided. So Harry never understood what the two-headed snake was all about. But that's what it was. &gt; SU: You know, you just answered a question that people have been asking about, talking about that "essence divided", what that meant, so, yes! &gt; JKR: "In essence divided", exactly, and the essence being, the soul. So Dumbledore knew all along that he must have split-- he suspected until "Chamber of Secrets", and then at the point where he saw what was clearly the remains of a Horcrux, in other words, the diary, he thinks, okay, there you go. And not only has he definitely done it, but he's got to have more than one because he's treated this one very casually. Two: What is the spell that Dumbledore shoots at Voldemort during their duel in the same book? The one that Voldemort conjures a shield to deflect, and the one that Voldemort also claims indicates that Dumbledore wasn't trying to kill him.
The government seemed rather bumbling in a lot of ways, and while most wizards didn't hate muggles there is a very clear opinion that muggles are beneath them and rather "childish." Mrs. Weasley, for example, tends to get absolutely furious when Mr. Weasley wastes his free time caring about muggle technology, implying that she thinks it's beneath him/them to care about "silly muggle stuff." Obviously she's not a bad person or dislikes muggles, but there's still that sense of magical superiority that I think pervades the entire wizarding world. So sure, you'd think it would be important, but really most wizards don't seem to care much about muggles or what they are doing. Plus it seems simple enough to fix any issues that arise; destroy/remove the offending artifact and then do a Memory Charm. Done.
Remember that Fudge was actively trying to discredit Harry at the time. It should be entirely well-known that the Dursleys are aware of magic, and as such performing magic in front of them would not be a violation of the law. We even see Hagrid, Mr. Weasley, and Dumbledore casting spells in front of them with no concern at all. Under completely normal circumstances Harry's use of the Patronus Charm in front of Dudley would have been absolutely legal. One, because it was self-defense, and two because Dudley doesn't apply as a "muggle" for the purposes of International Statute of Secrecy as we clearly see throughout the series. Fudge just, of course, purposely ignored bringing all this up because he was *trying* to get Harry expelled. You'll notice that he never once bothers to mention that the muggle in question was Harry's cousin, who lives in Harry's household and has been aware of magic since he was 11. And there is even a line in the books about how Harry wanted to say things to defend himself more, but couldn't bring himself to make words. I assume one of these is the fact that the muggle was his cousin.
Here's a crazy thought, if we're really going into a mad "what-if" scenario. Someone still somehow loyal to Voldemort or his ways happens upon the Resurrection Stone in the Forbidden Forest, uses it to bring Voldemort back in some capacity, and then maybe something "magical and weird" can happen from there. The Resurrection Stone is said to never have been found again, but it's the only thing I can think of to an item existing within the series that would allow Voldemort to return.
It was the brutal death of his innocence. I think it fit rather well, though I like the way the movie did it compared to the book, as Hedwig at least got to go out defending Harry.
He was told 5 minutes before filming the scene.
It's a well-known factoid. I'll see if I can find the source. Edit: [Here we go.](http://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/66661/exactly-how-secret-was-the-reveal-in-the-empire-strikes-back) Read the first part, which has a source for Hamill's confirming that only he and two other people were told, and then scroll down a ways and you'll see someone else included some interviews and books of David Prowse and Irvin Kirshner that confirm this. Kirshner's book also confirms that Hamill was told "right before [they] shot." So 5 minutes is really more of an estimate than a firm number.
He couldn't get down on one knee for a moment????
I don't think that's true, especially with the latest movie. The Falcon *is* fast, in hyperspace. Sub-light it's nothing terribly special, but it's certainly fast*er* than larger ships that the Rebels had at Endor.
That was just because of the framerate loss on Besbin; all the particles and smoke effects. Crashed his CPU.
Why don't you want this item to be a guaranteed drop? Part of the problem is when things *aren't* guaranteed drops, and then you have people being furious because they wasted time doing a raid or playing through Trials and getting *nothing* in return. It's exactly the same as what happens now when you spend time doing a Nightfall and get nothing usable as a reward, or you do the raid and get nothing but shards. It's infuriating and it's not fun. Make this item a guaranteed drop so you can actually feel like doing these end-game things is worth the effort, just don't make it an instant *max level* item. 3-4 levels, like OP suggested, and you are *guaranteed* to get at least one.
&gt; At the time of Force Awakens she is in her early twenties. Incorrect; she's actually 19 as explained in the novel. Meaning that Kylo would have been anywhere from 16-18. That's entirely more reasonable. Plus we know Snoke has had an interest in Kylo basically since his birth; I'm not overly surprised if he would accept him into the Knights of Ren when he was around 17.
We don't know all the circumstances. I'm willing to bet her mother left her on Jakku *for some reason* and then couldn't return. Maz tells Rey that the family behind her will never come back. But that there "is someone who still can." In my mind, at least right now, this is paramount to saying "You're mother isn't coming back and you know that, but your *father* is ahead of you." After Kylo's failed interrogation of Rey he goes and talks to Snoke. In the novel, Kylo tries hard *not* to seem guilty, and Snoke reveals that he's aware of.... something that Kylo did, and that Kylo can't hide it from Snoke. What if Kylo somehow warned Rey's mother about the impending attack and had Rey taken to safety because he didn't want to kill his cousin? What if Rey's mother and Kylo were in league, and both agreed to hide her for the same reasons?
There's a mythological and biological explanation for Anakin's conception that doesn't break willing suspension of disbelief, though. Shmi is a woman; she has a womb. Mystically she conceived a child through the Force, and carried that virgin birth as a woman would carry any child. Luke is a man, has no womb, and wouldn't be able to birth a child. I can suspend my disbelief when you tell me that a woman had a child conceived through magic and gave birth to that child. I can't willingly suspend it when you tell me a man pooped out a child in the same way.
Would you easily recognize someone if you saw them at 5 and then never again until 19? Not to mention that we don't know if Han and Leia were necessarily aware of Rey, or that Rey was their niece, or any other possible explanation. Fact is, we as fans don't know enough yet. We just don't.
"Hoodlum friends"? We know *nothing* about the Knights of Ren. We don't know who they are, what powers they may have; nothing. We also have no idea if Luke was even *at* the Academy when the attack came. Edit: Also, if Wookieepedia is correct then she's *definitely* 19, seeing as the events of the film take place 30 years after the Battle of Endor. That would therefore make her 19 if she was born 11 years after the battle.
&gt; To accomplish all of this, is possible, but very implausible. And that's exactly my point as well. It's possible. Implausible, maybe, but it's also implausible for a young pilot to make a one-in-a-million shot and destroy the Death Star. Implausible for a child to be born without a father. But these things have happened. I'm running on the idea that Luke wasn't around when the academy was sacked. It makes sense with the information we see; the Knights of Ren are standing around at night in the rain among the bodies of the fallen students. We also saw Luke standing around at night, with *no* rain and fire visible in the scene, on his knees in despair (that's specifically how the novel describes him). Luke probably returned from somewhere, or rushed to the academy after he felt the death through the Force, but was too late to do anything about it. By that point the torch had already been set to the academy and the Knights of Ren had left. Snoke does indeed make reference to Ren being a/the "master of the Knights of Ren." However, that doesn't mean he is their leader at the time of TFA. Even if he is, that doesn't mean he was their leader at the time of the massacre. The fact that he's center-stage in the vision doesn't make him the leader; this is a movie about him, after all, and a vision that Rey is having about Ren as much as everything else going on; of course he'd be center-stage.
&gt;We know the Skywalker line is strong Of which Ren is a member. &gt;The idea of Luke not being at the academy was the only way Kylo could have pulled this off. And I believe that the movie very well establishes that this it the case. You're right, we *don't* know. But that also means we don't know if you're correct or I am. This is *conjecture*, but I'm using evidence from the film to support my argument that Luke wasn't there for the attack (rain being a prime one). &gt;Luke was there doing a funeral for his fallen students We don't know that's what happening We know that Luke is on his knees and puts a hand on R2. This could be a funeral after he starting burning the bodies. It could be Luke falling to his knees in despair after landing at the academy, which he sees is now in flames. We don't know, but I believe that because it is shown to be raining during/immediately after the massacre, and it's *not* raining when Luke is shown grieving, that Luke *was not present for the massacre.* That's the main point I'm getting across. That's my argument. He might be having a funeral. He might be crying over the burned temple, but the point is *he was not there.* And with Luke not there, I see no reason why a 16-17 year old and a group of possible dark-side adults could not take out the academy. As for the idea that Ren is the leader; he might be. We don't know anything about how the Knights of Ren work. Maybe he's the de-facto leader because he's Snoke's apprentice, and the others weren't. Maybe he's the leader because he's a Skywalker and Snoke wanted him "in charge" to cement his fall (the difference between taking part in an attack, and running it). And maybe he's not the leader and, as I said, the other Knights grouped around Ren because they were all done murdering everyone and grouped up around Ren for no reason other than it looked menacing during Rey's vision. The whole problem with this discussion is that we have too much possibility and not enough hard facts. So I see one thing, you see another, and there isn't enough evidence to outright point to either of us as being wrong. The one thing I think we *can* be sure if, that there *is* evidence for, is that Luke was not at the academy when the massacre took place.
We're at odds with our opinions of a story that isn't complete yet. You think he must have been older and I think he could have been younger. We're not going to agree here, so I'm going to respect you and acknowledge that you might be right. I do believe that the attack took place when he was 16 or 17 and that Rey was removed from the attack for reasons we don't yet know. You don't agree with that. That's fine. Should I be proven wrong I'm not going to be upset over it; I'm going off what I think the story is until I get some evidence to solidly prove otherwise. Nothing more than that.
They drag off nameless NPCs, too. Finn isn't the only one.
Thanks for the examples. Yeah you might be right about Harry's captaincy in particular.
Clone Wars confirmed he was. However, always some room for hand-waving.
It's implied between shows. Not shown.
She is? She did?
Neat!
Right. I was just establishing that there is no scene in Clone Wars or Rebels where we watch him do it. Implied was the wrong word.
Would you say the passage of time also makes you feel old?
&gt;He knew mine papa? ftfy
I don't know if I should click these at work...
Yeah but enough of those people and there won't be R-rated "superhero movies" because the execs will be unwilling to make them.
&gt; with that banking clan guy from II being Plagueis's public disguise. Where are you getting that info? I've just checked the Legends page of San Hill on Wookieepedia and literally no mention of Plagueis is made. Edit: I think you're thinking of Magister Hego Damask II; that was his public face.
In my homebrew setting magic and money are inherently linked through residuum. Residuum is literally magic dust, a glittering blue/purple/white substance that resembles a fine powder. It can be used in spellcasting as well as the creation of magic items and writing magic spells. Some spells have a gold cost associated with their casting, and that is because money is inherently imbued with magical power. Real money can be broken down and used in spell-work and for copying spells like any other component, the coins breaking down easily into impure residuum when exposed to the twists of arcana accompanying a spell. Some mages keep impure residuum on their person in a component pouch, allowing them to use the magical substance as the material component for some spells. As such, residuum is measured in its gold cost, and it can be used in place of any monetary component in spellwork (provided there is enough residuum to "front the cost"). **Wizards can mix residuum with any available viscous liquid (often dirt and water, non-magic ink, plant extract, or even blood) to create the fine and subtly magical inks needed to properly copy spells into a spell book.** This is how I explain the gold cost of copying a spell; the wizard in question breaks down a certain amount of gold into residuum, mixes that into some sort of viscous liquid, and this creates the magical inks needed to copy that spell. A PC could also, however, walk into a town and purchase a certain amount of finely-made magical ink if they wanted to.
Eh, I find Rowling's recent explanation perfectly acceptable. Plus it's not as though he'd go by "Albus Severus" all the time.
I feel terrible, but so you know he never actually said that. Still, I'm sure the sentiment was real.
Exactly
[Nice!](http://i.imgur.com/p4HFvE8.gifv)
I forgot that mobile users don't get that handy RES clickable thing. &gt; _ &lt; I fixed it.
[Sorry; it was this.](http://i.imgur.com/p4HFvE8.gifv)
Oh gosh no. I'm not the one who made it. I *am* the one who modified the color, though; the original gif had a green flame because whoever made it made it for imgur use. I'm not sure who made it originally. I am very glad you like it, though.
The model absolutely changed. Just about every character got a model change at the beginning of season 3.
One of the people who made the movie tweeted that it could move. That's the best we have.
[Looks like it's all documented.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/User:CC7567/TCW#cite_note-59) Anakin, Ahsoka, and Obi-Wan absolutely got new character models in Season 3, but so did Plo Koon, some clones, and a bunch of wardrobe changes. Yoda and Palpatine's models changed in season 4. Still, the models in the OP are definitely different.
Voldemort didn't think that Snape was against him in that moment, though. Voldemort thought Snape was his the whole time. He killed Snape because he needed to secure ownership of the Elder Wand; nothing more. Harry reveals to Voldemort later that Snape was a triple-agent the whole time, and Voldemort is shocked to hear it. I don't think he was afraid of risking using a wand against Snape.
I'm confused by this. If they didn't want Voldemort to have the Elder Wand, but they suspected that Voldemort might try to kill Snape, then they *wouldn't* want Snape to have the wand because Voldemort *might then kill Snape and gain control of it.*
I completely agree with you. They are sponsored by Toyota and the cars used in the show are thus Toyotas. Should they thus *not* be allowed to ever show a car on screen, or else it's blatant and distracting product placement? Of course not; that's ridiculous. It's become something for people to complain about, rather than being something that is a problem.
Erm, dogging is used in one of the Harry Potter books. Seems to imply "avoiding" or something. I'm suddenly worried about what Malfoy was getting at.
Ron gets a lot of hate? Really?
Oh, I don't read much fanfiction. What's the reasoning for it?
Yeah, that's true. Hell I commented on that a few times in the last few days; he finally got to shine near the end of Chamber of Secrets *because Hermione was lying petrified in a hospital bed.*
I always thought HBP was one of the best HP films in terms of cinematography, but PoA did a great job as well.
That's based on a Bible quote, but is botanically not true [as discussed here](https://carm.org/is-mustard-seed-smallest-of-all-seeds). I fully expect Mustard to grow up into a powerhouse, however.
Wha?!?!
And now I'm remembering a fanfiction involving Voldemort and Pettigrew that I thought I had successfully bleached from my mind.
Wife in mother's body. I can drink enough to forget being inside my mother's form, and I assume my gf would be tactful enough to not make it worse for me. I would never be able to live with the idea that my mother was consciously having sex with me.
This is the weirdest thing, but I can't find a passage in the physical books (not without really digging through every word). It's especially weird because I've been listening to the audio books for the past few weeks and I remember being surprised when I heard him described as blond in them. I know I can't have made it up, because I found just today that Rowling claimed in an interview that Neville [has blond hair in her mind.](http://www.accio-quote.org/articles/2000/1000-npr-adler.htm) Of course again, I don't have a problem with people envisioning him with dark hair; I do myself. But I've seen enough "book purests" to be surprised that Neville's "canon" description is ignored.
I linked the interview in my last reply. I just don't understand where I got the idea that he's blond from, because I didn't read that interview until *today,* but I was surprised to hear he was blond *weeks* ago.
That's a very strict interpretation. I "built" the PC that I'm typing on right now, all by myself. But I certainly didn't hand-craft the CPU and GPU and memory and monitor etc. etc. I didn't forge the case by hand. I constructed it from a bunch of purchased parts designed to be made into a computer. But I, and anyone else who "built" their own PC, would still say that I "built" it. C-3PO is identical to every other protocol droid out there. It's only logical that Anakin "built" him by finding a damaged droid and repairing it, or getting a bunch of broken parts together, fixing those parts, and then assembling a droid from them.
Apologies. Could the sidebar rules be changed to reflect this? I read through them before posting and didn't see any reference to the Mega Thread.
Book actually had a fairly clever way around that; protagonist has the PDF open in front of him the whole time, so he can easily make it through by knowing where everything is.
The only advice I can give is that I have heard up and down that Vader's ability is too unreliable given his points cost. As such I'd lean more towards Motti.
As an aside, I also believe this negates *any* attempt to resolve the standard critical effect, meaning that even if the attacker rolled 3 crit icons, they cannot resolve a standard critical effect *period.*
I run a similar list, and I think it might be favorable to have the ISDI going close in while the ISDII hangs back, thus keeping Motti on the ISDII. Reasoning is, the ISDI has those black dice that you want to get in close to the opponent's ships; yes it'll be performing squadron commands, but you'll still be doing a hefty amount of ship damage with it. Plus this keeps it in range to grab squadrons more easily (even with Boosted Comms, you don't want it too far in the back). The ISDII, with no black dice, can afford to hang back more and be a long-handled hammer.
True, but I felt it was important (for myself to receive the confirmation, more than anything) that the contain token doesn't just negate one of the crit *icons,* but the entire effect. (I know it's pedantic, but on the off chance someone is confused they might see this and at least they'll have an answer written down).
No problem. Thanks for checking on it.
Death by hanging isn't intended to suffocate the victim; the weight of the body dropping and then pulling on the neck as the noose catches them is meant to snap their neck and kill them instantly. Sometimes this fails, and the victim's neck isn't broken. It's only in this situation that the victim starts to choke. I'd say feather fall would allow them to completely avoid the neck snapping, but they'd start suffocating on the same turn as the noose tightens around their neck (FF slows you to falling 60 ft per round, which is 10 feet per second. That's still quite too fast for the victim to try to hold their breath, imho).
I've been enjoying your work, but I have a question. Am I allowed to use these tracks in a podcast?
Kay, I really need to discuss something here, since I saw it mentioned in passing on one of the threads by /u/Tf2McRsWow (and no hate intended, friend; I have had this topic on my mind for a while and have been wanting to discuss it, but didn't want to make a thread about it for fear of the hive mind). On his Ep2 thread, Edit 13, he claims that Anakin is now his least favorite character because of "talking back to the senator and interrupting the queen? who the hell do you think you are?" I'm sorry, but this upsets me. Because I honestly do not believe that Anakin was in the wrong here, and that Padmé is the one who is the problem. Look, Anakin is absolutely whiny in Ep2. I completely acknowledge that. However, *why* is he whiny? What are his reasons? Essentially, he complains that no one ever listens to him. No one praises him, no one gives him a chance to prove himself, no one shows that they value him at all. Obi-Wan in particular is described as "overly critical." Now you may be thinking that Anakin is just being a whiny teenager who can't deal with criticism and needs to grow up. I'd agree, if it weren't for the fact that he literally gets nothing *but* criticism from every corner. Obi-Wan, in particular, *is* extremely critical of him. Throughout the movie all he does is tear Anakin down, berate him, and he almost never once thanks Anakin or applaud him for his efforts. And the *one* time I can think of that he does, when Anakin makes a good call about where to shoot at some towers, Obi-Wan *immediately* follows the praise up with "my young padawan." As if Obi-Wan can't even bear to let Anakin hear anything good about himself without inserting a back-handed compliment. "Sure, you did good. But you're still a kiiiiiid." You may still be scoffing at me, but how would you feel if your parents never said anything good about you? How would you feel if every time you did anything you were proud of the effort was ignored? If the few times your mom or dad actually said "good job" they immediately followed up with something like "for a kid?" Would you be happy about that? Wouldn't you be kinda upset about it? Would you *not* feel like Anakin a bit? Padmé even does acknowledge that Anakin must be very frustrated when he explains all this to her. Sure she tries to spin it as mentors seeing more of their bad than their good, but a mentor should also reward his protege when he does well, to *positively reinforce* that good behavior. We all know *why* Obi-Wan (and to a lesser extent the Jedi Counsil) treats Anakin like this; they are scared. They are afraid that Anakin will get a big head and become dangerous. They complain about how reckless he is, and feel that to give him praise will be to feed his ego. The problem with that is all this constant **negative reinforcement** just serves to bolster Anakin's feelings that he *needs* to do something big in order to just once, just *finally,* get some praise. A "good job" that isn't laden with sarcasm. An acknowledgement that he did well. Because Anakin *wants* to be a good person, he wants to do good, but everyone around him keeps shitting on him any time he tries to do anything. (And in fact, the one person who *does* show him positive reinforcement is ***Palpatine.*** Surprise surprise when Anakin likes Palpatine a lot and goes along with what he says.) Negative reinforcement has been found, time and time again by psychologists, to be inferior to positive reinforcement. So then Anakin is *finally* being given a mission to complete on his own. He's made "head of security" for Padmé and sent out on his own. We come to Naboo where Padmé and her "head of security" are meeting with the queen. Anakin is being very quiet and respectful the whole time, including as the delegation stands up and moves to out of the room. Then, a miracle; Sio Bibble looks direction at Anakin and respectfully asks Anakin what his opinion is. Holy. Crap. Someone, an *adult*, actually ***cares*** what Anakin thinks? He's being given ***RESPECT***?! Someone actually wants to hear his opinion?! And then Padmé rushes in like a tiger, denounces Anakin in front of everyone as not being good enough to talk to, to even have his opinion *heard*, and yet all the fans think Anakin is a shit-head when he actually stands up for himself? Padmé glares at him after he is forced to apologize as if he just stabbed her mother in the chest. And then we wonder why he went to he dark side. This isn't the first time that Padmé is rude and tactless; early in the film Yoda warmly tells her how happy he is to see her, and she writes him off like a nerd in the lunch room and doesn't even bother to say hello. I like to believe that Bibble was actually thinking "oh... well even if he's not a fully fledged Jedi yet I still would have liked to hear his thoughts on the matter..." Queen Jamillia actually seems really uncomfortable in this scene, and *not* because Anakin was acting childishly. She looks at Padmé and then flicks her eyes towards Anakin, almost like she's concerned about how she's treating him. She doesn't ever look accusingly at Anakin, but sorta looks between Anakin and Padmé as if to be saying "What the hell is the problem? Why are you snapping at him?" But maybe that's just my interpretation of the scene. Honestly, as I've been watching the films more I really feel like Anakin gets entrapped into becoming Vader, into going evil. Not just in the sense that Palpatine sorta tricks him, but that the Jedi and everyone else around Anakin pushes his emotions to a point where he's just done with everything. Because no one gives him a single inch. No one lets him feel good about himself. Everything has to be a slap to the face. That's my rant, anyway. For the record, I had typed this whole thing out on mobile, but then I went to fact-check something in another tab, returned to Alien Blue, and the app had reset itself and I lost everything. So I typed this up *twice.* Please give it a chance.
Damn he's been waiting so long even his tie grayed.
I like the hold person idea. Incorporating some Avatar-esk abilities isn't a bad idea at all. Maybe another spell, a 9th level spell, that works as a reskinned *Power Word: Kill*? The mage literally stopping the flow of blood and killing someone like that? Maybe it could be a few very high Con saves over a few rounds?
Go on.
My gf never looks more turned on then when I put on a suit. Which is problematic as we're usually supposed to be going somewhere fancy or important, as you can expect. I'm debating just throwing one on whenever I want sex.
Thank you! I don't know if it was on purpose, but I actually am starting to think the prequels do a half-decent job of showing why Anakin becomes the kind of person to turn to the dark side.
The real problem with this whole concept is that none of the characters exist on a fair field. Superman is always "as strong as he has to be" for the story. Meanwhile, Saitama is literally a joke and a parody, and so he too is as strong as he needs to be. Goku has limits, though he has broken through them before, and as such wouldn't be able to hold his own against either of them *because he* ***can*** *lose.* It's not a matter of whether he is stronger or not, but that the authors of the other two won't let them fail.
[Don't worry about it.](https://45.media.tumblr.com/18dc5969ada845b0dba66fc2e74d97d1/tumblr_mmfyglJYVL1sphv99o1_400.gif)
Please stop flirting with me. I have a wonderful partner already.
[Poo lantah, oh. Manama tohtah.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/87/Jabba_the_Hutt.png)
He didn't say anything about Christians, man. He said "religious fruitcakes." The word Christian wasn't even used. Weird thing to start defending them.
Yeah. My step-dad was/is like this. Not as bad; he at least didn't destroy or throw out my things, but more than once he talked about how he doesn't like the books I read, and specifically told me to take down a Harry Potter poster (the one of the owl holding the letter, for the first film) because he read stuff online and didn't like what it said.
I got Yew, Unicorn Tail Hair, 10 3/4 inches, surprisingly swishy. I'm not sure how I feel about it, in honesty. Back on the first Pottermore I ended up making three accounts and taking the test three times. Doing this I got Gryffindor twice and Hufflepuff once (and this time I made a new account and got Gryffindor a third time, so I'm relatively confident there). As for the wands, I *always* got red oak as the wood, and I got each of the cores once. I lean toward dragon heartstring myself, just as a personal preference, but I'm not overly picky. I am, however, disappointed that I didn't get red oak another time. I wish I could put in my old username, but I don't think I can anymore. And that said I like the sound of what yew stands for; I'm very protective of people. But even so. Not sure what to make of it.
Yeah if there is some way to do it; I'd like to reclaim my old house and wand (I got Gryffindor again, as I almost always do, but my wand is different) and I prefer red oak over yew.
How do you delete it?
Absorb Elements comes in wonderfully handy in moments like this. Actually, *as* the mage who uses Fireball a lot, but also being an Eldritch Knight, I have purposely included myself in the blast just so that I could absorb the resulting fire and do extra damage on my next melee attack.
I mean, the question is already phrased "what kind of pedophile do you want to be?" There is literally no good way to answer the question.
I've been hit extremely hard in the side of the head by a golf club. I lived. I'll take the bat. And then tell my son that I took a bat to the head for him as he heads off to compete in the defining football game of his college career.
ENFP (INFP possible as well), Gryffindor
No, it doesn't bother me. I rather like it, honestly. In the books the robes are a single piece that you have to pull over your head, which means there's no thought about what's underneath. But even in the books Rowling explains that Harry and his friends wear muggle clothing underneath their robes. And it's absolutely canon that the kids wear muggle clothing during the holidays (it's said exactly like that in one of the later books). Hell, Mrs. Weasley makes sweaters for her children, so it's pretty clear to me that muggle clothing has entered the wizarding world in some manner. Yes you still get older wizards who didn't know how to dress, but the younger students absolutely wore muggle clothes regularly. The idea that the school robe in the movies incorporates a bit more muggle dress doesn't bother me at all.
Am I the only one who feels like the same 6 or 7 heroes are counters to everyone? Feels unbalanced.
Speaking of, what was the animation with Reinhardt and D.Va that played during this video?
Thank you!
[Almost called it](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemon/comments/4j01y1/solgaleo_and_lunaala/d339q71)
Unfortunately, Solgaleo is significantly more psychic than I am. I was only half right.
What should he have done? Fight back? Realistically, the thing that probably saved this guy from being put in hand-cuffs immediately is that the woman didn't have a scratch on her, but his shirt was clearly ripped open and he looked like he just got jumped. Had he fought back, had he defended himself, it's very likely that things could have turned out worse for him. Self-defense becomes really hazy when you've got a man and a woman involved. I've heard cops say that it's proper procedure, for example, to put the man in hand cuffs during a domestic violence call regardless of who made the call or who looks worse for wear when they arrive at the house. I'm sure that's different for every state and country, but I've had it said to me. He's got video evidence on his side, but you gotta remember that the police officer doesn't have to look at that.
Yeah but *Alien* wasn't particularly favorable.
I certainly appreciate that part, but naw, all of her.
Yes, you *should* be able to defend yourself from an attacker, regardless of gender. Realistically, in the world we live in, it's not that simple.
Zenyatta isn't dissimilar. I never liked him, but the team needed a support one game and I don't do particularly well with Mercy. Thought I'd try Zenyatta out. Damn is he fun to play. Simple, but so rewarding.
The fact that the first enemy that comes around the corner is ALSO a Reinhardt just slays me.
But he was playing Hanzo, not 76.
You might be experiencing ASMR, or Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response. I get very relaxed when I get my hair cut as well, or when my gf rubs my scalp. It's not sexual, just feels good.
Well that's pretty much the point, yes.
Makes sense to me.
I had a heavily armored Fighter (Eldritch Knight)/Wizard (Abjuration) dragonborn character for a while. I was able to cast all my spells, even the EK ones, with an arcane focus since being a wizard meant I had the knowledge as a wizard to use focuses for all my wizard spells, and EK spells are technically wizard spells (at least my DM agreed with this logic; not sure if that's RAW or RAI). The focus itself was my longsword, in which was set an arcane focus made from a diamond, which you can see depicted [here](http://i.imgur.com/74miIqm.jpg). The diamond allowed me to cast Chromatic Orb as well, since it was worth at least 50 gp. My DM allowed it since I payed a decent gold cost at character creation to do it (he gives us more gold than average at character creation, especially since we started at lvl 7). The character also carried a greatsword with the same focus system, so I had two swords that I could recall depending on the situation, and could cast spells with both. It was pretty awesome. Chromatic Orb in particular I loved, as I imagined him charging up an orb of energy over the gemstone, then swinging the blade to fling the orb at an enemy. Fireball was also insanely fun; the blade would burn red-hot and then I'd stab it forward, and the fire and heat would blast off the sword and coalesce into a ball as it traveled.
[**Link to a Wall of Text**](https://geeksnewengland.org/2016/01/12/magic-on-the-world-of-aeramis/) Please scroll down to the last three big paragraphs (starts with "Mentioned above is residuum, literally magic dust..."). This is the system I'm using in my own homebrew, though it hasn't been fully tested yet (PCs haven't tried to make anything yet). It's a bit complicated I know, with a decent amount of math behind it, but as the DM I personally am comfortable with it. It's basically the RAW rules as presented in the DMG for 5e, but modified to be faster and give higher-level players more options. To put it simply, a player's caster level determines how much "money" they can spend on crafting every 8 hours, and that determines how quickly they can make magic items. The rules for the difficulty of the creation process (the DC of the Arcana checks made for every 8 hours of work) are extensive and, again, take the player's caster level into account. I also require some valid knowledge of the item to be made, like a fire spell for a Flame Tongue sword. Specific knowledge of items, especially potions, can also be learned, though.
It honestly feels like fans such as yourself never would have been happy with anything we got, because there is no way the films could have done everything that you guys wanted. I feel like you were all doomed to be unhappy with them regardless of what they included.
When you think about it, a light coming out of a stick of wood isn't a particularly magical effect. I mean we as readers know it is, but those exist in our muggle world right now, and the concept is very similar to flashlights. In theory I could easily hand wave a wand alight from Lumos as a "fancy small LED battery on a long pole so I can look behind couches, under beds, etc." A levitating object, though? Not a lot of muggle things that allow you to make things literally float on nothing.
This is true of PC games in general. Look at Skyrim; still high on the charts because of the amazing work of modders.
Except for Mr. Rogers. Don't think I ever heard of anything he had done that was "bad." (Sniper thing isn't true.)
Carrots are good, but like everything else you gotta remember moderation. Carrots have more sugar than many other vegetables, so eating tons of them probably wouldn't be very healthy.
4chan was always that place where people posted vial shit for laughs, but everyone would come together in support of each other when it was legitimately needed.
Yeah, Nike was the brand of the self-tying shoes.
I would argue that nothing says the random encounter has to be combat-based. The party could run into a treant, who then asks them what they are doing in the forest and maybe even offers a side quest.
I actually like the in-game Cortana in H2A over the one in the cutscenes. In the cutscenes she just looks so..... bitchy. There is no other word for it. She looks pissed off and bitchy the whole time.
Snarky, absolutely. I agree with snarky. And /u/drunkyardgnome used the word sassy as well. Completely agree; she was very sassy. But bitchy? No, not really.
Agreed; OP's worry that necrotic damage wouldn't be effective against the undead, the Raven Queen's most hated enemies, makes too much sense. The radiant damage can simply be reflavored and re-colored to be radiant moonlight, shining bright silver or white. ~~The Raven Queen *is* the goddess of the moon, after all.~~ No, she actually isn't. But the idea is still cool.
Guess because it's legendary and is more like a saber-toothed tiger?
I wish [this thing](http://66.media.tumblr.com/728499925b3c1e43d3b68e21bf3db05c/tumblr_mfnb3sPGBR1rw7u8ro3_1280.png) could be real. Water/Steel with good attack and defensive stats. I've seen its been named Hammerank by its creator but I have a better name; Ancharadon.
I'm more interested in this product for the eggs than the pancakes.
What's even the point of that feat then if there is no way to actually use it? You could argue that it's designed to allow someone holding a sword to get an extra shot off with their loaded hand crossbow in their free hand. Okay, so that's one round. Now what? You can't ever fire that hand crossbow again during that combat because you are holding your sword. So what's the point of the feat? To have one extra 1d6 damage in a combat? That sounds like shit. Edit: it was brought up that the fear has other aspects that make it valuable, like no disadvantage with range at close range. That's very true. Just seems the bonus action shot doesn't have a lot of options to be procced. Pure hand crossbow builds do get proc, which may be valuable enough.
My roommate worked with him as well; she was a Hogwarts student at WWoHP, too. She told us that Luis and Tony, a Slytherin student, were missing since Sunday morning, and it was terrible waiting to hear news back. Then we found out he was in surgery and Tony was in critical condition, and we hoped for the best. But Luis didn't make it. You're right; it's horrible hearing about this on the news but then it hits home and your friend is telling you about these two great guys, and how a few of their other Hogwarts students were planning on going to the club that night with them but decided not to for one reason or another and you realize that in some way you were connected to these people. I've facetimed her and her boyfriend before when they were with other people in Orlando; I may have indirectly said hi to these guys.
Transmuter, as I believe transmutation is technically the school that imbues an item with magic. At least in DnD. Other options I'd go with are artificer or arcanosmith.
I just house-rule that flanking in my game gives you a +2 to hit. No advantage. Still gives you a reward for doing it, but doesn't break the advantage/disadvantage system.
I don't think Harry knew until DH when exactly they died. It's never really mentioned, at least as far as I can remember. I could be wrong, though.
This is awesome. And the fact that your username includes "Wesley" just makes it better to me (Ron Weasley was great at chess). The only thing I have trouble with is that the rolls here aren't opposed, and in a game of chess I feel both opponents should be playing off each other. Maybe instead of a straight roll both player's roll off, with the piece that you are aiming for modifying your roll in some way. So for example, you have a PC versus Earlon von Marcht, a well known chess champion in the town. PC decides to go straight for the king. PC rolls a 23. Under your system the PC just wins. But Earlon is playing to stop him, so he gets an opposed roll; a 15. PC would still win in this case, but I like your idea that some pieces are more difficult to acquire. So the PC gets a -13 to their roll (this is just an arbitrary number I've chosen). The difficulty in going for a king so early means that the PC's roll changes to a 10. So he loses a piece or two as Earlon outplays him. Had Earlon rolled a 7 the PC still would have won outright. It would now be Earlon's turn to make a play.
That all makes sense. I agree the streamlined concept is a good thing. I'll probably look into a PvP focused idea soon, as I really like what you've done here. Definitely inspired me.
This gets really hazy. On an earth-sized planet you can technically see out to ~~17~~ 3 miles max before the ground curves away beyond the horizon, but that doesn't account for things like trees or mountains blocking your view (~~17~~ 3 miles at sea, basically). But we obviously can't make out fine details at ~~17~~ 3 miles. The Eagle Aspect of the Beast that Totem Barbarians can get at lvl 6 lets them see **fine details** (as if they were standing 100 feet away) out to even a mile out. This implies that most characters cannot fine details that far away. The DM's screen has rules on visibility as well; on a clear day with no obstructions the average person can see 2 miles out. When raining this goes down to 1 mile. Fog is down to 100-300 feet, and when you are on a structure or up in the air these distances are multiplied by 20 (which I think is a bit much; you'd have to do your best with this. Even on a tower I don't think a PC could see 40 miles out; that's far beyond the limits of the horizon even from a height). Regardless, these numbers, to me, imply that a PC could spot a caravan or a group of heard animals from those distances but no farther. They wouldn't be able to make out the insignia on the banners trialing from their wagons or what kind of animals they are. By RAW a human at night wouldn't be able to see more than a few feet in front of them without some form of light; darkness (and even a moonlit night qualifies as darkness) creates a heavily obscured area, and creatures in a heavily obscured area are effectively blinded. At twilight and dawn you have dim light, at which point by RAW I think the human can see up to the distances I described above (2 miles in clear weather, 1 mile in rain, etc.) but have disadvantage on their perception checks. There is no such thing as "dim vision" in 5e, though you can houserule what you like. There is only darkvision. Darkvision works like this; you have a range associated with your darkvision, most commonly 60' as you mention. Think about it as a bubble that is 60' in radius with you at the center; any dim light within that bubble is considered bright light for a creature with darkvision; they can see perfectly fine. Any darkness within that bubble is considered dimlight; they have disadvantage on attack rolls. Beyond that 60' range the darkvision does not work at all. So if you had an elf standing in a pitch-black dungeon they can see things within 60' as if they were in dim light, rather than darkness. Anything at 61' or farther away is in pitch black darkness; the elf cannot see them. A human, meanwhile, would be effectively blind in such a situation. That make sense? Edit: I have no idea why I remembered 17 miles as the horizon distance. That's so far wrong as to be laughable. It's 3 miles. Thanks, /u/Kidiri90.
Mechanically they are undead. It's just a flavorful difference. If he uses it on a pile of bones it becomes a shadow of a skeletal creature, still has vulnerability to bludgeoning damage, etc. If on a corpse is becomes a shadow of a zombie, still has that ability to possibly survive an attack with 1 HP, etc. The body the spell is used on is a template for a "shadow" made of arcane and divine magic. If a peasant saw him do this they'd still freak out and scream "NECROMANCER!!!!!" because the shadows still look pretty freaky, and they still needed a dead body or bones to be created.
Ideally it'd be wonderful to be able to donate to every single person on the planet and give help to everyone. Realistically though, you have to distribute unevenly. This particular fundraiser is for Luis and Tony. If you'd like to donate to the rest of the victims, which I think is perfectly noble, there are other fundraisers available.
*squints at username*
Orihime is going to have to come into play at some point. Her abilities are too perfectly set up to counter Yhwach's. Yes, he can transform the future. But Orihime has the ability to *alter reality* and reject it. I think the only logical conclusion, baring Aizen coming into help somehow, is for Orihime to figure out how to reject Yhwach's reality-altering powers with her own reality-altering powers. And I don't say this just as an Orihime fan; I genuinely think she will play a part to fix this, and if she doesn't I think that's sloppy writing. He's had Orihime standing buy as a counter to this guy and for once in Bleach's life, it's not a counter that was pulled out of nowhere. Orihime has been able to reject reality since Volume 4 or 5.
I actually, as both a DM and player, find dice like this to be incredibly cheaty and unfair to play against. One of my friends has a set of pink dice that almost always roll high. Unfairly often. He's aware of this and, to his credit, tries not to use them. But one time he pulled them out and I don't find it fair. We were playing a duo game. I had an Eldritch Knight/Abjuration wizard that I designed around avoiding and taking damage, and the other PC was a ranger designed around dealing damage. Then the DM gave us a cleric NPC for heals. We went into an undead city and were put before two of the undead king's lieutenants; one a huge martial-oriented ogre zombie, the other a magic-focused wight. Due to the fact that honor was extremely important to their culture, we had two 1v1s going; Ranger vs Wight and EK (me) vs Ogre. Immediately at the start of the fight I pop Protection from Evil and Good like any half-way decent wizard would when facing off against a undead ogre, leaving me with only 2 or 3 spell slots left for the fight (I had burned a bunch on utility while moving through the city). This spell kept me scratch-free for 5 or 6 rounds; the ogre would hit, but then would roll for disadvantage and miss as a result. But I wasn't doing much damage to it either. In fact, I was barely scratching him and managed to only do 20 or so damage by the 6th round of combat. DM started trying to argue that if the ogre throws stuff at me from range, like boulders, that PfEaG doesn't proc, which I found completely ridiculous. Then he said fuck it and pulled out his pink dice. Never missed again. Even with disadvantage from PrEaG he proceeded to hit on every single turn because he was now rolling nothing under a 15. Sorry for the long explanation, but I find it to be incredibly cheap and cheaty that he basically had to pull out a weighted die because my character had the gall to play smart.
Definitely not very rare. A Flame Tongue does an extra 2d6 fire damage with every strike and is rare.
That sounds like the players *and* the DM are mucking up. If the DM said the creature is 10 feet away, and the player said he wants to swing his sword at it it's the DM's fault for not elaborating/reminding the player that he's too far away but it's also the player's fault for not listening to the DM in the first place who explained where the creature was. Maybe improvement needs to be made on both sides; the DM could stand to explain better and remember the battlefield more, and the players could stand to listen better and have a more active imagination.
But as /u/imperabo points out, there's a point where it doesn't matter how hard you try to explain something, what words you use, because nothing will prevent deliberate sabotage. That's kinda my point. When can you expect the person reading the instructions to understand that when using scissors, you put your fingers in the hole bits to use them? Things like that.
I have a BS in biology and have written dozens of scientific papers, actually. I'm fully aware of the level of detail needed. My point is that this particular assignment, in school, is taken to such an extreme with deliberate sabotage that it's silly.
I think the *grade school assignment* simply can go a bit too far with it, that's literally my only opinion.
Yeah I had one like this in elementary school. We had to describe how to wrap a present, something a lot of people already don't know how to do well, never mind a group of 4th graders, or whatever we were. It's not a big deal, I just think that when the teacher running this assignment takes very very liberal interpretations of directions the message can get lost.
I have quite a few. I hope it's okay to throw them all up. Some are modified items from past editions, some are my own design. **Ring of the Boar** *Ring, uncommon (requires attunement)* While wearing this ring, if you take an amount of damage equal to your Constitution score or less that would reduce you to 0 hit points, you are reduced to 1 hit point instead. This property of the ring cannot be used again until the next dawn. - **Throwing Shield** *Armor (shield), rare* This shield is a ranged weapon in addition to a shield. It has the thrown property with a normal range of 20 feet and a long range of 60 feet, and deals 1d8 bludgeoning damage. Strength is your ability modifier when attacking with this shield. When you hit with a ranged attack using this shield, if you are able to make multiple attacks with the Attack action, you may expend an attack to make an additional ranged attack at disadvantage against another target within 20 feet of the last creature hit by this shield. You may make additional attacks with the shield in this way so long as the shield does not travel more than 60 feet between all strikes and you have additional attacks using your Attack action. After being thrown the shield automatically returns to your grip at the beginning of your next turn. - **Focusing Crystal** *Wondrous item, very rare* This green crystal, though not magical in its own right, stores a small amount of arcane energy. When wearing or holding this crystal, when casting any spell of 1st level or higher you may use your bonus action to expend the energy in the crystal to cast the spell as though you had cast it using a spell slot of one higher level, even if you do not normally have spell slots of that level. The original spell slot is still expended. You must be able to successfully cast the spell at the level of the original spell slot. The crystal then cannot be used again until the next dawn. - **Staff of Power Strike** *Staff, rare (requires attunement)* This staff has 7 charges and regains 1d4 + 3 charges daily at dawn. The staff can be wielded as a magic quarterstaff. You have a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with it. On a hit, it deals damage as a normal quarterstaff, and you can expend 1 charge to deal an extra 1d10 force damage to the target. *Curse.* This staff is cursed, and becoming attuned to it extends the curse to you. As long as you remain cursed, you are unwilling to part with the staff, keeping it within reach at all times. You also have disadvantage on attack rolls with weapons other than this one. A Druid does not have disadvantage on attack rolls made with natural weapons while wild shaped so long as they merged the staff with them upon transforming. Immediately after you make an attack roll or cast a spell of 1st level or higher while the staff is in your possession, you must roll a d20. If you roll a 1, you trigger a wild magic surge and roll on the Wild Magic Surge table to create a random magical effect. Expending a charge from the staff automatically triggers a wild magic surge. A druid is considered to be in possession of the staff while wild shaped so long as they merged the staff with them upon transforming. - **Bow of Ivy** *Weapon (longbow), rare* This bow appears strung with a thin vine of ivy. When you use this weapon to make a ranged attack, you can, as a command phrase, say, “Reach and entwine.” Tendrils of ivy reach around and cling to the arrow nocked in the bow, and the bow expels a vine of ivy with the arrow when it is fired. On a hit the arrow deals normal weapon damage and imbeds itself into the target and creates a secure anchor. The vine is approximately an inch thick at its widest and extends to the weapon’s maximum range, and can be detached from the bow with enough slack to be tied off to a nearby structure. The vine has 5 hit points and an AC of 22 against ranged attacks. The vine can be burst with a DC 17 Strength check, and will tear if more than 500 pounds of weight is exerted on it. The vine lasts for 10 minutes before it breaks down. A creature hit by the arrow is considered tethered to whatever the other end of the vine is attached to and cannot move any further away from it. As an action the creature may remove the arrow and end this effect. This property of the bow can’t be used again until the next dawn. As a bonus action, if the vine is still attached to the bow and you are holding the bow, you may say the command word, “Retract” to cause the vine to retract back to the bow at a speed of 15 squares. If the vine is attached to an object that weighs less than the total weight of you and your gear the object is pulled back to you when the vine retracts. Otherwise you are pulled toward the object. - **Bracers of Beast Form** *Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement by a druid)* You get one additional use of your Wild Shape ability, but can only use it to assume the form of a beast which falls under the category indicated by the bracers (DM’s discretion which beasts fall under which category). The type is determined randomly every day at dawn, and is indicated through the Druidic runes on the bracers and the form that the pauldron takes as indicated on the chart below. This property of the bracers cannot be used again until the next dawn. &gt;d10 Pauldron &gt;1 Invertebrate (giant shell) &gt;2 Rodent (capybara skull) &gt;3 Fish (fish scales) &gt;4 Herptile (turtle skull) &gt;5 Avian (eagle skull) &gt;6 Feline (panther skull) &gt;7 Canine (wolf skull) &gt;8 Ungulate (stag skull) &gt;9 Large Mammal (bear skull) &gt;10 Primate (gorilla skull) - **Bracelet of the Psychopomp** *Wondrous item, uncommon (requires attunement)* This bracelet appears to be made of human knuckle bones strung together on a slightly elastic string. This bracelet has 7 charges. When you are wearing this bracelet and a creature within 30 feet of you makes a death saving throw you can use your reaction to expend a charge and change the result of that roll to the opposite result. In addition, when a creature within 30 feet of you suffers a death saving throw failure you can use your reaction to expend 2 charges and change one failure into a success instead. The bracelet regains 1d4 + 1 expended charges daily at dawn. When the last charge is expended the bracelet crumbles to dust. - **Armor of Living Stone** *Armor (breastplate or half plate), legendary (requires attunement by a druid)* This armor appears to be composed of thin plates of moldable rock as resilient as steel. Whenever you use Wild Shape or cast the spell *shapechange* while you are wearing this armor the armor will transform along with you, changing its size and shape to fit your new form. The armor’s weight changes to match your new form. If the natural AC of your new form is equal to or greater than the AC granted by the armor you instead receive a +2 bonus to your AC. You may choose to merge this armor with you or drop it at the time of transformation rather than wear it. - **Armor of the Fallen Leaves** *Armor (light), legendary (requires attunement by a druid or ranger)* This armor is composed of overlapping green leaves strengthened through the magic of the elves to have the durability of steel. While wearing it your AC is equal to 15 + your Dex modifier, and you can use it to cast the *gaseous form* spell as an action. This property of the armor can’t be used again until the next dawn. When you change form the leaves of the armor turn red, orange, and brown and scatter on the breeze. You merge with the fallen leaves and disappear. The leaves appear to flutter through the air or along the ground and are under your control, surrounding you while you are in your gaseous form. When the spell ends the leaves coalesce and you reform in this armor, but the leaves remain in their autumn colors. The leaves slowly change back to green by the next dawn.
Here's a simple idea; give the diadem an ability where the user's proficiency bonus is added to their damage with weapon attacks. Thus they get more damage as time goes on and they level up.
I'd argue any intake of breath is no longer holding your breath. I wouldn't call a person who holds their breath but breathes through their nose holding their breath; they are still breathing.
Also a good idea, but I don't think the damage would scale out of control. It would be an extra 6 damage at max level, and that damage wouldn't be doubled due to crit or anything since it's not a die.
This is brilliant. The boss is, regardless, a flavored Iron Golem (almost a Deadly encounter for the 7 of them) Depending on how much gold is available, make every 1000GP equal a -1 to the individual's attack rolls and DCs, and maybe every 5000GP is a -1 to AC. Thus the more they give back the weaker the golem is. If they gave back a full 10,000 GP it would be hitting at -10 and have an AC of 18, a much easier fight.
True. And solo monsters are overpowered by parties in general. There's a lot to consider, though; how much HP does the party have going into the fight? How many of their abilities are "on cool down"? How many spell slots have they used at this point? Etc.
More like "I was harassed." "By who?" "The female harassment instructor." "Dude she's hot. Stop complaining."
I'm assuming it's a sapling bowtruckle; no bark yet.
That is the canon explanation; there needed to be time for the death to sink in before the thestrals could be seen. [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/harrypotter/wiki/repeats#wiki_harry_saw_his_parents_die_-_why_wasn.27t_he_able_to_see_thestrals_until_book_5.3F)
No, she has actually claimed that she knew about thestrals for a while, but didn't want to introduce them in that scene because it would be jarring for the reader to introduce them at the end of a book. So give herself a bit of a cop-out she explained that a person needs to really accept the death and let it sink in before they can see thestrals. [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/harrypotter/wiki/repeats#wiki_harry_saw_his_parents_die_-_why_wasn.27t_he_able_to_see_thestrals_until_book_5.3F)
Fair enough. 'Twas my first assumption.
I assumed that was just him theorycrafting, that Dark Wizards would just assume that "bring back the dead" meant they could create an army of dead people.
The funny thing is, I've heard tell that some people are getting on the "Let's all hate Marisha" bandwagon now because... reasons? I think people just have to have someone to shit on. I think there's a general agreement that Orion, and thus Tiberius, was the weakest link in the chain early in the show (for one reason or another). Once that chain was cut people went to find the next weakest chain. In this case, Marisha tends to have Keyleth really bog down the group with so much concern over metagaming that sometimes it starts to feel like too much, and on multiple occasions froze the action to either discuss metagaming or argue against the decision that the rest of the group had already made. And she's misread spells multiple times. Do I blame her? No; I love Marisha, I think she's great and I like Keyleth's whole shtick. I loved Orion too, I thought he was funny and that Tiberius brought a certain flair to the game that I liked. They both had their faults, but then *all* the other players have their faults. Travis seems quick to boredom and frustration, Laura plays Vex as a borderline kleptomaniac which can cause issue once in a while (and as much as I love Trinket he gets in the way more often than is ideal), etc. The fact is, everyone has their faults. No one is perfect, and especially in DnD no one is going to role play perfectly 100% of the time. Mistakes or accidents or misunderstandings will happen. And this is *live* gaming; nothing is scripted. But because this is publicly broadcast to everyone online, some viewers get unreasonable and demand something that's just not possible.
Fair assessment. All of that just come back to my point; no one in the show is perfect, but someone will (by logic) always be the *least* perfect and that person will get the brunt of complaints by the fans. And that's shitty because the show will never be perfect and there will always be small issues here or there. First it was Orion and now I think it's falling on Marisha. If she suddenly left who would it then fall on? I guarantee someone. So we should all get off their backs.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. But I'm so tired of seeing this and seeing "DAE HATE THE MOVIES LIKE ME" *upvoted to front page* posts that get circle jerked to death by all the HP fans who look down on anyone who admits to not being a fan of the books. Michael Gambon did *not* yell the entire time during the movies. He yelled **ONCE**. He yelled exactly *once* when he shouldn't have. Every other scene he was quiet, reserved, contemplative, calm, mild-mannered, etc. But that one scene has apparently convinced an entire generation of human beings that for the entire run of 6 films all the man did was scream whenever he was on screen. And I am just so tired of seeing this every single time to go onto this subreddit looking for news about the new movies coming out, or thoughts about Cursed Child, or any other news being revealed. No. It's always "Let's circle jerk about how bad the movies are" and "Michael Gambon is literally Hitler."
Your post is in jest, but please allow me to elaborate on my feelings and my frustration. I think we can universally agree that circle-jerking is a bad thing. Circle-jerk itself is a slang term for an *echo chamber*, a situation in which "information, ideas, or beliefs are amplified or reinforced by transmission and repetition inside an "enclosed" system, where different or competing views are censored, disallowed, or otherwise underrepresented." I feel, after 5 years now (if we are just counting from the last film, and assume that no complaints about the movies ever occurred before then, which is a ludicrous claim but I will defer), that any post that is focused on the subject of "why the HP films are bad" sits squarely in the dominion of an echo chamber. I don't think I have ever come to this subreddit and not seen a post that has some variant of this topic as its subject somewhere on the front page. It is constant and tiring. The problem with this line of discussion is that there *is no discussion* to be had. That's why echo chambers are bad things. Critical discussion is halted and suppressed as the echoes of opinions are constantly thrown back and forth. There's no value in it. All it does is reinforce personal belief systems, blocking any attempt at meaningful conversation. No one's views are challenged, no one learns anything, and the few people who stand up and try to get a word of disagreement in are (almost always, I will acknowledge that sometimes they aren't down voted into oblivion) summarily quieted and removed from the topic. That's the *definition* of an echo chamber! Lots of HP fans don't like the films. I get that, and they are entitled to that opinion. But here, in this Internet forum, that opinion gets tossed around too often to the detriment of the community. I honestly want to start a petition on this subreddit to ban low-effort posts related to this topic. Because that's all they are; low effort echo chambers for people to repeat after each other like parrots and feel good about how much everyone else thinks like them. I truly think they should be stopped.
&gt; In the movie both are constantly screaming I understand your critiques, but this I just don't get, and it's part of my frustrations. Dumbledore never makes a sound after his (perfectly calm and level-headed) "The Aurors are on their way" line. Not until after Voldemort appears to disapparate. There are certainly things I understand people disliking about Gambon's performance as Dumbledore, but when individuals such as you make 100% false claims in an attempt to discredit him, that bothers me. And that's a majority of the complaints I see about him and about the films in general; false, over-exaggerated arguments that are based more on the individual's flawed memories of what happened in the film, rather than what actually happened.
So essentially the boots make the PC immune to falling, unless they are knocked prone or their speed is reduced to 0.
That's tough. The boots don't cast the *fly* spell on the user (which is the example given), they literally give the user a **flying speed**, which is different though similar. But that flying speed is indeed provided through magic. So I'm not sure which is the best call.
That does make sense, but at the same time I do think that the main point is that the magical boots are granting flight magically. And with the PC in question I was going to flavor the boots to basically give him a sort of "Death Eaters from Harry Potter" effect when he uses them; his lower body would basically be wrapped in dark smoke as he flies around (He's a death domain cleric, so it's very flavorful for them). I've always been rather open about how magic items look.
Hell, I got my players to consider the same thing. They are monster hunters/bounty hunters (one is a blood hunter using Matt Mercer's blood hunter class, and I built a whole pseudo-witcher/pseudo-Jedi society around them) that received a job to investigate the mines in a town to the north where a few people had died. The lord mayer of said town sent a request to the blood hunter Institute of which the PC was a member, offering a substantial reward for any monster slayer who would come and help them. This got (instantly and magically) ferried to the PC who agreed to take the job. Rather than walk 2 days to the very near large city and take a teleportation circle to the town (which they could have afforded, I assure you, and their in-game reason being that they "don't trust teleportation") the PCs decided to hoof it across a couple hundred miles of elven forest and wilderness, arriving at the town some 6 days after starting. Entire place slaughtered, no bodies even visible, blood everywhere. Of course this ends up working perfectly for the overarching plot with the BBEG, but at least one of the PCs is devastated that they took too long and basically feels responsible for the massacre. Last session they had found their way back to the Institute and spoke with the PC's blood hunter mentor, who didn't chide them but certainly implied he expected them to get to the town sooner because he assumed that the PC was dead, killed with the rest of them. They just got another contract to clear out a haunted inn, and the mentor suggested they should use the Institute's circle to port there in the morning. Cue blood hunter PC "Yeah... we'll teleport from now on."
It's shitty too, when you're one of these kids who has one of these parents but *don't want them to do that.* My mother would never listen to me when I would tell her *not* to call the doctor, or my school, or whatever. That I can do it myself and I need to do it myself. And still she'd do it, because she took too long to step out of the "my son needs to be helped" stage. It's embarrassing, and there's nothing you as the child can do to prevent it. You can't tie them to a fence and prevent them from calling someone.
Snoke is just using you for your humor. When he gets all the upvotes, he'll crush you.
It absolutely was, and I was always afraid it would severely harm me in my professional and adult life. I've seen enough situations where job recruiters or bosses would look down upon the child, or maybe refuse to hire them, because their parent called to make an appointment, or call in sick, or what have you. And the last thing I ever wanted was for my mother to lose me a job or respect with a group because she decided I couldn't handle picking up the phone for myself. As a result of this I stopped telling her things. Didn't let her know about stuff going on in my life until well after it was handled. Because I couldn't trust her. She thankfully much better since I've moved out a few years ago, but at the time it was constant stress.
Isn't she siding with everyone else again????
These look pretty great. Definitely will be putting together a request soon.
FALKOOOOOOR!
ಠ_ಠ
If we're just talking about our fav EK builds, I have a dragonborn EK/Abjuration Wizard who I loved. He was a Fighter 6/Wizard 5 when we stopped the campaign. Defensive fighting style, Full Plate Armor, alternated between sword and board and a great sword depending on my needs in combat, and with the War Caster feat. I took *shield* as one of my EK spells and *green-flame blade* as my primary cantrip because I like the flavor and capability to spread damage around a bit. I also took *misty step* as one of my wizard spells so that I could get into and out of melee more easily as needed. Also a great utility spell. My AC was 21 at all times with the shield, and I was able to cast *shield* to bring it up to 26 (22 and 27 once I successfully crafted a +1 shield). I enjoyed him a lot. Spell progression was a bit off but in my case it didn't hurt too bad; we started at lvl 7 so I only needed 1 more level for 2nd level spells, but I also got 3rd level spells quicker than if I were a straight EK. I was the front-line tank for the group with an amazing 27 AC; DM was surprised more than anything whenever I would actually get hit. I pretty much never lost concentration on a spell because of my really high Con save and War Caster advantage. He was a very effective tank, the Abjuration ward giving me some extra protection as well. My plan was to either go full Wizard for the rest of the game or take one last dip into Fighter for War Magic at some point; I couldn't decide whether I wanted to do a bit more damage with cantrip + melee, or be more resilient to spells. As the tank I was probably going to stick full wizard, but I was still thinking about it. If there's one suggestion I can make in regards to how to play an EK it is to remember that other people can use your bonded weapons. This guy had a long sword and a great sword; most of the time I'd pull out the long sword and shield combo, but if I was confident that I wouldn't get hit by something or my shield was not available for whatever reason I'd pull out the great sword. Having my swords within reach of me at all times (technically) was extremely handy in one encounter, when we met some gypsies and sat down to eat with them. We had left our weapons with our horses by their request (us players assuming it might be a trap, but having no reason in character to assume that). Someone figured out that the gypsies were going to sacrifice us to a wight and the undead king in the area, and when combat started I was able to recall my longsword, toss it to another character to fight with, then recalled my great sword on the next turn and the two of us went to town.
Yeah, it's incredibly useful if you get creative. Once we needed to cross a very narrow ledge over a ravine. I "lich-king'ed" my great sword into the ice to use it as an anchor for the rope we tied across, then used the rope to get across the ravine. We continued on, leaving the rope there in case we needed it, but because of an impending roc and through a terrifying use of *featherfall* I got us to the bottom of the mountain and then simply recalled my great sword back to me. Lost the rope but we had plenty of it still on hand. I begged my DM to have us captured and our weapons taken away. I wanted it *so* bad.
You can always just give the monsters in the MM more health, without even being unfair about it. Example; a Wraith has 67 HP, but it's 9d8 + 27 could be as high as 99. So just use the max HP for each creature rather than the average listed; lasts a bit longer but won't 1-shot your players by using a higher CR monster. The stat blocks are more like guidelines anyway.
I amended Grappler for my campaign. It now reads simply as thus. Grappler: When you successfully grapple a creature you may choose to also restrain it and reduce your speed to 0.
Oh yeah; makes logical sense that things must work that way.
I'm still 100% convinced that part of the failing of the story is the fact that it's presented as a screenplay. I don't like *any* of the plays where I had to read the ***screenplay***. If CC had been written like a standard fiction novel, like the rest of the series, it would have been much more well received even if not a single plot point was changed.
That was me when I got into an accident in college; driving home for the winter holidays on the highway, it started to snow, and I must have been going too fast. I started to slide and turn left. Front left of the car smashed into the guardrail next to me and suddenly I was spinning out, and all I could think was "I'm in the car. The car is spinning. I might die. Okay." I was still turning the wheel to stop the spin as much as I could, but it was still a strangely calm feeling. Fortunately I ended up coming to rest perfectly in my lane and facing the right direction to boot, and there were no cars immediately around me. A bit bitter that not a single person tried to help me, though. After I stopped I mean.
Not to mention there are at least a few situations in the PT, particularly EpII, where I actually think Anakin is in the right and being directly unfairly treated. Best example; when Bibble asks Anakin his opinion regarding Padmé's safety, and before he can even open his mouth Padmé essentially tells everyone never to speak to Anakin and only ever ask her questions, like Anakin is still literally a 9 year old who can't frame sentences. His first mission alone, his first chance to be an adult and show everyone that he can do a good job, and his *charge* won't even allow him to answer a question. Yeah, I'd be pretty fucking pissed off too, and I think all those stares and looks the Naboo royalty are tossing around in that scene are in regards to *Padmé* being rude and speaking down to Anakin, rather than Anakin being disrespectful.
I think it can go both ways; it matters how you use them, but there are specific key abilities that only tapping into the dark side allows you to use, and vice-versa for the light side. Force lightning being the best example. Sith alchemy perhaps another. While only light siders can transition into force ghosts.
Here's a gripe. I don't like what they did with Chirrut. I LOVE Chirrut. I think he's awesome. I think he brought an interesting perspective to the movie and to the Star Wars universe as a whole. I thought everything we see on screen worked extremely well with him. What I don't like is their apparent decision to insist that Chirrut *is not Force-sensitive.* Having seen the film and read through the Visual Guide for Rogue One, everything feels like a ham-fisted excuse to justify how he exists as he does without being Force-sensitive. Examples. "Baze told him about the kyber crystal Jyn was wearing." The one that was under Jyn's shirt the whole time? "He has learned how to live with his blindness and expand his other senses, to the point where he can do things that you swear were supernatural." You mean like how there are actually people in this universe who are actually able to do supernatural things, because there's an actual ***Force*** that allows them to do so? "His staff contains a kyber sliver and a battery pack, allowing him to hear its vibrations and know where both ends are in relation to his body." Fucking why even? This is probably the most unneeded bit of justification; a blind person can feel a staff and probably *would* have decent knowledge of where it is in relationship their body just by being familiar with it. "The Force turns dark around a being who is about to kill." I don't even know how they justify this one; he can apparently sense the Force growing dark around Cassian, but isn't Force-sensitive. I don't buy it. It's so unnecessary. The man comes from a non-Jedi faith that worships the Force; is it so weird that he himself could be Force-sensitive? He doesn't have to be Jedi Master levels of proficient; just enough to be able to "see beyond sight" or something. No telekinesis, no precognition, but the ability to sense his surroundings even though he's blind, and the ability to feel the presence of others; that's seems reasonable to me. I assume they wanted to avoid a "Jedi" in the party as it were, but being a touch Force-sensitive does not a Jedi make. Chirrut, by my reckoning, is supposed to be the spiritual individual of the group anyway; the Force connection that all Star Wars movies have. Making him not Force-sensitive is an interesting twist to that, but then they made him *blind* and now have to justify how he can do anything. I'm convinced that he originally *was* Force-sensitive; that's how he was able to sense Cassian's "darkness," how he sensed Jyn's kyber crystal, how he can fight so effectively, and how he was able to call upon the Force to protect him right at the end. Have we ever seen a non-Force-sensitive use the Force in any way like that? The whole concept has been that, while the Force flows through all living things *only those who are Force-sensitive* can manipulate it and respond to its commands in turn. Anyway, rant over I guess. **tl;dr Chirrut should have been Force-sensitive, not the piles of justifications for why he does what he does but still isn't sensitive. It would have been** ***easier*** **if they just made him Force-sensitive, and would not have damaged anything in the film.**
I think so as well, and I hope that's what they were going for, but the Visual Guide does indeed say he's not Force-sensitive. I can find the exact wording for you later today.
Obi-Wan and Luke's dialogue in ANH: &gt;Luke: "You mean it controls your actions?" &gt;Obi-Wan: "Partially, but it also obeys your commands." Generally, at least as far as my knowledge goes, the Force is able to work in both ways simultaneously; you can make it do things, and it can make *you* do things as needed. Both of these are facets of a Force-sensitive individual, and we've never seen a non-Force-sensitive call upon the Force the way we basically see Chirrut do. As others have mentioned, Chirrut could have been slightly sensitive. Not powerful enough in the Force to use telekinesis or anything, but enough to be able to feel it, sense it, perceive his surroundings in a supernaturalw ay, pray and will to it and have it respond to his desires in a dire moment? That's perfectly logical, would be *extremely* simple to articulate and fit within the narrative, and yet they claim he's not Force-sensitive at all.
I liked the old concept that the crystal itself was colored, and thus the idea that Mace Windu, for example, specifically went out to find a purple crystal as a personal trial. That said, I like this new concept as well, but I don't see why there can't be a bit of an overlap. Until they explain purple, yellow, and silver (is there a difference between silver and white?) crystals (and orange? Is orange canon?), I will assume that maybe they are special crystals.
I just want official media to agree.
Yellow is definitely canon; we see the Temple Guard Jedi in Clone Wars wielding yellow sabers. As far as [Wookieepedia](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Kyber_crystal#Known_crystal_colors) is concerned, there exist in canon: black, blue, light blue, green, yellow-green, yellow, red, purple, and white. So I guess no orange yet. The "light blue" seems silly to me; that's that old Jedi's lightsaber from the Clone Wars which I had always heard called "silver." Doesn't look particularly blue to me.
Most of those quotes are paraphrased from the Visual Guide, which explains that Chirrut is *not* Force-sensitive and uses such tricks to explain how he's able to, say, fight an entire squad of stormtroopers without receiving a scratch. The "darkness around someone" is, however, from the movie, spoken by Chirrut himself.
I got it. &gt;"Though he seemingly lacks Force abilities, this warrior monk has rigorously honed his body through intense physical and mental discipline." &gt;"Chirrut does not speak of how he came to be blinded, but due to the simplicity of Jedha medicine the condition is real and irreversible. He has adapted to his new state well, with a mental discipline that filters the most crucial information from his remaining senses, and a keen control of body that allows him to move with pinpoint precision through his imagined surroundings." &gt;"Chirrut is a practitioner of zama-shiwo; a Jedha martial art also known as "the inward eye of the outward hand." The central pillar involves perfection of physical awareness--conscious accounting of a bodies placement, contact, and internal functions. It is said that a master of these techniques can alter his heart rate, oxygen intake, and vital processes to produce seemingly supernatural effects. This is similar to Jedi physical exercises that emphasize bottle the control--some believe due to a cultural connection with the ancient past." &gt;"Echo-box transmitter assists in situational awareness." (A device he wears on his belt) &gt;"Chirrut carries a flame-hardened uneti-wood staff to help guide his path as he walks through the streets of Jedha. The top is capped with a metal lamp that contains a kyber sliver. Designed as a symbolic source of inner illumination, it also allows Chirrut to better gauge where the end of the staff is, as he can hear both the battery and crystal harmonic." You'll see it does not state outright that Chirrut is not Force-sensitive, but does claim he "seemingly lacks Force abilities" and, in my opinion, goes really far to provide non-Force-based justification for his ability to fight and maneuver. In a universe where the Force is well known, I think if he was supposed to be Force-sensitive the book would just say so.
While I agree with that on the surface, the large number of other things in the book that basically say, "What? Force-sensitive? Oh no no, he just has a stick that hums," really feels to me like they were trying way too hard to make him not Force-sensitive. Besides that; why be all mysterious and vague about it? He's a member of a Force-worshipping group; he's the last person they should have to hide his Force-ness. It just all doesn't make any sense.
Agreed; coworker making a pass at OP doesn't make OP a bad person. Fuck, this choice in image macro actually makes sense now.
That's what I always heard.
Man, it's a really pretty mini but I can't get over the stacked wing design. It's neat I guess, but not my cup of tea.
No comments that her brother was being a bit mean? I mean, I'm an older brother to a younger sister myself; we weren't the nicest kids to each other either, but at the very least if I were making fun of my sister I would be told to knock it off. Kids tease each other, but my parents would put a stop to it if it looked like actual feelings were getting hurt. Mayhaps I'm reading too much into it, but I feel like the son's goading of his sister is being ignored here.
I'm starting to wonder how many of us here are from south of Boston.
Fair enough. You're the mom and I'm sure you know your kids better than I do.
[This image](http://static4.paizo.com/image/content/PathfinderBattles/WZK71461_WhiteDragon_500.jpeg) shows it better. The way the wings have interior layers with claws. It's cool, but not how I personally like my dragons. That's all.
I'd love to get the source on that. I'm in the camp that believes he only betrayed them because he rejoined the Elder Brain and lost his individuality.
If you are talking about tabletop like DnD, Star Wars: SAGA Edition is very similar to DnD 3e and a personal favorite of mine. No longer being printed, though.
&gt; And in real life, when someone has communicated their preference and you forget, it's rude to them to act like it doesn't matter. It matters to them. But misgendering someone or forgetting for a moment what their preference is **doesn't automatically mean that their preference doesn't matter to you.** And I think that's really the problem that many people, myself included, have with the individuals screaming at Matt and the rest of the cast; those individuals apparently can only see a slip-up as intentionally malicious. And that's wrong. It doesn't help the non-binary community or make people understand them better. As someone else here said; screaming at someone about how horrible they are isn't going to convince them of anything or make them a better person. You're just going to drive them away. I have a trans friend who has said this exactly; she understands that misgendering happens, and sometimes people use male-specific pronouns when talking to her or about her, or call her by the wrong name. That doesn't mean they don't care about her preferences or what she's asked people. It means they messed up or, possibly, just legitimately didn't know. She doesn't scream at someone for making a mistake, and no one else should either. On the flip side, I got scolded by another person when I referred to a third individual as "he." I was yelled at because that third individual became transgender in the three or so years that had elapsed since I had last spoken to this person in college. I literally had not had any contact with them until that moment. Still, I apologized for the mistake and edited my comment to reflect the proper gender that she preferred, and yet I was still yelled at a *second time* for my mistake. And that's not the right way to make this better. No one is going to convince the people who need convincing by screaming at them. I know trans people and non-binary individuals suffer for being who they are. I'm not trying to belittle that; I want my trans friends to have safe and happy lives and be treated equally and fairly. Screaming at a bunch of voice actors for saying "he" instead of "they" isn't going to make that happen, though. Informing is one thing; that's great. Chastising isn't okay, though.
It can repair a construct, like stick an arm back on or something, but it can't *heal* hitpoints.
RAW a lizardfolk's AC already doesn't "contribute" to your Barbarian/Monk AC. You can only ever have one source calculating your AC at a time. So if you are a Barbarian you can either have 13 + Dex be your AC or 10 + Dex + Con be your AC. You're allowed to choose which one applies, but you can't have both applying at the same time. Lizardfolk Barbarians don't get 13 + Dex + Con. It would be different if the wording for Unarmored Defense was "you can add your Con modifier to your AC." Then you could, in fact, have Lizardfolk AC with your Con added. But that's not the case, so it's a non-issue.
Oh I see. I misunderstood. Yeah I suppose that is a bit wonky.
Watch the video where Obama explains why he is giving him the award.
Someone posts an event. You make a comment asking a question that is *answered by the video of the event.* I suggest you watch the video to find your answer. You refuse. What exactly are you doing here *except* to bitch about Obama? Had I actually wasted my time answering your question directly (instead of offering a way for *you* to educate *yourself*) you would have just said those reasons were stupid, or claimed I was bullshitting, or some other jerk response. And I know this because you yourself, without prompt, made it very clear that you hate Obama. So either save yourself the energy and leave the topic about a person you don't like, or watch the video and educate yourself and find your answers. It's very very easy to Google.
&gt; and now have a nice heavy sack of balls. Y.... yeah?
If Palpatine ever came into the game I'd assume he'd get some sort of ability that refers to "battle meditation." Maybe every ship can use 1-fewer command dials. Ships with only 1 command dial either don't benefit, or can choose their command at the time of the ship activation.
What's the focus of the light cruiser? Like; what's it's job?
I personally never played that game, but I had a Duros smuggler named Fareem Dacelo in a Star Wars RPG once who had one of these ships named the *Idiot's Array.* He had some Captain Jack Sparrow personality quirks; mostly the love of his hat and the love of his ship. Also an Australian accent. God I loved that game. And that ship.
Say I'm a Druid, concentrating on *Flaming Sphere*. I decide I want to try and cast *Call Lightning*. As I begin to cast, however, the enemy Wizard sees this and casts *Counterspell*, and successfully negates my spell before I finish casting it; my *Call Lightning* fails. So now the question becomes; does my *Flaming Sphere* also disappear? Does attempting **and failing** to cast a spell equal casting another spell for the purposes of losing concentration? The passage you are describing I think **does** suggest that indeed, by RAW, the *Flaming Sphere* does disappear; the moment I tried to cast *Call Lightning* I choose to drop *Flaming Sphere* as well; the fact that my spell ends up failing doesn't change that. But I will suggest that there is some level of interpretation here that could change from person to person and DM to DM. Arguably, I didn't actually cast *Call Lightning*, which makes this situation different from the *Bane*/*Faerie Fire* situation. One could argue that because I never actually started concentrating on the spell (because it failed before I could concentrate on it) I shouldn't lose my other concentration spell. And as a player, I'd sure be bummed that my *Call Lightning* spell got canceled **and** I also now lose out on *Flaming Sphere*. I think you're interpretation is correct, but in my example, as a DM, I'd either rule that the *Flaming Sphere* gets to stay or ask the Druid to make a DC 10 Concentration check to try and hold onto the *Flaming Sphere* magic.
The DMG contains rules in the "Making Monsters" section for how to make something a zombie or skeleton; basically you make some changes to their ability scores and add some condition and damage immunities. I'd suggest zombie for the undead purple worm.
I'm still holding out hope for some sort of archetype that will let me properly re-build my 4e Essentials character. She was the Essentials *Hunter* class. She didn't do much damage; I mean really, she did shit damage, but she *never* missed a shot and had a lot of really good battlefield control. She could push opponents in any direction she wanted, pin them, knock them prone, etc. She could "slide" around the battlefield really easily and avoid damage. And that's all not talking about her great stealth, climbing, nature-knowledge, and healing; she had some magic through her class but I also used the Alchemist background so that she could make poultices and healing potions from her knowledge of herbs. And I've been having such a hard time building her in 5e. I keep leaning toward Battlemaster Fighter, because it'll give me all those great maneuvers to let her push, knock prone, etc. But then I lose out on so many things from the Ranger class; no favored enemy, no magic healing, no Fleet of Foot, no Hide in Plain Sight or Vanish. I don't know what I was hoping for, but I'm a bit disappointed.
This is apparently a common tactic. I did the same in a grim reaper costume one year. 13-ish girl and her 6-ish brother walk up with their parents. Girl makes the boy go first to see if I'm real. I allow him to pass without any interaction. Girl goes up. Scared her; just let the plastic scythe I had fall in front of her when she tried to go up. I don't think she heard me say "be nice to your brother" in a gravelly voice because she was screaming. Be nice to your brother.
Oh god, yeah. I moved out of my parents' house in 2013. Lived in a different town across the state with some roommates. We had a house on a pretty *okay* street; I know that families lived there, I would see kids regularly outside. I was also really pumped for Halloween and to hand out candy. We all dressed up as Avengers; me as Iron Man, one friend as Thor, the other as Hawkeye. We got a bunch of candy, set up a smoke machine in the hallway so when we answered the door we could walk out of the smoke. We turned on the porch light so people would know we were a safe trick-or-treating house. We didn't get a single fucking kid. Not a one. Same thing the next year. In late 2015 I moved in with my girlfriend to a nice apartment complex in another town nearby. I see kids and families all the time here. I was upset because we moved in mid November, so we missed Halloween that year in the complex. But then Halloween 2016 came; I asked the main office if the complex had any trick-or-treating programs set up and how we could join. Apparently they don't do that. I didn't even bother to get into costume this time around. I'm so bummed at what Halloween has become...
Yes I just wish I could keep the higher level ranger stuff.
What is the general consensus regarding giving magic items to creatures, such as a beast ranger's animal companion, or an artificer's mechanical servant? I'm poking through "Large, CR≤2 beasts" for the artificer. Most people have been looking at Giant Eagle as the go to, since you can then fly on it like a kickass arcane glider. That's awesome, but the 26 HP is so weak to me. Then I stumbled upon the Giant Octopus and immediately thought of [these fuckers.](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/robotsupremacy/images/0/08/Squiddy.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120512111003) Now, hear me out. Most of its abilities are pretty meh; it's got pretty bad AC (11), and it needs to be underwater in order to use its Ink Cloud or Underwater Camouflage. It also has a pretty shit walking speed of 10 feet. But there's gold in there, I think. It has great HP; 52 is pretty good for CR 1. It can also grapple and restrain on a hit, with a pretty decent escape DC (16), and *has a 15 foot reach to do so*. That alone almost makes its speed a non-issue; it can basically attack something just as well as a dwarf can get into melee. Same for its measly AC; can't be hit if the target can't get up to it. A normal Giant Octopus can only breathe underwater, but I'd argue that as a construct, it no longer has that requirement. It's also got that great swimming speed for whenever it *can* get underwater, not to mention the other great uses it gets in water. But now we come to my original question; magic items for animal/construct companions. Say you get a hold of a pair of Wings of Flying, either at 20th level by making them yourself, or through the game. Could you then give them to your octopus construct? Now it can fly 60 feet for up to an hour, really useful for combat. It's even got a higher strength score than a giant eagle, so you could ride around on it in a big battle while it grapples things from 15 feet away, granting you advantage with your Thunder Cannon. If your DM is a cool guy, you could incorporate the wings into "magical jets" or "arcane anti-grav boosters" that take 1d12 hours to recharge after they are used, essentially forever incorporating your Wings of Flying into the octopus construct. Thoughts? Straying way into the realm of DM discretion?
Only a large-sized base. Immersion ruined. /s if that's not clear.
I figured as much, but is there a rule about companions using magic items? Maybe even just a creature needing a minimum Intelligence or something? I'm not seeing anything like that in the DMG, and in fact the DMG goes to great lengths to specify that items can be attuned to ***creatures,*** and does not specify **players** or **humanoids** or anything like that.
Is that a general rule about Twinned Spell? I always thought that you roll once and apply that roll to both targets. But maybe I'm getting confused.
I think the honest answer is that I'm not going to be able to recreate her faithfully; martial adept is an option that I've also considered but it's too limiting for what I'd want her to do. Probably I'd end up going with the Battlemaster/Ranger multi-class and accept the loss of higher-level Ranger stuff.
Another thought I had; keep the servant a class feature, but make it a bare-bones feature that gets *modified* by the archetype you choose, and then make those archetypes more interesting overall. Put more focus on doing stuff during short rests, like creating concoctions, altering weapons or items, etc. Mechanical servant can be a tiny or small beast, CR 1/2 max, something you'd use more effectively for utility than combat. Make the **Alchemist** literally the [Honey Lemon](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/disney/images/6/6b/Tumblr_n8se6pza1R1ry7whco1_1280.png/revision/latest?cb=20141030214607) class archetype. Lots more stuff you can do with your satchel, refluff it better so that the *alchemist* is the one making these concoctions and formulae, not the "magic bag" that does it all for them, expand their ability to make potions, etc. During short rests they can create certain formulae which then go into the satchel and can be used X number of times until another short rest. The mechanical servant isn't changed at all for this class, and would really essentially be a familiar for the Alchemist. You could use it to drop off bombs or other concoctions, spy, create distractions, etc; but overall isn't that great a direct combatant. Rename Gunsmith to the **Tinkerer** or maybe **Engineer** archetype. This archetype alters the mechanical servant to be like it is now; a large creature, CR 2, that can really get into combat. Either expand the Smith's use of the Mending cantrip to somehow be able to heal the servant in combat, or give it better ability to heal it through another feature. Still gets a gun/Thunder cannon as its main damage weapon, but can alter its properties during short rests to represent them constantly fiddling with it and changing what it can do. Add a third archetype, the **Armorer** archetype. This is like /u/XayneTrance's idea; the mechanical servant is made a medium-size mech suit that augments the artificer's abilities, gives them heavy armor proficiency, etc., all built off an existing piece of armor (and perhaps you can add a bonus to your AC based on your level or something). You can choose a CR 1 medium beast and gain that beast's stats like speed (and flight if it has it), temporary HP maybe based on their HD, even attacks and special abilities like a boar's charge or a wolf's ability to knock opponents down, but again the suit looks like whatever you want. Maybe at higher levels the suit can temporarily act on its own for 1 minute or something, a'la JARVIS controlling Tony's Iron Man suits. Not sure what short rests could be used for. And for god's sake, expand the magic items that artificer's can construct. This way we get a class that can give good utility with decent damage, one that deals great damage at range, and then a tankier, beefier option that can do good damage in close quarters.
I like this idea, that way you can either dump one really powerful ability into an item, or a few smaller ones. This creates a lot of customization, which is what I think the current UA artificer is missing; reading through it, I don't feel like an inventor creating his own magical devices. As it stands, one alchemist isn't going to be very different from another alchemist, and I think that's not how artificers should be at all. The mechanical servant (as it stands) is a great example of providing *choices* that can make each artificer *different*, because you get to choose what your servant looks like. So even if you have three artificers, and all three take (say) Giant Eagle to base their servants on; one might have a Green Goblin-like glider mount that he rides into battle, one might have a literally large mechanical bird creature instead, and the other might just have a floating ball that slashes at people with a retractable saw.
Constructs are creatures, though. Anything with a stat block is a creature. Creature doesn't mean animal or anything in 5e, though some creatures are beasts, and some are monstrocities, etc.
I don’t presume to be a fantastic creator of homebrew content, especially in regards to mechanical things. I’ve never tried to design a class before, but at least with this I had a good base to work from. Now, in my mind an artificer is supposed to be an inventor, a tinkerer, one that is focused *entirely* on the pursuit of making cool things that no one has seen before. I think it’s an inherent design flaw, therefore, when two Gunsmith Artificers are essentially forced into looking identical to each other. Sure, they can choose different artificer spells and different magic items through the Wondrous Invention feature, but this doesn’t feel like enough of a change. Gunsmith suffers the worst from this, owing to the fact that the archetype literally gets no choices in how it upgrades. Alchemists are given the illusion of choice, since they can pick the formulas that they get as they level, but by lvl 20 every alchemist will have the exact same formulas because there’s exactly as many formulas provided as an alchemist can learn. And all of this is even more baffling when you consider the great fluff and customization behind the mechanical servant. This is not how artificers should be, so I challenged myself to try to make this class better. Most of the base class remains the same. I moved around and added a few more items for the Wondrous Invention feature. A majority of the items on the original list are uncommon and spread around very weirdly. Ring of Jumping at lvl 20? Makes no sense to me. I altered the tiers based on rarity; 2nd and 5th levels are uncommon, 10th is rare, 15th is very rare, and 20th is legendary. And yes, I think it’s perfectly reasonable that a 20th level, *legendary* hero focused around building magic things could build a single legendary-level item. I considered altering the feature to allow the artificer to make *any* item of that level’s available rarity (and below), but decided that there are just way too many items within the DMG that don’t make logical sense for a tinkerer to be able to construct (like an *efreeti bottle*, or a *manual of bodily health*). I removed the mechanical servant from the base class and moved it to the Gunsmith, which I renamed the Engineer, but I’ll return to it in a moment. **Alchemist**, while boring, was already flavorful. It actually feels very [Honey Lemon](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/fb/d3/ea/fbd3ea8e0db04d47887c7a1cbfd4599a.png) to me; a magic/science satchel that you reach into and hands you whatever strange chemical mixture you want. Problem is, it’s just so damn boring. Doesn’t feel fun to level up and just get handed a new concoction, especially when you’re just deciding in what order you want to receive them. First and foremost I considered; what do I want alchemist to do? Answer; utility with a flair towards pyrotechnics. With the idea of “chemistry master” in mind I knew we needed some more formulas that did more interesting things, so I designed a few (some based on Honey Lemon’s abilities, as a matter of fact). I think more than this would be ideal, but this is at least adding some fun options for players to pick from instead of shoehorning them into the same character concept. Alchemists get an increased Wondrous Invention list, all of which are potions and solvents and the like; things you’d expect a chemist/alchemist to want to make. Potions are on the list, but realistically I don’t expect a player to pick that option often; one healing potion probably won’t turn the battle compared to a potion of giant’s strength, for example. And either way, each of these items is a 1-time use and that actually leans me towards believing that it’s a weak decision to choose a potion. I’m curious to see what other people think of it; I strongly believe that alchemists should be able make potions somehow, but I cannot think of any better way to do it that wouldn’t become very overpowered. Maybe if they choose the potion they can somehow refill it every two levels? Maybe they get more lvl options for Wondrous Invention which can only be used to make potions? I’m not sure. Volatile Concoction is a fun feature for me. A limited number of times a day, based on Alchemist level, you can really super-charge a formula to give a big effect. Extra damage dice could potentially go a bit far; we’re talking a potential 15d6 acid damage with Alchemist’s Acid at lvl 20. Sounds like a lot, but I argue that it’s not so unbalanced. 15d6 averages to 52 damage. At lvl 20 you’d get 4 uses of that a day, so 208 damage overall. Wizards, comparatively, get one 9th level spell, one 8th, two 7th, two 6th, and a bunch of 5th and 4th level spells as well. Meteor Swarm alone does an average of 140 damage. Add a single Abi-Dalzim's Horrid Wilting (45 average) and we’re at 185 damage with just two spells. One more spell of 7th level, Finger of Death (61 average) puts us at 246 damage, and we still have a 7th level spell slot, two 6th level, 5th level, etc. Either way, I think Volatile Concoction really shines in its utility and customization options. Need that smoke stick to last longer? Empower it. Need that tanglefoot bag to be a bit bigger? Empower it. This gets more interesting with the 17th level feature, letting you apply two different effects for more fun. The Alchemist Trap is, to me, something severely lacking for the artificer as a whole. Yes, artificers gain glyph of warding. They also don’t have any offensive spells to speak of; literally all of their damage comes from their artificer features. No artificer spell deals damage. So glyph of warding has to be used exclusively for utility, granting buffs to allies who walk over them. That’s a great use of the spell, don’t get me wrong, but I think our chemical utility master needs a way to create some harmful traps to affect enemies. The spell slot is being used to both justify the alchemical formula existing for longer than 6 seconds *and* to reflect the cost of a “normal” glyph of warding, since this is a similar design. Imbibed Immunity basically exists as a logical fill-in; why wouldn’t the guy who is constantly surrounded by chemicals not build up an immunity to them? **Gunsmith.** This may be an unpopular opinion, but I decided to merge the mechanical servant with the Gunsmith, renaming the class “Engineer” in the process. Why? In my mind there are two primary kinds of artificers; those who deal with chemicals, and those who deal with machines. A gun, or “Thunder Cannon,” is definitely a machine. So let’s give the Gunsmith/Engineer the ultimate in machines; a living construct companion. Sounds logical to me. I moved it to lvl 7 to correspond better with archetypal leveling so there’s fewer blank levels overall, and added a few clauses on the construct itself (like that it doesn’t need to eat or breathe, because I think it would be dumb if your giant octopus servant suddenly suffocated to death an hour after you finished building it. I also let the Engineer heal his own machine at the cost of spell slots, because it likewise feels pretty dumb to me that a character, with the mending cantrip, can’t fix a construct unless it *dies* first. And cure wounds doesn’t work on constructs. Oh, and I think if someone *wants* to pick a construct based on a wolf or a bird they should be allowed to, so I altered the size requirements slightly. Thunder Cannon. Badass thing, horrible execution. I don’t see the need to make it cost a bonus action just to reload it. Once more, it feels unnecessarily limiting and pushing artificers into this “you are only allowed to do THIS” mentality that just makes no sense for the class. Gave the Thunder Cannon the loading property so you are still stuck with one shot/round while freeing up your bonus action for anything else, like feats and the like. And then I added a bunch of modification options. Again, in my mind artificers should all be unique, and the Engineer here is supposed to be a master of machines and metallurgy. They tinker, it’s what an artificer *does*, and tinkering means constantly modifying and altering your gear to suit your needs. The archetype retains those alternate firing modes, but presented as *modifications* that you can change or apply as you want. Much more interesting, much more fun to play. More complicated I fully admit, as is the alchemist, but I don’t think unnecessarily so. I think some of the modifications I made should be inspected for balance, but I think they provide great modularity as it stands. Thunder Monger is given as a base mod that can’t be changed because it’s so core to the archetype’s damage. Masterwork Metallurgist has me a bit worried. I think the Thunder Cannon clause is fine; permanent modification that doesn’t go against your max of two. This is the mod you have been using possibly for 17 levels now, it’s core to your playstyle, you *want* it as much as possible and you’ve become an expert at working it. What I’m worried about is the servant clause. I think it’s a great idea to allow the Engineer to modify his mechanical servant. I mean; it’s *his* robot, he built it, he should have some way to modify it the way he can modify his gun. But I’m not sure as to the balance of the options. I think they all have their uses and could draw different people to them. Flight could be really useful for utility, especially if you want to shoot your cannon from your mount’s back. Now you have a flying metal rhino. But then, you could also make it a beefier mount by giving it more hit dice; now your mecha rhino has 60 HP instead of 45. Or you could make it hit harder; now instead of 2d8 + 5 it’s doing 3d8 + 5 (14 vs 18 average damage). Options, I think, are always more fun. **Conclusion** Well, honestly not much to conclude. Please look it over, let me know if anything seems terribly out of place or horrendously needs changing.
Ah damn I missed that detail. That's really blatant in hindsight.
Great points. 1) So essentially, offer them an Alchemical Formula that is just *potions,* and allow them to make potions similar to the DMG's *meh* crafting rules? Hmmm. I want to discuss this more. The crafting rules as it stands take way to long to make anything. I actually have [my own homebrew system in place](https://geeksnewengland.org/2016/01/12/magic-on-the-world-of-aeramis/) (near the bottom of the page, starting with "Transmuting objects with permanent or semi-permanent enchantments...") to make crafting a bit easier while still taking some effort, but I want to keep this class here with the RAW rules if I can. 2) Ah, true! Hadn't considered that. So I suppose they do get one damaging spell, but even so I think Alchemist Trap fills a certain niche that the Artificer doesn't get otherwise. 3) I was so concerned that Volatile Concoction would be overpowered that I forgot to do this, but I'm not sure if this is a necessary change over. The Alchemist, in my mind, is supposed to be less about reliably dealing damage and more about utility *which can also include dealing damage if that's what the Alchemist and their party needs.* So the loss of 12-15 resource-less damage per round I don't think is a big one. The 50ish HP that a servant can soak up, however, I agree does make the Alchemist a bit weaker, but again perhaps this isn't such a terrible thing. They get access to potions which can mitigate this damage by allowing them to heal better than an Engineer. I think I definitely need to give them more potions as well, so start going off the idea that they *will* have more potions than 1/5 levels and this to me means that the Alchemist isn't so terribly off compared to the Artificer. Would allowing the Alchemist to "refill" a chosen potion after a long rest make sense? Too strong? Could make it so that they can only ever have 1 of a particular potion in stock at a time. Maybe even that they can only create 1 potion after a long rest, so if they go into battle with a Potion of Supreme Healing and a Potion of Storm Giant Strength, and both get used, by the next morning they have to pick one or the other to refresh.
Thank you! I agree, the potions should be renewable. I'm trying to decide how best they should be. Right now I'm playing with the idea that after a long rest they can refill one of their expended potions, and can only have 1 of each potion that they get through the feature. So you could have an Alchemist who chooses nothing but potions when they level, and by 20th level they could have *potion of healing, potion of water breathing, potion of heroism, potion of supreme healing,* and *universal solvent.* And every long rest they can refill *one* of these. Perhaps this is too limiting, though? What if they could refill 1 potion from lvls 1-10, and then 2 from lvls 11-20? Still weird? Again I think customization is particularly important for this class, and having options all the time calls back to that.
Very cool. I like the idea of affect engines being these pseudo-arcane objects that you can apply to weapons and armor. The steam knight resembles an archetype I want to incorporate into my artificer class as well; the Armorer. But for now I just wanted to try and improve on the existing formula that Wizards put out.
Even during the Clone Wars plenty of people weren't sure of what the Jedi actually were, the powers they actually controlled, etc.
&gt; I think the Devs were worried about Thunder Monger and extra attack but as written, by them and yourself, since it requires an action it shouldn't be an issue. Agreed; it feels like way too may checks to solve a problem that they already fixed through how Thunder Monger works. This is one reason why I feel like they made the class way to restricted; adding all these needless rules to keep it in a rigid play style, and I don't think that works for an Artificer. This *should* be a big boom stick that normally only fires one slug, and all of the Mods that let you attack more than can once a turn only use regular shots to do so *and* either require an extra action or cause you to shoot less effectively.
&gt; The problem I see with giving +5 is that large numerical boni are really problematic in 5E, since they distort the probabilities too much compared to the ACs you are facing. +5, for example, exactly negates the sharpshooter penalty, giving you a permanent +10 damage if you have sharpshooter (bad!). But let's ignore Sharpshooter for the moment, which is not a problem for a single-attack class (but becomes even MORE problematic with Repeating). You will have an attack bonus of about +15, which means that you basically always hit most ACs. This gets even worse when you have some source of advantage, because you then have +5 AND advantage - if Braced gave advantage, you could only have it once. &gt; 1) If you look at the probabilities, +5 is always stronger(=more likely to hit any given number) than advantage, and disadvantage +5 is always stronger than a straight d20 disadvantage+5 straight d20 - look at the "at least" data. Basically, the "solution" of +5 makes things worse (and, again, even more so when you add another source of advantage). &gt; 2) If you're a 16th+ level character (multiclass rogue and artificer!) who can't reliably get sneak attack on your rolls, you're doing something wrong. Having sneak attack "at will" (for a measly 3d6 at 20th! level) is not massively strong at all. And for that, you sacrifice your mobility for the turn. Plus, the same caveat as above applies: if you DO have advantage from another source, you're almost guaranteed to hit, and hence apply sneak attack, with an extra +5. &gt; Regarding being prone, I have a hard time picturing someone crawling and bracing a weapon at the same time. I don't know, I would force the character to be stationary, or move a maximum of 5 feet. You've about convinced me; I'll alter Braced to give advantage when the character is prone and does not move. Debating removing the heavy property as well, since that just gimps gnomes and halflings and I don't know that it does anything mechanically that matters anyway; just seemed fitting at the time. And I'll look at rewording the Thunder Monger restriction clause. So what about the Repeating Mod, then? Is it okay that Braced can negate it's disadvantage? Is it acceptable with the Sharpshooter feat? I could perhaps change it to be much more like the Ranger AoE attack that it's based on; make it so that you *have* to target different creatures with each attack. That might help balance it a bit so you can't potentially get +50 damage on a single target, but then it feels like a clearly worse alternative to Explosive (Explosion is 30-foot radius, 18 average damage; Repeating would comparatively become 5 targets max, 12 damage average, with 22 damage average using Sharpshooter). My initial design choice with Repeating was that you have the ability to focus those shots on one target for massive single-target damage, or you can spread those shots out for less powerful AoE damage compared to Explosive.
Hmmm, fair point. Trying to think of a clean way to fix that problem. I don't want a houserule to be a required component to keep the ability from being overpowered. Of course something else to consider; is concentrating all 5 Repeating shots on a target even comparable to Thunder Monger at max level? Thunder Monger is 11d6 + Dex at max level, which averages to 43 damage, 53 with Sharpshooter. You can theoretically do that 40 times in a day (40 ammunition over a long rest, though I actually don't think that there was a limit in the original unearthed arcana class to how many bullets you can have) if you don't take a short rest, so an average of 2120 damage before a long rest. Repeating is 10d6 + Dex(x5), which averages to 60 damage, 110 with Sharpshooter. You can theoretically do it 8 times before a long rest, totaling 880 damage in a day. So theoretically, even with Sharpshooter you are doing significantly less damage with Repeating over time than you are just firing the gun's scaling damage. Repeating requires fire shots of ammo to get as high as it does, Thunder Monger needs only one. Repeating can provide more burst damage than Thunder Monger, though, which probably matters more during an encounter. 8 attacks max during an encounter, though, means you're pretty much blowing your massive damage ability all on one boss, though, and now you have no more ammo until you rest again.
I just wanna be clear. You roller bladed in blades with no interior padding to a comic store 7 miles away, stole a Dragonzord dagger toy, and when your parents inspected your clearly bleeding and damaged feet you ended up spilling the beans about stealing it. That correct? What happened after?
I appreciate the input! Thematic is what I was going for. I agree that Wondrous Invention is a bit off overall. I am currently experimenting with an idea to overhaul the feature entirely, change it so that at 2nd, 5th, 10th, 15th, and 20th level you basically get to pick an arcane spell of a certain level or lower and you can cast that spell once per long rest. The fluff would be that you construct an arcane device that mimics the effects of the spell, and it recharges every day to be used again. That might be a bit more interesting and grant the artificer some more options. The spells that can be picked can be restricted; something like only envocation and abjuration, maybe. I agree that the servant gets its upgrade a bit late, but I justified it with the idea that the mechanical servant is leaps and bounds more complicated than a gun, and so you as the artificer need more time and expertise to be able to modify it even as much as you get here.
Altering crafting time for potions isn't a bad idea, but I'm concerned that for most campaigns characters just aren't going to get the downtime necessary to take advantage of the feature for more interesting, higher-rarity potions. No matter what changes you make to the system, crafting a magic item of rare level or higher is going to take a while.
&gt; The second being that once he lost the nomination he sort of disappeared for a while and didn't make the type of effort needed to rally his most ardent supporters (the Bernie Bros) to back HRC so that his progressive agenda had a chance. I call BS on this one, a hundred times over. Bernie was constantly telling people to vote for Clinton, to stay away from Trump and not help him take office (by not voting for Clinton), and that he believed that through Clinton the things he wanted to do for this country were possible. He absolutely tried to get people to swing over to Clinton. He actually got a lot of shit for it, by people who felt he was abandoning everyone who supported him by suddenly supporting his main opponent who beat him.
And yet still stupid, as I put the version number *in the title* but can't edit titles. &gt;_&lt;
Excellent point I neglected to include. Yeah you'd have to be within 5 feet. I'll add that to the next update.
Either RotJ will become "Return" or yeah, probably "Last" would work for this.
He literally has his hand in a fist so that he's *not* grabbing boob.
Class has been updated to 1.0 and is "officially" released with some beautiful updates from Homebrewery. Changes for v1.0 **Overall** - Updated graphics and design using Homebrewery, including info boxes relating to the playtest material nature of the work as well as concept and ideas for artificer customization. - Moved the Ability Score improvement at 18th level to 19th level to fall more in line with every other class. Not sure what WotC's design concept was with it, but I don't feel it necessary. **Alchemist** - Added a 1 minute cooldown to *Flash Ice*. **Engineer** - Altered the way healing works for the **Mechanical Servant.** Now the artificer must cast *mending* on the servant, but can spend a spell slot when they do so to heal it. Flavorful way to keep the healing at touch-range (within 5 feet). - Changed **Bayonet** damage to 1d6 instead of 1d8 to fall more in line with similarly-sized melee weapons. - Changed **Scoped** modification to **Long Barrel** modification. Added heavy property to *Long Barrel*. - Changed **Targeting** modification to **Sighted** modification. - Added the **Handheld** modification, allowing an artificer to wield their Thunder Cannon in one-hand at the cost of reduced power. Allows for niche character concepts such as wielding a gun and sword together while retaining a level of balance. - Added restrictions to some modifications such as **Braced** and **Long Barrel** to not function with **Handheld.** - Added/altered wording on restrictions to the *Double Barrel* and *Repeating* modifications. If anyone plays with this class I'd love to hear more feedback, either here or you can find my email at GeeksNewEngland.org.
I agree that the alchemist is still, fundamentally, a grenade factory in combat-based gameplay. However, I think this is true to the concept of an alchemist constantly tossing out bombs and acid and other chemical concoctions. I think the addition of the Volatile Concoction and Alchemical Trap features do quite a bit to liven up that playstyle, and the alchemist does also still get the bonus of the new Wondrous Invention mechanic and better crafting as needed. It's a tricky balance; I agree that a lack of resource depletion could be frustrating for DMs, but as /u/malignantmind pointed out, even with Wondrous Invention without that bag-of-grenades the alchemist can't do much.
Agreed. And thank you! I really appreciate that. There are so many artificer homebrews and alterations to the UA material. It's nice knowing people like mine.
I don't want to rain on your parade or anything, but I did a similar homebrew as to what you suggested, allowing the Gunsmith (in my version the Engineer) to modify the gun on short rests to tailor it to whatever fighting style they need in the moment. Keeps the "tinkering" concept that I feel a real artificer should have. [It's here.](http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/Bkclf0Mvx) Obviously I'm not the only one who is allowed to do this. I've seen atleast 5 other homebrew attempts to improve the UA artificer. Just wanted to throw mine out there for you.
I guess in a way it's both; the 5e articles are named for the same 2e books after all.
A poison bomb sounds like an awesome idea. Probably I'd just leave the poison cloud to exist for 1 minute, and then anyone who starts their turn or enters the cloud makes a save against being poisoned, and can end the poison on a successful save at the end of their turn if they aren't still *in* the poison. So kinda like a modified *cloudkill*, same as the Alchemical Fire's modified *fireball*. As for your elemental idea; I think it's cool. I'll do some thinking about it more.
I would be remiss if I didn't offer the [alternate UA Artificer](http://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/share/Bkclf0Mvx) I homebrewed. It's mostly the same, but I think is much more interesting than the original class.
This helmet seriously looks like someone who had their face blown off with a shotgun. I can't look at it without seeing that.
Cortana has *always* been a naked woman. That's been her design since day 1. The graphics of 4 just make that infinitely more obvious.
It's /u/katie_pornhub; the one you linked is a phony! And looks like she just posted some exceptionally NSFW stuff just yesterday.
The person I replied to made a point that she was more naked in 4. I was just refuting that particular point.
The gif of the soapy boobs being rubbed?
I didn't say the dice tell *the* story, I said they tell *a* story. It's part of the point of having dice; so that random chance has a way to send things in a direction that is interesting. Without the dice being part of the story telling process you might as well all just collect in a room and talk about what you're doing. There's a purpose to having dice at the table. Yes they are deciding the outcome of choices, I agree, but *you* are robbing the dice creating that outcome by deciding yourself what it will be based on their stats. Again, if you don't agree with me and your players are having fun then by all means, but I can't see myself enjoying that and I think most players wouldn't either.
Fuck, I have a story from grade school that is kinda similar. New girl comes to class for the first time and sits next to me. We were given a project to draw some sort of scene beginning with a particular letter, if I'm remembering correctly, and my table gets A. We had to draw our own scenes. I don't remember what I was drawing, but I was always a very artsy kid and really loved to draw, so I put a lot of effort into it. So I'm taking extra time to put lots of detail and such into the drawing. New girl gets up first and hands in her work. I finish after and bring my work up as well. A few minutes later the teacher calls us both to her desk and asks why our drawings are identical. I'm honestly confused and explain I don't know why. She decides I must have copied off the new girl and tells me I have to do a new scene that's different. I'm upset but don't say anything, and still to this day remember this bullshit moment from my childhood. Never liked that girl after.
Knowing someone who worked for Star Tours; it gets frustrating and old fast.
So he's the Krampus of Star Wars?
That's not something I can say is good, but in case anyone else is looking to torture themselves the full movie is [available on YouTube.](https://youtu.be/S3a5j8PgQxg)
It helps to have something else to do during the movie. To remind your self that you life has purpose.
I have to admit, after the last session I ran it would be really nice to hear this from my players right now. It's easy to think that they aren't actually enjoying themselves.
My father, a fellow Matt, would agree!
Could even just be a re-flavored head piece item of some kind that you tie around your head. Would be awesome for a monk.
&gt; Your students can't make other students do their work, so don't take it out on the ones that actually fucking work! Yeah, and their justification is that in the real world sometimes you'll have to deal with co-workers who don't do their part of the work, and college is the time to learn how to deal with that. So you might get a good grade on the part of the project that reflects your personal contribution, and then fail on the group part, resulting in a sub-par grade overall. And that's even if your professor bothers to grade that way. I watched my gf (not my gf at the time) suffer through this in a class we were both in, when two of her group members literally did no work at all and our teacher told her to suck it up.
I did this to a professor in college once. He was a funny guy with a good sense of humor. I happened to have my laptop with me that day and he walked into the room late, so before he entered I quickly went over to the laptop, plugged in my mouse's small USB, and sat down at my seat. Whole class saw it (all 9 of us) and say nothing when he comes in. He then comes in and tries to use his mouse and I just make sure to move it slightly every time, hand hidden by my backpack, so he can't click on anything. He switches to the touchpad. Same result. He's getting frustrated but not angrily so. Then he pulls out a touch pen and I learn that his laptop has a touch screen. Unfortunately the pen overrode my mouse movements at that point, but it was fun for a couple of minutes.
This is a great example of why so many people hate midichlorians, though; a basic misunderstanding of what they even are.
I am the same way, and it's amazing how much you are hated and called an asshole for it. Give me evidence for the thing you said and I will immediately say I was wrong. I do it all the time when I'm wrong. But not accepting things I don't believe at face value apparently makes me a dick.
For what it's worth, [Robot Chicken goes with "eg-ZEK-yu-ter", like an executive.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB2ekQuA1_A&amp;t=39s) Not "EG-ze-kyut-er" like someone who executes people. I always assumed it was the former as well, how Robot Chicken did it.
D:
/r/raisedbynarcissists would probably be your best bet. I assume you don't mean anything bad by "entertaining." Some parents are really fucked up like this, and it absolutely fucks you up as a person when you're growing up.
&gt; Had it been funny, no one would have cared that it was female. I don't agree with this, but I do agree with your overall point.
&gt;or go cloudy and ruin your mini Isn't that only a problem if it's cold and/or humid?
Probably the lie that Hippocampus told Diana; by molding daughters out of clay and then having Zeus give them life. It wouldn't make sense as a lie if it wasn't already a probable method of "reproduction." The problem *now* is that Zeus is dead (so we've been told), and thus he can't do that anymore. So effectively there can no longer be any Amazonians. Unless they can create them through reproduction with a man.
Doesn't excuse him for (allegedly) being dicks to kids because of it. Like shit dude, I'm sorry if this isn't the role you want to be remembered for, but these kids love you and want to tell you how much that role meant to them.
They wore simple robes, which you'd probably expect a moisture farmer on a back-world like Tatooine to wear. It's supposed to go along with the "warrior monk" idea; most Jedi don't wear exotic fabrics or vibrant colors.
Look, I think we are going to have to agree to disagree here. I don't hate the man, but his own autobiography has him saying pretty mean things to kids who dared to like a role that he himself didn't think was great. They are *kids*, man. And I understand what you mean, but I still think an actor should be gracious to all his fans; not just the ones he decided are worthy enough of it because they share his taste. Especially when the fans are kids being polite but clearly excited to meet you.
And even if someone *did* spend all day hitting stops over and over again to get themselves an above-average number of evolution items (so what; 3?) what's the problem? They are spending long amounts of time to do this, and are reaping a relatively small reward; coins don't really directly help you with PvP stuff. It's not like you are able to buy OP Pokémon or Stardust with coins.
And I'm getting a bit tired of interesting or cool concepts getting rejected all the time because "bots." Like, so what bots? They already cheat and get to do whatever they want in the game; letting them trade in a few items for more coins isn't going to change that at all.
And an angry Octillery as a neighbor? Working for a Kingler?
The League of Chrises.
&gt; (he could interrogate them all and then kill all but one as he claims to) This line annoyed me in the movie, because we *just* watched him kill the last person he knew was still alive on the ship. The only reason they went down to the brig where Henry and the old guy were is because they heard a commotion and investigated. Before that, they had no idea that there were other people on the ship, so as far as they were aware they just killed the last survivor. So it feels like a really stupid line to me.
I probably would have actually tried to schedule the trip if I weren't already going to be gone on a trip to Bermuda with the gf.
Ah gotcha; wasn't sure if there was more to it or not.
It *could* just be one.... ^technically.... ^^I ^^guess....
I was already paranoid whenever I waited for my gf while she tried stuff on in changing rooms. This basically confirms my worst fears.
Hermione is also a brilliant witch with an inventive mind. Harry isn't glaringly stupid (as much as everyone wants to pretend that he is), but he doesn't have the same academic mind that she does. He's just skilled at certain things.
It *was* his home. He constantly called it *home*. He didn't like his home, didn't like that he had to return there every summer, considered Hogwarts more of a home in its own way, but he absolutely acknowledged it was his actual residence. And that's all that mattered.
Not clear if she invented it or found it; only that she's the one who gave it to Harry.
What... what game is this? This sounds a *lot* like a concept for a JP game I have been throwing out to the Internet for years, down to the "like L4D" idea. If that's true I'm really excited; it's the kind of JP game I've been wanting.
Ya know, it's a meme and all to make fun of Rick for being a hardass and screwing people out of their money, but I never understood it. The man once had a woman ask for $100ish dollars for an item that she thought was nothing special, but Rick knew it was worth thousands to tens of thousands of dollars and offered her significantly more money for it than she wanted. He has never come across as a swindler or thief to me, and it's unreasonable for people to ask him to pay $1000 for something that itself is worth $1000. That's not how it works. He even explains why he can't offer as much as the person wants. Anyway, just my opinion on the matter. I'm sure I won't be popular after it.
You can see a frisbee in the air as the dog heads for the truck; he was chasing it.
Is canon. I saw that sex room in the Black Temple.
As far as I understand, Warrior is just a catch-all for people who are martially-inclined. Within the lore, Warriors are really just people who can swing a sword/hammer/whatever really good. Gameplay wise of course they have abilities and "powers" like everyone else, though.
Not happy about this myself. I was really excited to get the red dragon mount on my warrior, but then just found out today that since I'm protection the dragon will be purple. I am.... not a fan. Maybe they could introduce glyphs or *something* to let you pick the color you want? Or somewhere in the class hall you can swap the mount color just like we can do with our artifacts? Because my desire for this mount went from 100 to 0 in an instant.
Arcane could have gotten a tricked-out broomstick. Like, not just a regular broom, but a cool and flashy racing broom a'la Harry Potter.
More emphasis, I'd say. You're not just saying "haha" you're saying "haHAAAA!"
Want something simpler? [I swear by this recipe.](https://recipe-folder.com/recipe/58b230cf5b05f09e05000012)
I'm so mad right now.
I'm happy to see someone else using the shoulders. I have been using them and Aggramar's because those were the only two I had, and I really loved the mobility. But now I just got Prydaz and I feel like I should start using it over one of them, and I don't wanna lose the triple jumping.
I thought the timer *was* 30 seconds after the message pops up, not 1.5 minutes.
Funny; I've already caught a Charmeleon and a Quilava. And I've seen more than a few Sneasel.
That explains why the Machamp my gf and I both caught was a higher IV for me than her.
My knowledge is clearly incorrect then. That's good to know. 90 seconds is much better than 30.
Thank you! Both good movesets, too. One was FB/IB, the other was FB/HP. So I got that going for me.
To shreds, you say?
ALSO painting some Salamanders. Keep up the good work, brother.
A surprise, to be sure.
Whoreshire.
If we go "by the book", hours could seem like days?
Can you please make sure your bosses are aware how much we, the player base, appreciate having someone like you from Niantic out and talking with us? And how much happier it makes us? Where do I have to go in order to give them that feedback? It's *very* important to me that they understand how important outreach and your job is.
This seems like the best way to go about it, honestly, and makes the most sense to me.
You certain on this? The rules don't say you can only take a Neurothrope if you have 4 models, or any restriction like that at all. It just says "This unit contains 3 Zoanthropes... ...A Neurothrope may take the place of one Zoanthrope." Combine that with the fact that Neurothropes don't cost anything extra, and I'm pretty sure that any unit of Zoanthropes can just have one Neurothrope. RAW, you could take 1 Neurothrope if you needed (you're allowed to field units that have less than the needed number of models, pg 242 in the Core Rulebook, you just pay as if you had a full-sized unit).
Wait which one???
"We're all weirdos, now."
Painting some Tyranids.
KREEEEEE!
Spoofers already benefit from the Nest Atlas, and we don't remove its functionality to stop them. Spoofers gonna spoof, and while they are frustrating, I don't think we should be punishing the rest of the community by denying useful tools because the spoofers will also use them. The raid timers is one thing I agree with; we don't know how long it will take for a raid to start. The timers I've seen screenshots of have show 0:00:00, with the last two zeroes being seconds. That would be at max of 9 hours, 59 minutes, and 59 seconds (so effectively 10 hours). If raids *do* take 10 hours to proc, I think the idea of a Raid Atlas would be perfectly valuable. But I agree, if the raid times are only 1-2 hours such a concept would be less valuable (but not entirely worthless either, I think).
Further Hades (name of my fleet) had split even further into pieces, trying to take "small bites" out of more out-of-the-way planets and small targets, increasing its biomass slowly with many small tendrils, with the intent of eventually forming back up into a massive fleet and then hitting bigger targets. That was going to be the concept behind a campaign I was going to run with two friends but it never got off the ground.
Even with the shorter numbers, I think it would be infinitely easier to have the resource available on a map, rather than having to follow a Twitter or Discord or something; greater availability for people, easier to read and plan your day, etc.
My Iron Tail/Heavy Slam Steelix, possibly. She's not the highest CP, only 1800ish, but that's okay now.
If this gets functioning, could a system that allows someone to input an upcoming Raid at that gym be implemented?
I battled an Instinct gym; had a Snorlax, Lapras, Blissey, and Gyarados in that order. After winning I still didn't have a badge. Maybe you need to actually *take* a gym?
Haha, sorry about that.
I don't understand what your concern is. Of *course* you want to control a gym as long as possible. That's the whole point of the system; to control gyms. And your job as a member of Team X is to stop Team Y and Team Z from holding gyms so *your* team can hold gyms. If you can successfully keep a Pokemon in a gym for an extended period, you *should* be rewarded for it. That's literally the entire concept of the gym system; controlling gyms. It's the other teams' job to stop you from controlling those gyms. Through the system I propose, people can max out their coin production just like we used to; 100 coins a day for going out and capturing gyms. But then you are *additionally* rewarded for actually managing to *hold* those gyms. Which again; you *should* be. So make it a 100 coin limit per day for Gym Capture, and then a separate 500 coin limit per *week* for Gym Defending. So now urban players with access to lots of gyms can get a lot of coins every day by capturing those gyms (but then lose out on coins because their gyms have a high turnover), while rural players who can't get those 100 coins per day by capturing can still accrue coins over time by successfully defending (because their gyms have a lower turnover) and people get rewarded for actually holding gyms *like you are supposed to*.
I want the other two points as well so that there's incentive to actually hold a gym, rather than just dumping 20 Pokemon off and then not caring anymore if your gym is taken or not, which I think goes against the point of trying to hold gyms for your team.
Could have been made better by rephrasing it. "Our people were told that any use of technology would strip us of the power." That way it's not a lie; the narrator's people *were* told that. The audience just doesn't know that it's the *narrator* who told them, and so the twist at the end doesn't feel like a gotcha because there was never any false information.
Is that all battles, even before the gym rework?
One thing I'm a bit confused about regarding this particular objective: I rolled it today during my first game of 8th (which ended up only going 1 round; we spent most of the day assembling the Dark Imperium models and didn't have much time to play). I ended up rolling this on my first turn, and on rolling for the bonus objective I got "Behind Enemy Lines," which gives you a VP if you have a unit in the enemy deployment zone, or D3 VPs if you have 3 units in the enemy deployment zone. Here's my confusion, though. Priority Orders received states that the Warlord is the ONLY unit that can be used to achieve the bonus Tactical Objective. When it comes to Behind Enemy Lines, does this mean that the Warlord is the only unit allowed to be in the deployment zone? Say this was Turn 3 or something, and I already had a squad of tac marines in the enemy's deployment zone when I got this objective, and then moved the Warlord into the deployment zone as well. Do I fail because the Warlord is not the ONLY unit that is achieving the objective? Or can I just count the Warlord for the purposes of the objective and ignore the fact that the tac marines are there?
GF and I took a gym yesterday that was going to become a raid; same thing happened (Mystic gym, took it down, put our Pokemon in, didn't show as Valor). I restarted the game and the gym was now properly red, but she didn't restart her game and it remained blue the whole time I was raiding (she's unfortunately only lvl 24). I got 11 balls for the solo raid, and didn't pay attention to see if I got the ball bonus. I've seen people get 13+ balls so I assume that I did in-fact not get the bonus, as you didn't.
Because you still want high CP things to fight raids.
Not when the one you catch is a 100% IV monster.
&gt; When they finally made up their mind they were desperate to get things done on the original schedule despite having wasted 3 months. I'd bet I'm not even close to being in the same field as you, but I experience exactly this as well. And to make matters worse now it's my team that has to shoulder all the extra work, come in extra hours, work weekends, just to make sure we hit the original deadline because the people who had control of the project before us were so far behind. I'm tired of making up for everyone else's fuck ups.
There's a fantastic point to split the series. Right in the middle. [When L dies.](#spoiler)
To be fair, the guy whose arm comes in at the end to the left of the frame is the one bending that particular rock. Though that just makes me wonder what the GROUP was even doing. Also there's an important logic to imprisoning a group of people who can move rocks with their minds OUT AT SEA where there are NO ROCKS. And yet here that's apparently not even considered. And the stupid way that they even bend; twenty different katas just to move a stone. "Aang" needs to move around like he's choreographic an interpretive dance just to make a gust of wind. The elegance of the martial arts used for bending in the real show it entirely lost. Really I just want to make sure you know I'm not trying to defend the movie.
Perhaps the passengers side of his best friend's ride?
