This is what I came here to post - glad someone beat me to it. Keyflower plays 2-6 and scales very, very well. It's that rare game where you don't feel like you're missing out by playing 2-player, and doesn't suffer from issues with downtime or clutter when playing with up to 6 players.
Children and grandchildren. Unless they never played games with me in my life. In that case, they get nothing.
But only if it matters. Since dominance only matters if a tile is being scored for dominance, for most of the game you can ignore counting up. Just do a quick count on tiles you think you may have dominance on, and swap cones as needed. Outside of that, it's either looking at direct cube comparisons (don't really need to "count" to see that five cubes is greater than two cubes), or counting cubes on Tundra.
&gt; Oh and the counting... the endless counting to see who is dominant on every hex. Which is not necessary. Knowing which species has dominance is only of concern for when the tile is being scored for Dominance. And even then, dominance cones *only* change when species or elements change. At most, you're double checking a tile or two after the adaptation/regression/abundance series of actions is completed. And you can even ignore it then, just doing a quick check when it comes do choosing a dominance tile.
&gt; The end game scoring is a bit long to calculate and it can also totally swing the game. I'm not really sure what it adds and could probably be happy not doing it at all. The question raised in your second sentence is answered in your first: end game scoring can make a big change in determining the winner. It creates a change between the early/mid game and the late game. Early/Mid game incentivizes keeping your populations on high-point tiles: Oceans and Wetlands. But the end game scoring incentivizes spreading your populations to other regions, including those low-scoring areas such as Mountains and Deserts. As for time consuming, the way I do it is one person goes tile by tile, treating them as columns and rows in a spreadsheet. "9 Points to Birds, 7 Points to Insects" and then clearing those cubes off the tile and moving to the next tile. Another player actually moves the scoring piece around the board. Whole process is less than 5 minutes, and has the benefit of also clearing the board so you're all packed up. &gt; 1) Dominance vs Domination These are the same. The dominant species is the one who choses the domination card. Species count only determines scoring on the tile. I do, personally, use *supremacy* to refer to who has the most cubes on a given tile. E.G. "Reptiles have dominance on the ocean; supremacy order is Mammals, Insects, Reptiles". And you don't always need to recalculate dominance. Just recalculate when you feel like it, or when a tile is chosen for the dominance action. If you're never going to dominance score a little desert tile, you don't need to count for dominance.
Upvote for WA Frost. Nothing makes you feel fancy like sitting in a euro-style garden patio sipping some cool cocktails and tasty sandwiches.
If you can forgo the cocktails and settle on beer/cider/wine, Sea Salt is at Minnehaha Falls and you can sit out on their patio drinking beer and listen to the rush of the falls while eating oysters.
Born in 1978, and I'm GenX, because that's the generation that I grew up with. And it's mostly from the pop culture I consumed. When your teenage years are spent listening to Jane's Addiction and thinking *Clerks* is the funniest movie ever, that's following the Gen X way. Maybe if I'd kept listening to Top40 radio and blockbuster movies through college, and only then started tuning into "alternative" culture, I'd be Gen Y/Millennial. But as it is, I'm solidly Gen X. My wife was born after me and is definitely Gen Y -- and it shows in how we interact/react with the world. In how we view politics, community, humor, the point of satire and parody, etc.
I don't listen to my music albums. I have incredibly sensitive fingertips, so I run them over the grooves and interpret the music in my head.
You'd taste nothing but bitterness. The elements of the grounds are extracted roughly in this order: * Caffeine * Flavor/Aromatic oils * Bittering agents The first brew is going to get the caffeine and flavor oils and some of the bittering agents. Any subsequent brews are just going to extract more bittering agents, leaving you with flavorless, bitter coffee with very little caffeine content. You can see this by making "cowboy coffee". Set a pot of water to boil. Dump in some coffee grounds, and taste the coffee after 5 seconds, 30 seconds, 1 minute, 5 minutes, 10 minutes. Your first taste will taste like dirty water. Later tastes will taste like how you think of as coffee - oily mouthfeel with some bitterness. The longer you let the coffee sit there boiling, the more it'll just taste of bitterness.
Never did find out. It was a small enough town that I *should* have seen "Phil" at some point in the next few months I lived there, but never did. Didn't hear any news. Maybe he lived, maybe he died? Maybe he woke up with insomnia and now lives as a street preacher.
If your answer is not Eddie Hazel's guitar solo *Maggot Brain*, you need to revise your answer.
Semen starts stinking really fast if you leave it in the open like that.
Now that's a legacy game.
Basically everything. Things that were common in 1715 are very rare now, and things that were quite rare in 1715 (e.g. "books") are common now. Times change. Times have changed very rapidly since the 19th century.
Don't oversalt/overseason. You can always add more seasoning, but once it's in the food, it's difficult or impossible to correct. Don't try to work too fast. If you can only handle 3 items on a grill/sauté station, don't try to do 5. You will fuck up and send out bad food. Do learn by experience. There are a load of cookbooks that get into basic food science - learning why fat and flour do what they do, how emulsions make dressings work, what browning your meat does, how high heat cooking and low heat cooking work, etc. Knowing why things do what they do allow you to build your own recipes, much better than just following a recipe without knowing why id tastes/looks the way it does.
**High School Brother** * Football captain on a state-champion team * Top of the class GPA * Prom court So, basically, athletic, popular and smart. Since then he's been living in a tiny town, selling used cars, bankruptcy, child support to multiple families. He's happy, which is great. But peaked in high school? Definitely.
Do I need to bring my own towel to sit on, or will Delta be providing me with a seat towel that will be burned before the next person to use my seat needs to sit down?
Pray for honey mustard.
I go for full on browning of onions, for some really intense, sweet flavors. Then, if I have some serious simmer time available, I'll take a whole onion, stab it a few times with a fork, and let it hang out to impart that raw onion stank.
Toilets vs. Us. *Stop shitting on me!* THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE THERE FOR!
I've been doing it all wrong my entire adult life.
I bathe with the soap. Then I fashion a codpiece out of the boot leather and walk with my goat into the nearest town. I sell the goat and buy a flight home. Bonus: going through security and customs with no luggage and wearing only a codpiece will be a breeze. (though lack of passport is going to be an issue).
Nothing beats a good steak tartare
Experience teaches us so much.
Obviously the best way is to start telling everyone else that you're already dating/going steady/engaged. Make sure any mutual friends understand that the two of you are seriously in love and inseparable. Then start sending flowers to her at work. Show up at her birthday party with a Mariachi band. When you get sent to jail or the mental hospital, tell your doctors and fellow patients/inmates that she's your fiancé and you can't wait until you get out so you can have the wedding of your dreams. On visiting days, refuse to let anyone else see you, since you're expecting her to visit you. Works like a charm.
Thank god. If I see one more condo being built, I might have to change my occupation to arsonist.
* Cut off a pinkie finger of a few brave volunteers and make a set of dice. OK, folks, we're playing D&amp;D.
I agree. The ending felt like the author just got tired of writing and realized that if she kept up the same normal pace, the book would end up at like 1500 pages. So instead she just made everything get settled up by Boris telling us what happened. On top of that, I found no love for the protagonist. But it was nicely written, at least.
AD is the master of callback humor. So many of the jokes are references to previous jokes, possibly jokes that were made multiple episodes ago. Since your standard sitcom is based on basic setup-punchline jokes, AD seems very "weird" to most people. It's like joining a work group where everyone has worked together for years and have a huge catalog of inside jokes, which they think are **hilarious** -- since you don't have the context, you don't get it.
Nothing will top King of the Hill. Silicon Valley is a close second, however. Having Kid Rock in episode one was golden.
Listen to and read as many stories as possible. And then, make up stories. At the most basic, a story is: * Setting: The Who/where/when of the story. * Motive: The What of the story. What do the Whos want? * WHY? Why do they want it, and why can't they have it? From there, it's about creating an arc, as others have already noted. Set up your characters and setting, what they want, have them struggle to get it, then they finally get it and "grow" somehow. If you're having trouble with creating a story out of nowhere, dig into your past. You've lived a life. Did you ever lose something as a kid? Maybe the story of how you met your wife/husband? Did you ever deal with a bully at school?
At that point, it becomes a "second annual". If I'm having a bake sale that I plan on doing annually, the bake sale I have this weekend is my *Inaugural* Bake Sale. If I do it next year in early June, it's my *Second Annual* Bake Sale. There is never a *First Annual* Bake Sale. It's sort of like getting married. If it's your first marriage, you don't actually call it a first marriage. *This is my first wife, Anna* FUCK YOU, I'M YOUR ONLY WIFE. *But honey, we might divorce and I can remarry.* That's a fun conversation.
Fucking meta, man. Which came first, Fargo the movie, or the theory that Fargo is based on a true story, or the true story that Fargo is based on?
Love the movie, but the book did a much better job of showing the ambiguousness of whether McCandless was an idiot or a hero or something in between. But I'd definitely read or watch, any day of the week.
Clean your room. If you need to perfume your room, that means you got some rotten stank somewhere.
No hooks in the pilot.
Just about any worker placement game will have you setting Terra Mystica aside forever. What part(s) of TM do you and your group like the most? * If it's the "area of control" aspect, **Dominant Species** has actual area of control rather than TM's *I claimed it and now it's mine forever* mechanic. * If it's the "engine building", anything on the economic side will get you running. **Agricola** is a popular worker placement game with your own little economic engine. Or you could get into something like **Automobiles**. * If it's the Fantasy characters, **Smallworld** ... though Smallworld is *super* light.
Too much going on to have sat down for a real game, but after the other week being stuck at game 3 of an **Agricola** solo series, last week I ended my series after completing game 11. Going to try with the "K" deck this week. * I have a *Stocks &amp; Bonds* game from the early-'60s that I bought at a garage sale ~4 years ago; still hasn't been played. Don't know if it ever will. I bought it for the cover art.
**Oryx and Crake, by Margaret Atwood** On Saturday I finally finished **The Pale King, by David Foster Wallace.** That wasn't a *bad* book, but it certainly felt like I was reading the salvaged pieces of an author's unfinished work. There'd be parts I was laughing to myself about, long segments I loved, but overall I found it frustrating. So on the way home I stopped by the bookstore looking for a palate cleanser. Originally, I was going to get something lighter, easy to read. Maybe a YA fiction or coming of age story. But nothing caught my eye, and I've had the MaddAddam trilogy on my mind since the final book came out a couple years ago. Started reading late of Saturday night and didn't put it away until the wee hours of the morning, having read the first half in one sitting. Terrifying and satisfying.
Obviously, "See you next year, have a great summer." If I could do high school over again, I'd take the $100 I spent on four years of yearbooks and instead buy like, some concert tickets. Twenty year reunion is next year and I've never looked at my yearbooks in the past twenty years.
When I was 19 I went to a dermatologist to check on some skin discolorations that I thought might be tumors/skin cancer. They biopsied and turned out it was a "tattoo". Apparently, asphalt getting embedded in your skin shows up in a biopsy as a tattoo -- I'd been hit by a car the previous year, and when my head hit the pavement, bits of asphalt dug into my noggin.
It's a book that keeps on giving. Enjoy the ride!
&gt; Scoring is another thing I've seen people complain about and I just don't understand it. This, I think, is people overcomplicating things, and happens to many games. It's as if looking at a set of five numbers is somehow "difficult". *Who's got the most apples?* I got 7. *OK, 15 points for Bob, who's got the second most?* Similar to the complaints I see about Dominant Species and "Dominance" taking "too much time". Yes, if after every action you go tile by tile to verify that the correct cone is on each tile, Dominance can be time consuming. But you don't need to, and there's no benefit to that. Just as you "could" choose to play a game of Chess where after every move you pause and ensure that there is no Check or Checkmate game condition, but that's not a need in the game.
&gt; I think most of my group hates Agricola. They describe the game as ... kind of stressful That what separates a fan of Agricola from someone who hates Agricola. Very few other games, even if they use the same WP mechanic, have that sense of *failure* that you can get from Agricola. Need six food but only have five? FAILURE! Want to upgrade that house of yours to Stone and need five stone but no matter what you do you can only get four stone? FAILURE! Other games tend to have a "well, you can't do you Plan A, so here's Plan B and Plan C, which would you like?", but Agricola just says "You can't have plan A, so suck it! Take plan K instead!" And that's why I like it.
I don't think the two trends are related any more than you could say Yoga and Bacon, which are both trending upwards are related. But of course I like beer with my games. I like beer anyways. Though beer with games is why I cannot teach more than two games in a gaming night ... by the time a third game would hit the table, my mental state is no where in training mode!
Well, yes. Would you have this conversation if, say, there was a game set in the antebellum South and the characters in the game included a Mammy and a Sambo caricature? Camel Up! uses Arab/Semetic caricature for some of the gambler characters in the game. That doesn't mean the *game* is racist. The game itself is blank. Without the faces, there's nothing racist going on.
**Agricola** ... I wish there were variable number of Major Improvements depending on how many players are in the game. In a two-player game, both players can end up with a fireplace/hearth and one of the ovens. But once you have a 5 player game, woe be to the player who starts building a good grain-to-bread food engine, only to see both ovens snatched up by other players.
Join the military as a grenadier. I am a bunker buster.
If they haven't yet arrived, could you please give me your address so I can intercept them?
I thought this was about "Heavy Cardboard" and was going to be bummed out. I love HC's review style - breaking it down to its parts and making comments on each. That way, if bad art is the only downfall, I can shuffle that away in my head and think, *I can overlook bad art if the mechanics are solid*. Congrats on 9 episodes though.
I love the "folk games" segment in SU&amp;SD podcast. Not reviewing a game, and it's not really news because it's not a game that a publisher is about to release, but sort of weird local culture stories on games.
Living in the northern Midwest, I'd never known that RWD was a "thing" until I moved to the coast. I tell you, the first time you try driving a RWD car after a blizzard is fucking terrifying.
You mean Olive Garden? Oh shit. Same thing, different cuisine.
No dialog. They'd just sit around staring at their phones, and everyone once in a while someone would say *OMG, you have to see this* and then show some Buzzfeed listicle to everyone else.
You're not familiar with me. I've been a transportation activist/bicycle advocate and bicycle commuter since the '90s. I've never owned a car. I've used my bicycle as my primary means of transportation for work, shopping, moving, camping, visiting friends. Safe bicycling means being on the road, visible, and predictable. That means don't dart in and out of lanes. Use lights if it's not full daylight. Claim a full fucking lane if you need to to have safe road access.
Definitely vote for Whithead's book. I have zero interest in playing poker, can't stand it when the "World Series of Poker" is running on a TV in a bar ... but that book is sweet.
I did like OITNB. But after the first season, it began to suffer from Jenji Kohan's imagination. Just like what happened with Weeds after the first few seasons, the show went off the rails. I think it's great to explore, but keep it grounded in reality, and I'll be happier.
Electric Hand Dryers. I really don't need to be told to press the button and then hold my hands in the warm air. It's a button. You press buttons. That's what you do. And then when I see warm air coming out of that nozzle, I'm gonna put my hands there.
Jacking Off, a multi-camera, live audience sitcom about Jack, a lazy jackhammer operator for the city of Hoboken.
Just don't leave any stains, and if you use lube make sure your hand is lube free.
"It's like solving a puzzle, and most of the time you're competing against other people solving the puzzle."
I can't think of 10 games that I play regularly, so I'll start listing games in order of favorite. * **Dominant Species**. God I love this game. Complex. Just enough randomness, with ability to mitigate the effects of the random nature. Highly competitive. * **Agricola**. Beautifully designed engine builder that pushes me to get just a little better each time I play. * **Carcassonne**. Perfect for when I want something light enough to pass the time without making my head go into spasms. * **Hive**. What's not to love about a bag of nice tiles that I can play a quick abstract 2-player game with? * **Twilight Struggle**. I love the Cold War, so being able to replay alternative versions of the Cold War makes me so happy. * **Keyflower**. Brilliant. Just bloody brilliant. * **Race for the Galaxy**. Still having a love/hate with this game. On one hand, I love the simultaneous actions - the deduction aspect of trying to decide what action your opponents are going to play. That *Oh man, I really want to Settle, but being able to produce too would be great ... is Sam going to Settle too? I mean, she's got a full hand right now and she'd only be able to produce on one world ... but maybe she's got a sweet Development card? Ughhh* feeling is amazing. On the other hand, the random nature bugs me -- get unlucky and end up drawing nothing but Blue production worlds and your only consume powers are for Brown and Green worlds, well, guess you're stuck producing/trading hoping to get some better cards, while you watch your opponents dropping down perfect little civilizations. * **Pandemic**. Doesn't get much play lately, but it's so fun. That gasp of breath when you're on the brink of an outbreak and you just *know* that you're due for an epidemic ... oh, too good.
I'll never understand the love for Terra Mystica. It presents itself as an area of control game with interesting decisions to be made. * *But it's not area of control.* Once a territory has my dwelling on it, it's mine. You can't build over it. In fact, building near me probably means you're going to give me power. And since you can build dwellings as part of the terraforming action, there are very few situations where you might terraform without building a dwelling (e.g. terraforming a hex adjacent to you and an opponent to be closer to your land type, further from theirs). * *The decisions are not interesting*. Each race has a playstyle. Deviate from that playstyle and you're playing wrong. Not that different than Smallworld - if you're playing Smallworld and you're not putting Hobbits on plains, you're just gimping yourself. But at least Smallworld is over and done in less than an hour.
Got it. So ... even less engaging than Catan, minus dice rolling. Yes, I'm simplifying it. But when your point is just a mechanic description, that's simplifying as well. It's like saying "I don't like Keyflower because the auction mechanic is not well executed" and having the response be "Well, it's not an auction mechanic, it's a bidding mechanic, so your argument is invalid".
Washing my scrotum with Dr. Bronner's peppermint soap. It's like a spritz of Icy-Hot.
That's my complaint with the DoW rulebook. It's so segmented that to know how a mechanic works, you really need to know what section and subsection that mechanic is in, and it's probably not in the one that you'd think it would be in.
Nothing quite like the dagger eyes your loved one can give you when you *know* they really need to move goods, and you *know* they have no spare yellow meeples, and you drop a yellow meeple on their home/transport tile.
Games from your list I'm familiar with: * **Dominion.** Rule wise, super easy. Draw 5 cards. On your turn, you got an action and a buy, plus any additional actions/buys provided by cards you play. Whoever has the most VP at the end wins. The devil is in learning to build your deck in a sensible way as you go along. * **Suburbia**. Another rule simple game. On your turn, buy a tile, place a tile, and then adjust your income/reputation/population/assets as noted. Obtain your income, increase/decrease your population, turn is over. Devil is in figuring out how to balance your income/reputation to win. * **Castles of Burgundy**. Figuring out how the tiles work together is the hardest part. But relatively simple. Roll two dice, use the dice to obtain tiles, place tiles or sell goods. The rule book is something of a mess - gets more detailed than it needs to be. * **Alhambra**. Because of the choices, this one is a touch more difficult, but still learnable in 10 minutes. On your turn, draw money, buy a tile, place a tile from reserve, or swap two tiles' locations. The first two actions are easy to understand, but figuring out how to effectively use the reserve pile and tile swapping is somewhat maddening. Of the above, I could teach you any in 10 minutes or less. You'll understand how the game works, but not how to play well. (Sort of like teaching someone how chess "works" is super easy - just explain the movement patterns of each piece and what check/checkmate means - but teaching someone how to be a good chess player is not easy at all.)
Even though I know **Agricola** inside and out, teaching it makes my brain hurt. *So you're developing a farm for your family. You'll get resources like wood, clay, reed, stone, as well as grains and vegetables, sheep, boar and cows. You can plant grains and vegetables, but only on a plowed field. And you can keep an animal in your home, or in a stable, or a pasture, or a stabled pastures. And you need to feed your family - you get food by doing these actions, or by baking bread, or roasting animals, those two need ovens or fireplaces, but you can't roast animals in ovens. And you can only bake bread with this action spot, or with a card that gives you an ability ....* As a system, it makes perfect sense, but it's a difficult game to break into constituent parts. * What is wood for? Well, for extending wood homes, but once you upgrade to clay, you can't use wood to build rooms, unless allowed by a card. And fences or stables, and you use the build room space to build stables. Oh, and some improvements. * Clay? See wood. * Stone? See clay. * What's reed for? Building rooms, upgrading, and some improvements, oh, and that major improvement that turns reed into food.
I can only think of a couple abandoned books ... **Joseph Conrad, The Secret Agent**. Started this one in 5th grade. Still have the bookmark where I left off. **Marlon James, The Book of Night Women**. Wish I could get through the patois that so much of the book is written in. Outside of that, maybe a couple short story or essay collections that I leave to come back and read another short story from later on.
Vanilla Ice was transracial first.
&gt; Not everyone needs to watch a SUSD or Tom Vasel style review. I'd be happy never watching a Tom Vasel review. I'm sure he's a swell person, I just can't watch him for more than a minute. Now, SU&amp;SD? That's a different story. I'd watch them review anything. If they got into movie reviews, I'd watch those. Heck, if they started reviewing coffee makers on Amazon, I'd watch that.
Quite easy. If you leave the "advanced goods" out of the game, even easier. 1. You're a merchant. You want to get a lot of goods to the market. 2. But contraband is worth big points. 3. And even if you're playing legit, you might not have lots of bread to move, and you can't "legally" move more than one type of good. 4. So you might need to lie. Convincingly. 5. And twice a game, you get to be a Sheriff, who gets points for sussing out the liars. There's the basis. From there, its' discarding/drawing rules and how points are made.
What is a game if not competitive? A non-competitive game is simply "play". Not that *play* is in and of itself bad. Play is good. But play is not the same as a game. The distinction is what makes a LARP different from watching 5-year-olds playing pretend. In a LARP, there are established rules that govern play, even if the competition element is loose or non-existent -- if you're a spell caster, you don't suddenly say I HAVE A BROADSWORD NOW AND I CUT YOU IN HALF. But 5-year-olds playing pretend can do that -- at one point you're a cop, then you're a robber, now we're all dinosaurs, but you're an astronaut and we're chasing after you and the floor is lava except where I'm standing. Fluxx is this thing that tries to go both ways. There are rules, which are temporary and arbitrary. And a win condition. So it's almost a game, and almost play. It's not fully play, because whatever cards are down establish rules. But it's not fully a game, because whatever rules you were playing with when it was your turn might be entirely discarded.
If Teddy didn't have at least one tattoo, I'd be shocked.
Trunk that won't open. You know it'll end up being a dead body, or full of smuggled guns/drugs. Seller accepting any offer, as long as it's cash in low bills, as long as you can get it off their property, like, now.
I would have worn a sweater that didn't have a huge rip in the armpit. But yes, I would have still met her.
Keyflower is almost as punishing as Agricola. No, you're not pulling Beggar Cards when you mess up, but it's a terrible feeling to look at your beautiful little town with a ton of ore sitting two hexes away from the tile you need to move the ore onto to get 3 points per ore ... and realizing that you only have the meeples to get two of them there and the rest of that ore was produced for *nothing*.
Met a girl I'll call Janis at a coffee shop. Asked her out, made plans for later that week. She said she'd pick me up. So she shows up. Her friend Ellen is in the back seat. She explains that she has to drop Ellen off at a "meeting". As we get closer to the place where the meeting is, she says "I hope you don't mind, but I have to drop in and check in with my sponsor." As we get even closer, "Oh, the meeting is a closed AA meeting, we can go out after. You'll have to pretend to be in AA." So I sit through an AA meeting. I share my story. *Hi, I'm automator3000 and I'm an alcoholic*. Made up some rock bottom story for the group, kept it short. After the meeting I'm ready for my date. Janis says her sponsor wasn't there, so she has to drive over there. Oh, and her sponsor doesn't think she's ready to date yet, so she needs to go there alone. So now I'm stranded at an AA meeting. All the other recovering alcoholics leave, the meeting house gets locked up. I walk the 5 miles home. Never see Janis or Ellen again. What a weird night. At least I got a ton of free coffee.
Y2K hysteria didn't have much of a foothold in the '80s. Computers weren't commonplace in homes, and even most businesses didn't use a computer system. Really caught fire in the later years of the '90s when everything seemed connected by computers and the idea of a little bug in how dates are calculated would fry the world seemed real.
My roommate during my freshman year at university was very unhappy when he walked in on me and the girl he had fancied his girlfriend having some sex. The rest of the school year was full of tension.
... as she masturbated furiously.
Here's a balloon of nitrous. Enjoy.
&gt; Do not buy a card if it does not fit Or if it's something that you'll only use once, but stays in your deck.
&gt; A suspicious number of girls become aware of Hogwarts' secret passages. I think you meant *Harry's* secret passages.
Yes. The HP series already obsesses enough about wand length, wood and core (without actually talking about *why* these details matter), that this could be multiple chapters.
I do love the player boards for **BrewCrafters** (though I wish they didn't warp so badly).
Figure out a way to change back. Her job requires way too much patience with people. I can tell people to bugger off.
That's great and all, but I don't want to live in a world where a serving of butter is only a teaspoon. A serving is closer to a stick of butter.
The Kinks had some great records.
ON YOUR LEFT. This is such a bullshit convention. I'm riding in a straight line. You can see that. I'm going to keep going in a straight line. I can hear your chain and derailleur. You can pass me without bothering me. So don't shout "On your left." We don't expect cars to give a courtesy honk when passing, so why bikes?
OK, so June 19 1995 was a Monday. Probably working at the Circuit City I was employed at. Tearing price tags for the new releases, likely, or setting up a standee for some new on VHS/DVD.
Mother, Grandmother, Sister?
You mean my conjoined triplet daughters?
And "ON YOUR LEFT" isn't startling? A bike passing is a bike passing. It's what I'm doing. I'm not shouting. But by shouting "on your left" you are shouting, which is startling. Just pass me. It's not that hard. Now, if I'm swerving left and right, or riding side-by-side with someone, sure, a little "on your left" lets me know to move off to the side because someone is passing.
Three years or so into gaming as a hobby, and wife still swears by Carcassonne as her #1 favorite of all the games we own. I'll play it just about any day. Virtually no set up, play doesn't drag, doesn't lend itself to too much AP, has enough thoughtful choices that I feel engaged, but not so much thinking that I feel like I can't be having a conversation or prepping dinner while we play. And it's portable-ish ... when we travel or go camping, we'll throw the tiles and some meeples into a big zip-loc baggie and score manually (or with a phone app).
Since I'm not a Kindle/Audible user (though I was gifted a Kindle this weekend, so maybe I will be), the analogy I have is music. I primarily listen to music through Spotify. But I still buy physical records. I guess mostly for the artifact, and for my future children to discover. I want my kids to be able to flip through my albums on a rainy Saturday afternoon and say "What's Sleater-Kinney" and play it and either love it or hate it. Same goes for books. I want my future children to be able to look at a bookshelf when they want something to read and pull down a copy of The Poisonwood Bible because the spine attracted their eye.
Liquor.
Don't the experts say that like 99% of arguments in marriage are about money? Was probably about how much to tip the delivery boy. Wife: Honey, you should have tipped at least 15% Husband: That's crazy - I'll tip 15% to a server, but not someone who's just delivering the pizza. Wife: Why not? Husband: Because the delivery boy isn't coming by and refilling my soda or asking how I like the pizza, they just hand it over and they're gone! Wife: You're so cheap. Husband: I'm cheap? I'M CHEAP? I wouldn't have to be so cheap if you wouldn't spend all our money on shoes! Wife: I haven't bought shoes since May! Husband: OOOOOHHH, you've lasted a whole TWO FUCKING WEEKS!
Should've had your mom buy your sister a razor.
Ice Cream. Would melt every damn time.
Short version? More people want to live in/near NYC than want to live in Texas.
Still wouldn't be *better* than fresh. I might be really good at masturbation, but it's not *better* than sex.
Unless you're an artist, in which case I'd darn well better notice that you've done something.
After a crap day of working, this is exactly the giggle I needed to get back to work.
Dominos Pizza. Boss: *Thanks for your hard work. I brought in Pizza* Everybody: **YAEAH! WE LOVEE PIZZZAA!** Me: *Ugh, Dominos*
I can sometimes consider **Race for the Galaxy** to be "filler". From set up to tear down, it's about 30 minutes, but those 30 minutes are filled with "OMG, what do I do now" decisions.
Or Forbidden Island; similar mechanics, but significantly easier to learn/play.
In any case, I would sign up for this class. Good luck! The only "evolution" that I can think of off the top of my head would be a comparison of **Dominion** to **Artic Scavengers**. While both are deck builders with the same base mechanics, the game that comes out of them are very much different.
Most of them, really. I don't do open gaming or meetup groups or anything like that. This means gaming is only friends, and that means dealing with schedules. If I'm open for games, that doesn't mean friends are open for games. Or if we're both open, maybe friends would rather go bowling or to the beach. TL;DR: busy lives and not playing with strangers means not playing often. But I'm in no rush to get rid of them. I have bookshelves **full** of books that I might never re-read, but I'm not giving them away. I'm not living in a tiny studio apartment, so having a shelf of rarely played games isn't a problem.
&gt; I own an expansion for the Star Wars card game and I don't have the base set. Because it was on clearance at B&amp;N... sigh. OK, that is a sign of compulsive buying that gave me my morning giggle.
That's a lovely feeling. A couple weekends ago, I'd bought **Oryx and Crake** on the way home. My wife went out for the night, so I started reading. She got home at around 2 a.m. and that's when I realized I'd been reading non-stop for nearly six hours.
My SO won't play TS because "It's like the SAT math section".
I have too many game friends like you. Which is too bad, because in my ranking of favorite genres, Worker Placement is #1, everything else is **way** behind.
She did give it two tries, to her credit, and it's only one of two games that we own that she won't play. (Actually it's the only one - she used to refuse to play Race for the Galaxy, but in the past couple months we've played a few times.)
Good job on a year. Though I'm kinda freaked that I'm listening to a grandfather. In my mind, y'all were younger than I am.
&gt; The game allows everyone to negotiate naturally. There are not a lot of rules getting in the way of gameplay. This is my favorite things with SoN. There are no artificial feeling restrictions. The negotiation turns into a conversation - you tell me you're going to open my bag, I offer a bribe, you ask again what I have, I tell you something, you press me on why I'm bringing more apples when I already have a lot of apples, I explain that I'm afraid of losing my monopoly, you beg for a higher bribe ... oh I love it.
Lunch break. I go sit in a park and read for an hour. No one bothers me.
Not nearly as much as mandatory cannibalism.
I recommend them all.
Dairy/Egg OK? Pizza. Or if you've got some skills, lasagna, eggplant parmesan. Really, any pasta dish. Stir fry or curry. Homemade veggie burgers. Chili with no meat, or sub in some tempeh.
A chain store in a shopping mall never has, and never will have "edge".
Came here to say Saints. Get it on.
Part of me really wants to go to a park one day and see a bunch of 20something dude bros playing beer pong and screaming *SHOTS!* in the middle of the afternoon, and then after grilling is done some strippers show up.
My first two jobs (20+ years ago) were at companies that are out of business, so I can't support them any more.
Yes. Sometimes you want to see a stripper in full sunlight ... or do you?
Started on **The Lacuna, by Barbara Kingsolver**. Only 30ish pages in. Like other Kingsolvers I've read, it takes me a while to get into the book, at which point I'm 100% into it.
Hmmm ... better than Bone Clocks? Guess I should check this out. Burned through that one while on vacation last fall. (Though nothing will ever beat Cloud Atlas).
Man oh man, I loved that book. Especially when she's describing momma bigtree's big spectacle. It was so real sounding.
If I get a new game, I unbox, and read the rules. I don't "play through", but I do make sure that I know which bits are which, which cards are which, what different areas of the board me, etc. So it's almost like playing, but without the playing. And then I explain the best I can? If I'm planning on doing a game night with a specific game that some players haven't played, I will recommend some play through videos, and *hopefully*, everyone coming over will watch before showing up.
Be as lazy as you can be. Get some "salad mix", put some dressing on it. You're done. Slightly less lazy: pasta with some kind of sauce. Boil pasta. Heat sauce from a jar. Are you feeling extra fancy? Heat some frozen meatballs, sausage, or chicken (or chicken substitute) strips and add to the sauce. Easy, but more time consuming. Roast something. Get yourself a chicken or a roast or something. Heat up the oven. Get some oil or butter or whatnot all over the thing you're gonna roast. Then put salt and pepper all over it. Get it hot in the oven until it's done. Take it out and eat it. More adventurous? Stir fry. Make some rice. Get a pan, get it hot. Put in some oil, then some stuff. Bok Choy, onions, garlic, red peppers, tofu, chicken, pork, beef, baby fingers, bung, shrimp, baby corn, whatever. Then dump some premade/bottled sauce in there, or make some with a little soy sauce, rice vinegar, a little corn starch and whatever. Serve on rice.
Upvoting/downvoting would no longer matter. Your "Reddit Feed" would be seemingly arbitrary, based on a secret algorithm of what you have viewed and upvoted or posted to in the past.
You'd think I would be, right? But not at all - it's the lawyer in me.
Let the learning roll over you. My first weeks of owning this game is start a run, die within three days, start over, die in a day, on repeat. Then that turned into surviving five days before dying, and then 10 days. Finally I hit a stride - I could reliably start a game and survive at least 30 days, only then dying because I'd done something truly foolish (note: deciding to explore an area an hour before dusk just because you're "bored" will lead to death).
Easy mistake to make - sure you're tired, cold, hungry and dehydrated ... but you wouldn't want to leave all that venison just sitting there. There are starving kids in China who would *love* to have that much venison.
This is how I feel; at game beginning, Stalker is annoyingly difficult to me, but once the first ten days or so are taken care of, you probably have a bow and a couple arrows, knife and hatchet. With that, you just need to not get ballsy and go out venturing when it's not needed.
In a world where I have to cull my collection to 10 games ... * Carcassonne * Agricola * Dominant Species * Hive * Twilight Struggle * Dead of Winter * Castles of Burgundy * Anomia * Keyflower * Suburbia This way I have a spread from easy party games to thinky group games.
I think we should play a game of **Concept** to deduce the name of the game.
I find it depends on the building. Buildings with plenty of Windows: easy to see. Buildings with few Windows: hard to see. It's close to realistic. Think of your own home - you probably have lights on even if the sun hasn't set. (This is especially true in the far north, where TLD takes place - only at the brightest times of the day can I leave lights off.)
With individual objectives, DoW avoids the quarterbacking that can happen in co-ops. Sure, you can tell me all you want that I should send one of my characters to the gas station or build a blockade at the colony, but if my goal means I should be searching the police station, I'm going to the police station. Maybe you'll think I'm a betrayer??
Besides doing it yourself? I'm sure there's someone who's done this.
"Need something spoiled" Right there in the title, so yes you definitely misread that by reading "spoiler free" when the word free was nowhere to be found.
A good anecdote. Preferably funny. Maybe something funny that happened at work.
Booze.
It's a cultural touchstone. No, there are probably not a lot of people who watch Zulu for the first time any more, but it's been floating around for long enough that our cultures idea of what a sub Saharan nation is.
Where are the wolves? Didn't know it was possible to move anywhere in CH without running into wolves.
Tie: 1. Seeing that you're reading the newspaper and decide that they *must* immediately sit on the newspaper. 2. Something is sitting on a table. Their mind registers that their singular goal in life is to now knock it on the ground.
Well, you can stab the wolf ... just not before it lunges at you. I've had games where I'm having crap luck at finding ranged weapons and turn to antagonizing wolves, stabbing them, then following their blood trail until they collapse. Maybe other weapons, found or crafted will work their way into the game. But too many just leads to bloat - do you really want to play if you need a bow, crossbow, multiple size snares, various guns with different ammo, different arrows with different flight characteristics, etc etc?
I think mods need to get back on the "Share your weekly playthrough" post.
No biggie - the playthrough posts are there so this sub doesn't become a flood of everyone's play stories. Since the influx of players with the recent sale, it's been a little out of hand.
Ok, now I need to see if my old MoO2 disc is still somewhere. Lost countless hours to massive games of this in college.
The **Seg-Way** was supposed to revolutionize urban transport. Downtowns were supposed to end up basically free of cars and instead everyone would move around safely on seg-way. Instead, they exist for mall security.
My wife insists that I remove dust jackets when reading the book, so the jacket doesn't get dirty/ripped/etc. I leave it on - I'd rather any mess would get on a dust jacket rather than on the actual book cover. And in a pinch, dust jacket can be used to mark a page.
Alphabetical by Author and then in order of publishing (by original publishing date) is my way.
I would love some government to take that correlation and read it as causation and then make lottery tickets come stamped with a huge warning **Lottery Tickets are known to the state of California to increase your risk of Drug Overdose and Suicide**.
I suggest getting a fever of 100+F and watching the entire series in one sitting while drinking whiskey - it becomes amazing.
Learn how to siphon gas. Panhandle. Don't buy bottled water. Just have something you can fill up at a drinking fountain.
She takes it off, but next chance I have I put it back on
That's the likely end - I'll probably keep this game open and when I want a few mindless moments sleep and drink through a couple days just to have an "easy" 200 day achievement on the books.
First in my memory is Kathy Ireland.
Umps are part of the game. The game is not just balls, strikes, hits, runs and errors.
Don't even need a cold press - toss grinds in a jar or pitcher, add water, filter in some way.
Was it in the cache?
Why would you ever remove the zombies/survivors from their bases?
When the seasons shift and I pack up winter clothes, I always find a fifth of booze or two or some random tall boys in my closet, just hanging out behind my boots
You can chill now. I went a bit overboard on a recent play, killing two bears within about a week of each other, plus multiple wolves and a deer or two. Nearly all that meat is now in the 10-20% condition range
I'd lose hard, but Teddy Roosevelt would be an awesome fighting partner
Learned that the first time I tried bear hunting. One shot, two shots - bear attack. Limped up and went to shoot again - wtf? Where is my rifle??
On the bright side, you can boil up a **ton** of water with a 12 hour fire.
Every once in a while, those games happen. 15 days in on my current play (first real shot at Stalker), and no hatchet. Last game was no rifle or arrowheads for nearly 40 days. Part of the challenge is making do with what you have, or searching what you're lacking.
Went for a walk up to the lookout, seeking a hatchet. Made the mistake of trying to sneak by a bear. Nope. Got knocked to 9%, bandaged, ate, took a short nap. Would have been fine, but when I went to pick up my bed roll, I accidentally hit "sleep" for an hour - that's when bear came back. GOOD MORNING SUNSHINE
Splendor was a pleasant surprise for me. I'd seen it demoed a couple times and it seemed sooooo very dry that is pegged it as a game I wouldn't enjoy at all. But then a friend brought a copy over. I'm generally up for anything, so we played. And I got into it. Scanning the table and trying to balance what I want to buy with denying you what you want to buy. Good fun.
Ditto. Dominion was one of my first games and I liked it then, but now the grind doesn't intrigue me.
Should be finishing up **H is for Hawk, by Helen Macdonald**. It's one of those books I don't want to end. And my read-aloud to my wife of **Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, by JK Rowling** will finish up this week. A few years ago we started a habit of me reading to her while she falls asleep. Last Christmas we brought back her HP books from her parent's home and began at book one shortly after NYE. Over the past year we've read the series. While I have huge problems with the books (mostly with inconsistent world building - e.g. why does the wizarding world use technology such as clocks and steam trains, but not automobiles or telephones? What do wizarding children do for schooling prior to age 11? Why is Quiddich such a terribly designed game?), it's been a fun read, and our next book is going to have some mighty big shoes to fill.
Oh that was a good one.
You're asking for provocation to include chasing a wolf off a kill. Fine. The game doesn't include that. If you want a different game, play a different game. If you want a game where wolves will go after you, play on Voyageur or Stalker difficulty. Pilgrim is solely for you versus the elements. (I'm not saying Pilgrim isn't about mechanics.)
I think it's like any collecting or hobby - you're new to the hobby and have nothing, so you grab a lot of relevant items. And then you hit a good baseline; anything more that you pick up is extra. I think in my first year of boardgaming, when everything was new, I bought something like 40 games. From there, I got to know what kind of games I like and what I don't like. For me to want a game now, it's got to be a type that I like, without being too much like something I already own - obviously that means fewer games that meet those criteria.
Not to mention the hilarity of playthrough posts of ... *Day 175 ... Went fishing in Coastal Highway. I'd brought plenty of wood, fished for a while, caught some big ones. Blizzard whipped up, so I bedded down. Woke up to see that the ice had broken up around me. Survived on my fish from yesterday for a day and a half before my fishing hut sank, bringing me down with it.
A hut the size in this game? Would probably be pulled out by hand or with 4-wheeler.
If a group of three school kids can obtain the ingredients and make it (on multiple occasions), without ever getting caught, that points to it as not being all that hard. From the way it's made out, it's about methamphetamine-level difficult.
No thanks. I don't need to watch two hours of Leonardo DiCaprio grunting.
I'll add ... **Suburbia** (Though you might consider the "hidden/personal goal" to be against your qualifications.) **Dominant Species** **Castles of Burgundy** **Hive** **Smallworld** This is what I can think of from my collection without looking it over. Probably quite a few more than that.
Being a polio fetishist.
When someone says I *need* to see a movie just because I enjoy a game, I think comments are acceptable. I also like playing the Civilization series. Doesn't mean I *need* to see **300**. Maybe OP should keep their love of a movie in a film sub? (Side note - I've already seen The Revenant. Just because it happens in the snow doesn't mean it has any relevance to TLD. May as well say we *need* to watch the following: Alive, Into the Wild, Everest, Wild, and so on and so forth.) TLD isn't actually a great snowstorm sim - temps aren't low enough. I deal with colder temps for most of the winter on my bike ride to work.
I enjoyed it just fine. Iñárritu is a freakin genius, DiCaprio and Hardy are great actors, the setting is awe inspiring. If you want to talk oversimplification, OP posting that Revenant is a must see because we subscribe to this sub is an oversimplification.
I just back away. Last Stalker game I spawned just off of Jackrabbit Island. As I walked to the island, I have the wolves a wide berth. Saw one wolf pounce at a rabbit. *Free lunch* I thought to myself. Drew the wolf off his lunch, and then backed toward the island. No torch, no flare, no bait. (I mean, I'd just started - I don't know if I even had a flare!) Once I'd made it to the cabin, I entered, did a quick search, then walked out the front door. Then back down to the ice to harvest the rabbit. As long as you leave a "back out" option, you can escape nearly all wolf encounters without fire.
There is no safe bear that isn't a dead beat.
Easier to play with a puppy if he's not running away.
Once had a headshot ricochet off the wolf - killed the wolf, but the arrow was flung a dozen or so paces off.
The cynic wins again. I know people who use public domain works as their publishing houses sole content. Sometimes it's just a cash grab. But two publishers I know do it because they love printing things and do very nice printed books using traditional methods.
They'd approach Brass or Le Havre by reading the rules and playing? Should there be a "gateway" to monopoly? Because, I mean, thinking about both roll and move and set collection *and* resource management might be too much.
If someone doesn't have the desire, why would they have desire for, say, Settlers of Catan, but not Agricola? People act like board games are this esoteric hobby. There's no talk of a gateway to German silent cinema or impressionist painting - it's something you experience and learn the ins and outs of along the way.
I'll definitely toss this one in the mix. *Dude, you're having a serious case of TD - just make a move already!!*
I use maths as an opposite to games. You cannot get calculus without a background. You can get the most "complex" game without ever having played a game.
Imagine this game of Monopoly where a totally ignorant player is there. Since you haven't described the rules or goal, this player is buying property at random. No sets. Meanwhile, everyone else has monopolies and is building houses and hotels, and our poor new player is just praying to roll a 7 to land on free parking.
He'd have a heck of a time proving that he is a natural citizen
Great! I've been itching for some big games, hope to make it for at least part of the day!
This summer is get this error maybe every three times I would load up Civ. No changes to video card or drivers (been playing on same computer since game was launched). Haven't updated any drivers or anything since, error hasn't popped up in months.
I don't sweat small damages. You'd have to have a filthy bag, or be recklessly jamming a book into a bag to "ruin" a book by just putting it in a bag. Now, if I'm bringing a lunch to work that has some sauce involved, I'll make sure the chances of sauce getting all over my book are minimized.
Stealing a wolf's kill is a great way to feed yourself. You don't even necessarily need to kill the wolf. Just get the wolf to notice you, then back off and get into a shelter. Let some time pass and then go harvest the deer. As a preventative, I'll usually get a fire going by the deer so that wolves will stay away while I'm harvesting (as well as staying warm).
When she made me a breakfast sandwich.
TtR is great for when you want to play a game of Gin Rummy but with trains.
Trappers Cabin is cursed for me. Every time I spawn there, or nearby, I get greedy. And die. Every time. I might have a bow and multiple arrows and a rifle with ammo and snares and a knife and hatchet ... I'll still get greedy and get hypothermia harvesting rabbits, or get lost chasing a hunted deer, or freeze to death getting just a little more wood. I've since started refusing to use that cabin for anything more than a scavenging point.
That is if you survive harvesting and carrying the spoils.
Coastal Highway is my favorite map. Plenty of shelters, and the wayfinding is terrific - roads and clear paths. And once you have a bow or rifle, *loads* of meat.
So you want to devalue the Lantern because you find lantern fuel to be so rare. You can solve this by not being active indoors at night.
How do you balance it then? If a candle is just something you find, then that's unbalancing to the game - getting 10+ hours of light for only the cost of the flame you light it with. So let's balance it, as well as making it more "realistic": you craft the candles. * Add the option to harvest fat from animals killed. * Allow rending of unspoiled fat on a fire * Can harvest cloth into wicks * Can craft candles with rendered tallow This balances. Why? Because rending fat into tallow takes a **long** time. Rendering the fat for a candle is going to take as much fuel as the same amount of torches. Oh, and you need to use cloth - do you want bandages/repairs or a little candle? So now it's sustainable, except that the late-game shortage isn't lantern fuel, torches or even cloth, but matches.
If you are constantly the 5th player, why are you ignoring the "Starting Player" action space?
Something like that fits in perfectly with the intent of the rules. Though Movies 2 would leave most guessers wondering what the spymaster is thinking. Unless Holly and Wood were two of the last uncovered words on the board, or were adjacent so that you look down and see "Holly Wood" next to each other, it would seem like the spymaster was being nonsensical.
I prefer leaving it to one word. It makes it *Much* harder. Had a recent game where the spymaster used *Chaplin* as the clue. She meant Charlie Chaplin, hoping to hit some clues that were film/acting related. Instead, our team heard *Chaplain*, as in the religious official ... and chose some church word, like Steeple or something ... which was the assassin word.
Not on the list, but **Spot-It** could work. Language independent, so as long as the players can see and gesture, grunt, or indicate in any way that they've spotted a match, they can play.
My brother named one of his kids Nikolai - neither he nor his wife have a shred of Russian or Balkan ancestry, no interest in Russian or Balkan culture, nothing.
Had a boss who would make a shortcut to every document he'd make on the desktop. When he ran out of desktop room, he'd make a folder for his desktop labeled "Documents shortcuts XX-XX-XX" and drag all the shortcuts there and then make new shortcuts for any new documents. Baffling.
I made the mistake once of killing three bears in quick succession. Toward the end I was stuffing myself full of calories every day and then doing strenuous labor in an effort to eat it before it rotted. I ended up using nearly all my antibiotics to keep up with all the food poisoning I was getting, and eventually gave up, letting roughly 25 kg of bear meat drop to 0% and vanish.
Big lecture? Could probably slide in there without anyone noticing. Just don't be interactive - treat it like you're watching a film. That means you stay out of the discussion; the students around you who are paying tuition have the right to participate, not you. And stay away on test days. Smaller classes? You can probably forget about this. In either case, if you want to be truly a good, ethical person, approach the professor after class. Give them the elevator pitch for why you want to sit in. (For a small class, I'd suggest contacting the professor prior to class.) Maybe they'll welcome you with open arms or with restrictions. Maybe they'll say no. Maybe they'll say it's fine on certain days, or that they'd like you to consider applying as a part time student, but are ok with you sitting in for this one class. When I was unemployed for a few months back in 2009, I sat in on big lecture classes with the blessing of he professors.
CoB is sure ugly, but it's great. Personally, I'd rather play a good ugly game than a bad pretty game.
Oh, for sure. Though young me probably wouldn't have known of the song without The Specials.
You're almost definitely right. I was playing that I wasn't giving a "You're all welcome to hop aboard my gravy train", but others were. So there'd always be at least one player who had 4 points before we'd circled the table. I'll play again in the future, maybe with stingier and less trusting people.
Perfect. I'm re-reading LotR as my nightly read-aloud to my wife (she'd never read it), so a little supplement is nice.
In short, using your disadvantage to your advantage in a situation where your disadvantage has no relevance.
So Zoroaster is wrong.
I've run into hipsters in 3rd world countries.
I like Swedish hipsters.
I do enjoy the push and pull of positive and negative in the same review. You'll hear Quinns talk in effusive tones, thinking this is a home run. ... **but**, there's this thing that he doesn't like at all
You'll get there then. I had *months* of games that ended before day 5. And then weeks of games that ended before day 10 ... and eventually I got to a point where I knew I could start a game and have a go. No more "I spawned in a crap location, may as well die ." Keep on keeping on
If you don't mind sticking to Euro - **Keyflower** is terrific with anywhere from 2 to 6, and plays in about 90 to 120 minutes.
Professor X is a hero professor.
Hey cat. When I'm in bed at night, that means I'm sleeping. You are very welcome to sleep in the bed too. But you are *not* welcome to swat at my body or bite my hands, feet or legs.
Arguments for **Agricola** and **Keyflower** have been made, so I'll extend out WP to be inclusive of *Action Drafting*, since they are in effect the same. That brings me to **Dominant Species**, which is not just my favorite WP game, but my favorite game of all time - a game that is as close to perfect as I have ever played. It's wonderful because it is so very competitive. I'm competing for key actions, space on the board, and supremacy and dominance on spaces. I'm balancing choosing actions for my benefit, actions to prevent negative effects, and actions to harm my opponents. And all this with perfect information for all players - nothing is hidden. We all know the game state and what might happen, the only unknown is what exactly someone might be wanting to do. And the slight asymmetry of each player species means that how you react to a game state as amphibians could be different than how you react to the same state as a mammal or bird. To top it off, there are options for remaining competitive - you might try to spread over the world as an adapted species who doesn't excel in any particular area, or you might specialize. You might work to prevent others from being able to share your area, or you might mix and mingle. So good.
Usually boredom. At a certain point in almost any game you realize that either you are massively dominant and the rest of the game is going to be you playing out your win, or realizing that you're pitifully behind with no option to win in sight. In all my years of playing I've only had a handful of games that have been "close" all the way through the end.
In my 20s I wanted to move. I was between two cities, one on the East Coast and one on the West. Flipped a coin - landed tails for West. Two weeks later, I was living on the west coast. Lived there for just over five years.
Been there. *Oh man ... I thought I had one more round and was going to bake all this bread ...*
I like to build a group - I'd rather get a whole group up to a high level of play for future games than crush new players repeatedly.
Enjoy! DS is my "perfect" game. Few other games shine the same. It's pure ability - no way you can end a game saying *I was screwed because you had X card, my draws/rolls were crap/etc*. If you're ever in the Minneapolis area and want some DS - holla.
Hair Metal.
I'm almost inspired enough to have my own gaming caucus up north.
First play of **Patchwork** I misread the rule about button income and thought that you got more buttons *every turn* (I don't know what I thought the buttons on the time board signified). Halfway through the game we had run out of buttons me we're keeping track with tally marks. Scores were crazy high.
It's really fun, but prepared to be *hated* by the world as a supreme warmonger.
Had a cabbie once who was playing Grand Theft Auto while driving. He grumbled when I asked him to stop and just pay attention to the road.
Mostly that he's actually, really trying to make things *much better* rather than just keeping things from getting worse. I'm not a fan of his foreign policy, but with every other position in all *yup, uh-huh, sounds great*.
No. Having a favorite musician/band is easy - songs and albums lend themselves to repeated listening. And musicians tend to stick with a particular "sound". But authors? I can count on one hand the books I've read more than twice. Barely need two hands for even books ive read two times. And one author's book isn't necessarily going to be that similar to their others. So I have authors I *like*, but not a *favorite*.
Varies. In summer, I'll complain at 60 F. I'll say "wow, it's cold" at 30 F in late autumn it early winter. In the dead of winter, 30F is "warm" and it's only cold if it's single digits or sub zero
Did I compare Lincoln and Pol Pot? No. Work on some reading skills. I, in jest, brought up Pol Pot for the Cambodian leader. Someone says that would be a bad choice, and invokes Pol Pot's brief tenure as a reason. But if tenure is a reason, then Lincoln, by the same argument, would be a poor choice. TL;DR - tenure is not reason enough to allow in or push out a leader from appearing in a Civ game.
Boardgames are part of the overall "entertainment" line of the budget. If I went overboard on buying games, I'm not going out to as many movies. If I just bought opera season tickets, I'm not buying games.
Laundry.
Within four sets of reboots, we're back to Christian Bale as Batman. He plays Bruce Wayne as Patrick Bateman. Sex and drugs and murdering prostitutes. He's only in character as Batman for five minutes of the film, as he chugs from a bottle of scotch and runs down pedestrians.
I brought **Pandemic** up to my mom and dad's once a few years ago. They're Scrabble players, but aren't the type who keep up with new games. It was really satisfying when we LOST, and mom immediately said *can we play again??* I've got a family reunion this summer - a full week at a cabin on a lake with the siblings, their kids, and parents. My job is to bring a ton of games. Really looking forward to turning my brother on to games that aren't Monopoly and RISK.
Wing suit. The idea of speeding down a mountain like and eagle, just feet above the ground is very appealing. My fear of death stops me from doing this.
Do it over a period of time so that if you stacked a series of satellite images tougher you have a flip-book of a penis being drawn on the surface of Mars.
*Why didn't you call me?* Things were much easier before I had a phone.
You haven't see the perfect dick for you.
I just worked to get a book that got me around $60k and then said "fuck it - I can live fine on this, and not do a lick of work". I sometimes wonder how high I could've pushed it if I put in a full day's work.
When the cat gets in and jumps on the bed looking for cuddles.
Any of the following: * Wearing cut-off jean shorts * Sitting in a Lay-Z-Boy That's about it.
Agree. I have a hot cousin. If I found myself single, I'd call her up.
Beer
Huge Upvote for hub extravaganza.
In 5th grade they separated boys and girls. Us boys watched a filmstrip about "our changing bodies" and then wrote questions for the teacher to answer. Then 7th grade health class had a section about STDs. That was the full of my "sex Ed": questions from my peers about boners and a fear of STDs.
He is eleven stories high, made of radiation.
Fiddleheads + butter = yum
If you have money to throw around, Encore Sushi &amp; Karaoke opened on Franklin a few months ago. Individual karaoke rooms rented by the hour. *Not cheap*. But fun in a different way than going to Otter, Vegas, VFW etc. Song selection is weird. Supposedly a catalog of hundreds of thousands, but they're Japanese (or Korean) machines, and at least shortly after opening, much of the song selection was K and J Pop, and many of the American artists were not listed with English names. In the same nighborhood, the Eagles club does karaoke a couple times a week.
Go go OKCupid
Saw my girlfriend's uncle try to finger his daughter during his nephew's wedding reception. We quickly escorted him away from the reception.
I have occasional temporal love seizures. Mostly I just stare off into space, or at worst have fright reactions to things that shouldn't cause fear.
No more going BALLZ out
Booze
Book one said it all: Harry is special, Voldemort is a bad guy, they will fight in the end, Harry will prevail. The rest is all fluff.
I half developed a variant of Carcassonne where completing features helped you build a deck of M:tG cards which were then implemented for battles for control of features.
Fun sure ... Until the game drags on and you feel like you've been playing forever and you don't even care who wins as long as the game just ends.
Careful with Bieber vs Simone - from a music critique standpoint, they're equals. Simone is more interesting as a person, and her political work is interesting, but musically she's not much different than Beiber.
Is Dominant Species a war game disguised as a Euro or a Euro disguised as a war game?
I just don't do advanced era starts for the same reason I don't play scenarios: I like a fully "sandbox" game where I start with nothing and proceed.
My common one is a game where me and all AI are pals from day one. And then right around Industrial Era, they get hip to the fact that I'm about to take a huge leap forward and every one of them declares war.
Puppets?
Freddie Got Fingered.
Random stranger gave me an envelope with $40 on Christmas Eve. I was broke, and I'm certain they thought I was homeless, but I appreciated what I then used to buy a couple packs of cigarettes and a couple good six-packs.
Would you rather play "Would You Rather?", or mutilate your genitals with a blowtorch and a baseball bat wrapped with razor wire.
The showers.
I was doing some spring cleaning and found a spindle of CD-Rs. Out of 50, I think there were still 20 or so blanks.
I once met a guy who was a *professional hacky-sack athlete*. If I recall, were were hanging out and someone brought out bag. Someone made a comment along the lines of "wow, what a dude-bro game" and this guy said that was his *job*.
Or being lost. *Fuck, condom slipped off when I was withdrawing!!!*
Nutria - Beaver - Porcupine - Bear
Who invited Cincinnati to Reddit?
My incest erotica doesn't come free. Let's just say elves might be involved.
Even if you had the same groups playing, you'd be hard pressed to hit the Replayability within a week of repeated play.
Box him in, declare war and watch his cities dissolve. Starve him out.
Still terrible at naval warfare.
Correct
Beer. I'd work harder for beer.
With the same number of Epidemics, a 2p game will be easier than 4p - mostly. On one hand, you have fewer people to clean up and avoid outbreaks, but on the other hand, in your favor you have: * Fewer people spreading the cards. Say a series of draws has five red cards. In a 2p game that might be just 3 for one and 2 for the other, but in a 4p game that can easily be three players with one red and one player with two reds. * Longer time between turns. If I head to SE Asia to take care of a situation, in a 2p game I'll be able to do that right after your turn. In a 4p game, i have three turns of disease cubes to wait through. * More people drawing cards means it's easier to run out of cards if smart passing of cards isn't happening.
They get fuzzy after a while. When I try recounting my 20s, I remember "yes, we had sex ... a couple times I think, she was friends with Jake, but lived in another city, or was it that she moved shortly after? Damn, did her name start with an S? Samantha? No, that doesn't sound right - Samantha was the neighbor lady in Chicago ..."
If a future partner cares about my past partners, there's no future to be had.
How can they look terrible? They look like peanuts. Now I have to wait until Saturday to buy some peanuts.
Leaving one of her kids at a gas station while moving west. I've never met my Uncle Charlie because grandma was having such a shitty day that when she was driving the family west to live in Washington for a while, she forgot her son Charlie and didn't realize it for a few hundred miles (she had 11 other kids in the car). She was terrified that if she called the police that they'd lock her up, so she never reported it. If you're out there uncle Charlie, "hey".
Good simple game. Book makes it out to be WAY harder.
I'll include that on my next Mother's Day card. *Dear Mom, thanks for raising me to have good manners, like fucking the friend of the girl that I thought I was gonna fuck, even though I didn't want to fuck her.*
Because board games are different in how they're learned. Each board game is a discrete unit of learning. Everything you need to know is contained in the subject game's rule book - it doesn't refer back to assumed or accumulated knowledge. (With the exception of some things that are pretty safe to assume you'd know - what it means to shuffle, draw or discard cards, roll dice, etc. If something like discard has a specific meaning within the game, the rule books spell that out.) But other types of learning is cumulative. Easiest example is mathematics. You need an understanding of basic arithmetic to learn algebra. You need an understanding of algebra to learn geometry. You need to understand geometry to learn trigonometry, and so on.
I have a fascination with Nixon. I was born after his presidency, so the Nixon I heard about growing up with the almost cartoonish bad guy - the ultimate corrupt and dirty politician. A few years ago, I started working with a friend on a comic book series featuring a Nixon clone as the hero. I couldn't write him very well with just what I'd grown up with. Started reading biographies of Nixon, White House tape transcripts, histories of the Nixon presidency and the Vietnam war, watched dramatic and documentarian films about Nixon. His memoirs are just one more thing I'm consuming as I try to wrap my head around who Nixon was.
Just "plain".
It's fair to make assumptions about what would appeal. And for sure, playing a more simple, single goal game can open someone up to being willing to play a more complex, sand-box type game. But that has nothing to do with being ready or able to play a more complex game. Your parent's experience with didn't prepare them to be able to learn and play Caverna.
I really thought this was referring to some stretch goal - "If we raise $100,000, we unlock a set of Men's Wear for your Minis!!"
It's definitely a game where mistakes are costly. Having a child too early, or miscounting how many actions are left before harvest, or miscounting how many food you can make from your three grain - they'll mess you up.
My goal with a pantheon is to pick the one that sustain itself in faith production. If I can get +4 faith from deserts or salt or iron or whatever, I'll take that. This way, I don't have to think about temples early on to keep up with faith, saving hammers for other buildings/units.
Depends - is she a book collector or a person who just like books? A collector would care about the value and resale value. If she wouldn't be holding the book as a part of a collection to be sold at a later date, devaluing the book with an inscription would matter a lot less than the good feelings from having an inscription from a loved one in the book. I am a Hunter S Thompson fanatic. If my partner found me a found me a first edition HST signed and wrote in it, I'd love it more for having her inscription.
I don't play this often, but when I do I love where the story goes.
I go to the home improvement chain in the area (Menards). They have plano-type boxes with adjustable sub-compartments for a buck or two. If I have a game where having all the bits in one location makes sense (say, Agricola or Orléans), they work like a dream.
Worst thing since the atomic bomb.
Really depends on what you like. I find Coup highly enjoyable. I would prefer to never play Sushi Go again.
Bicycle.
My partner will never get over that we call going to the lake "going to the Beach". She's a southerner.
Who has ever said Arkansas is part of the Midwest???
Oh Nixon didn't sabotage anything.
Most stores will do this for larger orders.
Associated with usually means that the public consciousness connects the song, not written about an event, to the event. These are both songs written about a particular event.
Royal Tennebaums
*Mom, your hair is sooooo silky*
First: are you still involved with their life? If no - back off. Any incidental contact you've had might not be indicative of their normal state. Someone who is part of their life is better set to intervene. If yes - intervene in whatever way you or the other people close to your ex feel is appropriate. Might be you having coffee with them and talking about your concerns. Or maybe it's a full blown intervention.
Or sperm sample.
That explains it. I thought perhaps "full explore the ____ ideology" had something about how in a given game you'd only be able to pick some but not all tenants, and that I'd just been picking the same tenants all this time.
Temporary Alliances? I'd never consider that. If player A has one follower in a city, there is nothing to be gained by a "temporary alliance" to deny them that feature. As player B, I'll try to get in on the feature. It's up to you, as player C to decide if you want to try to get in as well. And once we all have two followers, it's about whether anyone wants to drop a third follower in to take control. If you place a third, you bet your behind I'm going to try my damn best to get a third in.
Seeing how long you can close your eyes while driving before your passenger screams at you to open your eyes. Mocking the pro-life billboards. Gas station coffee.
May as well be asking "What is your favoriting food to drink beer with?"
There'll be some dick wagging between the USA and Russia soon enough. It'll be great.
The music is awful, but I recommend going to a show sometime for the experience.
Golden Grahams. I could eat a box in one sitting.
Archive.org Live concerts by hundreds of artists. Old movies. Various audio and video clips. Old computer games. Sooooo much shit.
Some great. Some made me wish I see dead.
It's enough that you could only visit Archive and nothing else and be entertained for the rest of your life.
Played football. I thought it would help me fit in. Note: there is no way that being 4' 8" and weighing 75 lbs and trying out for the football team is going to help you fit in.
Tomacco!
**Carcassonne** is my guess. It's a go-to when I'm making dinner and can play while cooking.
Helps you ... to do what, exactly?
Was at a dance club back in my 20something club/raver kid days. Woman starts dancing up close to me, then slinks down, unzips my pants and gives a brief BJ. I mean brief - she starts, does a few licks and a couple nods, then stuffs me back in my pants and zips me up. Then this BUFF mother fucker saunters up to her and it's pretty clear they're a couple. For a moment, I'm sure I'm about to get the shit kicked out of me - and that's when he high fives me and winks.
Because he was winning.
Yes. Make sure you have plenty of kraut and hot mustard too.
Because beds in jail are not comfortable.
*I know who Sneak is*, I'd say
Weekend off, headphones and intoxicating drug of choice on a beach or patio.
Go to work. Maybe have a pizza and some wine. Watch some Netflix and go to bed.
Had an elderly neighbor years ago who had been a photographer for most of his life. He was also a hoarder who's house was chock full of nudie magazines. Every time he'd see my girlfriend, he'd try to convince her to come over for a photoshoot so he could "take some pics of them nice titties".
Anything that I've played this week with my overly inquisitive 8 year old nephew. Great kid, but he's the type who just pummels you with questions. Playing **King of Tokyo** included questions on what happens if you want to attack only one other monster, why you're fighting, which monster was better, if there was a way to make a truce, why the marines aren't in the game, what it would be like if the marines were in the game, why a cyber bunny would fight a gorilla, etc etc. Not a moment of not answering a question.
Not a single factor, but that the elements work together. Some lore is great ... If it makes sense for the game. All the lore in the world isn't going to make Catan better. Brass wouldn't be as good a game if it were over in ten minutes, and Coup would be just terrible if it lasted two hours. Hand or resource management is great in some games, but wouldn't improve Chess. A game is the sum of its parts, not the parts individually.
The type of game doesn't appeal to me (pop culture references bore me to tears), so I'm not your target audience. But the cards don't appear to belong to the same game. The Axe Dwarf and Map cards especially look like the art is from one game, while the other cards are from another game.
I have never had a problem bringing a book to a restaurant or bar. Last summer I went to an outdoor music fest with a book because there were a couple bands in the lineup that I wasn't keen on. I sat on the grass reading while rock played on the stage.
Just gave away a big collection of Magic: the Gathering cards to my 10-year-old nephew who is a Magic fiend. Even though I haven't touched them in a decade, it took some gumption to say *these are yours now*.
Mostly games as entertainment with my partner when we have a spare hour or two. Varies week to week - might play a game or two every night of the week and five or more games over the weekend. Or we might play just a couple games a month. Also have a group I play with every other week (though we're on hiatus because summer is busy for us all). And I'll from time to time arrange a game day/night or wrangle together people for a specific game.
First, cry. Then I'll rant a lot. Probably get drunk and do something stupid, like punch some Trump supporters.
Stopped believing in God.
Still unsure how he kept his job after that. The following year we both got laid off and man, was that ever a "lost summer" for the both of us. Wake up whenever, buy a case of cheap beer and drink all day.
Being lost in the forest with maybe 10 oz of water and no food.
Ex-gf went to a job interview after we'd moved cross country. In the office was a magazine clipping win a picture of me, and the guy interviewing her was friends with her ex-bf.
Just got back from a weeklong family reunion. Ma and pa, brother and sister and their kids (ages 3-16), me and my partner. The adults LOVED **Codenames**. Can't recommend this enough. Everyone loved **Coup**. For the last half of the week, I just watched as groups of kids aged 5-13 played Coup without any adult help. I didn't bring it, but Ticket to Ride was heavily played.
Keyflower is definitely a game that is incomprehensible for the first play - and maybe even the next few plays. In Spring you're sitting there trying to decide "Do I bid for the tile that gives wood, or the one that gives wood and gold? Or the one that gives stone?" If you don't know what *might* come out in future seasons, you're playing blind. But second game and future games make more and more sense.
Pure WP: Agricola, no questions. Game with WP as a mechanic? Dominant Species. Uses WP as a way of making a beautiful, incredibly competitive game.
Say what? I suppose it depends on what you're calling "pop", but I'd say pop came from the USA, and Britain adopted it and sold it back.
More mushrooms. Specifically, some mushrooms that are fine and healthy, while some are poisonous or hallucinogenic - Accidentally eating a mushroom and then for the next 12 hours you see things that aren't there, hear noises that aren't real, feel temperature fluctuations that aren't there ...
Absolutely. Every now and then people want to add a mechanic to make the game more "real". I've read posts where people want you to have to piss and poop, including having your waste attract or discourage wildlife. I've read about people who want the game to proceed in real time (yes, have it take actual hours to walk from one location to the next). At some point to make a game a game, there needs to be some abstraction. To take an example from another game ... I played a lot of World of Warcraft until recently. For years, when you gained levels, you'd have to periodically return to your Class Trainer to purchase training in your new abilities. From an immersion/realism standpoint, this was great. It wouldn't make sense that just because I leveled up that is have all these new techniques - no, it made sense that I'd have to return to a trainer to obtain knowledge. But in action, it just bogged the game down. Or the Rogue class used to need to purchase reagents and vials to mix poisons to apply to their weapons. Great immersion. But in effect it meant that if I wanted 40 instant poisons, 40 deadly poisons and 20 crippling poisons for the night's raid I had to do some math to figure out how much of each reagent to buy and then hit the craft button and wait to mix them into poisons - not fun.
In a survival situation, it's a sure fire way to get hypothermia to eat snow.
Then it comes down to "will this mechanic add to the experience/difficulty, or just adding a thing you have to do? Take "Cabin Fever" as an example. Recent change, so it's something to review. It adds immersion, for sure - it's not realistic or immersive to spend months on end sleeping for 10 hours, drinking water, sleeping 10 more hours, occasionally eating. Obviously, that's broken, both for gameplay and immersion - there's nothing fun about being incentivized to spend every moment from day 50 onward in a single location drinking and eating, leaving at most once a week. But many "immersive" changes do nothing more than add mechanics that require you to "do" something. A ridiculous example would be waking/running. Right now I press forward on my joystick and move. That's not nearly as immersive if I had to alternate pressing A B A B to move my left foot, right foot, etc. But a change like that would just make the game annoying.
But hard to say it's a "designer rival" when it's game WAY older than anyone alive today.
The amount of meta data that users of this sub seek out baffles me.
Yeah. Was car-free in MSP from 2000-2013 (partner owns a car that I use a couple times a month, so I'm car-light now). Minneapolis is a bit easier than St Paul due to geography - St P is significantly more hilly, which makes biking possibly inconvenient. And the neighborhoods of St P are a bit more spread out. But then, St P has some quieter streets that make for a more pleasant bike ride (but it also has W 7th, which is very unpleasant for biking).
I *love* when the AI takes City States. I conquer a city or two of theirs, then liberate a City State. Or even liberate some garbage city they'd taken from another Civ.
I just double-click my desktop icon
Really depends on what you like. I prefer tiny or small maps, usually Fractal or Random map. I enjoy Epic length. Other settings are left in default (though I will sometimes do Legendary Start resources). I like random maps because then I get to be surprised by the layout. I like random rulers because otherwise I'd play the same couple Civs every game. Epic length balances having the game not drag with making wars feel more reasonable.
Received the 2nd Edition a couple weeks ago. Summer is a low time for games for me - hard to convince myself to spend a Saturday afternoon indoors, much less a couple friends - so it hasn't hit the table. I have "played" a test game (Spinning Jenny) against myself so that I could do a decent job teaching. And wow, even playing against myself was great. What seems sort of simple (choose an action that will cost some money and have an impact on your ability to produce and/or sell goods) becomes way more involved. Maybe I hire workers to produce more bread - but then you hire some workers, which raises wages just a bit higher and now I can't make a profit in the bread round. Eagerly looking forward to a full game.
Shag a Dad
The NYT VR app has some great shit
If she likes to play games, she'll play games when she wants to play a game. I like watching movies, but that doesn't mean that I will always be wanting to watch a movie. And as much as I like games, sometimes I would rather do something else.
This. So much this. A deduction game where a bulk of the players aren't fully engaged is an awful session. A game of ONUW is a blast if, once it begins people just start riffing. But if one person says "I know Bob is a werewolf" and it's met by crickets ... ugh.
I'm just a touch over 6'1". I was maybe 130 lbs when I was 18. At my biggest, I was around 165 in my late 30s. Hanging around 155 now as I near 40.
Usually it's because the mass grave in the backyard runs out of room.
&gt; These "features" are just a substitute for difficulty and plain lazy game design. Not so much that ... TLD in its current form is a testing ground for the developers. They're not learning much about the game if people actively play for a dozen in-game days and from there hibernate into the hundreds of game days. So we see a couple fixes come in to stop that.
Carefully. Arms don't get submersed while doing the reading and relaxing portion of the bath - they hold the book. After that bit of the bath is finished up, book gets tossed far away from the bath.
Looking back at how little I was willing to earn in my adult life makes me shake my head and say "wow, what a grungy little dude". First job out of college in 2001 paid me $13,000 a year, no benefits. Rent ate up 75% of my pre-tax income. But I still loved that year. Now I'm working in a field that I'm not all that into, and would definitely leave ... but the thought of starting over in something more interesting but dropping my income ? Sorry dreams, daddy needs to get paid.
My mom and kid brother loved cribbage while growing up. I hated it so hard. Three decades later, still won't play.
But that's not "argument" territory at all. Argument territory would be if the rules did not clearly cover order and you were left wondering "oh, is that ability classified as an instant? or like, sorcery? can I only do it on my turn??"
If only more people would listen. Seems that boardgaming as a hobby (and /r/boardgames especially) has serious FOMO issues. Game that gets a lot of attention? Oh man, I should TOTALLY make sure to get that.
&gt; where the words and teachings in the koran make it debatable whether islam is an inherently violent religion Oh boy ... you're bringing this into it? Are you my farther in law? There is no *debate* about whether Islam is an inherently violent religion (at least no more than ANY other religion). Islam is a religion. The rhetoric within the Koran includes violence that was part of the norm 1300 years ago, just as the Christian New Testament had violence that was acceptable ~1800 years ago and the Old Testament had violence that was acceptable ~4000 years ago. (Extend this out for the origin texts for Jainism, Hinduism, and so forth).
I was going for Agricola, but you're right, Arboretum is *mean*. I love it, I really do, but holy cow is it ever rough
&gt; Terra Mystica - power wheel thingamabob. Was this really needed? My main complaint about TM is that nearly everything feels tacked on to me. I get a feeling when playing that the game design process was weirdly collaborative. Designer one showed up with this map that you'd settle by terraforming. Next designer said "how about building upgrades?" Next designer said "Oh, and there should be some magic!" Next comes around and says "OOOH! We have GOT to have some religion/cults going on." Another said "How about there are some common actions, like a worker placement game?" And instead of a master designer getting it all to work together, they just said yes to everything and mashed it into one game.
Even still ... 3 hours is incredibly excessive. You've got five era with five rounds each, so every player has 25 turns. On those turns, you're choosing what to do with two dice. And since you know what your dice are from the beginning of the round, you can consider your options while the player(s) in front of you are making their choices. A three hour game means that it's taking nearly a full minute per die choice. Even considering checking rules, a couple minutes to clear/repopulate the board after each era, that's bonkers. Just look at your dice. Do you want to use them to place something? Buy something? Sell goods? Is there something you don't want another player to have? Sure, in the first round of the era you have more choice, so that adds to AP, but you also then aren't hampered by "Ugh, I rolled a 2 and 5, but the available bits aren't on 2 or 5." Likewise, on latter rounds you're probably going to roll what isn't available to pick up, but you aren't hampered by "Oh man, soooo many choices!"
Definitely **A Brief History of Seven Killings, by Marlon James** (Or in your format A Brief History of Seven Killings / Fiction?? / 2014). A multi-perspective trip through the corrupt underworld of Jamaica and into the drug slums of New York. Picked it up because I'd not been able to make it through James' previous book, Book of Night Women, but thought his language was stunning. At first I had a really tough time making it through - trying to get each character's voice into my head, figuring their relationships (even with a nice little character cheat sheet), was hard going. But once I had that straight, it was fantastic. One of those real "OK, just one more chapter and then I can go to bed" books.
Carcassonne gets played between my partner and I more than anything else (though Paperback could overtake that). Really simple to learn, and can be played without both players having laser focus -- we'll often play while I'm making dinner: she'll take a turn while I'm chopping veggies, I'll come by and take a turn, go back and sauté some stuff, once things are simmering we'll take a half dozen turns, back to the kitchen for me ...
I'll take a new season of Cheers. Lots of Norm groaning about kidney failure while Sam tries to pretend that he's still got baseball skills, Woody has gotten addicted to heroin, Cliff is a 9/11 truther, Fraiser has finally come out of the closet ... you get the picture.
We now have cat-spiders everywhere. Double the agility.
Sound is not a sound. Taste is not a taste. What's the problem here?
In my early 20s I spent pretty much every hour of the day high on pot, and many days on LSD or mushrooms. Got into the Bible. I was *super Jesus Freak* for a few months. Mom was really happy. Then my supply ran out and I stopped believing.
Me and the library would be BFFs. If I get to keep all my stuff? The same thing I did last time I was unemployed: read, fly kites, take long bike rides, take photographs of things, make bad photoshop art.
Because then I know where it's coming from.
It was an elective for 10th grade or up. It was your basics -- get your Plato, bits of Machiavelli, that kind of stuff
Winner. If someone doesn't like a type of game, don't play that type of game with them. Pretty simple. I have a friend who doesn't enjoy WP games, so I don't play them with him. There are far more games that aren't what he doesn't like that there are games he doesn't like.
It's and/or. But remember that upgrade is *after* transport. Generally that's in your best interest: you want to upgrade a tile, so you use one worker to both move the resource needed onto the tile and in the same action, upgrade. (When you'd want it to work the other way is upgrading a home or other transport tile: upgrade it and suddenly your transport capacity is bigger!)
&gt; And explosives Explosives solve everything.
The first time I rage quit was this. Brought a rookie (or maybe a squaddie?) along with my A squad on mission that should've been pretty easy. Figured I'd give him a simple task - maybe have him toss the grendade that gets things started, then have the pros do the heavy lifting while he does a duck and cover. Get my squad set up - two of my prime sharpshooters up on a rooftop ready to snipe the baddies. OK Squaddie, go toss a grenade on those baddies. Oh, guess you're too far to throw. Well, we've got some muscle, and rather than waste a nice set up, go ahead and start it off by shooting that guy. Good job Squaddie, you sure did shoot that Advent. No, I'm not mad that you didn't kill him, you'll have plenty of opportunities to shoot Advent later. Uh oh, that Advent just ran over to the side of the building and shot at you. Whew, sure glad he missed out. Hey, hey there, don't panic. No seriously, don't panic. And **definitely** do not run out into the middle of the street. Hey now, why do you have a grenade in your hands? Dude, CALM DOWN. Don't throw the grenade at that Advent. Don't you see that your squadmates are directly overhead? Boom. Sure, Advent died. But so did my two favorite sharpshooters.
I had no idea what XCOM was before I bought XCOM2 the other week (had I known it would have been in the HB, I wouldn't have paid twice as much during Steam sale ...). Sure, some of the references made are over my head. I don't get Why Shen is so antsy. When the science guy talks about how much he misses the food back home I get creeped out without knowing why. But I'm enjoying myself more with XCOM2 than I have in a long time.
My reading schedule: * Lunch break. Unless it's well below zero, I'm in the park reading. I just cannot concentrate nearly as well indoors as out of doors. Winter means that I'm cold, but at least I'm cold while reading. * Before falling asleep. I'd have to be dead tired to not read at least a couple pages before falling asleep. On weekends, I may or may not read during the day. Sundays are all about the newspaper, and Saturdays are iffy.
&gt; looking forward to Key to the City: London. My partner got this for me for xmas -- it's also very good. Perfect for those times when I want a Keyflower experience, but a little bit easier on the brain. With only a few plays in, the only thing I don't love is that it lacks some of Keyflower's interaction. There's not the same incentive to work your opponents' tiles more than one or two times, so besides bidding, it feels much more "OK, I'm going to stare at my tableau, you stare at yours".
In 150 years, I'd be shocked if paper currency was still used for anything other than satisfying collectors.
&gt; masturbate whilst fantasizing about the mom for the next twenty years That's fine until you're now married to the girlfriend/daughter and in the middle of some sex you call out her mother's name and it all comes spilling out of you that for the past 20 years of your relationship you'd been lusting after her mother. In fact, you only continued dating her so you could see her mother.
That's right. Make your friend the third-wheel! *Oh, we're just laughing about how you ALWAYS take forever to choose something when you go out to a restaurant. She think's it's cute -- I keep telling her that it'll get old FAST and to rethink her priorities. I mean, dude, do you really need to think for half an hour to decide between a burger or pasta? The rest of us are fucking starving here.*
Italians are fat. May as well ask why the sky is blue.
Skipping wife/partner. BFF: High school newspaper. I wanted to be the cartoonist. He wanted to be the cartoonist. Advisor offered a contest. He won hands down. The initial animosity turned to a friendship of making and trading surrealist jokes for more than 20 years. Later that year we were in an English class together than went on a field trip. He needed a ride home, I had a car. As he was giving directions, I was getting weirded out: he was directing me to *my* home. That's when we found out we lived three blocks from each other but never knew it. Ended up hanging out pretty much daily. Worked together. He moved across the country. I moved across the country. He moved to the other side of the globe. Still BFFs.
Don't mean to dissuade you. It's really good. It's just that there's not quite as many reasons to use someone else's tiles (which I enjoy as well). The game revolves around working tiles to add "connection" logs that spike off your hex tiles. Since all possible connection building tiles will always be in the auction, and upgrading the tiles mostly only takes 2 connections, it's easy enough to get all the connections you need without giving your opponents more than a couple meeples over the course of the game. And because the end game tiles (in Keys to the City "transport", analogous to Winter Season tiles) are public from the start of the game, rather than being revealed in the final round, it encourages engine specialization: "I will grab all the black connection tiles", rather than "Well, I'll concentrate on ore, but just in case, I should also ensure access to wood".
In that case you might be putting the horse ahead of the carriage, so to speak. Right now you know that you'll be handling combat in a rock-paper-scissors way. So call them rock, paper and scissors for now. Once you've decided on the world/theme/era, you can make some choices about theming your rock, paper and scissors into something else. Otherwise, you're doing the thought for nothing. You go with Bow-Spear-Horse ... oh, but then decide on setting it in the late 19th century, back to the drawing board. Then change again to futuristic Mars, again, do over. Oh, now it's set in a fantasy magic world. You get the picture. For now, deciding on what rock-paper-scissors are going to be is premature. When someone is designing a game and they're at the stage of choosing/creating mechanics, they're not making decisions about what font to use in the rulebook or whether to call the wooden bits Meeples or Followers or Workers.
&gt; I heard that keyflower might be quite a bit cutthroat-y sometimes, is it true? No more so than games like Agricola. (Hey man, **I** was going to take all that clay.) There's very little incentive to do an action specifically to prevent someone else from making the action - it's just too tight of a game, you're not going to have sufficient meeples to do everything you dream of, while having extra meeples just hanging around.
It's a sequel. One of the tribes has been eliminated.
I *know* that the basic Apples to Apples that is somewhere in my closet has a Helen Keller card. No Hitler or Holocaust though.
I guess I have the inner-ring of the Minneapolis-St Paul metro area.
Not without the players agreeing to spend a couple turns de-tangling the hive.
&gt; Finally, try to just play the game and not burn your brain over the optimal (or even a 'good') play. This is such good advice for a first game of TS. Part of learning this game is that in the first game neither player is going to have a coherent strategy - they'll just be doing what feels like the best move now.
High score engaged. I'm going to just ... walk into Mordor.
Oh I love the McMenamins chain :)
Often. I'll start going, then decide "ugh. Not worth it."
I'd let Dave Grohl exist up through the first Foo Fighter's album, then delete him.
Contrarian. Even if sober me agrees with something, I'll argue against you for the sake of arguing.
In the express lane of a grocery store.
&gt; The Martian How? The book and film deal in "let's see how Mark figures his way out of this mess!" Once you know how he's figured his way out of each mess, how is it still satisfying?
I'm new-ish to XCOM, just the other week finished plain XCOM2 on Rookie. I'd gotten a few missions into a Veteran run when LW2 dropped. Loaded it up and after one mission I'm returning to vanilla until I'm a bit more practiced on working my placements and squad set ups. Having so many slots to fill and so many different classes in LW2 makes it hard to wrap my head around.
The time a guy hit me while I was crossing the street and he jumped out of his car wanting to fight because he thought I'd scratched the finish on his car.
Stop being friends.
Luckily I was fine -- maybe a bruise or two. But it was just ... BIZARRE. Dude jumps out of his car, and I assumed he was going to do the "Oh man, sorry, you OK?" speech. Instead it was "YOU FUCKER, YOU SCRATCHED MY HOOD, I'M GOING TO FUCK YOU UP"
&gt; Unfortunately, low/no luck games tend to be longer. I find that to be true also. And I think it's a good thing. If a game involves quite a bit of luck of the draw/dice, it's nice to be able to play a series of games to decide the winner, rather than a one-and-done. (At the extreme: Rock-Paper-Scissors.) But if something has very little or no luck, you'll want to plan out and execute some sort of grand strategy.
I find it to be more than is needed. Asking *Who wants to go first?* and then starting works just great.
*New* is always something sought, whether we're talking board games, computer games, clothing, cars, movies, books, etc etc etc. And it's odd that your point of reference for *absolute classics* is Agricola, Carcassonne, Tigris &amp; Euphrates, 7 Wonders. T&amp;E is 20 years old, Carcassonne is 17 years old, Agricola is 7 years old and 7 Wonders is just 7 years old. So with that base, 7 Wonders and Agricola were foolish new hotness compared to absolute classics like T&amp;E and Carcassonne for the same time frame that they're now considered absolute classics compared to the new hotness coming out now. As another point, board games tend to have pretty small print runs. There's a real possibility that if you don't buy the new hotness now that the first print run will disappear and *maybe* it'll get another print run. Or maybe not, and then you'll be out of luck. Or maybe the second edition will come with components that aren't the components you liked from the first edition, or comes with modified rules or art or ...
&gt; It's because a great deal of board games media, the overwhelming majority I would hope so. Would anyone ever subscribe to Entertainment Weekly if the review section covered 20 year old films?
I used this sort of situation as an extreme example of why house rules are awful :) It was something about an area of control game where battles are decided by games of Magic: the Gathering. But not talking about house rules, it breaks the design practice of elegance: a well designed game should just "work" without you having to think too hard about how it works.
In a way, **Keyflower**. If someone chooses to use tiles in your village for resources or transport, you get to keep their meeples. Such a good little mechanic to force someone to think "Is it a better move for me to use 6 yellow meeples on three turns on my own home tile to move all this ore, or should I use some meeples on my opponents home tiles and get more moves for fewer meeples, but give them the meeples??"
Another example of how talking about board games is silly since we can't even agree on terms. Does heavy mean complicated rules? Lots of rules? Rules with many exceptions? Decisions that have lasting effects? Decisions that only have their true effect many turns down the line? You seem like you're calling it not heavy because the ruleset is simple (which I totally agree with: on your turn, play a card for the stated event on the card, or for one of three actions -- yawn). But I'd call it heavy because of the long term effects of actions. If I use a 3-OPS card to place two influence in West Germany, just barely knocking you out of control, that can cause a chain reaction. You may think I did it because I'm holding the Europe scoring card. Or maybe I did it just to provoke you into spending points in Europe rather than in Africa because I have the Africa score card and needed to misdirect you. Or I have a handful of cards with *your* events and I need to choose an order to play them that mitigates their effects as much as possible, while at the same time reacting to your turns.
With up to *three* playtesting sessions per game!
If I have to die in a way fitting a dystopic novel, may as well be eaten by pigoons.
&gt; Twilight Struggle. The Steam translation of TS is pretty solid, if you want to play but don't have a willing gaming partner.
Oh why not. In 10th grade, the family took a Disneyworld vacation. At the airport I grabbed an issue of Rolling Stone. *Chocolate &amp; Cheese* had just been released, and there was a half-page interview with Gene and Dean. I remember something about mushrooms, the pope ... The day we got back home, I bought C&amp;C. The next week, I bought The Pod, Pure Guava and GWS. Ween became one of my favorites through high school, and then in the first month or so of Freshman year od college, they played at a club in town on the 12GCG tour. Awesome show. In the decade that followed, I was a full-time Ween fan. If they were playing nearby, I'd buy tickets the day they went on sale. I was downloading live shows via DC++ on a dialup modem (would start downloading before falling asleep, then had to pause the download so roommates could use the phone during the day - it'd take DAYS to get a full show). I still remember the Halloween party one year when I found out that one of my girlfriend's buddies was also a Ween fan and we spent the night drunkenly singing a capella versions of The Stallion pts 1-3. When alt.music.ween dried up, I started frequenting the Ween Forum, and got even deeper into Ween live shows. Thankfully by this time I'd have broadband, so no more multi-day downloads. Got into permavines and B&amp;Ps to increase my collection, and used the printer at work to make some pretty sweet CD liner notes with artwork for each show. Traveled further and further for shows. And then ... just sort of stopped. I'd liked White Pepper. Quebec was just OK. By the time Friends and La Cucharacha were coming out, I'd stopped caring about the new material. I was really bummed over the breakup, but went to seen Gene do his solo stuff as Aaron, saw Dean Ween Group. I still listen to the albums from time to time, and still have my favorite bootlegs (fucking Mississippi Nights 05/15/2000 is THE BEST SHIT EVER ... Big Jilm &gt; Reggaejunkiejew is brutal). But I didn't try hard to get tickets to the first big reunion show, and didn't bother to get tickets when they came into town last year. I've listened to the shows, and they're fine, but I'll take the glory days first.
This will always baffle me ... I'd love to get inside the head of the guy who decided "You know what? What this label **needs** to release right know is a record by two weird motherfuckers featuring a couple songs about a Stallion, a song that is two guys ordering Mexican food, and the entire albums sounds like it was recorded on a cassette tape that had been left on the dashboard of a Pinto in the summer heat." There's a reason it's their best album.
A couple questions run through my mind: 1. What do I want to play? First up is what I want to play. If the folks I have over are a "party game" group, but I don't want to play a party game and would rather play some chunky 4+ hour economic game, we'll do something other than play a game. 2. What do the people I'm with want to play? Who are these people, and what would they like? Let's hope there's some overlap. 3. How much time do we have? Even if we're all in for a chunky game, if we're also going out to dinner and it's 6pm now, no way am I dropping a game that will take a couple hours. 4. What's the mood. Pretty broad here, but what's the mood? Does it seem like everyone is ready to give their all on a meaty game, or is everyone in a mood to chat while playing something light? Do I need a game where people will be coming and going every fifteen minutes, or is everyone who is coming already here? If it's a new game, are people in a mindset to learn how many rules?
Then what's the point of adding another firearm?
&gt; Unless you had absolute trash components before Which can definitely be true. For nearly 20 years I'd just gone through with various freebie/hand-me-down turntables with bargain-basement priced cartridges, whatever speakers I could get for less than the price of a case of beer ... Finally this year I gave my records the love they deserved. Decent used table. Good entry-level receiver. Quality speakers. Solid cartridge. Some records went from being unlistenable to amazing. Others I heard singing where I didn't know there was singing.
My *usual* reading times are about 40 minutes during my lunch break, then 20-30 minutes before sleeping. But I'll also pull out a book if I'm waiting in line, or at a theater before a show, or for a couple minutes while waiting for my partner to finish getting ready before going out. So at times I'll hit out just a couple minutes. I've certainly had stretches of 15+ hours on nonstop reading. Drugs are great for that.
I'd given up on Civ VI within a week or two of release. Think I'd put in about 20 hours in and then stopped. But over the past month, I've put in 200 hours. I'm digging it quite a bit. **Districts** and the city planning that comes along with it. For too long city planning in the Civ series has been ... *OK, that spot looks good, I'll settle there and then build EVERYTHING.* Now there's a lot of thought that goes in. Build here to reach those resources, or over one spot to get a sweet +4 campus? Do I want an Industrial Zone now, but would need to wait to get an Encampment? If I build an Entertainment District here, will I be able to build the Coliseum before anyone else gets to it?
You could say the same about special education, speech therapy, single mother classes, drivers education ... that doesn't make it part of normal high school curriculum. AP course are managed by the College Board as a method of providing college-level education in high schools, not high school classes that happen to give an opportunity for college credit.
I doubt it'll ever be knocked off it's place of honor.
Make sure you practice up by riding without pants a few times in the month leading up to the 4th.
Really, I do agree with the idea of permanence: but that like other build decisions shouldn't be "locked" until you hit next turn.
Had to look at a full list: **Shine On** ... You Crazy Diamond
I'm concerned with the size of my workers. They appear to be approximately 15x the size of a sheep.
In the early days, I worked in an office park across the street from a mall with a game store. The mall was the only place within a few miles for quick food, so it was my default lunch spot if I'd not brought something. So obviously I'd stop by the game store 2-3 times per week, and would be buying 6-10 games per month. After that initial burst, in which I'd picked up maybe 40 or 50 games, I slowed down to about a game every couple months, and now I'm at a point of a game a year, at most.
It'd feel off to play black metal on a console stained such a nice, gentle cherrywood.
I was talking to my boss today, he said I am doing "a" good job. Yup, that a is a direct quote!
&gt; a sub-4-year degree What backwards country are you in? Pharmacists (I'm talking here about pharmacist - not a customer service person who works at a pharmacy) have basically the schooling requirements of a doctor, including internship/rotation.
That sounds good. I've got a set-up that's right around that price point. I just won't do further upgrades so I don't have to bother with finding the perfect pressing and can enjoy what I got :) Thanks.
By choosing reading over other things? I don't know how people can play video games so much, or watch so much TV.
Mostly, I don't. Even with a new album I don't usually set it down and spin over and over again. But sometimes the mood for a particular album strikes!
China: *You have too many wonders* Me: *Oh yeah? I also have too many field cannons and musketmen, how do you like that?*
Summer of '01. Both the best and worst days.
Robocop 2.
The *Facts of Life* episode where the girls buy bongs.
On the flip side, playing tall is so monotonous. Every single game ended up as finding three city locations based on luxuries and building *everything* in every city. Maybe you'd nab another city down the road to get access to Oil/Uranium/Aluminum. So even though there's some tedium in fiddling with a dozen cities and the units around those in VI, having to treat each city, and therefore each empire/game, a little differently adds a lot of variety.
This particular portion of the thread has nothing about damage risks.
I grew up with "honkin'" only being used following "big". Something was *big* or it was *big honkin'* (which was REALLY big).
If you want, you can consider late game barbarians to be "terrorists" (or at least non-state combatants) without any actual game changes.
Unless you think you'll be camping more after this, I'd suggest renting gear. It'd be a pity if you dropped hundreds of bucks on tents, pads, sleeping bags, etc etc only to discover that the two of you are not campers. If you have an REI or other outdoors store, they'll have some good gear for a lot less than buying cheap gear. Otherwise, it depends on what sort of a site/campground you're doing. Backing a car up directly to your tent pad and being able to use your vehicle for storage is a different story than hiking in a couple miles from a parking lot. First time I camped with my partner we borrowed a sleeping bag, some mats, a tent and a cooler. Bought wood on-site, used a lighter to start fires. Cooked veggie dogs skewered on some twigs. In the years since then, we've added to our camping kit piece by piece.
Fully agree. I drove out with some friends back in '01 to see Ween at Red Rocks and it was just fantastic (and I've seen Ween nearly 20 times over the years).
&gt; did Oasis ever really crack America Do you mean did they make it big in America? Yes, they most definitely did. Doubt you could have made it through a couple hours listening to your alt-rock radio in '95-'96 without hearing *Wonderwall* and *Champagne Supernova*.
Here's how a usual camping weekend (car camper here) works out for me ... Get to the park in the late afternoon. Set up camp, then take a short-ish hike (~2 miles), come back and get a fire going and drink a beer. Drink more beer while enjoying the fire. Make some dinner and drink more beer. Then read in front of the fire and drink more beer, until bedtime. Wake up whenever I wake up and get a fire going. Make some coffee and wake up my girlfriend. Have breakfast. Do a longer hike (~7 miles). Then it's time to go to a nearby brewery for some city life and beer. Repeat last night. Maybe play a boardgame. Same thing the next day. Pack up the next day, go home and enjoy a hot shower.
Added this to my library wait list this weekend. Now I need to wait.
Turns out that /u/webberg thought she's spelled Regret incorrectly, but she's actually a huge fan of birds ... Egrets in particular.
I had to do a double check once when I saw a middle-aged woman with the Herbalife logo tattooed on her neck.
So far, never. But it'd be a weird person who would rummage around in my tent to take some dirty clothes. Everything else is locked in the car.
And some September.
And this is why I don't go to meet ups. I'm sure that others have had amazing experiences and met long time friends through meetups, but I'd rather have long droughts of no games and then have a great time with friends than play a lot, but with a group of randoms.
Well, you might need to fold it.
I'm not sure what you mean by calling having the game and rulebook a *vacuum*. That's all you should need to learn a game. If you're needing a video or guidebook to the rules to learn, then it's a poorly designed game (or a terribly written rulebook). Learning from another person opens up too much room for error. That said, I'll echo most of the other posters here that actually playing is the best thing to learn. My usual practice with a new game is ... * Read the rulebook * Read the rulebook again while unboxing -- identify all the bits and pieces, location of places on the board where bits will go, etc. * Play a mock game against myself. Can't emphasize how helpful this is. You really figure out then why a phase is "play, THEN draw" rather than "Draw, then play". Or how board movement works, or where a draw and discard pile is. You learn the pacing of the game, so that when you're teaching you can note that the first 3 turns are a prologue to the game, or that it's around round 10 that everything becomes a storm. * Read the rule book again after to correct any errors in play that I made, and to reinforce the rules. After that, I'm ready to roll. All set to teach.
This is it. Yes. Got the anniversary edition last month; the booklet it came with had such a fun little oral history by Dan and Keith.
Oh, St Anthony would be fine. St Anthony ... The Village of St Anthony would be a touch further out than if you were in St Anthony Main (which is across the river from downtown).
Only in Montreal? I've moved plenty of times by bike. Rent a flatbed trailer, load up and pedal.
I didn't think that Siesta was for real until I arrived in Madrid.
Um ... there was some question about the history of a town. I was bored to death at work, so I created an account and proceeded to write a long story about the history of that town, featuring acts of brotherly betrayal, military service, infidelity, murder ... Got gold for it. First post, gilded, never gold since.
Whichever I feel like reading.
It's hyperbolic writing; basically CNN working "clickbait" type claims that then get send around the world. Claim that every YA series "owes a debt" to Harry Potter and you get repeated. But what if Harry Potter owes a debt to The Hardy Boys?
If you stretch a definition enough, it covers just about everything. But that doesn't mean that it's effectively true to stretch the definition. To take your extension of resource management as a mechanic in **Codenames** ... yes, if your Code Master says "Books: 2" you get three *resources* ... but you as the player are not managing them. If you guess incorrectly, you do not still have a minimum of one more guess. But if you're playing a game where you can turn ore into swords or mint them into coins and have 2 ore, even if turning one into a sword is the "wrong move", you still get a second move. But again, using a broad enough definition, everything is resource management.
Codenames is "playable" with two. But generally what I see for "party games" means something that doesn't require thinking forward multiple moves: what you do now is your best move now, not doing a move now to do a move next turn to do a really good move the next turn after that.
Nice little combo of: * Hardcore Trump-people: These are the ones who think is the best fucking thing out there and will approve of what he does, up to and including killing their family dog and fucking its corpse during the family Christmas meal * The "Always Republicans". These folks will eventually drop off. * The morons. This is a lot of the US citizenry. They don't read a newspaper, they don't watch more than a couple minutes of news in a month. So as long as the commies aren't invading their backyard, the president must be doing fine.
NICE. I'd picked up 9/10 years ago, but lost it at some point. Love the Desert Sessions stuff.
It's good enough that I burned a lot of hours in my early 20s playing all night long while my ex-wife worked graveyard shift at a restaurant. She'd come home and I'd still be clicking next turn as the sun rose.
I was really let down on release. Played for just about 20 hours, beat the game on Diety (something that I still struggle with in Civ V after well over 1,000 hours of playtime), and shelved it. Went back to playing V, played some other games, stopped gaming altogether. A month or so ago, I cranked up VI again (after seven years of Civ V, I'm really just ready to be done with it). And you know what? I'm enjoying it. Sure, it's got the same issues that all civ series have (see: end game being boring), but it's really pretty cool. **Pros:** * Districts/City Planning is sweet. Having to really consider what you're doing with a city, rather than always being able to build/buy every building and wonder is a great addition. * Barbarians that are an actual threat is great. No more is it fine to just keep an archer in your city and that's the end of it. If there's fog of war or a barb camp nearby, you have to be prepared or you'll be surrounded. (I once made the mistake of capturing a Barbarian Settler at the opposite end of the map sometime around turn 50 -- just happened to be by a Natural Wonder, so I settled. BAD IDEA. I couldn't get units over there, and didn't have an economy to buy units there, and since it was a fledgling city it could only pop out a new unit like ever 8 turns or so ... meanwhile swordsman after swordsman came marching over. I quit that game.) * Civics/Government cards are nifty. It's nice having some customization to your government that is also changeable. Sure, having 50% build time on Settlers is great now, but I'd like to change that up in 30 turns - and I can. **Cons** * AI is still dumb and frustrating. They don't know how to wage war or use airplanes. They build enormous hordes of crossbow corps in 1750 and throw them up against your army of artillery and infantry. * Balance of production to science is off. It's far too likely that you'll be researching how to build a space station, but any city you have will take the next 500 years just to build a launch pad. * Slow/sluggish game. Next Turn ... wait ... wait ... wait ... wait ... wait ... * Religious Units block your way. God damn, that's annoying.
Finally got my "shipped" notice ... so I'll be lying on my back spinning this in less than a week. Been listening to the CD a lot this past week. So much of my time from 19-22 is wrapped up in this album.
Why do you know me so well? I always spend more money on firewood than anything else for a camping weekend. Two nights of camping? Yeah, I better buy six bundles of wood for the first night ... and I know I'll buy more tomorrow.
&gt; I remember that early on, the only place you could buy CD-Rs in my relatively major city was Radio Shack (!) and they were unbranded, gold colored, and cost $2 each. Oh boy do I remember those days of buying CDRs in individual jewel cases; maybe you'd get a bargain and it'd be a block of 10 jewel cased CDRs for $25, but realistically it was one at a time, sometimes at $5 a pop. And the burn speed would be like 4x, tops and every time you'd make a burn you were praying that there wouldn't be an error.
None. First thing I do every time I install a new Civ title is go to options and turn music down to 0%
&gt; totally reinvigorated my passion for the hobby Ha. I know that sensation! Until earlier this year I had a decent TT, but a low-end stylus, shitty speakers and shitty receiver. Overall, my records sounded ... passable. As such, I was only buying what I just *had* to have ... favorite albums by favorite artists only. Anything that I just liked but wasn't fully in love with was something I could just cue up on Spotify. Then I upgraded the receiver and speakers. Couple weeks later, stylus. Some records went from unlistenable messes of noise to fully beautiful masterpieces. Bits of music I'd not noticed chirped out. Faced with such a nice system I *binged* on buying records. Went from around 150 records last year to well over 200 just in a couple short months.
It's the curse of pre-orders.
TIL what a "14er" is. I'm not going to be summiting, but I sure will be at Longs Peak around that time!
I pack for creature comforts, since I'm a state park, drive in (or cart-in) to the site. No digging holes for my poop. * Tent, sleeping bag, air mattress. I once forgot the sleeping bag, which wasn't cool. * Firemaking equipment: hatchet, newspaper, matches. * Cooler full of beer and food. I'm all about brats and chips and coleslaw and corn on the cob. * Warmer clothes than you'd expect to need. I never intend to need a wool cap, but it's better to have it and not need it than be miserably cold. But also I'll bring a pair of shorts just in case.
* Boardgame meetups are filled with the worst stereotypes of gamers and are no fun * House rules are for broken games or people who don't know how to play a game correctly * The whole idea of "Gateway" games is stupid and only accomplishes making "gamers" feel superior and keeps new gamers from playing very good games until they are "experienced" enough * Playing soundtrack-type music to enhance a play of a board game is weird
LOL. Worst I ever had was a game where my scout nabbed a wandering Barb Settler at the far end of the continent from my capitol. Just happened to be next to a Natural Wonder, so I settled right there. Didn't think about that if there was a Barb Settler, there was a Barb Camp nearby. So early game, with no badass economy, no way of getting units to my solitary city ... wave after wave of barbarian. Finally just quit the game.
The booger eaters. Not even joking there. Took an invite to play some Cosmic Encounter, and a could younger folks (I'd guess 22, give or take) joined in. Both of them spent the game picking their noses and eating the boogers. I didn't want my hands to be anywhere near those cards. The shadower: that guy who really likes the game you're playing, but no, they don't want to play ... but then they spend your entire game hovering over the table commenting on how everyone is playing and how he'd play better. The whiner: the guy playing Arboretum who complained through the entire game about how the game was stacked against him. The "my game is the only good game and I won't play anything else." Sure, I'll play some Sentinels of the Multiverse with you ... ok, that was fun, want to play something else? *Begin longwinded rant about how all other games are inferior.*
&gt; Big complicated games are intimidating. How or why? They are if you present them as "OK buddy ... not to scare you here, but this game *might* be really hard for you ..." But if you just have faith in a person's ability to understand rules, then just teach the rules.
Going camping, which means many long hours of sitting in front of a campfire, turning pages. I'd started in on **Here I Am, by Jonathan Safran Foer** the other day, so that should carry me through Tuesday. But I'll have to stop at the library for one more just in case.
Bartender in an Olde Tyme Saloon.
