Yes. What I get looks like this: http://imgur.com/mO1ayv0
I got in trouble in the third grade for spelling correctly. Turns out the teacher couldn't spell.
And you think the Windows "everything's a tablet" approach will be cleaner? How about iOS? They're certainly not trying to sell you anything.
Wow, your definition of "works" differs dramatically from mine.
It's easy to not get hurt when all you do is take a report and file it somewhere. Nothing in my experience suggests that police would take seriously a teenager who lost his phone, even if he had GPS location on it.
Run an income app, like Perk TV. Should work fine on your wifi, and eventually it'll pay for itself.
Not yet, but as soon as there is one, we will.
I've been doing Celeb TV - Lifestyle and Fashion. As with the others, it goes to App Trailers when finished, and it seems to earn as well as App Trailers. Plus the yellow pom-pom is easy to spot when I'm scrolling down the list.
That the Internet thing was just a fad.
Damar would have been more compelling, had he survived and had DS9 gotten another season. By the time his arc got really cool it was all over.
It's a shame you present things so confrontationally. Your ideas have merit, but you won't get many people to listen, the way you present them.
You know, I did this for a long time on my Chromebox, and you know what I ended up using it mostly for? Web surfing. After a few months, I realized the idiocy of this and put ChromeOS back on it. Never happier.
I thought there was some kind of algae bloom that made it unsafe to do this this year...
Higher than the typical 20-30mg trip report. I'm curious what it might be like, but I'm a little afraid to try it myself.
I agree that there should be a changelog available on MSDN or TechNet or somewhere else like that, but the "Windows has updated" slideshow is NOT the place for them. Something that every user must see and cannot skip is not the place for indepth technical stuff.
Good, I read over what I wrote, and realized I might be interpreted as advising you to overdose, which I totally am not. I'm just interested in real strong trips, because that's what I enjoy myself.
Order some powder.
If I'm going to disable everything on my phone, why keep it at all? I could sell it and buy a Windows Phone or something, to the same effect (no Google, hardly any apps).
try the cable that came in the box for charging the gamepad. i've found the shield remote is fussy about the cable
Welcome to the wonderful world of open hardware. Your new purchase will never lock you out of root access, and there will never be an update to it that will prevent you from gaining root. We are delighted you've decided to join us. :)
green pulsing means it is charging. when it stops, it's full. there's a PDF manual around somewhere that has all this info, the only place i found that actually explains it. the remote seems to last a couple weeks to the charge in my experience, the controller must be a lot more, since i charged mine in October and it's still going. i use the remote more than the controller, might have something to do with it.
And then where do those of us paying rent there go? Don't fucking give away my apartment, unless you're offering me yours!
I have yet to figure out a way to make skip go to 30 seconds during videos, but Next Track during music. It seems to be all-or-nothing with the new skip.
View Towers is pretty nice now. Most of the shady characters have left or been evicted, and the price keeps them from coming back. After more years than I'd care to admit, it's now a fairly nice, quiet place. I don't want it to go back to the chaos...when I moved in here, you had to step over nodded-out junkies in the stairwell; there was a woman who wandered the halls, knocking on doors in the middle of the night to randomly ask people for cigarettes; there was another woman who would sit in the elevator and cry; the 10th floor was all drug dealers; you couldn't get through a week without being woken up at 2AM by a fight in the hallway or in one of the adjacent apartments. I pay to live here, I would be heavily against any kind of appropriation that made it a worse place for me to live.
I've heard that a lot, but I've never seen any evidence that this was the case. In any event, that's not what they are doing now, and not what the people living in there now agreed to when they moved in. I don't think taking housing away from anyone is the answer, even if the plan is to give a third of it back. There's lots of buildings that aren't lived in that could be renovated (and probably cheaper, since they wouldn't have to put up the current residents somewhere while they did the work, not to mention the asbestos removal), or a new building could be built.
An article on a forum. Surely a primary source. I saw another article in a forum that says that is bullshit, you'll find the link right under this comment where it says Permalink. And you should never have been allowed into the building without showing ID, we have security for a reason and the guard wasn't doing her job when she let you in. If you think that is fascist, feel free to show us your disapproval by not visiting.
Standard Android TV remotes, both on Shield TV and Nexus Player...directional buttons, select and back, that's about it. Seems up and down will do Next/Previous Track (didn't know that before, but I guess I should have), but I still prefer it the old way. Wonder if I can change it in the keymap for fullscreen music....
It won't go to 5, 6 is the minimum, will that be safe?
How can I tell if it is too high? Is there any potential danger (tank exploding, coil catching on fire, that kinda thing)?
Ok, sweet! Thank you for the info, I'll experiment from here and see how it goes.
I have this remote on my Shield TV, and I am very happy with it. Note that there are several Mele F10 remotes, each with slightly different features. The one you linked is the F10 Deluxe, which I consider to be the best of the lot...it can learn functions of other remotes (I taught it to change the volume on my AVR), has Play/Pause (the other F10 remotes don't), and it has much better motion tracking than earlier models.
Agalloch: [Dead Winter Days](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y6UttxEWgk) [In The Shadow Of Our Pale Companion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pmwndD2EOw) [Bloodbirds](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOKcfyo3-xE)
Spaced apart, it is one of the greatest cliffhangers of all time. Editing them together as one episode completely destroys an iconic TNG scene, to the great detriment of the episodes.
It's better than any other such thing I've used. It's not flawless, but it's sufficient for light use.
Hmm, pretty sure Apple could have Trump bumped off, and pay for it out of petty cash.
So, does this mean my obscure Kitkat phone will finally get root?
Hmm, does this mean they have a modified Coreboot that can load native Android? Wonder if we can use this to get Android running on the Tegra K1 Chromebooks.....
I don't think they were wearing non-marking shoes.
I played it a few times, a lot of years ago, and I remember enjoying it (although I don't remember much else). I would be deeply interested, but I have no books or equipment, and no recollection whatsoever of the rules. I do remember a lot about the setting...I read a LOT of the Battletech novels when I was a kid. Edit: We're talking about the FASA game, right? Or whoever owns that name now.
20 year ago, they had DXM-only pills called Contac Cough Caps. They had 30mg of HBR, and I didn't have any trouble with them at first, but after 100 or more trips (and they were epic trips), I had some kind of weird reaction where I couldn't even look at a box of them without gagging. Probably somehow psychosomatic.
None at all.
Coupons.
What was the international designator for Nomad? (2002-045b)
Couple points I've discovered in switching my own parents to Kodi, that may or may not be of help to you. Firstly, the biggest factor I've found as to whether or not my parents could adjust is the complexity of the remote. A lot of the cheaper Android boxes either don't come with a remote at all, or else they come with a real shitty one. Remotes that only have a few buttons, like the (old) Apple TV remote, the Nexus Player remote or the Shield TV remote, are better than ones with 20-30 buttons. Secondly, if you plan to introduce them to streaming from addons, pay for Real Debrid or something like it, saves a lot of teaching headache. Good luck!
I have one as well. Out of town till Friday, if you don't find one by then PM me, it's yours.
Does P = NP?
Can effects be both definitely noticeable and subtle at the same time? That's the best way I could describe it...definitely there, but somehow more subtle than I'd expected or wanted it to be. Don't get too hung up on the dose amount...200mg is a lot for some substances, nothing for others, it depends on the substance.
DXM is much much much much much more euphoric than ephenidine.
1.2g-1.5g of DXM definitely gives me a hole experience, which is very similar (although uniquely different) to the K hole.
"Notifications". It installs itself when you install anything from TV Addons, then pushes near-fullscreen popups begging you for money. Scummy behaviour.
But you didn't beat that, did you? You got IP banned.
It mostly worked with my LG surround system, all the functions functioned, except that it switched the input on the LG rapidly to an incorrect input on startup, which caused Shield to stop outputting audio to the HDMI, which could only be fixed by a reboot (which would trigger the same rapid switching that kills the audio). So, yes it worked, but in practice no. Edit: H265 is perfect, I've been watching 1080p H265 streams that look fantastic and buffer in a snap, it's quite nice.
adb over network?
I found an StackExchange article which agrees with you for multi-level dwellings, but suggests vertical for single-level places like mine. Here it is: http://superuser.com/questions/618104/do-different-positions-of-the-antenna-on-a-wireless-router-make-any-difference
Too bad we went on this big digression. Now it looks like I got an answer to my question for any one casually scrolling by. Guess I'll wait till next week. :/
Sick of the drama queen posts. If you don't like it here, go away. Don't spam our reddit feed with a post every other day about how this or that sucks. Don't pretend like you're Dudley Do-right, trying to save the community like some methed out white knight. Just shut up, unsub, wipe the dirt off your boots and leave.
Sorry, didn't realize this sub exists solely for bitching about itself. Please, carry on with your navel gazing.
The best way I found to have fun with 4F-MPH was to redose small doses, fairly frequently. I'd start with 10-15mg insufflated in the morning, skipping my usual 3 cups of coffee, then redose 10mg or so every hour till I get to where I want to be. If I started at like 8AM, I'm usually feeling what I want by around noon, on this schedule, and I usually have the advantage of having done my housework, read everything on the internet and written 2-3 novels by then (/s, but it does make for a productive comeup). Then I slow down the redoses, just to maintain, to more like every 2 hours. Note that this only works when I plan to spend the day doing stims (a luxury I can rarely afford), and I pretty much have to resign myself to spending the night awake on a cruddy comedown or else use benzos to end the residual no-sleep part. It seems like 4F-MPH has a short window of recreational potential (few hours), combined with a much longer period of not fun but wired (many hours).
[Here](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/VrZVFn93Yxs/maxresdefault.jpg)'s one wishing a happy new year. This one was really annoying at Xmas when I was trying to show vids to family.
Must be nice to be so ignorant, you must not have to worry very often. I'd rather vaping be able to stand up on it's merits, not something you have to trick people into supporting. Obviously you feel vaping is so dangerous that we have to distort everything to make our point.
It's hard to describe subtly different trips. HBr is like a daisy, whereas poli is more like a petunia. Having said that, the whole point of poli is that the drug is released slower, over a longer period of time than HBr. Because some of the effects of DXM are affected by metabolizing the DXM into DXO, the fact of the poli releasing the drug on a different timescale greatly complexes the effects. This has advantages and disadvantages. There's new DXM coming into your system for a longer period of time with poli than there is with HBr, which prolongs the time in which you feel the DXM effects. The drawback is that the drug comes slower, so it doesn't feel as "strong" as the same amount of HBr. There's a place for both (and I suspect some very interesting places combining the two in various proportions).
The unspoken assumption there is that we are completely gullible idiots, which is what pisses me off I think.
I love the Doctor, too, I just don't see how he could work as a character without some contrived reason he was forced to stay on, if we're discarding the Delta Quadrant thing. My Voyager would have been quite a different show, perhaps the Doctor wouldn't have been necessary.
Sorry for the easy question, but 4-Me-TMP is unknown to me, can you spell it out? 4-methyl-trimethylphenidate?
Well, it's not like you can make it any more broken. You could probably find someone to do it for you (I *ahem* might know someone...) for a few bucks.
Buy a scale. $20 on Amazon. No excuses.
You can also just buy some propylene glycol to dissolve it in. It's one of the main ingredients in ecigarettes, so vapour stores will have it, as does Amazon, and your local compounding pharmacy. You can basically make your own syrup this way, at whatever insane concentration you like (200mg/ml? Sure thing!).
Really depends on what doses you want to hit and whether or not you like the taste of propylene glycol (hint: it tastes like cough syrup).
Atheist website reports 70% of people are atheists. Let me guess, reader poll?
But you can exempt yourself by shitposting to at least six different subreddits.
Sounds kinda facile, but when I get bad vibes on a trip, I tell the bad vibes to fuck off. I imagine them as a person; not a specific person, just someone I don't want to talk to. When I tell them to fuck off, I imagine the bad vibes person getting all huffy and walking away, makes me laugh. Then they're gone, and I carry on with my regularly scheduled trip.
They aren't interested in valid discussion here, this is a circlejerk, not a subreddit. You'll be downvoted if you don't conform to the groupthink (or if what you say is subtle and people can't immediately determine if you agree with them or not, that's a downvote, too).
Canada post changed something recently, I don't know what. I live downtown, and I always got my Amazon parcels sent to Shopper's on Douglas, but now they go to Cook St. Village, about 20 blocks out of my way.
And what do I get for pointing that out? Downvotes. Thanks for proving my point, stay classy.
Or we could, idk, wait a few months and install the Android app.
There's a lot of surveys that use Flash for the selection buttons.
The R ought to be Ⓡ, the T ought to be ™.
Small businesses already get a lower fee. Walmart wants to get in on that, as if they were a small business.
See, that harsh throat hit is what I like about it. It really replicates the feel of a smoke for me, in a way that satisfies my cravings. I tried high VG juice when I first started and it wasn't satisfying and clogged up my coils.
Is there a good reason to use this vs. the Plex server on my QNAP NAS?
I love hurling on DXM. It tastes less awful than actual sick hurling, and it's like a rainbow exploding out of my mouth. Plus I always feels sooooooo much better after. I just try to hold it as long as I can manage, so as to not lose it before it's absorbed, but 1.5-2 hours after dosing, hurl away!
They wouldn't let you leave? That's some crazy kidnapping shit, you should've called 911 right there.
Why? What benefit will you get from using Shield as your Plex server, as opposed to your Synology?
How do you get your home water tested? Is there some kind of kit?
I wonder if I should go over to that apartment and ask them if they've seen my missing pot of gold.
Pretty sure you can just use dd on Linux to create the USB.
How many pitbull deaths were there in Quebec over the past 15 years? I'd be interested to know just how much weight I might expect on my conscience. Must be at least a few hundred, to provoke this kind of response.
It happened to me with 4F-MPH, and I'm sure it was a duration thing. When I was keeping weeks between doses, it wasn't an issue, but once I tried it more than once a week, I started getting the anxiety.
Axe and you shall receive.
So now they take their laptop with the bot to some poor addict's house, pay him an ounce of blow, then use his internet to bot tons of tickets. Addict gets the rap, asshole scalper laughs to the bank.
&gt; "34 U.S. dog bite-related fatalities occurred in 2015. Despite being regulated in Military Housing areas and over 700 U.S. cities, pit bulls contributed to 82% (28) of these deaths. Pit bulls make up about 6.6% of the total U.S. dog population." According to your own quote, that put the entire US at 34 dog bite fatalities in 2015. Assuming that was an average year (my research suggests it wasn't, that in fact the 2015 numbers should be higher than ever before, but let's assume the worst case here), a 15 year period should expect 510 dog bite deaths. Are you saying there are more than four times as many dog bite deaths in Quebec than there are in the entire US?
This issue seems to escalate every time it's reposted. I'm waiting till it gets to "INTEL AND ISIS HIDE NUCLEAR BOMBS INSIDE EVERY COMPUTER!"
Starfleet Command does not acknowledge the existence of any such "Section 31".
[Five](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/fuck-everything-were-doing-five-blades-11056) [blades](http://gillette.ca/en-ca/products/razor-blades/fusion-proglide-flexball-razors/fusion-proglide-manual-razor-with-flexball).
Black towels.
That's a very interesting and insightful analysis. Thanks, was nice to read.
There's so much free wifi these days, I can almost always find an open access point. Maybe it's different outside the cities, but I don't really miss mobile data.
Not precisely what I said. That talks about cops making arrests, I'm talking about prosecution.
Sounds like slow flash memory. When it loads video into the buffer really fast, like it would from real-debrid, it has to write that buffer somewhere to store it till it comes time to play that bit of video. If your device is real cheap and the flash memory they used is slow, it takes longer to write that stuff to the system, a problem that is compounded by how fast real-debrid is pushing it to you. That makes Kodi buffer and stutter till the write has a chance to complete.
If I have to eat ketchup to go blind, I'll remain sighted, tyvm.
You must be new here.
But it wouldn't have been multiple seasons. Enterprise had gone to an arc setup, and the Romulan War would have just been another arc. Maybe longer, 13 episodes as you say but not seasons and seasons. They had already failed on a multi-season arc with the Temporal Cold War.
Nobody in the government spends even a second thinking about the psychedelic experience, in any way, positive or negative. They aren't trying to suppress it, it doesn't exist at all in their world.
Not to mention the fact that most of the places that are really easy and convenient to farm on, are already owned by people who are farming on them.
The difference with nicotine is how it is typically delivered. If caffeine were ingested primarily by inhalation, with frequent dosing sessions consisting of multiple deep inhales, it might very well show greater addiction potential (would love to be in that study!). Perhaps this is why oral tobaccos seem to be easier to quit.
Which dispensaries were targeted?
[When This Is Over](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bV9uABlJGyI) by Hayden. Definitely the saddest thing I ever heard, absolutely heartbreaking, about two children being murdered and not understanding why.
http://prntscr.com/blcqm4 That's the point I mean. Just watched it again, the moon doesn't quite intersect it but the trace certainly does.
A commit, in this context, refers to a software repository. When a developer is finished working on a piece of code (either finished for the day or finished period), that code has to be added back to all the rest of the code in the repository. They call this process a "commit", as in "I commit this code to thine yonder repository, may it rest in peace.". What all this means for us is that someone at Asus is working on code for a (possible) new product. If they are still writing the code, that would suggest we're a long way from release of the hardware.
Different government now, we can't predict how they will respond to this like we could with Harper. Whatever else can be said about Harper, he was definitely predictable.
WTF is with all these ridiculous articles? There is absolutely zero pirates doing this seriously, they are all at websites messing with torrents. The clickbait is strong here.
Well, I had the crazy idea of making my own syrup at 60mg/mL (one teaspoon per plateau), with like a menthol or eucalyptus flavouring added to make it more syruplike. Not sure how well it would keep without preservatives, that and being out of powder is the only reasons I haven't tried it yet.
You'd think that, but other RCs degrade in solution with PG, so it's not a for sure thing that it will keep. When I have a few grams of powder I can afford to potentially waste I'll try it out.
Ketchup = Satan jizz. Got it.
Without a doubt, Shield TV is the best gadget I ever bought. Every couple months it gets better and better.
Didn't work for me, every time the Tremor Ad (amusing, tremor ad shaking phone) for the upcoming UFC comes up, it vibrates twice, even with notifications off. Annoying when it's happening to five phones every 2 minutes or so.
Why is this shitpost here?
Again, I don't see how you can smoke it without holding it. I think charging him for a bullshit offence is perfectly reasonable given his insistence on charging other Canadians for offences that are equally bullshit. Why are you willing to split hairs to get him off the hook, when he's obviously unwilling to do you (you, the Canadian people, not you personally) the same favour?
I'm too afraid of dealing with the nicotine to go all the way into that. I hear it can absorb through your skin from handling it, that's too far outside my comfort zone. This way I get some of the money savings of DIY without any of the risk and most of the hassle. Besides, mixing your own is cheaper in the long run, but a lot more expensive up front (you gotta buy flavours, the $15 bottle of PG, the nicotine, however much VG you want, etc.). If you want to save a lot immediately, as opposed to in a few months when your savings from DIY have covered your startup costs, your options are limited. If you change your mind, I just got a new bottle of PG, I'd be happy to pour you 100mL or so to get you started.
How does Iris Pro Broadwell compare to newer Iris Pro stuff at 4k? I got a 4k monitor recently, and discovered my old desktop is woefully inadequate for 4k, so I'm considering options for a new build.
I'm not sure, that's why I asked. As I said, I am considering options. Edit: Is a dedicated GPU good for 4K scaling of desktop apps like Office and Chrome? How about 4K video, is a GPU the best option or will onchip video suffice for that (including HEVC)? I don't game so I don't care about that.
You can't really infer anything here by absence. I've watched every available moment of Star Trek, and I never once heard any reference to a Cleveland Steamer, but I can't draw any conclusions about Trek or the Federation from that absence.
or you could, idk, pay for the pro version and support the developer. I know it's anathema here to actually pay for things you use, but it is an option.
I imagine there'll be something interesting in the phone world next week at CES.
Mele F10 Pro has a mic and headphones, but it's not 'universal' (in that it won't control your other IR equipment...it will control Shield TV pretty well).
My supply is HCL salt.
Sounds like you want [Plan 9](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plan_9_from_Bell_Labs).
It's interesting that the best comments I get on my post are whining about how I didn't use a single word in the way they would prefer.
I did some research as you suggested. It seems that cocaine has a molecular weight of about 5/6 that of 4F-MPH. Does that mean I should have used ~300mg baking soda?
Scary. How does one get off of these extra scrutiny lists?
2007 laptops should be Core 2 Duo, which is plenty for Windows 10 with a RAM upgrade. I'm sure you could upgrade them enough that they'd be OK for a senior or a student for basic stuff. Or you could give them to me, and I would do it, selling them for cost.
They measure radiation doses in banana equivalent...
What kind of CPU did they have then? C2D came out in 2006.
Forest Whitaker is still available. I just saw him in Arrival.
I'd love to see Combs play a human starship captain and head up a series.
It's Google Home, not Macy's. Besides, Christmas is over.
I get that, but look at how /r/ResearchMarkets treated Wikdd. The first time you ban a scammer, they will scream to the rooftops that you are repressing them for your own gain. It's not that nobody would buy from you, it's that all your other actions will be tainted if you sell.
*sigh* Yes, I've tested it. I own it. I wouldn't have posted it if it didn't work.
It was accusations against Wikdd as the head mod who was involved with vending that brought on ResearcMarkets reputation as a scam haven. You obviously bought in to that, which shows how effective a smear can be at destroying the credibility of a sub. I don't think you are the scamming type, but an accusation doesn't need to be true for it to be damaging. You've done a lot of work revitalizing the Etiz scene here on Reddit, I don't want to see that all brought down by some scammer with a few sock puppet accounts bent on smearing your good name.
Beer, of course!
The Universal Translator is a very sophisticated program. Think about it...the software we use today has been developing for at most 50 years, with the overwhelming majority of them being younger than that! We saw Hoshi working on the initial versions of it in the 2150's, and it was in use by the end of that decade. Presumably, development has continued as far as 2379, where canon ends. That's over 200 years of development, potentially allowing the software to have a depth and level of complexity that we can't even dream of. Furthermore, the UT has the ability to pick up new languages on-the-fly, languages that could contain rhyming or metrical elements. It wouldn't be inconceivable that, although they aren't strictly needed by English, the UT could apply rhyme and meter to translated speech that it detected as poetic or artistic, using similar algorithms than what it might use for a language that used rhyme or meter (or both) to convey meaning. There's also the possibility that art might be algorithmically quantifiable, and perhaps artistic abilities were coded into the UT. Each poetic translation is it's own work of art, so to speak.
Refugees are fucking hot dogs!?
I'll try to post one next week. It takes ~4 days to get that much SOT, and I'm still away for the holidays with a fairly poor signal.
The Borg wouldn't have a species number for themselves. They are The Borg, they always refer to themselves as The Borg. Besides, the Borg aren't a species, they are made up of many species, as the Queen acknowledged to Seven in Dark Frontier.
The English language is a truly majestic thing. There are literally millions of ways you could describe the behaviour you are talking about. He could be a subhuman reprobate, or a ridiculous cretin who was a great disappointment to his mother. There's a whole wide world of insults out there, don't take the easy way out.
Pretty sure Vancouver had it a while ago.
I tried to warn you. Reddit loves to call people shills or paid-off-representatives (you even did it here in this post), and it doesn't have to be true anymore for people to swallow it. You can't mod and vend at the same time, even simply exploring the idea put you in the crosshairs.
Just like Chromecast, it was six months before it got really awesome. Google does slow burn well.
Fuck tradition! I had an indian butter chicken pizza last week that was fabulous. I've had a weird pizza they called tropical barbecue with pineapple and bacon and alfredo sauce with tabasco. I regularly enjoy seafood pizza with pesto sauce.
Lord Of The Rings. Yes, the movies sucked (Tom Bombadil??). A Netflix/BBC co-production, six seasons with two seasons per book (they have natural splitting points to do this with), 12 episode seasons, 15 for the last. If it's really successful, they can do Silmarillion and the other books, of even go forward with some original stuff.
Samurai are kind of exactly what I'm talking about. When they didn't have a patron, they still had that societal expectation of behaving honourably, which gave them a structure to their actions. The legends of Kahless and Molor refers to Molor defeating every warrior that fought him, until Kahless came along and whupped his ass. Now, it's possible that Molor happened to be the second best warrior ever to live, and Kahless happened to be the best, and he also happened to live at the same time as Molor, and he also happened to have a code of honor that he could communicate to the Klingon people in a way that resonated with them for 1000 years, but it seems more likely to me that Molor defeated all those warriors through dishonorable tactics, and that Kahless was the first warrior to take him out without that.
I wonder if it was just the DS9 showrunners that kept the movies mostly out of DS9, as far as references go. Voyager repeatedly referred to the events of First Contact, in throwaway lines and one-off scenes, but DS9 only references the films when they need a plot point (like Khan).
I'm seeing a misconception here in the comments. You don't need to have been to war to get PTSD. Sure, people who have been to war often have some of the worst PTSD, but that doesn't mean people who are exposed to smaller traumatic experiences are immune. And I suspect most people would find having to examine in detail multiple pictures of dead children who had been starved and beaten to death traumatic to some degree.
I'd be fine with Netflix, Spotify, and a browser that can do Google Play Music and Books. Even Spotify isn't an absolute must (although the other two are). From what everyone else is saying, I'm hopeful.
That doesn't guarantee anything. Some vendors are larger scale and more likely to have proper lab procedures, some are bartards filling baggies while they are half lit and barred out. Avoid the latter.
Yeah, I get it, it just sucks you had to lose all those years of brand building in all the ways that were unrelated to the piracy shit. Makes me wish you could code up a time machine to talk them out of calling it XBMC in the first place. Think we can get that in before stable? ;)
I have around a half a gram of it, sitting at the bottom of a bottle of PG waiting to dissolve. It's been more than six months, not much action, so I think it might not work.
Trudeau is a politician first. In Sherbrooke, in a room full of Sherbrookians and one refugee, whose vote is he going to be after? The one "fucking anglo" or the big group of people who typically tend to be at least highly ambivalent towards English speakers? If it had been Montreal or Saskatoon or Charlottetown, he would have played the the strengths of the room he was in, there. In Sherbrooke, that meant sticking with French.
They call it a "Shield" but remember, they really mean Shield^TM branded device. It does not have a force shield, and is completely incompatible with any kind of nougat candy. DO NOT under any circumstance attempt to insert nougat candy into your Shield. nVidia has recognized this serious concern, and has made changes to the second generation Shield to partially mitigate this concern, removing several orificies from the Shield unit and the remote controller to limit the number of places users could attempt to apply nougat candy.
Depends on the province, I think. My 12 years of French, taught in rural Nova Scotia, is still enough for me to understand 90% of what I hear in French and enough to make myself understood in French (although not elegantly), and this is 20 years of not-using-it later. Most of my friends who were educated in AB or BC got 3 years of French in high school as a swan course, and are basically useless in French now.
Rebrand of readability.
I'd agree with your point 2, that video games are quite a different development than games in general. 10 years is quite enough time, in terms of video gaming's short history, to reasonably come to a verdict on the influence of a particular innovation or technology, and I simply don't see that with the Wii. Sure, it has been a supplement, and some of the things that were innovations with the Wii have trickled in some form to other devices, consoles, and markets, as a supplement to what those devices already were, but there was no revolution, where we dropped the old thing and went full bore on the new thing. Look at Kinect games and that silly looking Playstation thing with the big ball...nobody is breaking down doors to get those, and a vast majority of the games coming out today don't use them. The dog years thing was kinda silly, I had hoped it would explain my thoughts without having to type all this out.
Is revealing someone's porn name considered doxxing here?
I would think this would be half-decent for headless stuff, like a NAS or print server.
I feel like that has too many e's.
I feel so old now. Gonna go cry for a bit.
Maybe he needs more LSD.
What kinda donair? Halifax style?
Ouch. This will just "confirm" some people's narratives about how Google and Facebook are trying to control the world. I'm starting to think historians will look back on this period of history and call it the "Age of Bullshit".
Found it, it doesn't explicitly say it can control PowerAmp (although it does say Spotify). It does say it can run any app, does that mean I can pick any MP3 and have it play in the default player (which is PowerAmp for me)?
Thanks, I'd appreciate that. This is the only functionality I need from a smartwatch so it's critical that I make sure it'll work before I lay out the cash to buy one.
[Opinion] Android websites need to stop writing articles about how they wish they had iMessage.
Looking at the comments here, it seems like the BC Green's ought to change their name. The federal Green's weird ideas are hanging around their neck like a noose, and there doesn't seem to be any hope that they will be able to convince the majority that they don't agree with that by May.
Helps get rid of a nasty cough.
I'd go and see Agalloch again with my friend who died last year.
Maybe it's a plant, trying to remove the protesting population with diabetes.
My decision to grow a goatee 20 years ago is finally paying off.
Could of, would of, should of.
I run apps from /r/beermoney on my old phones. Every single one has paid for itself twice over, and I've made lots of profit past that.
How could we find out from here if the UK bookies really have an odds-on outcome?
If you feel the need to be convinced, I think you shouldn't do them. Trust your instincts.
Glad he won't be running next election. I like him, but this is just way too easy to skewer him with.
Perhaps we need to install toilets for each seat in the House. After all, there have been many politicians of all stripes in the BC Legislature over the years that were full of shit.
Out of the loop, what's Magisk?
His balls itch.
If you really wanted to, you could install a bootable SATA card that supports XP, and install it to a drive connected to that. Might be hard to find on PCI-express, if you have PCI that might help.
Your case is such an edge case, I can't link anything that will work for sure. You'll probably have to buy a few till you find one that works. Luckily you want older ones, so they'll be cheap used.
The pixels on the screen are the same. in your example (the math is easier), the 3840x2160 display still has all 3840 horizontal pizels, but it's doubling them up to achieve a virtual resolution of 1920x1080. On a Chromebook the native resolution never changes, only the scaling factor, whereas Windows or Linux can do either.
Well, it kills Shield Portable in that you can buy one new.
For Qualcomm, look for Qualcomm in your Qualcomm. | Qualcomm ^qualcomm.com
Wasn't there another recent study that showed second hand smoke in the air for minutes (10 or 15, something like that), and second hand vape only for 30 seconds?
It was, I suppose, looking back on it. I have dozens of horrific stories that would surely entertain others while retraumatizing me. It's not something I would wish on anyone, and I have great empathy for people who are in a similar place now as I was then.
Nope, it's an obscure model with no batteries available any more. If you don't believe me, search yourself...it's a Packard Bell EasyNote BG35, using a [A41-T32 battery](http://www.lovebattery.net/pic/201163017214563446.jpg). An A32-T32 battery would be even better, since it has more cells, but they are equally unavailable.
I don't know what half those words mean. I could be any one of them, except maybe Conservative.
I contacted them, they don't actually have any.
So, now it's *my* fault Alberta happens to sit on a ton of oil!?
Harassment is illegal in this country. Every square foot of Canada should be a harassment free zone, by law.
I like Lightspeed. They resell Telus DSL, but you can pay $5 a month for unlimited. I don't like having to keep track of data at home (it's bad enough on the phone!), so that's totally worth it for me to not have to. They are also only Telus as far as Vancouver...they have their own links there, stay up during some Telus outages, and have a lower ping than Telus. I pay $55.95 total for 25/5 unlimited.
Respect.
I love your idea about having all flight travel being under general anaesthesia. Turns air travel into time travel!
They aren't talking about a few shots, they want to base a whole series on it! That's a lot more indepth than a few shots. As for the walking tours, I'm pretty sure someone would notice if they saw the same guy taking the walking tour 20 times in a month, whereas some terrorist could watch the show hundreds of times and nobody'd be the wiser, till him and his buddies got in one day and did a London style suicide knife attack and killed Trudeau's wife and children (yes, I know he doesn't live there now, it's an example).
Well, I think the Americans made a poor choice putting that info online and unclassified. I don't think we need to mirror the Americans when they make poor choices. I do think having the revised layout (assuming they expand it) available to watch over and over again increases the chances of a successful suicide knife attack like London, and dramatically increases the risk to the people who live and work there. We could end up with a situation where the terrorists are more familiar with the new layout than the security people. Trudeau would be a fool to potentially risk the safety of his family for a reality show that accomplishes nothing but make a few bucks for some TV production company.
That's a silly argument. Just because a lot of different threats exist doesn't mean we should just throw up our hands and do nothing at all. And it certainly doesn't mean we should make it easy for them.
What's a sop? Pretty sure I'm disputing the idea that making a reality show out of the renovations at 24 Sussex is a smart thing to do.
No.
I don't see it, everything I have read, including this article, says kernel, drivers, and "inbox programs" (not sure what that means unless it means email apps) has to be native ARM code. We can't even get Lexmark and HP to write drivers for AMD64 for some printers, and that's what, 10 years old and compatible with what, 98% of computers in use?
I read something recently about glass batteries, that they had a potentially better range of operating temperature and higher energy density. If they pan out, perhaps the dynamics would change.
Seems to me it was trivial to recompile to AMD64, but try telling that to people with HP or Lexmark printers more than a couple years old.
It's been like 20 years, I may be mixing her up with Kitana.
It's gone, then. sdcard.org is the organization that sets the sdcard standard...if they can't fix it, it's done gone. Go for a quality card next time from a reputable seller...quality cards last longer, perform faster, and reputable sellers are less likely to sell you a fake.
You can be brutalized and not die. In fact the advanced medical technology available means some Bajorans who would certainly have died of their injuries, survived. Seska alluded to this happening in her lie about getting a bone marrow transplant from a Cardassian...if the Cardassians never treated Bajorans medically, this lie wouldn't be believable, and Seska wouldn't have used it. Also, we see Dukat using the dermal regenerator on Kira's mom. Now, his intentions were less than pure (as his often are), but it's another example of Bajorans getting advanced medical help. Maybe the percentage of people wounded and healed is high. For all we know there could have been only 10% fatalities over all the injuries inflicted by the Cardassians on the Bajorans. If that's the case 1.5 billion would have died if it weren't for advanced medical tech, and that's pretty brutal.
Sorry for the unpopular opinion. I left this market a couple years ago. I could build a fantastic computer for a gamer for $1000 (my cost), sell it to him for $1300 or so, and things would be great. Then it got so that the same specs could be had from Dell or some other OEM for $899. I can't get the same parts for less than $1000, since I don't buy 10,000 at a time. Sure, my $1300 build is better than a spec-identical $899 Dell; my build can be upgraded down the road, my build uses better-branded RAM and a better-branded video card, but people buying systems aren't thinking about down the road, they are thinking your build costs $400 more than Dell's, nearly 30% more. If you think you can make a go of it, then best of luck to you, really, but I wouldn't quit your day job.
Threaten draconian nationalization (say you'll use eminent domain or some ridiculously unfair stick; give them land values of their towers at lowest estimate and nothing at all for their spectrum), and threaten massively onerous regulation. I think the incumbent providers will suddenly be very interested in giving Canadians a deal that is more fair.
Have you seen a cell tower? There's nothing to them, they can't cost *that* much. A bunch of metal, some wires and antennae, some kind of box connecting the antennae to the wires in the ground. They aren't exactly rocket ships.
Neat link, second answer says he can do it for ~2000EUR.
Another great example of technically correct but misleading. Let's see if we can get some more!
Any guesses as to when this stuff might start happening? Are we waiting till fall for them to sit? I went to their website, and the calendar is blank going forward, only major holidays are listed.
Not all priests respect the seal of the confessional. If you get one of those, all bets are off. I stopped going to Confession when I was young when I caught my priest going to my mom and saying "Hey, guess what little Tired8281 told me?".
Service is a different matter, that's what I do too, now, and it's definitely still a market. Building systems isn't really feasible for a small business as the main thing, now that anyone can click a few clicks and have an undercutted system delivered to their door. Even breaking into service is tough, as it is a "who you know" kinda business. I've been doing it in my city for close to 20 years and I'm only just starting to get business from my reputation.
The people who would just stop working in this situation, aren't working now. They are either on assistance, or they work at a job when they can do well under the bare minimum to not get fired, and fuck the dog the rest of the time. We're better off replacing those people with people who want to work and have some kind of work ethic, than we are keeping them in positions that reduce overall productivity. Have you never worked with someone like this, who doesn't really do much work and always finds a way to get away with it? This solves that.
You're right, but you are also a wet blanket. Nobody is trying to poison anyone, and anyone who reports this is a bit of a dick, imho.
One of the busiest pedestrian sidewalks in Victoria, and they want to make it that much smaller!? Are we gonna walk on the bike lanes or the car lanes when the sidewalk is full? Pretty soon we're gonna need protected fucking pedestrian lanes, and they'll probably be in the middle of the car lanes, given how much sense the rest of this makes. Or better yet, an elevated pedway system costing millions of dollars...that sounds a lot more Helps.
epic joke fail, apparently
I wasn't trying to appeal to emotion. I was trying to speak as someone who lives downtown and doesn't drive, a group you said would be unaffected. Phalanxes of Asian kids, street people begging for change, old people with walkers, people in power chairs and scooters, plus all the people just walking somewhere, and it's hard to get through on the sidewalks downtown. Give it a try sometime. Then imagine them getting smaller. Edit: totally forgot about the giant groups of people waiting at bus stops on Douglas, Fort, and Yates, who act as if they own the entire sidewalk and get really offended if you interrupt their standing there to walk past them on the sideWALK.
Shill money, now wtf are you talking about? I think we both have some preconceived notions about one another that are getting in the way of having a proper discussion. UGH I HAVE TO WAIT is a cute way to dismiss my point, but you'll have to wait longer if they shrink the sidewalks. I don't see you counter that at all, in fact I saw you add points I missed that support my point, and I'm still waiting to hear how I am appealing to emotion.
I also don't see how modernizing and updating a sidewalk will increase flow, if it involves a decrease in size. It's like saying a new 1" diameter garden hose will pump more water than a 1.5" diameter one from 20 years ago. Yes, removing the cruft will help, but not all of it will be removed (lights and poles aren't going anywhere, garbage cans will still be around there somewhere, pretty much just bike racks and the outdoor seating some of the coffee shops have will be all they can remove, as well as that ridiculous wooden bench thing). What kind of modern updates can they do that will make a smaller area carry a larger amount of people? Not troll, I'd really like to know what makes a modern sidewalk so different.
Results are in! Using a bog standard AmazonBasics USB-C to USB3-A adapter, I was able to plug my first party wired 360 controller in to my CB+. It was recognized, showed up as a 360 controller in dmesg, and worked fine in RetroArch and GTA San Andreas. GTASA was actually kinda awesome, runs fine at max everything settings and looks great.
Exodus. After that, probably Bubbles.
Because someone else did and was successful. The same reason they do anything (other than things they think up themselves that are successful that other people copy). This is how innovation works, somebody innovates, everybody catches up, somebody else innovates the innovation, and we get from wheels to Windows apps.
Well, I was hoping I could avoid the boring parts and have some kind partisan Redditors give me the talking points.
QNAP's default setting for a fault, if you have it set up to notify you via Gmail, defaults to Gmailing you every 60 seconds. There is no way to change this setting. After Gmail sees you sending more than 500 Gmails, even to yourself, in 500 minutes of less, they figure you're a spammer and lock you out. Because sending the same email every 60 second is totally normal and doesn't look at all spammy. I was out of town, my QNAP wasn't set up for remote access (because I don't want to use it that way), so it spewed spam onto myself from myself for days, and eventually Google locked me out. I'm back in now, but I still can't send emails, (but can receive them at least).
The overwhelming majority of the shows I watch these days have 10-12 episode seasons. Event shows seem to only have 8. Perhaps it's a bias against normal network TV, which is less complex and can do more episodes in a single year. NCIS can pull it off, but 12 Monkeys or Med Men or Power (all shows I enjoy) are more complex and can't fit as many in. Edit: also, it's first-run-web, which is overwhelmingly not long seasons. 15 episodes is HUUUUGE for first-run-web.
Age Of Silence is kinda like that.
Cash for reviews, eh? Vapola? Shady.
Ok, long story but the background is important to the question. My Mom has a Chromebook, my stepdad a Windows laptop. Mom loves her Chromebook (I got her the Acer 15, the ultimate computer for a senior imo), but stepdad runs a few programs that just won't make the cut on ChromeOS, interfacing with his old Garmin GPS over serial, that sort of thing. Now, they both print from time to time, but he prints more often. The printer they have is a fairly old HP Laserjet that only has USB, no wireless or ethernet or scanning, basic basic. Now, my parents are no spring chickens, and they retired a long time ago, so they don't have the same kind of income they used to, and they have to make every penny count. So, I've been dragging this old HP printer into the future every few years whether it likes it or not. First, I got them a router with a USB port for printer sharing...turned out it didn't work natively but it worked with quirks on third party router firmware. That was all well and dandy, till Mom's Windows laptop died after nearly 11 years of daily service, and I got her a Chromebook. I hadn't considered printing when I chose, because she hardly ever does it, but it turns out she does it more often when I'm not around, so it's a hard requirement. My solution was to build a file and print server out of an old small form factor Core 2 Duo desktop PC...I put 1GB of RAM and a 500GB hard drive I had laying around into it, installed Windows 7 with a key I had from another project where it never got used, sadly after the free upgrade offer expired. I set up whatever hard drive Windows 7 didn't need as a network file share, and I connected the printer to it via USB, then shared it with regular Windows printer sharing for my stepdad, and simultaneously shared with Google Cloud Print for my Mom. Everything worked perfectly, and all was well for a time. After a few months, we started noticing how this small form factor PC that was being run insane, 24/7, like it was never intended to, was taking a toll. It was getting noisier and noisier every day....I replaced a couple of the fans in it, which helped for a month or so, but it kept coming back to the same problem. So, here's my question...what is the absolute smallest system requirement to get a very old legacy USB printer to work with Cloud Print. It would be nice if it could also accommodate my stepdad printing wirelessly from his Windows computer, and it would be very nice if it could expose 64 or 128GB of storage to a local network, like off a USB drive or microSD. Can I do something that checks off all of those boxes with like a Raspberry Pi or some other similar device, or do I need a dedicated PC like I'm doing now? It's the Google Cloud Print part I am unsure about. Thanks!
I'm not trying to condone or condemn anything, just trying to make sense of a very incomplete story. Obviously emotions were involved somehow.
The existence of the article is speculation, asking why they were being evicted. I bet ten other people in Greater Victoria were evicted today; nobody wrote any articles about them.
I don't even think there's one for PC. I'd love to be wrong!
YES! Source: had gigantic wisdom tooth removed. sniffed a bunch of 4f-mph, which always makes me kinda suck on my dentures. healing stuff popped out, dry sockey pain bad ouch
As a requirement for a covert mission to undertake regime change in a hostile area. Think that hit the official log?
It was asked that he be declared an expert BY A KLINGON!! That's like Stephen Hawking asking that you be declared an expert in physics.
I'm not sure how you could do this without adhesives. You could maybe do something on the bottom with the screws but there's no screws on the screen back. If you find something that does work, I would love to hear about it.
Can you use one? Yes, just confirmed a disc will read, using my (fairly ancient) Samsung external DVD burner via USB-C to USB-A hub. Can it play a PC game? No, this is ChromeOS, not Windows.
Cmon, now she's just trolling us.
"Hi, I'd like to file a report, Officer. I saw a man attempting to fix a computer."
I'm Canadian, is there somewhere we can opt out? We already made it illegal to discount web sites here.
I know this isn't what you want to hear, but it is what it is. It would never be allowed to happen, or it would be stopped by some sort of temporal interference. The full force and power of Starfleet would be brought to bear against the problem. Whether it was the Vulcans using time travel to go back a few billion years to correct a defect in the formation of the Sun, or if was Section 31 using a tractor beam to push Mars and all the Martian Colonies into the Sun to give it enough mass to avoid the disaster, something would happen in the last act to save the day. Earth is inviolate; any event worse than the Xindi attack would be stopped, before or after happening.
I got it at $419.00 a couple months ago, was worried about spending so much on a Chromebook but I think I got my money's worth.
There was similar dialogue in DS9's *The Ship*.
Piers Anthony's *Macroscope* has a similar mechanic. People aren't immortal, but there's a special beam that converts people to a liquid state for transport, then reconstitutes them when they arrive. Probably the best of Anthony's old stuff.
There's nowhere better than Earth, according to the majority of the crew of Voyager. It's paradise, according to Sisko. Even the nonhuman Starfleet officers on DS9 were affected by the Breen attack. There's no way they wouldn't pull out all the stops to stop it from happening. The temporal interference stuff is actually worse. As of current canon, we know your supernova doesn't happen, as far out as the 31st century. So, if it were to happen, it would have to be by temporal interference (a "you lose" button). But we know that Starfleet has crazy advanced time travel tech in the future, they'd notice if someone blew up Sol and destroyed Sector 001, and they'd send Captain Braxton to stop it from happening, and then they'd send Dulmur and Luxley to find out who was responsible and make sure they are stopped.
Any chance of a little warning next time before a crazy big UI change? I'm lucky I wasn't doing anything important this morning, I needed to change a setting and I was quite disoriented by the sudden change, took me a few to find what I was looking for. Next time, maybe put a little banner at the top, on the previous version, saying that the UI is going to change soon, click here for more info.
So I should switch my Chromebook to an unstable channel just to get some warning about a huge UI change? Screw that! I don't think a banner or something that ALL users will see is unreasonable when you are making such a large change.
And there is no way in which it limits me, I don't know where you got that from. It seems like you have assembled a strawman view of religion and are raging against that.
Well, I wasn't expecting it. If you were used to using Windows XP then suddenly you woke up one morning at an Arch command line, you'd be fucked up too.
I think it's financial. When they were making Voyager, they wanted Nick Locarno from The First Duty, but they didn't want to pay the writer of that episode for every Voyager episode they made, so they got the same actor but had him as a "different" (but essentially the same) character. Any new Star Trek set in the future of the previous shows is going to have to lean on some things that happened in the last 500 episodes, and they either have to pay the writers who originally wrote what they are leaning on, or risk being sued by them and having to pay even more. By going back, they have much less of that.
Again, I ask, who the fuck are you to decide what is right for me?
Your arrogance is astonishing. You don't get to control me, just as I don't get to control you.
puh-leez! Have you not been following the malicious compliance pattern of the Canadian cell providers? They will obey any rule given, but only in the way that makes them more money.
Now you're arguing with that strawman again. Why don't we just pretend he's not here, I'm over here, talk to me. I never once said magic was real. I said I derive comfort from choosing to believe something that is objectively unlikely to be so.
I think, short term, it means the end of subsidized prices. Want a new unlocked iPhone? No Prob, 2 year contract and $900 plz.
Please don't drive on LSD, or any drug. I'd really appreciate it.
I plan to test my assumptions. Just as soon as I'm dead, I'll know. And check my edit, I clarified the leap of faith you're making.
I'd be pretty surprised if they worked on anything that doesn't have nvidia silicon inside, like that HP from a couple years ago. They definitely won't work on anything x86, and ARM devices like the Chromebook Plus and Flip don't have nearly the graphics power the Tegra has, even an older Tegra K1.
Except they've been talking about Christy raiding BC Hydro for quite some time, before the election.
We've already had more warm days this year than we did that year. It was rarely 20+ that year, maybe once or twice before Sept.
Aww, NBC discovered LSD. :)
What is this song about? Is it just a song or is there a story behind it?
Ya know....I bought a Windows tablet, back when Microsoft announced that the upcoming Windows 10 would have support for Android apps. Good tablet, spent over $400 on it, month or so after the return window ended, Microsoft said, oh, wait, no Android apps. So, when Google said, Hey, we're giving Chromebooks Android apps, I damn well waited till there was one that had them out of the box. Don't buy on Maybe.
The banks should pay some of their record profits on a fund to bail themselves out when they need it. Starting 150 years ago!
Wonder how cheap we could build our own Apollo 11 these days.
Perhaps, but my CB+ does it fantastically, too.
It's more like the British will get rid of the monarchy before we will.
Funny that you think it's about dickwaving, when I was obviously trying to illustrate that households with more devices would use up more bandwidth, and that a smaller number of devices might not require enough bandwidth to saturate a gigabit fiber connection. But don't let me interrupt your reducing my observation to the crassest possible form.
Why the downvotes? Is this some kind of taboo subject?
For me, they fill in the tiny gaps between a Chromebook and a full-fledged OS. Things like FTP and SMB sharing (yes, I know it's *possible* to do that with Chrome apps, but the existing ones suck compared to the existing Android apps). I don't see any reason they are a bad idea, just that some users might not have much need for them.
That and sharing internet with the family upstairs.
It helps them that The Good Fight is actually really good. It's basically a reboot of The Good Wife, with a lot of the recurring characters that made it so charming.
Duh...in the future. Ever notice the future never gets here, cuz when it does it's the present?
To breathe?
Come to any decently sized city in BC and try to find a doctor (except the ones that /u/twoheadedcanadian uses). Hint: you won't. If you're in medical trouble, your only choices will be a six hour wait at a walk-in clinic (and if you won't accept a brown doctor, you're probably not going to be seen at all that day, see ya tomorrow if you survive), or a 12-18 hour wait in the ER (they won't kick you out at closing time, but unless you are covering the floor with blood or screaming in agony, if you walked in on your own two feet you're the lowest priority).
Invalidating everyone's votes from May 9th by calling another election in the summer (when people go on vacation) is another form of voter suppression. Choose your poison.
Come to Victoria and try that. Not hyperbole at all.
Better? It's been discussed many times that BC has a doctor shortage, and pretending that isn't so doesn't help anyone.
This should be fraudulent, partisan campaigning using our tax dollars. Lock her up!
This is the longest vaguebook I ever saw. Be specific or gtfo.
Moving the goalposts, now, I see.
Well, I only used Apple in my post as a random company that can afford a large acquisition. Obviously people have latched onto the Apple and missed the point. Edit: and I'd say Trek has remained relevant for 50 years *in spite of* CBS, not because of it.
I forgot the irrational hate-on people seem to have against Apple. I humbly beg your forgiveness Reddit. Seems you missed my point completely anyways. Trek would do just fine without an established content producer behind it. Look at *Continues* then imagine that with legitimacy and a budget.
I never said it would be good TV coming from Apple. Jesus, quit projecting your shit onto me! My entire point was that somebody should buy the damn thing from CBS. Take that point away from my post then fuck off with the rest of your anti-Apple shit.
So, because they did OK in the 80's and 90's, we have to forgive how they fucked it up for almost 20 years after? That's like saying "Vote Trump, because Reagan was OK".
Your cognitive dissonance is showing yet again. A few comments back you talked about the 500 hours of Trek CBS had made and how it was, now you're saying Enterprise was and would continue to have been a failure. And I disagree that it's a fallacy...Manny Coto has an excellent track record on other shows, and he was the primary reason season 4 was so good. I'm confident in saying there would have been several more seasons of awesome Enterprise under Coto if CBS had given him a chance, but they gave him a death slot and a predecided outcome.
It'd probably mean NDP giving up the Island altogether. I wouldn't mind an all-Green island, with a mostly orange and a bit red mainland.
Thirty days "in the community". Basically he'll need a dealer who delivers for the next month.
I bet you feel like a real badass now, having shown some random person on the internet how much better you are than they.
I was hoping someone would pick up on that. Preferably someone female and in the Starbucks here with me, but I guess you'll have to do.
LMFAO!
I think the "being in the same place as me" is going to be the tougher criteria. I think around 50% of the world are women, and most of them would want to alleviate my wood if they got to know me. ;)
They name one app, already removed. Ars Technica is reporting over 100 apps, although they won't name any names, as always. Why won't anyone publish a list of these affected apps? Is there some good reason I can't see to protect these disgusting malware purveyors by not naming and shaming?
Benzos are all the same to me, a tool to alleviate anxiety and sometimes to help attaining sleep. The only difference I feel from them is how long they last or what the dosage is. I don't get any euphoria from any of them, just anxiolysis and hypnosis.
First of all, I was using DXM before you were born. There is nothing wrong with talking about sex. There is something wrong with reducing women to sex objects. When you grow up, maybe you'll see the difference.
https://erowid.org/library/books_online/tihkal/tihkal21.shtml Here's it's entry from TIHKAL. Note the word "metocin" appears no where.
Whatever dude. Someone in this thread was kind enough to post a link to a drug subreddit where mature people are, I think I'm gonna go there. It's kinda exhausting talking to teenagers who know all and see all.
I gave up trying to convince my friends to try any of the RCs I get. Fentanyl is so bad here, everyone jumps straight from "synthetic drug" to "toxic fentanyl" without thinking the majority of drugs in their medicine cabinet are synthetic and that natural shit can kill you, too. I don't even talk about them any more, because they keep trying to convince me to give up "that synthetic shit that's gonna kill you next time for sure" and switch to heroin, because "it's natural, it comes from a plant", even though 90% of the heroin here is actually fentanyl. The irony would be amusing if it didn't involve so much death.
They gave me 8mg lorazepam when they took all my teeth out for dentures. And it worked, I only remember a few minutes of it, but went through three hours of music on my headphones.
I know! And it was Canadian politics, so it wasn't even entertaining, yet something compelled me to watch it for four straight hours.
&gt; McDonald's gives away $1million in it's Monopoly game Not back then. It was a scam for many years.
The mastermind at work! LMFAO!
I wouldn't bother, I got a screenshot.
It is a failing in Kodi that it can recognize a music video as music, but not a TV movie as TV. File a bug, it's a missing feature.
Not happening. Nothing you could say or do could convince me you are legit. Check out /r/beermoney if you really want to get a gaming keyboard...do some shit from there for a few weeks, if you're new at it, you'll make a couple hundred bucks worth of Amazon pretty quick, and you won't need to scam anyone.
I don't have the ability to comprehend that, either. I'm (so very very very slowly) working my way through a bag of 5-MeO-DMT, but IV must be on a whole other level. Frankly, I'm glad I don't like needles, I'd probably be in a bad way if I ever broke that psychological barrier.
I think it was Creepy Uncle Tom. Any Canadians who follow politics will know who I'm talking about. There was something about him, almost Lovecraftian, like there was something truly evil behind that plastic smile.
Needs a UI with an updater.
At one time I considered altering all my DVD rips to sub the end music for the theme. I decided it would be easier to just clip the theme out entirely.
I don't understand why he isn't super-famous. He's an amazing actor. He was also in Voyager for one episode with The Rock and the guy who played Martok.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I hope you did just get an unlucky bad one. I hadn't even thought of my charger going bad and now the idea horrifies me, what with so many bad type-c chargers out there, I really don't wanna go there.
The small part of me that once was a math nerd is conspiring with the small part of me that has OCD to make that really bug me.
I'm not convinced it would have worked. The Collective would have adapted, isolated off the invasive program and self-destructed affected drones, and life goes on. All we have to say that it was a slam dunk was Geordi's word, and he's hardly an expert in the Borg...he was the best they had at the time, but Seven or basically anyone on Voyager has forgotten more about the Borg than Geordi ever knew.
I tried to read them, but I got stuck in the timeline somehow. They wrapped up the plot from the Golden novels, then they jumped ahead of some books I hadn't read and am unclear which ones I need to read to get back on track. Is there somewhere I can find a recommended reading order for all the Pocket novels since they made everything so serialized?
We had these for years, ever since they did branching DVDs. They were never popular.
Narcan is horribly unpleasant. It produces instant withdrawal, which is the very thing the addicts use the drugs to prevent. You are correct about fent being the case for the rise in ODs. People have a tendency to reduce people they disapprove of to subhuman levels, as if they wouldn't be a rational actor in their own interest. This is where urban legends like this one take hold, because it's easy to believe they are actually trying to kill themselves if you already think they are subhuman.
I suppose, hypothetically, they could be using it as a powdered lubricant in some other kind of engine.
Maybe if we'd had vaping in the early 80's, things might have been different, but he just couldn't get off the smokes.
I find the bluetooth antenna to be a bit weak, but that's the only issue I have, and I went all-in on Bluetooth 4, so that's probably why, it's choking on my BT4 keyboard, mouse, headphones, and gaming controller. edit: plus the bluetooth peripherals for all my other devices, maybe it's not the antenna, it's me.
chromebrew gives you a sort of apt-get, might be of some help in your situation. Sorry to be so vague, I don't use it myself, but I remember reading about it and I thought it might be helpful in your situation.
I added to my advice that the newbie ought to read everything, even topics he's not interested in during his lurking period. Sometimes the conversation drifts from the original topic and to useful info about something different, or he might find that he becomes interested in that thing he wasn't into now, and then he'll be pre-equipped to deal with it. More information is always good, unless it's inaccurate.
Do you really think this will finish them as a party? that does seem to be what happens in BC when a dynastic government finally gets replaced, they collapse into nothingness, and all the people go to form the same party with a new name.
But, the fast ferries!
You can do music without drugs. Devin Townsend did it, and now he does his best stuff sober. You can do it, too, just don't give up on the music. Eventually your muse will return in a different form.
It could be worse. A bunch of important people in my life have had the poor timing to die on or around my birthday. Enough that I can't celebrate it any more, it feels like I am pissing in the face of my dead family and friends by celebrating living another year when they didn't.
I will read them all, eventually. Hopefully in the proper order. ;)
Why? The BC Liberals have a long and storied history of turning on a dime after an election. Have we all forgotten the HST already?
If only I could get more $20 phones that support it. Even my daily driver phone only does 2.4, and 2G, but it's from China.
I could probably upgrade my immediate neighbours to all 5GHz equipment and turn a profit doing it from the increased 2.4 BW for my beermoney phones.
It's fun to go back, isn't it? I rewatch all Trek at least twice a year, but I usually have it on when I'm working at home.
But they're gonna cost more, they'll just roll the $50 into the selling price. So, not all sunshine and roses.
Nothing low key about it. I'd say this is bigger than the 60's. Now we have RCs, the Darknet, all sorts of options.
The headline struck me kinda funny, so I read the article out loud in the voice of Ziltoid the Omniscient, and I must say it improved it dramatically. I added in a few "Fetid"'s here and there for effect.
I can confirm that nasal spray made with drug water gets you way more high than just snorting the powder. It must absorb quicker. I think that's what caused the compulsive redosing...I was doing two sprays per nostril (5mg per spray), every 10 minutes for a while. It was almost like they talk about crack.
Maybe you should quit yapping about things you know nothing about. The doctors in question did this to a lot of people, and ended up being punished for it. They didn't refuse to treat him because they were needed elsewhere, they did so because they felt entitled to play God.
You could ask this about every drug we speak of here. But you shouldn't.
Even if you do, you will still get SD content. So much mislabeled stuff, I can't count the number of times a video that was labeled 720p was actually more like 352p.
you must be super young, all canadian area codes had 0 or 1 in the middle for a long long time till very recently
How about an iPod? iflash.xyz has adapters that can expand the capacity considerably...how much music do you have?
No. The dosages required are too high.
Doubtful, most subreddits have downvote trolls. Somebody got hurt or insulted here once time, and now it's their mission in their sad life to downvote everything here. No way to know who it is, and no way to stop them.
haha, but this is not like some agreement to not drive when the light is red, this is a major world power, signing some ridiculous piece of paper, saying they won't do it anymore, really, they won't. It's not worth the paper it's printed on. To paraphrase a line from a really good show I watched this week..."From now on, apologies will be taken in cash.". We need clear and substantial penalties for any and all future infractions, serious enough to deter a major world power like China, or this is a useless fucking joke.
Not acceptable. They need to stop, or we need to make them stop. Simple as that.
No one will listen to my insights. I've given up bothering to try to communicate them.
I think I spelled it correctly.
Funny you should be encouraging me, since my insights are basically the opposite of yours. I think technology will save us. Once we understand the brain better, we'll be able to alter our consciousness with the touch of a button (and, more critically, be able to alter it back or have someone around us do so, when we need to be safe). When we get there, the ultimate psychedelic revolution will begin, and spiritual awakening will be democratized.
I don't know. I wish I had all the answers. I just know this isn't it. Edit: [This](https://www.reddit.com/r/CanadaPolitics/comments/6jhgt0/china_agrees_to_stop_conducting_statesponsored/djek4zb/) comment to another poster who asked the same questions has some musings of mine on the topic.
You're forgetting about the internet. We no longer need the approval, or even the involvement of the power structures. We are working on this shit now, around the world, in spite of them. And it's closer than you think. Ever heard of the God Helmet?
And to be clear, technology is just the activating vector, to access the capabilities we already have. Meditation can do it, so can drugs, but they aren't accurate or perfectly defined and subscribed. Technology can get there, allowing anyone to unlock these things within themselves, the first try, instantly.
As if you could leave the property during school hours. Down the road might as well be a million miles away to a grade school kid.
Pretty sure I said the first one doesn't stand up to a second thought; the second one didn't either. I don't know the answer, I just know this isn't it.
Hell no! We don't wait for some organization. We develop it ourselves! And the reason to rely on technology is the democratization. What you describe requires work, and time, and experience, things not everyone is willing to invest. When enlightenment is available to everyone, instantly, that's when our world will really change.
We're missing the really interesting stuff. Pornhub beats CNN. On average, people spend nearly a minute a day waiting for short links on Twitter to load. Yahoo is still in the top 10(!). People average a little over 2 minutes a day on Netflix, must be some awful short films on there.
If she's been in there for two years, it might be time to talk to the doctor about inducing, or a C-section.
Disingenuous to state China's military and Canada's without considering a certain neighbour of ours to the south. I highly doubt they'd twiddle their thumbs if China tried to use that military power against us.
&gt; the assumption was we Canadians would be the aggressor and invade China to force them to stop cyber attacking us. That wasn't my assumption, so who are you talking to?
I find the sun really hurts my eyes on DXM. I think it has some effects on pupil dilation, like it's not fast enough adjusting or something. Whatever you do, make sure there's some shade available closeby. Also fluids, you probably won't notice if you dehydrate, so bring a bunch of water and have a swig every time you think of it.
Could you elaborate on your question a bit?
You want to inject PEG-400!?
There'll be a ring on it. Unless you like bars with warm beer, condensation is gonna collect on the outside of the glass, roll down the side of the glass, and collect on the coaster in the shape of a ring. I can't fucking believe I have to explain this.
Seems like that would give some weight to my observations about what bars are like on the inside, wouldn't it?
I'm not the one digging through people's histories to find things to use against them.
I don't buy it. You had to scroll through pages of reddit comments to find my drug posts, since I haven't made any posts about my personal use in several days. You were digging for shit to use against me, and now you found it. Why do that, if not to attack me?
I've read every word you said. You made yourself very interesting to me when you brought unrelated history into this discussion about coasters.
Again with the attacks. I must have struck a nerve.
Nastiest smelling shit I ever had, I can't imagine injecting it, just from the smell.
Not really, at least not like you think. All the code leaked was already out there. It's just that the leaks aren't under NDA.
Like, in Google Docs? I hadn't noticed, don't do that kinda work. I can check for you. In PDFs it's great, even 100+ page PDFs with lots of pictures. If you have a specific document that's safe to post, post it here or PM it to me and I'll check it.
If we can have a groundhog that predicts the future, we can have a Monarch that does nothing except embody tradition.
Pertussis SUCKS! Even though I was vaccinated for it, I got it anyway when I was little, and it forever changed how my cough sounds. I think there must have been something wrong with my vaccines, since I got Scarlet Fever when I was young, also.
And you can just do that, bill them and they have to pay? They can't just bury you in lawyers, or feign good faith?
Lightspeed's never blamed Telus, but I have been told by Telus installers that they have to play games, as you say.
I think the diseases just liked me. I got chicken pox (worst case my doctor ever saw, I'm told), meningitis and crazy allergies, too. I was kinda a disaster zone till around age 8.
So, what's his position on jamaharon?
Feign deep concern. "Wow, that cough sounds bad, I think we should get you checked out right away! Hello, 911, my coworker First and Last name seems to be having trouble breathing, can you send someone right away?"
Possibly silly question...I was setting up a friend's Galaxy S5 yesterday with a custom ROM, and I notice the OpenGapps Super Package contains the "Project Fi by Google" app. Does installing this let you use arbitrary phones on Fi? Or is it just something Open Gapps installs that only works on the proper phones?
I thought they used "aircraft" to monitor speed. Isn't there signs to that effect? They should just get a few drones; they're not that expensive anymore and would catch almost any infraction...they'd pay for themselves pretty quick.
Why not? There hasn't been a new season of Liar's Club since 1989!
I hate typing with the remote. Why can't I just type Z and have it scroll down to the Z's, like every other app? Why can't we have a scrollbar on the side, like every other app? Why can't scrolling accelerate when you do it for a long time, like every other app?
Until it floated to the beach, and some drunk guy opened it and pissed in it.
Yes, sterile, only contains a whole bunch of metabolites of the drugs the drunk pisser guy was on, some of which will be active. Hope your fentanyl tolerance is up there, otherwise you're rolling the dice with your life. edit: Maybe you'll get lucky, and drunk pisser guy was an acidhead. A good chunk of that passes through to urine unchanged, so free trip for you, all you have to do is drink some random guy's urine. Have fun!
I prefer multiple use Oreos. Better for the environment.
I bet ChromeOS misinterpreted your click as a drag, when they all were highlighted, then you clicked again and it removed the highlighting and only played the one the mouse was over. Happens to me every day, ChromeOS misinterpreting a click as a drag, seems like their threshold of mouse movement is less than other operating system, as I have this problem with every mouse in ChromeOS and the same mice don't exhibit that behaviour on Windows, MacOS, or various Linuces.
Do you want to be legally liable if the app fucks up and adds a zero to a fentanyl dosage? Your friends are smart.
If the reason makes no sense, it's probably not the real reason.
Have you gotten in touch with the Unified Remote developers? They've added support for every weird media player I've asked them to, I bet they could do something for ChromeOS. Edit: Save them some time and send a list of ChromeOS keyboard shortcuts, they're more likely to help if you make it easy for them.
Also, you need to adjust your attitude. If you are counting every ad that plays and expecting every single one to pay out, you are going to be sorely frustrated with beermoney activities in general and should quit right now. I've seen people with spreadsheets, trying to make sure they get every penny they are entitled to. The bottom line is, these sites have the power. What are you gonna do? You have to accept that some portion of your earnings are just not gonna come. Now, I'm not talking about cashouts, I'm talking about "hundreds, if not thousands of unpaid Honey Dollars for advertisements I have watched through TVGlee and MatchedCars". If you let that get to you, this will become impossibly frustrating, as the advertisers are utterly untrustworthy. They just don't pay sometimes and you have to suck it up, that's it. You're not gonna sue the site, and sending tickets (still not talking about missed cashout, fight like hell for them) for a missed 0.1HD$ ad will get ignored at best and put you on a bad ticket list at worst. Don't worry about the pennies, and know that you're accepting a raw deal. Only then can you have the perspective and expectations that will serve you well in this hobby.
I gotta admit, the points are ultimately meaningless, but it gave me a bit of ego boost knowing over ten thousand people liked my joke.
I have found that ChromeOS is fussy about Wifi. Some channels work great, some, not so much. I haven't found out what the rhyme or reason is, but I managed to get about 2/3 of the speed my Wifi should be (not from speedtests but from copying files to and from my dual gigabit 4-bay NAS, which should be able to accept files as fast as any wifi can send them and send files as fast as any wifi can receive them) by putting dd-wrt on my router and leaving almost everything at default (obviously not the ssid and such, but all advanced settings). The more I fiddle with settings, I can make the connections look better in Status but perform worse in reality. The defaults don't look as good as they actually are.
That's easy for you to say, when the rules don't apply to you.
&gt; religious mumbo jumbo Avis finds your lack of faith disturbing.
Sometimes when drug users lie, it's not them talking, it's the drugs. Take him up on the pro help offer, and get him away from his druggie friends. He fucked up large, but the fact that you're here asking us and not packing your bags means the relationship is salvageable. Relapses are a part of recovery, and you knew going in that you were with a user. Protect yourself, but don't throw away what could be wonderful if you both work at it. Make sure he knows that this is it, the final chance of all final chances, for your own protection.
Wait till you see my final rules. Those kind of posts will not be tolerated, but won't be banned either. That post exactly would be locked and referred to /r/researchchemicals or /r/stims, depending on how I felt about it, or I might not lock it and let the other users do the job of communicating to OP how that's not quite what we 're here for. I want to share knowledge of dosages and effects, which isn't appropriate for your sub (you convinced me of that yourself). I feel like the more data points we do get on ingestion, duration of effects, dose-response curve, etc, the more conclusions we can come to (since pro scientists can't or won't touch this shit for fear of their jobs), which can only narrow down things for everyone. I want the sub to be pointed in the direction of acquiring useful knowledge, and I want our wiki to be the one that everyone links to because of its breadth and accuracy about human doses and consumption, and their effects on human body in detail. Tall fucking order, I know, and it'll probably take me five years to get to there, but I will. I'd love it if you joined up and shared your knowledge (although don't hold your breath about a mod position, your "research" stories are desperately welcome; use an alt if you wanna keep everything separate). I'm not gonna fight with you guys anymore, and this offer of working complementary to one another has no expiry date. My only interest in increasing the number of us researchers (aka, stopping it from decreasing due to death), and boldly sharing all our data. If you are dead set against working complementary, I will add a rule not to link to your sub. It's all up to you.
There totally was a misunstanding. I woke up and before coffee things weren't as I expected and I flipped out. I am an asshole (that's rule #6, in fact, I'm a capricious asshole)and have the self awareness to admit it, and I'm sorry for my part. Behind us it is. And yeah, once I build out (give me a week to get a layout and CSS, this is my first attempt at starting a sub for actual people to use), send HC Canadians my way, that's precisely what it's for. You should reddit request this sub and redirect it to yours.
*Alias Grace* wasn't good enough for you?
Charge it
They did. Alias Grace was fantastic...a well budgeted, truly Canadian story about an event that happened while we were still forming as country, and whose ramifications continued well after 1867. A CBC-Netflix coproduction.
Alias Grace.
You didn't the think $25 was actually free, did you? Oh, you poor sweet summer child....
If your business can't handle a sudden cost increase for a certain supply, be it peaches, flour, or wages, you shouldn't be in that business. You have some experience running a restaurant now, close this one and open something else more popular.
They lie to everyone for like 20 years about the price of bread, and you think they won't lie about collecting email addresses for spam?
Probably true, makes it all taste like disgusting nutmeg.
I didn't mean to be so accusatory. I just meant that this looks like it ought to be the simple fix for connecting an old Firewire device to a PC, or for using Firewire networking over a usb cable (like your example, which would require a female to female USB cable, which I've *definitely* never seen.), but the scam goes so much deeper than you're understanding. This is the small adapter version of opening your new sealed Xbox One and finding two red bricks and some dirty napkins inside instead...a total scam from the very beginning, and good for no use whatsoever, no matter how creative. I know how you feel...I had something I was doing one time, and I needed a USB male to USB male cord to make it work. I saw one on ebay for a buck or so,and I bought it. and it was exactly as I described above, the right two connectors, completely unconnected, covered in hard-to-remove resin underneath the plastic. And I was pissed, but it was a buck or so, no great financial loss, and I didn't pursue it. These Ass-wad-shit-brained-fuckheads count on idiots like me who give them free money for their bullshit fake crap. You may have noticed I have a lot of anger about this scam...it's not at you, who I'm hoping is too smart to get sucked in, it's at the scammer, who get people to hope there's an easy solution to difficult problems.
Lots of people who read the book thought it might make a decent movie. It's too bad they never got around to trying that.
Maybe you're one of those "predictors of failure" people. I read somewhere that certain people have a strong preference for things that bomb. I'm one, a predictor of failure. Every new show I like gets canceled by Christmas.
To me, it's Shield,s biggest value, and hard to explain to people. "What? They fix bugs, of course they do!". " No, they actual actually *fix* them, in a time timely manner.
I think you are confusing an alternate universe with an alternate timeline. The Kelvinverse is an alternate universe, things changed when Nero came back, and everything that happened from the no diverges. As you say, every zygote would be different (except Kirk, he was pretty much in the can by the time Nero arrived) and none of the characters we are familiar with would be born from that point on (big question mark about Chekov, but we won't get into that here, would make a good question on it's own). There will be no Kelvinverse Picard (sorry, dreamers and fanfic writers). The Mirror Universe is an alternate timeline. That's subtly different from an alternate universe. As someone said "All the right players are here, but everyone seems to be playing different roles.". There's something that binds the two together, so that although the actions and the dispositions of the characters are all different, they keep marrying (or fucking) the same people and producing mostly the same children. I would say the difference is that an alternate timeline is one where small changes (who's a prick and who's not, etc) can cancel each other out, so the two can be developed similarly, as opposed to an alternate universe which is nothing like ours (think the Borg's changes to Earth in First Contact, or the destroyed Earth Daniels' tool Archer to in *Shuckwave*...there's no going back from those without a reset button).
And would you consider it grounds for a ban for life!?
They muted me from modmail, for no reason whatsoever given. My only hope is to post my story in a variety of Canadian subs on the off chance that a second mod from there might see my story and take a look into it, as this was obviously the action of a single mod, and seems to be a very personal reaction. I don't know why, I've never spoken to this person before, and I don't want to be the fallout of whatever bad day he or she is having.
I did find it suspicious how quickly my post critical of Tim Horton's got me a lifetime ban. Perhaps /u/issachar has something going with Timmie's, I've noticed him or her defending them in other posts.
You come across as pretty sane and level headed...where do you go to discuss Canadian politics?
Downvoters, google 'Africville'. Everything I said is 100% true, just simplified for humour.
Thank whoever you never got into Robert Jordan. He was bang-on, sharp as a tack, for the first six books. The seventh was almost to the level of the sixth (which was the best at that point, they got significantly better every one till that point), but you could tell he was juggling too many plot threads and it was dragging out the narrative. He started floundering around book 9...it was still good but much slower paced, a lot of focus on boring plotlines, and didn't seem to know what direction it was going. 10 was a bit more focused, but 11 was not. It probably didn't help that he was dying by then. He died pretty quick but not before giving copious plot notes to his editor/wife and another author, Brandon Sanderson, who finished the series (and gave it a huge jolt of direction...a lot of the superfluous plots were tied up quickly and we finally started feeling progress towards an epic ending (which we got in spades, but from a different author after an eight year wait). Edit: Imagine GRRM being hit by a bus (God forbid), and Stephen King was asked to complete the series from his notes. Great to have an ending but you always wonder how close to what the original author intended.
Don't think of it like that, you're reading the best writing of this phase of the series now until about a third, maybe halfway through ACoS. And even when things do slow down, sometimes they go back up to 11 out of nowhere. *Winter's Heart* is the only one I really felt was a true slog, like he could cut most of the book, redistribute a few things to the book before or after, and the series would have been better for it.
I guess it's different for me, having already gone through the longer and longer waits for a book in a series with WoT, I'm waiting to read the ASoIaF books after the show ends (and for that matter, I never watched the show till this season, so there was lots to catch up on) and all the books are complete. I don't want to be kept hanging, or even risk it.
I'm aware of all that, but thank you for the slightly condescending reminder. It's unfortunate that his medical condition affected his writing abilities (damn unfortunate), but it'd be silly to claim his writing didn't go downhill for a bit (with moments of greatness). It got better with Crossroads Of Twilight, though, so I don't think his medical condition was 100% the reason. I think it also had to do with how genuinely vast the world he created was, and that he was having trouble juggling it all. I'm a WoT superfan, and even I have to sometimes look up who a minor character was, to refresh my own memory, and I'm not suffering from any disease (God forbid).
Interesting. I thought book 4 was the weakest of the first bunch, although still very good (and better, given a second read after the last ones, seemed to make more sense), but sometimes I'll reread just 5 &amp; 6, I enjoy them so much. The glue on my copies of 5 and 6 has lost it's whatever, so the cover of the book just falls off in a single piece in perfect shape, and the books remain bound with just the glue.
Dumai's Wells saved that book. I could watch *Ass* from Idiocracy, if it had a very well done Dumai's Wells scene at the end.
Shit, I'm sorry I spoiled you. Just remember, the good parts are so good that the bad parts are worth it.
That means a neutral net, but it also means no mobile Netflix for anyone that is not in the 1% in Canada. Our buckets are too small. What use is a neutral net if nobody can afford to do very much with it, is it just so people can pat themselves on the back and go back to the status quo of fat cats at the telcos, squeezing us for pennies?
I'd kill for that in Victoria, and we don't even have Rogers internet.
What handling was that? Literally the very first thing I heard about Into Darkness, while the first one was ending it's theatre run, there were a ton of rumours that Khan would be in it. Then one day, they denied it and the rumours stopped dead, which usually means it's true and they gave the reporter something to shut up about it. After that, they would occasionally be asked about Khan, they'd always deny. It was just like Lost. five years of "they totally didn't die in the plane crash, how ridiculous is that?" followed by "they totally all died in the plane crash". Except they only lied to our faces for what, three years this time? I enjoy some of their work, but I wish they'd quit pretending the people that watch their shows are so stupid.
I really wanted Saru to have the goatee, except made out of threat ganglia that come out when *he's* threatening someone, and have him be the heavy. The 'beaten dog' portrayal is disappointing as hell, suggesting the Kelpians in the MU would have been annihilated as a race a long time ago. He did toss what's-his-face like a toy though so maybe he's got that coming.
The 'bible' for the series called them Tarrasque's, after the [D&amp;D monster.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarrasque_\(Dungeons_%26_Dragons\)). I believe the first novel used that name as well, for the scenes written in Saru's POV (which are fabulous and make the novel a must read, the show only ever gives us Burnham's POV). Makes sense why he's so thin, if I saw one of those coming I'd be shitting my drawers.
How do you interpret the ending then? They all just decide to go to church, even the dead ones, one day?
It is. I've been rewatching from the beginning after each episode, to see if I missed anything or noticed anything new. It's starting to take me half the week to find time to watch them all before the next one comes out. I swear I'll be able to perform the Battle Of The Binary Stars as a one man play soon.
Uh, Spock? Wasn't his Jesus impression the subject of like three movies?
Like, say, Arne Darvin from 50 years ago?
Likely because of the readings they got from Tyler. When he and the doctor spoke, they agreed the injuries might have been from torture. Now that the cat is out of the bag, those readings go into the almighty Starfleet Database for McCoy to refer to later. They never did really elaborate on Darvin besides his being surgically altered, and that he still looks human nearly a century later (and not like one of those 60 year old actors that had plastic surgery in their 30's that's all messed up now). Mystery solved.
When your best scientists keep getting murdered by shittier scientists who are stronger/faster/better at killing than they are at science, you don't progress as quickly. Also you have to start from scratch a lot. I doubt they've advanced much from the Defiant, even after this much time.
You should watch the last season of TNG. Geordi calls him out on his attitude, and he quits Starfleet after doing what he could to fuck up Worf executing the captain's orders. It's only because conflict between the mains was prohibited for TNG that he didn't go up for inciting the fight. Oh, and before he got into Starfleet, he hadn't quite had a grasp on *The First Duty*. He very nearly did get kicked out of Starfleet, and everyone did hate him, there.
There's a whole group of Hollywood creative types that sort of "go together", as in they frequently collaborate on different things in different combinations. JJ Abrams is one of them, he's the connection. But all of them do the lying thing, and frankly it's insulting. And the worst of it is, unless you notice the pattern, you don't know you've been lied to until after they have taken your money to see their film. I'm sick of it, if you need to lie to people to get them in the door, maybe you need to figure out how to write better stories or how to keep your mouth shut.
There's lie, damn lies, and statistics. They are talking about averages. The outliers that have 25 different Gold Cards, all with $500,000 limit maxed out, make the majority of people who are not serial fraudsters or addicts of some kind look bad.
I live downtown in one of the worst hit cities in the world, so I'm front and center. I'm also a current drug user who had the amazing luck to not really like any of the opiates he ever tried except pharma oxy, and I didn't like it enough to rush out and get more. Lots of my friends in the group were regular injection opiate users, I just wasn't one of them...I'd smoke a bit, puke for 5 hours then regret I'd ever done it.
Opiates aren't my thing at all (yes, I'm still here, because harm reduction is my thing, for any user, and I want to stay informed about fent and naloxone and test strips and all that..). I like percs when they are prescribed to me, but I never go over to the dark side, and my doctor is willing to prescribe me percs when I actually need them...he trusts me to use them mostly responsibly and I try to remain worthy of that trust. I've never been addicted to opiates, but I know so many that have. I'm not a typical drug user, I use different drugs so I don't get stuck on one, and I appreciate the sober world as yet another trip.
1-[2-(4-Aminophenyl)ethyl]-4-phenyl-4-piperidinecarboxlic acid ethyl ester Ethyl 1-(2-(4-aminophenyl)ethyl)-4-phenyl-4-piperidinecarboxylate ethyl 1-(4-aminophenethyl)-4-phenylisonipecotate Ethyl 1-(P-aminophenethyl)-4-phenylisonipecotate N-(beta-(P-Aminophenyl)ethyl)-4-phenyl-4-carbethoxypiperidine N-beta-(P-Aminophenyl)ethylnormeperidine N-β-(p-aminophenyl)ethylnormeperidine C22H28N2O2
They are the same people downvoting every post here.
Jesus, same page you linked "Anileridine is a synthetic opioid and strong analgesic medication. It is a narcotic pain reliever used to treat moderate to severe pain. Narcotic analgesics act in the central nervous system (CNS) to relieve pain. Some of their side effects are also caused by actions in the CNS." You didn't even read your own link.
But everyone else can repeat them same interpretation to me, but I can only state it once? Confused. Can we take this to PM so you can explain it to me in more detail so I can understand without further derailing this thread? Please, I no you're under no obligation to do so.
Not a total surprise, as they haven't made it in many years, most people who weren't prescribed it won't remember it. Was kinda nice, looking back probably a little stronger than codeine but man did it ever have that cozy warm feeling, more than any other I've had from anything else. I miss it.
Ok. This is my last on this topic. Your rule allows "pile-ons". Every watch football? Ever see one of those piles of players where one has the ball on the bottom? That's a pile-on (football probably has a better word for it, I'm just illustrating my example). You rule allows people no recourse against this happening, so perhaps you could consider that in your next rules revision "No ganging up on people"
I'd totally visit Russia if I ever got the chance. Every time I hang out with Russian tourists, I have a great time, I can't imagine it's much different the other way around.
They don't have cloaking device in the MU. Rom and Quark had to steal one.
I order from Domino's down the street probably twice a week or more. One day I forgot my wallet. The girl recognized me, said "you're gonna be back here in afew days anyways right, pay us then" and let me go with it. Customer for life, probably three times a week now. I never forget when you do me well, remember that all budding restaurant entrepreneurs. Do you're regulars well, and they'll keep you going when things get Tough.
Can't fork Linus.
Need ID to get through the gate now.
You sound like you've given this issue a fair and unbiased analysis.
Now we know how law enforcement plans to justify those budgets after marijuana legalization. Gotta protect the kids from those cellars, in the back on 18+ establishments, where only the 18+ employees can get at them.
Maybe now, wasn't like that 20 years ago. I went to one in Toronto, (story time!), me and a group of friends visiting a local who knew about it. Got there about 3AM, light were up to 11 (seriously, never saw a place so well lit), ordered our 'cold tea'. We had smoked a joint on the way between the legit bar we closed out and this one, that totally looked like a fancy Chinese food place. I ended up so paranoid between the joint, the illegal beer, and the bright light, I ended up leaving and sitting in the back of the car (which was parked and stayed parked...we were walking distance from everywhere and had parked there when we arrived in Toronto that afternoon).
Wow, fake internet points are faked. Who knew?
They are different and can't really be compared qualitatively. Sorry I snapped at you, I've been getting a lot of flak on my posts about high dose DXM lately from children who think the first plateau is the strongest high imaginable.
And how much upfront? I used to fence when I was a kid, with equipment supplied by the army base we lived on. Looked into it as an adult (still probably 20 years ago), and for the facemask and the padded "armour" and the foils and other equipment, it was well over $2000. Just to get started.
When I did fence (late 80's), my instructor was an Olympic fencer, bet you know her, can't be that huge of a circle. It had nothing to do with "Uber LARP" (whatever the fuck that is, driving people where they want to go then swordfighting them?), I don't know where you got that from, it was one of the programs offered when I lived on base in Greenwood, NS. I was fencing sabre, I sucked at it but I loved it very much. When posted to Edmonton in the 90's, there was no fencing program on base and no "starter kits", nor were there any martial arts programs at most community centres, except maybe karate back then.
Honestly? It's cold, nothing fun to do outside for the next couple months, I'll probably play with a few Linux distros on them, maybe fiddle with the hardware a bit, do some upgrades or changes, try some new things. When earnings pick up on the one I keep running, I'll put them back running EarnHoney. I don't expect to make much on any site in Jan, Feb, or March, they all mostly get the same ads from mostly the same pool, so if it's shitty, it's shitty everywhere.
I feel like you stopped watching Discovery too early. I had a lot of the same criticisms as you, about the 'dark' Federation, but they pretty much all got addressed as the season went on. I'm not going to spoil anything, but I will say if you liked the 700+ hours of Trek already out there, don't you think it's worth giving them a season in it's entirety to impress you? I think it is. The Orville also has the huge advantage of being able to learn from the mistakes that plagued the first season of every modern Star Trek (pre-Discovery), so they hit the ground running, whereas Discovery is attempting a shift to a more modern form of TV storytelling that burns slow and really needs to be taken as a full piece, rather than the individual episodes or 2-3 episode mini-arcs that Trek had done in the past. The Orville does it the old way, you can watch the episodes out of order if you want and not get too confused, which is (subjectively) easier to get into because every episode follows the formula and begins and ends at the same place, as opposed to the drawn out process of story fulfillment Discovery uses as a fully serialized "binge watch" kinda show.
I know exactly what you mean about the formula being comforting. I have Star Trek on in the background when I work at home, and I usually go through 5-6 episodes a day when I do so, all from TNG, DS9, or Voyager (rarely Enterprise and even more rarely TOS, I usually do Enterprise as a binge in order once a year and TOS I can't put on in the background because I end up paying too much attention and not getting any work done), and I think it's because of the comforting formula. I like modern TV, too, although I can't just put it on in the background because it's so much more ... everything, I want to say intense but it's not just that. I rather suspect once I've watched The Orville enough times (when's the BluRay box coming out?), it'll go into the rotation for daily watch with TNG/DS9/Voyager, because it follows the formula, more or less, with a tweak here or there.
Sounds like animal abuse. Couldn't they have done it with salmon cells in a culture or something?
They make me yawn like a Thai whore, but they don't actually make me sleepier, just yawnier.
At least he did *something* for Canadians.
Our bodies have evolved, in such a way that things that are bad for us, smell bad. You can prove this by taking a great big shit, picking it up, and smelling it. Pretty bad, right? Well, that's millions of years of biological experience talking. Ketchup is even worse than that, it makes shit smell good. Wear gloves if you try this with ketchup, tomatoes are acidic. That's right, ketchup needs more protective attire than shit does, to handle.
It will, if you keep that pace.
So much this. If we had a post of the week contest, you just won it.
People tend to treat things better if they feel like they've worked for them. I wonder if there was a way you could make the students do something (something they had to do anyways, academically speaking), then call that "earning" their Chromebook, so they ascribe some value to it. Would probably help if you promised (and followed through) on un-provisioning their Chromebook when they graduate, so they can have full use of that which they "earned" (and tell them that upfront, that it'll be theirs in every way when they graduate).
My goodness, they actually named and shamed. Good for them, keep it up!
if i buy one right now, can I still download an app to control music playback on my phone? will it still do that after support ends?
Chromebook Plus is a decent travel machine choice. It's got 3:2 screen, high-res (and ChromeOS does scaling pretty well), and now with Android apps it's basically a 12 inch Note with a hardware keyboard and desktop Chrome browser, not stuck with mobile (although you can install mobile Chrome or Firefox from Google Play).
Not all reviews are equal, nor are all reviewers. This one want to use a system designed for extreme portability as a desktop, and is disappointed with the totally predictable outcome. The same thing happens when I try to ride my cat like a horse...I can't squat down far enough to get on his back and whenever I try, he just scratches the shit out of my legs and bolts out from underneath me. I'm sure the internet has better quality, less predictable reviews for this product out there, maybe even from people who tried to use it as intended. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go watch Star Wars in ASCII art with no audio or subtitles, at 1024x768 unscaled in the middle of my 4k monitor.
Downvoters, why is my comment so bad? I simply wanted to point out an option that was comparable to an iPad or a Note, which is what the commenter I replied to was looking at.
Famous last words.
Have you tried actual Kodi? You can make a backup of SPMC, with the Backup addon (make sure to go into the settings and check Addon Data, if you use any addons), download and install a Kodi 16 apk, run it, install the same Backup addon and restore the backup you made from SPMC. When you're all restored, reboot your box then update to the latest either from the Store or from another apk. Kodi is at 17 now, SPMC is only 16 (with some stuff backported). Most of the good stuff from SPMC is in mainline Kodi now, the rest is mostly Shield TV specific stuff.
I weaned myself off of nicotine in my vape very slowly, and PG was crucial to the success of that process. I would buy juice with 3 or 1 nicotine (I'm not sure the unit), and dilute it with PG, increasing the ratio of PG to VG. When I got down to zero nicotine, almost a year ago now, I still found I preferred highly diluted flavours and a lot of PG for throat hit. Since then, I've been vaping around 92% PG for about a year, with no nicotine. I found a flavour I like, that dilutes well, and I buy that flavour and dilute it with PG. I vape with Ego AIO D22 XL, which are cheap and interchangeable. I bought a bunch of them, they last about 8 months under daily use. I use DTL coils, which work well with high PG juice, give me both the hand to mouth and the throat hit I crave, and they last a month or more. PG is super available and super cheap, I can vape for months for next to nothing. I guess we're the guinea pigs for long term effects of inhaled PG, but short term it seems to be OK.
Green tea has antioxidants.
They could have a party! And base the episode on a popular movie like Groundhog Day!
I have two tiers. Sometimes I want to do a serious rewatch, in which I rewatch all the episodes of a series, in order without skips. Other times, I randomly wander around a season or two till I've hit most of it.
You'd seriously go back to piracy if Netflix costed a buck more, and had a lot more Canadian content?
I can't speak to that. I've done acid and mushrooms many times, but over more than 20 years so not too frequently. I don't generally feel interested in tripping on these kind of drugs more than once or twice a year.
When it hits, it'll be a freight train to Highsville, population you! Won't be long now. :)
Happy birthday!
Are you sure you're really you?
Don't go budget. You're gonna use this computer, like a lot! You'll notice how "budget" it is...all those milliseconds add up over the course of a year of heavy use. Mow some lawns and get something quality, like one of the Samsungs or even a Pixelbook if you can find enough lawns to mow. You'll thank yourself for doing so, many times as the year goes on.
Great metal scene
Ondansetron. Magic no puke talisman.
Whoa, whoa whoa. How do you figure ego death will "cure" you? It's not a medical procedure, it's a trip artifact. When you come down, you'll still be you, and your problems will still be there. In fact, having an "ego death" experience probably won't help you at all...ego death is often accompanied by memory inhibition, and the lack of a "you" at that time will interfere with any insight you may gain from the trip.
I'd love something the size of the original Eee PC, but without the big side bezels (and other bezels in general). That'd probably work out to an 8-9 inch screen and would still be unlike anything in the market.
He should've known cops wouldn't know anything about morals.
No source, just something I feel confident about.
Why does it have to be a dichotomy? I actually watch and enjoy many shows, besides The Orville and Discovery. It's not exactly unusual.
There's an element here who believes the sky is always falling. I think they should lay off the stims till their paranoia goes away.
No problem. Turn off automatic updates, block Windows Update urls at your router, then criminals and malware purveyors can use the product you bought, all they want.
I freak out till someone else takes care of it to make me shut up.
Who is gonna fall on their sword for her? Might as well be her doing the sword-falling-onto-ing.
Why are you here telling us? Be bold!
Tomato, tomato. I understand Apple's restrictions, I just don't want to live under them, especially on Android. If Davilla has improved from his "I look forward to your patch" days, then that's great and I'm proud of him and happy for his users, but that line is what I remember him for from the days he was with XBMC.
How about a Pizza Delight while we're at it?
