It depends. Do you want it to last, or do you want to cheap out on routine maintenance?
you can drive it in the US on canadian tags all you want (well, for a couple months atleast, given you are a canadian citizen). Question is whether one of those is legal in canada or not.
oh and RHD doesn't matter at all. My triumph was RHD, and many mail jeeps are as well.
if they give you 20k trade in, likely they will be in it another grand with a detail, inspection, etc. I see the accords advertise at $21.9k w/ incentives. So would you sell a car for the same price as a new one if it was used?
Well go ahead and give it a try then. Just temper your expectations more reasonably. It has to be a good deal for everyone. The dealer has no incentive to take a trade-in that they will lose money on.
I don't think they are trying to scam you. You got a tax break based on your trade-in value. Basically you only pay sales tax on the difference. However since it was a lease, you don't get this tax break. If it was a dealership that handles leases, this should never have happened. If they don't normally handle leases, then i can understand the mistake. You aren't obligated to keep the car in this situation, but it's kind of a dick move to not pay the taxes you owe.
in house loans are usually contingent upon someone living in the same county, just sayin.
i'll even ya out here with an upvote. Kinda sounds like they didn't give all the info.
Why would you let someone borrow your car for 6 months if they aren't trustworthy enough to have already repaired damage like that?
Nice Taco! Those old dell workstations, not so much. I feel your pain if you are in IT and trying to keep those running. We only have 4 and its a weekly chore.
haha.. no shit. My vacuum was a couple grand. But i've bought one set of filters and nothing else in a decade and it gets used multiple times a day. My shop vac at home needs filters every couple months.
aye, and if the dealer wants to chase it, he has to try to get complete payment, which lets be honest, is probably more than anybody who does bhph's net worth.
i've had a couple. Damn good batteries. Interstate's top of the line battery.
It should be on level ground, if it's leaning one way or the other it will become permanent when you bolt those things up.
You can pass inspection probably. The discount ones have the bare minimum platinum in them to make it pass. The more expensive ones will last more than a year or two.
If it is aftermarket it can be hazardous as flammable gasses can build up in the truck, if it's stock it will be vented to outside the truck by the manufacturer and is perfectly safe.
man i've been trying to buy my neighbors for 20 years. He died and his widow scrapped it. I cried.
That's a custom intake and 3 carbs. GoodParts still makes them i think. https://www.goodparts.com/shop/index.php?categoryID=2
I have the Cub Cadet mower in a self propelled walk behind. It has two blades side by side and 4 speeds. Used to take me 2-3 hours to push low my lawn with emptying bags. Now i mulch the whole thing with that bad boy in about half an hour. http://www.cubcadet.com/equipment/cubcadet/walk-behind-mowers/wide-area-walk-behinds/features That said i was looking into the honda harmony or snapper riders because they were the only ones that would fit through my gate (36") but they are fixed deck mowers and won't mow an non-flat lawn well. Anything else was too damn expensive.
not much short of an acre. Its more work than a rider (steering it mostly), but a similar amount of cut and speed for a fraction of the price.
ammonia will also ruin your tint if you have tinted windows. hence why you shouldn't use windex.
yeah. stock tint is inside the glass so it won't hurt it, but better safe than out $250 for a retint.
people always underestimate how much padding, plastic, and safety equipment is in a modern car. Having worked with airbags they are really fucking heavy.
usually only with new cars, not used.
yeah, that's why we dropped autotrader in favor of cars.com. They weight their ads so the premium cost listings show up first and the standard pages that us little guys use get shoved to the back of the bus.
I would have known to skip belgium on my honeymoon. Brussels has pretty buildings, but it is godawful there. Basically piss and garbage running in the street like a 3rd world country.
A Ranger is a very good pickup truck. A tacoma is also a very good pickup truck. They are, however, very different. The Tacoma puts out less power and has a much lighter load rating. 2002 Tacoma 4X4 in a 5 speed with a 3.4 v6 - 190 (generous) hp/18 mpg hwy 2010 Ranger 4X4 5 speed 4.0L v6 - 207 hp/19 mpg hwy In my experience i always got better mileage in the Ranger. It felt like it wasn't working as hard. The Ranger has a stronger frame/steering/suspension and a more powerful motor. The Tacoma has an excellent engine in the 3.4 (1 mpg less than the 2.7 so why not) that will last nearly forever, but the rest of the truck, especially the body, steering, and suspension, will wear out before that. I drive a Toyota now, but a newer ranger is a better choice in the long run. You will get more life out of it for less money. They also do much better in the snow.
Ranger's values are holding very well, and have been for a long time. Just remember they were never as expensive of a truck.
1) 68 GTO 2) 95 F150 3) 73 Triumph GT6 (Still have) 4) 99 Ranger 5) 87 F150 6) 91 F150 7) 96 F250 8) 87 Toyota 9) 94 Toyota (x2) (Still Have, DD + Wheeler) 10) 84 RX7 (Still Have) One of these is not like the others. And yes i kick myself for selling it, but 16 year old me wanted a truck bad.
yeah, i don't think he needs a second opinion on this one but i'll give it anyways. /u/Pretaco is right.
Does it go away when your a/c is off (defrost too since that uses the a/c)?
probably not if the bottom is rotten. Good rule of thumb for cucumbers/everything else is to water when the soil is dry to your second knuckle (an inch or so). Maybe more if you don't live somewhere very wet. Just replant in a new pot with new soil. It's still early enough i think.
Well in my state that's the limit for kids under 16 (aka 12 and up) so honestly you shouldn't be able to get yourself in too much trouble. Use common sense, don't get out of the boat with it running (props are sharp), and other than that don't worry about it. Remember stick left to turn right, and vice-versa, on an outboard. A 10 horse 4 stroke shouldn't scare the fish, especially trolling, but drift or anchor fishing if you're just casting into a hole you'll want to turn it off once you arrive to save gas, etc. Remember the essentials, always have water/food on the boat, simple tools just in case, life jackets, and a whistle. 4 People is a bit crowded, so drop off your gear first.
If you do bake tuna, do it with some sort of glaze or covering to seal in moisture or it'll get dry. Slather it in mayo, lemon zest and dill. it's great and keeps it moist, even if you don't want the mayo topper it just comes right off after your done.
that's easy, its just fishing with the bottom full of stuff thats hard. Just drop off the campin stuff.
I've got a transport broker that'll do it cheap from seattle, takes some time but he's never failed me. PM for more info.
If you touch it up it'll be better than having a big scratch, and worst case scenario you can always get it painted anyways. Instead of using black touchup from autozone, try clearcoat. Thin it out if it's the touch up bottle type, and use a good thin paintbrush not the one in the bottle. You'll be surprised how well it works and how easy it is.
it will absolutely protect against rust. And you would only need black under if it's all the way through the base coat. The thinned clear levels better in the scratch, and will take that white look out of it. If you can see metal in the scratch you'll need color, if not it's just into the clear most of the time. (ps if you don't like how it turns out, wipe it off quickly with lacquer thinner and try again)
not if your careful, it will soften it slightly, so that why you want to do it right away so it comes off easier. It'll harden right back up pretty quickly. I just did a tundra with a similar scratch but full length of the truck, cleaned the scratch with alcohol, touched it up carefully, wetsanded level, and buffed, and it is not noticeable at all. If you don't wetsand and buff it still looks pretty good, but can be seen depending on the light and angle.
brand of what? clearcoat? i use ppg products myself. Find a store that sells automotive paint and buy a small touch up bottle of activated clearcoat. It will be thin enough. Or if your cheap you can thin out clear in an autozone duplicolor touch up bottle. Honestly worst case scenario it wipes off easy if you don't let it dry all the way.
Sounds like you got your life out of it. If it needs rebuilt/repaired its probably not worth it. 230k is too high to sell the car for parts either. Scrap it and get another.
well what do you expect for $11k in a tsx? probably a salvage, or since they are such expensive cars, not quite a salvage but a lot of damage.
It's been this way for a couple years now. prices are rising, and although incentives are there sometimes, it's not really going to change as far out as i can see.
Haha, i work right next to a taco bell too. Still i try to leave the cars, since ya know, people want to drive them.
Early chrysler era jeeps don't hold idle in the ECM. So if you reset the ECM or change the battery, you need to keep it running while it relearns the idle. Start it and give it throttle up to about 1500 rpm. Keep it steady there for ~5 min. Should stay running after that unless you have a real problem.
Sounds normal to me when you add a high stall converter. It's so you can rev it up into the powerband without powerbraking. 3000 stall is for drag racing, and it won't go anywhere till high rpm. It will roll downhill, and is a bitch at uphill stop lights. 2000 is more manageable, but still a little tricky.
The shift linkage cable is going to be a dealer part, and not extremely expensive.
it's probably worth it for the two gt86's, but you can't really compare two different makes and models using the same metric. The BRZ is an awesome car though, the s2000 is just too cramped. I'd go for the subaru.
yeah it's not that hard. A carb tune is pretty much free, just takes know how. I like the vacuum method myself, it's not as exact but its way easy.
to expand on this. If you mix dexcool with glycol green, it will gelatinize and clog er up real good.
we specialize in low mileage older stuff at my place, that 5-15 range. this is totally in my ballpark for sure.
you'd be surprised, especially in this market. but yeah, most of em are good ol boys. I've been doin this since i was 12, ain't much i haven't seen.
haha.. no shit bud. 1000 yard stare over pavement comes up on ya fast.
Pressure test it and look for leaks. Small radiator leaks or something around the exhaust would allow it to evaporate or steam off before it hits the ground.
Shouldn't be that hard to get a loan if he doesn't have anything bad on his credit. It'll be high interest the first time around without a cosigner, but it should be possible. Also got to check debt/income levels, and have job history for 6 months in the same field. He needs to have a D/I level under 45-50 percent including rent, the new car payment, and any debts.
it's spread all over the bottom at this point so it would be hard to narrow down. I can see it up the sides of the bellhousing as well. Clean it well and then check again to see where it starts.
Yeah, always check the owners manual to see what the flat towing procedures are. Even on a dolly. You probably overheated the transmission. Next time take off the rear driveshaft. Transfer cases are hard to fry. They generally aren't cooled when you're driving anyways. Just buy a used transmission on a rig that old and swap it out.
Quicklubes just use whatever is cheapest by the barrel. Another reason to change your own oil, or be very specific.
lift it up, put it in neutral with the parking brake on, and rotate the driveshaft back and forth. It shouldn't have much play in the rear end without spinning the wheels. My truck has like 1/4 turn of play in the rear end, and does exactly what you are describing. It's definitely time for a rear end, but i drive like 1/2 mile a day so i'm putting it off till it's a little worse or i need to drive on the highway.
You got bugs. Treat said bugs using your preferred method.
Box up and ship larger items to your new apartment. Drop it off when you leave and you should beat it there. Also please don't drive on the freeway with a mattress strapped to the top of your car. It's going to get ruined if you do it. And at the very least it will damage your car, or come off and cause an accident. Ideally you should only have clothes, your electronics, and such stuff you will need for a couple days in your car for the move. A cooler for snacks and food will help keep the costs low. If you overload your car it could break. Even if it doesn't you will get greatly reduced fuel mileage.
yeah, trailers are pretty aerodynamic, and it will reduce the weight load on your cars suspension.
Give it a good flush for the coolant system and test it again. Blue devil is a temporary fix, but it will clog everything up so bad that the engine and heater core will be a bitch to fix if you actually want to do it right down the road. It's a roll of the dice whether it works or not. Did you add coolant recently? if you put green into the dexcool it will sludge it up and overheat.
not really if he's using good factory parts that will last. Or you could have someone slap on an el-cheapo cat and it'll last a couple years, not the 16 that the original did.
its in the center valley. You don't need to remove the timing belt or heads. It's under the intake though so you do have to take that off.
then find a muffler shop that will put a cheap one on, or do it yourself, they bolt on easy.
With anything that old, start with safety then work on reliability. Check the brakes, and flush the brake fluid first thing. Bake sure that heavy beast will stop. While you have the brakes off, check the axle seals for leaks. '77 should be a full floater rear so you'll have to pop the rear axles out to take the back drums off. Make sure your proportioning valve is working correctly. Hit the brakes hard on gravel and make sure all 4 tires skid, not just the fronts. If just the front's skid, check the proportioning valve. Wild Bronco's makes an upgraded one i've had good luck with on those. After you have it safe to drive, then work on reliability. Change all the fluids and check for anything weird with them. Don't forget rear end/front end and transmission/transfer case. The rear end will probably be easier to change fluids when you remove the axles to check the rear brakes. Look for any leaks, and make note of them. Probably not worth fixing yet but good to keep an eye on. A good tune-up is in order next, pull the spark plugs one at a time and replace them. Check compression while you do so. Then wires, a cap, and rotor. Compression should be triple digits or close. If it isn't it's either valves, valve seals, or piston rings. all of which involve a real overhaul. If the carburetor runs well don't rebuild it. Clean it out a bit, adjust it using a vacuum gauge. If it runs poor, or smells like gas, have the carb rebuilt, or buy a nice Holley. I'm sure i'm forgetting stuff, but that should get you running like new. Most of this can be done for extremely cheap.
The oil pressure light came on and you kept driving it? did you atleast check the oil?
compared to a rotary? you really have to fuck up to burn through paint with a DA.
the ACDelco stock one is the best one. You could get a couple years out of an airtex or delphi though. The delphi is the better turd in a warrantied box.
Could be the battery, alternator, a wiring problem, or a parasitic draw. Just gotta break out the multimeter and start testing.
the 300-6 is a tank. Best ford motor ever made.
depends on the car. Some have the bypass before or after the thermostat.
or a forest service map. Most forest service roads are well mapped. Most full blown trails would be part of a ORV area as well, but not mapped. But atleast you could search for orv areas around you.
haha... nice.
actually probably a really nice aftermarket unit is cheaper. If it's a full nav dvd system they are pretty spendy used. Like 800 is a decent deal but i've seen them up to $1200. Most people have them repaired instead. Still not a real reason not to get it.
yeah the rest of the grounds are way cooler.
this works where i am very well.. lots of people do it. I don't know how well they will grow in texas though. The nice thing is the timing. You only have to trim them a couple times a year to get a good shape, and they are marketable in a few years.
Does the recall agreement include a loaner car? sometimes it moves the job to the front of the pile if they have a loaner car out on the street waiting for a job to finish.
yeah, it's basically an engine rebuild.
You can buy topsoil and compost by the yard to fill it, just ask around. Landscape supply companies are everywhere. You should use the dirt you removed mixed in a bit as filler unless it's really bad. Compost is where all the nutrients are, but too much will cause rot and problems, so you want to mix it with normal topsoil, and depending on your area a good substrate. I add sand since i live in an area with a lot of clay, but some people will add other stuff depending on the dirt they have already.
Buy a used car wash vacuum. That is where i got mine. Unbolted it from the concrete, bolted on wheels and motorcycle handlebars to tug it around, and put wheels on it. Then you can really get the sand out, not just the surface bits. It's a huge timesaver having a 2 or 3 motor vac.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/VAtKD9S.jpg)
now is it stock bore with 400 cranks that make it a 383, or do you have to go .030 over?
unless it cracked the block or head instead....
yup.. looks like a GS400 to me.
Spinners! haha. jk. Get a set of nice used alloys from the next trim level up to replace the steelies. It'll look right and be much nicer. Most aftermarket hubcaps are worse than the factory ones.
Usually you should drop the tank to do it right. It would probably ok if you just zip tied it up there, but still... it is your brakes and without them you can't stop.
Honestly, i would get another fullsize SUV. If i bought a crew cab truck i'd just end up with a bed i can't use to haul my quad or fit a bicycle. So yeah, might as well get another SUV. Probably would get a v10 excursion or a big block chevy suburban. Cuz i drive like 2,000 miles a year and the gas mileage won't matter.
Anytime is about the same for used cars nomatter what people tell you. There isn't rebates for certain times of year, nor is there quota's to hit or factory bonuses for volume in used cars. Obviously convertible's are cheaper in winter, and 4x4's a little more expensive. But for a regular car like a honda fit it is pretty steady pricing year round. Demand is high during tax season, but usually on the really cheap cars. However, dealerships usually stock up on these cheaper cars around February, so the availability will be higher, and the pricing still lower to attract people who only have a little money in their pockets at that time of year.
that's not really good advice. If you negotiate hard on the sale price, then throw in a trade at the end, you will end up lowballed on the trade. Also if you don't say you want financing, a cash sale is assumed. Not to mention this tactic wastes a lot of time for both you and the salesperson. Usually this equates to a worse deal.
sway bar links and shocks can be knocked out in a hour or so. I would do the ball joint and control arm bushings at the same time too so as not to repeat axle and brake removal labor. Basically a couple hundred bucks and a weekend project will get all of that done.
Depends. If you have a car that is worth a decent amount of money, and not great sales skills, it is likely that you will only be able to sell the car for the trade-value when you include the sales tax savings. Often when i run over the numbers with people, what they would ask private party, and the trade plus tax savings, are the same or very close. And your time and effort is worth something.
of course. Lets put it this way, if you have a car worth 10k trade, and are buying a newer car. You get 10k plus save another 1k on sales tax. If you plan on selling it for 12k, but will take 11.5, you're net gain by selling it yourself is $500. subtract $250 for a detail and oil change, etc, and you will net $250. Now for a lot of people it's not worth it. Especially having to buy the new car and sit on the old one for possibly months. Of course if your car is only worth $500 trade, the tax savings is absolutely negligible and you are better off trying to sell it for a grand or two yourself. It's not a hard and fast rule that selling yourself is better. That's why my job exists.
fair enough, but if the car is totally wore out, it's going to be worth pretty much scrap value on a trade-in, or at the scrap yard. And in that case it can be donated and you will get a tax deduction worth more than the car is due to mechanical failures. It's not as hard as one might think.
nav system failures are the most common ones i've seen. Rear end failures if you tow a heavy boat. But really they are pretty reliable. Better than the previous generations which had steering rack problems.
No...
exhaust needs to be isolated from the truck body using real exhaust clamps and rubber bushings....
yeah, i wouldn't put it on the roof unless you plan on reinforcing and redesigning the roof and load bearing walls.
Is it a real one? I've only ever seen the replica kits, but there is a bunch of those around.
honestly that's a pretty bad idea. Sometimes the computer can make up for predetonation on newer cars with VVT-i, but you will be sacrificing gas mileage, and slowly hurting your car.
Started washing cars when i was 12 at the family business. Worked my way through college detailing and turning wrenches. Went into sales shortly thereafter. The just sales part was better than trying to run the store and be a salesman at the same time, but someone's gotta do it.
yup. That is why it is important for people to vote in their local elections and pay attention to state politics. Everybody gets worked up over presidential runs, but really most of the day-to-day benefits we see come from the states. And congress is tough these days. They really took most of the good parts of the healthcare act out, so asking them to add a line like that is about as likely as getting them to cut defense spending.
I like it. Looks solid. Those arms look a little beefy for the piece though, if it were me i would shave them down about 1/2 inch along the inside and front edge.
well then the seals should be ok as long as you did them all at the same time. Most mechanics will want to do them since all the labor of taking them apart is already done so its good preventative maintenance.
Old Man Emu on my toyota is better than stock. It's only 2" lift on 31's though. With big lifts i usually make them myself. The other toyota is sitting up on 38's with chevy springs in the rear and a custom pack up front. The front is too stiff, but the chevy engine is wicked heavy so what can ya do.
does it smell rich when it's warmed up? I had the same problem and was getting waaay to much fuel through my weber. I jetted it down a bit, but lost too much power, so i went down in size on the accelerator jet too and back up on the mains.
Yeah, subaru's are actually pretty expensive to fix. Look at a Toyota Matrix as well as the domestics. More upfront cost, but they are pretty damn reliable. They offer the same sort of room in a FWD platform.
Yeah, they can be a handful if you don't have reverse. However if you are tilling long straight lines with lots of room between the tilled area and a fence (6-10') you'll be fine. PS those HF motors are garbage. You're better off fixing or getting a new tecumseh or similar motor. The Ariens tiller's can last for a very long time.
Do you have any practical skills? because i made a killing as a handyman around there while i was in school. Too many college kids, not enough wrench turners and hammer chuckers.
yup.. If your pump can still run, and you leave a tap cracked a bit, it'll keep it from icing up.
Jackhammer, or a reeeeaaallly good hammer drill with rock bits. Like the ones they use for mining. A jackhammer would be cheaper i think.
This thing hurts my brain to look at. In a cool way like an optical illusion. Good work.
Well if you ate nothing but lizard tails....
that will just change the readout on the odometer... the speedometer will still read miles on the outer rim of the faceplate. A speedometer shop will pull the cluster, and swap the faceplate for one that reads in km/h. It costs about $250 in the US to do it the other way around.
yup. we use them atleast once a week on imported cars since i live by the canadian border. We don't do miles unknown cars, but if your odometer breaks, they can also reprogram a new odometer to the correct miles, and provide all the paperwork so its legal beagle.
don't buy a performance muffler. Either get a stock bolt on replacement, or go to a muffler shop and have a regular replacement muffler welded on. The latter will be much cheaper, even having someone do the work for you.
They make brake caliper grease. Thats what i use.
Stock 4.3's go from $250-400 put together and running. There's lots of them out there.
most of the AE muffles i've seen are loud. But i'm sure they make a quiet one as well. That price is really quite good.
It should be fine. if you're worried about it put a small heater down there on a thermostat that kicks on at freezing. Realistically the upper part of the house should keep the bottom warm enough. Also basements are usually pretty constant on temperature if they are underground.
sometimes the simplest solutions are the best.
this was less than a year ago. Fuck that company.
How would that even work to lower taxes? having had several appraisals they always just measured the outside of the house, then counted bedrooms and bathrooms.
Built under the library at the college i went to there is a full copy of the houses of congress. Apparently they were the backups in case of nuclear war or some shit. Also steam tunnels that ran the heating for the whole college connected all the buildings. They had also built a new biology building, and converted the old one into more math classrooms. There was a museum of sorts in the basement full of stuffed critters, and a dinosaur skeleton. Nobody really ever went there, except me because it had a really nice bathroom, and well, nobody was every there.
Probably 60+. We did pigs, and have venison, and i fish a lot. So really, chicken since ours is for eggs, and the occasional beef purchase every couple months. But we ran out of our own bacon in short order, so we buy that every couple weeks.
If it isn't tinted you can use a razorblade and steel wool with glass cleaner on the outside and inside. If it's aftermarket tinted, don't do the inside like that.
hmm.. i should try that sometime. The acid really is harsh.
Bend the shifter in an S curve. I used a TH350 on my chevota, and i had the opposite problem of it being really long. I had to put in bucket seats to the transfer case shifter would be accessible.
Yes it is lifter noise. I wouldn't say it's all that abnormal though. Those overhead cam nissan engines tend to be loud.
The guy i know doesn't pay the window tinter. The tinter pays him to rent a space in his shop and runs a separate business under the same roof.
Usually you'll want to do them all, but if you're cheap you can do just the one that has play in it. look at the tie rods while a buddy turns the wheel back and forth and you'll see which one has slack. If you do just do one, the next one will probably fail soon, and you'll have to pay to have it aligned twice. Murphy's law of cheap auto repair.
take both the old odometer and the new one to a speedometer shop. The old one needs to be in the car. They will reprogram it for you.
1) You can always make an offer. OTD pricing is more difficult to tell you whether it is realistic since we don't know your tax, license, or document fees in your area. Realistically most popular cars, which is subaru's around here, have less that $500 of room to move. 2) Independent should be just fine. We don't let the subaru dealer around here do PPI's. The sales staff tends to lean on the customer and try to switch them to one of their cars. It's in their best interest to trash on the car, even if nothing spectacular is wrong. 3) We take any trade-in. If it can make it here it's worth something. Even if i end up just junking it. It really depends how realistic you are on value. If it will cost more to fix than it's worth to sell, we will basically just scrap it. We don't just band-aid trade ins. They also need to pass inspections.
this should be higher up. Put a paper towel in it, and replace when you get some out. It'll last quite a long time.
05+ had a redesign i believe. Headgasket failures are much less common than the older ones. Like only 1/10 of the potential trade-in's i look at have bad headgaskets. It's closer to 7/10 on the older ones.
Put a coat or floormat over the strap when towing or recovering. It'll keep the strap or chain from flinging around if it snaps.
slapping a headgasket on without new bolts, surfacing, etc, is not better than leaving it good if it isn't leaking in my opinion. But whatever floats your boat.
You can roll all new main and rod bearings in with the engine in the car too. Pretty much everything about a 4.0 is easy to work on.
Yeah, while the cars are cool, pretty much any other manufacturer would close down pretty fast if they continued to lose that kind of money. Luckily for them, it's pretty much Elon Musk's baby, and he doesn't seem to care if they make money.
Exactly, And there are pretty strict laws for privacy regarding releasing the previous owners information. I'm not even really supposed to let people look at the title, but if they are that concerned i will just fold the name and address part under so they can't see it.
also don't leave it standing up too close to your firepit. That one was a serious oops.
I'm pretty sure it's the other way around. The blowers provided the boost through a roots style supercharger, and the turbo's were mainly to keep them fed with air.
you blew a fluid line.. Don't drive it until you identify which one and fix it. Check all your fluids and see which one is low. And as far as the coolant goes.. That's generally a bad sign when it goes milky.
Foresters are like crack for people in BC. They are even more popular than in the interior.
and in my experience, it usually is cyclical. Early summer is not as good as say tax time, or late summer, or the "fuck it snowed an inch once and i drive a minivan" rush.
On a truck that old, that seems pretty normal. Nothing mission critical there.
yup. Test the radiator cap. Or just replace it. They are like seven bucks.
flex pipe replacement should be under $100 at an exhaust shop. And it'll last for a long time. Get a quote before trying yourself, most of the time exhaust work is just easier and cheaper to have done.
yes. It holds pressure to a certain psi (16 or so) and then lets the fluid out into the overflow. It also allows for fluid return when the coolant is under vaccum after cooling down (hence your collapsed radiator hose indicating a lack of this)
It's a lifestyle vehicle. People who camp, ski, kayak, bike, have dogs etc. Or people who want to look like that. BC (and the NW USA where i'm from) are very outdoorsy areas.
it's a plastic popout that you give a half turn then pull out. Someone pulled too hard.
No for so many reasons. Because it's illegal. Because it's a shady practice in a business where people already assume you are shady. But mostly because.... Would you risk losing your job for "X" under the table? What would that number be? $1,000. $5,000? 10,000? Even the most idiotic salesman won't risk his job for a couple hundred bucks.
it's a serious bitch to clean out. Scrubbing everything and then changing filters every month sucks. Black algae only grows in the dark and in diesel. So a car gas tank is basically the ideal environment.
You need an american truck. Ford and Chevy are my favorites. Some guys like dodges. But in the $20k and under bracket in western washington, the newer imports are out, and only recently have they come anywhere near american trucks in payload capacity. The chevy will drive a little softer, so you might like that. The ford has a more planted feel. The dodge is like riding a split-rail fenceboard. I sell trucks in Western WA, feel free to shoot me any questions you may have. Also how tall are you/your wife? Do you have kids you will need to haul? Do you want a basic secondary vehicle or more of a do-it-all truck? Finally, just get out and drive some. $20k will get you a decent used truck, nothing too crazy, but newer and lower miles.
Fuckin eh. My 110 is a hell of a rifle. Basic and no frills, but accurate and reliable.
No Problem. At 5'5" she's gonna have a bit of trouble reaching the pedals on most trucks. While you can put the seat all the way forward it isn't really safe to be that close to the airbag. Look for an extra cab in a lariat or SLT package. Adjustable pedals are going to be a good idea in case she needs to drive it. And an extra cab should fit everyone in a pinch since everyone should be out of car seats for the most parts and boosters will fit in the back.
not if you live in an at will state in the US. You can not show up for one day of work without proper authorization and get shitcanned. Or for basically any reason at all. Vacation time is not a right in the US. Nor is really any kind of sick or medical leave except in certain situations.
you need to give notice to your landlord, not her. Who gives a fuck about her, but you don't want to tell her you're cutting the lease, and then end up having it drag out another month. You have a contract with the landlord, not your ex gf.
For sure. But no company is required to provide sick or vacation days in contract for most cases.=.
aah.. yeah. Then you also need to give her written notice. But by doing so you will be breaking your lease, so you'll need a new lease too unless you are the only one on it.
It might surprise you to know lots of people aren't covered under the FMLA, in fact more than 1/3 of all americans in the workforce. For example a company needs to employ 50 or more people within a 75 mile radius. Also you need to be a full-time employee. And it doesn't cover short-term or common illnesses (colds, pneumonia, etc.)
If you ever have the pleasure of knowing someone who has turkeys as pets like my parents do, try gobbling at them. It's fucking hilarious. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9zvgcOrTtw
They fit nicely in a Buick GS400, Pontiac Tempest, Basically any BOP car with a v8 from that era.
my guess is bump stop. If it was a transmission mount it would be vibrating badly.
That's a pretty good chunk, i can see the bead and bulge of the radial wire termination point. It should be replaced, and you should put on the spare before driving again. You're really only one good bump from a blowout.
4 in the mag well, 4 on the sling, a half sleeve in my pocket so it doesn't clank around. I also carry a .22 pistol for shooting grouse while i ride my mountain bike out. Usually i keep a small box of .22 in the bike box, which is all wrapped up so as not to rattle. Why can't you carry a .22 handgun? we can't hunt deer with one here, but since grouse is open at the same time and i have a rifle i've never had a problem.
Do you have a racetrack around? The reason i ask is because we use scales to balance race cars. Super accurate and you get a weight balance distribution as well.
The impreza looks much more legit. The forester is a cheap model at a BHPH. If you don't have absolutely crap credit, don't do BHPH. Just get a regular loan. talk to you bank first, or a local credit union, and then see if the dealer can match or beat the rate.
Any tire place can get it off. Or you can buy a bolt extractor set, but they are expensive in the larger sizes for a good working one.
Right. The first thing a new lawnmower gets is a cupholder. Even the push kind.
make sure all the doors hinges are tight, as well as all the rail fasteners. It's probably binding up somewhere. Also don't fuck with the spring. It will remove your hand or face.
Pier blocks made for a deck sounds like what you are looking for. As long as the main structure of the pergola is solidly constructed, it shouldn't wobble.
could also be power steering fluid (or a power steering pump that uses ATF). The new pump could have blown one of the old lines.
for some reason the picture of a guy waddling across his yard trying to hold a beer between his legs cracks me up.
umm... you're gonna need all the stock wiring from whatever model that came from, and a wiring diagram for the vehicle. that's gonna be a pain.
Probably the reverse synchro getting worn, it is almost 15 years old. Just shift slower, don't wear it out or you'l need to have the transmission rebuilt. My toyota has done this for as long as i've owned it. For some reason going 2nd to reverse is fine though.
or the coked out guy from In Bruges.
use a rolling jack to lift the front end, put it on a dolly, and tow it down the street. Drilling the lock cylinder will cost waaay more to fix than a dummy key or tow.
Well the good news is he can leave it as is and the city will tow it for him.
We have a 1947 Chevy. Slant-6 and column shift stepside 2WD. Baby blue and cream. Sweet truck.
mild non-oem restoration. It's a good driver, not a show truck.
i've only seen it on very old bikes (Pan's and shovels), and it's not like the case was leaking, there is a chain oiler which is basically a small tube running off the oil pump to the chain.
i would think so that you could use gear reduction to take advantage of a smaller motor.
sales tax goes off the place where you buy it. Registration fee's and such are based on your address. For example here i have to charge people from seattle an extra registration tax, but not extra sales tax.
old people cars. They will be well maintained and lower miles. Think big american sedans, buicks, impala's, crown vic's, etc. Honda's and Toyota's in that price range will be extremely beat and high mileage in my market.
Weird. Here sales tax is based on where the sale is made.
people want the cheapest car available. This means they will be buying the lowest quality car available. Instead of saying i want a $15k car but i only have $10k, so i'm going to find a different kind of car, they try to find the one $15k car that is selling for $10k. It's a recipe for disaster in my opinion.
yup. I just changed my oil because it was 6 months old. I only did about 1600 miles, but it's either short trips because i live less than a half mile from work, or its towing or dirt road driving. Better safe than sorry. And an oil change is like $30.
Oak just reminds me of mobile homes and the 80's. Walnut, Maple, and Cherry are my go to's. I really want to work with Madrone too because we have a lot, but i also don't want to sharpen my blades every day.
Atleast you didn't get canned.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/pgWPNs4.jpg) [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/AVMRprH.jpg) Construction pics, but gives a general idea. The roost up above is not insulated, and the rafters are open under the metal roof for ventilation. Everything is closed in with hardware cloth. In the summer i leave all the vents and the sliding door above the ramp open. In the winter i block off all the vents but one half of one on each the upper and lower side with styrofoam board and close the ramp door at night. I use a heat lamp and they will lay year-round. Without one they quit laying in the cold months.
What you want is called a suspension seat.
Surging is most likely a dirty throttle body. But the low oil pressure has me worried. Have the pressure checked with a mechanical gauge, and replace the oil pump if needed.
aye, but if it's really for a dune buggy, you want a suspension seat with harness points. You can always stab a set of stock seats and seat covers on, but that won't help you much on hard bumps or jumps.
Basically the idea behind that "test" is that you allow a giant hole in your exhaust to bypass a plugged cat. So yeah, you will have to remove it all the way. It will also sound like hell, and possibly shoot flames towards the cab of your car.
thats for splicing 2 wires together, it's not going to help you. Just crimp on a new connector that is the same as the old one.
aftermarket normal cats are $200. Aftermarket california cats are double. Welcome to california. If that's an OEM Cali cat, that is a great deal.
Rent a backhoe, or use potassium nitrate to burn them out. Just don't make a oklahoma city bomb out of it. Dissolve the nitrate in water into the stump.
it's basically fertilizer, so it shouldn't be an issue with livestock. Plus you will burn it up anyways.
yeah, Kia's lose value like a boat you forgot to put the plug in. Hopefully you can sell them in 30 days for almost nothing, otherwise you are losing money.
It's also slightly corrosive to aluminum and steel. So unless you have a newer car where they coat the insides of the fuel system, it can wreak some pretty good havoc over time.
they won't take true cash, but a cashiers check from a bank will be ok. Expect less of a discount for cash since they lose financing incentives.
mine did the exact same thing down to the firing a tiny bit when you let off the key after i rebuilt the motor. It took me a hot minute to figure out the firing order was different. I also had a different hood on mine, so out of luck there. After that i label the spark plug wires every time.
The baja's command a serious price premium over the foresters. The bed is very small. You could put a few bags of topsoil in there, but a mountain bike, skis, snowboards, a kayak, etc is out of the questions. Also due to the shorter cab, the roof rack is far less useful. Go with the forester. It's cheaper, more useful, and just plain better. The baja's are only special because they are rare. There is a reason they sold like crap new, it's because they do not compare favorably with the forester.
That's the airbag cover. Don't fuck with it. You can replace the airbag cover with one from a junkyard, but make sure to have someone who knows what their doing do it so as not to set off the airbag.
It will hold it probably, but it will also dent your floors and ruin the finish on the top.
You will really like the OME suspension. It is top notch and perfect for what you (and i) use it for. I can't recommend it enough. Most lift kits are just built for lift, the OME stuff really rides nicer than stock and adds some serious load capability. As for bumpers, unless you are heavy offroading they will probably be unnecessary. Plus you can always get them if you mess up your stock ones.
yeah because i like hauling expensive toys laid over sideways with the tailgate down. That thing is barely in there.
I haven't driven one yet, but i like most of the newer subaru's a lot better. After the 2.5 they don't need major engine work on the regular.
classic car insurance is pretty cheap if you put a mileage limit on it.
yeah, turtle wax is pretty crap in general though. Isopropyl will work well but lacks lubricants so it can smear it into the clear a bit. Also wax and adhesive remover works well.
yup. If it makes it to us you get $500. We get $100 for scrapping it, and the rest is out of the profit on the car you buy, so something like that we wouldn't discount the car you trade it in on much.
polish it with a 3" DA and some light duty compound. Plastic heats up faster than paint so be careful.
What does everyone in your area charge for that? in my area it would be $250-300 with a single stage buff. So unless you want to go above and beyond, i would undercut that a bit or charge the same and go crazy on the correction.
exactly. It's all dependent on area more than anything. Also condition.
Timing belt. It's rubber and 17 years old. Even if it's under on miles, its almost double on time.
it's so-so. It is very gentle if you like that.
It doesn't work very well in the cold, but i've used is successfully for temporary repairs before. However to resolder you would have to later clean it all up.
Front marker light maybe?
With a solid axle, the stiffness is provide by the springs. In order to make the ride more supple you would need to replace them. It is possible that they are sticky and not working correctly, so i would try replacing the bushings and shocks first if they don't pass a visual inspection or don't move freely. Small lift kits for those kinds of suspensions are super cheap. Like sub $500 with new shocks, front springs, and rear blocks. Compare spring rates between lift brands to find the one that has the ride quality you desire. A good suspension place or offroad shop can help determine which style is best.
Well yeah, i personally assemble my own 64" chevy springs and weld new perches, but not everyone is that mechanically apt, and new springs and shocks all the way around is super cheap for those. I wouldn't ever block lift the front end. Shackles maybe, but i don't like to.
94 didn't get the 3.4 i don't think. Pass on the 94 with the POS 3.0, and look for a 95.5-97.
2011+ F150 with a 5.0, FX4 Plus or Lariat.
Strange, they used to just have a kiosk at the back of campus police (right across from the stadium at the time), and you would have to show that the magazine was removed, cock the weapon, and dry fire it into a sand filled tube they had next to the window. Then they would tag and store it for you. Also it was 24/7 so it was still convenient for hunting when i picked them up at 3 or 4 in the morning. You could open carry around from there to the truck without being hassled. They must have changed the rules if they are meeting people off campus.
Pretty normal on a jeep 4.0L.
I would try replacing the front shocks/ leaf spring bushings. If it's still too stiff you can get another set of front springs that have a lower spring rate (are softer). Using a set out of a newer truck if they are the same length could work. Removing a leaf from the pack is also a possibility, but might make your front end lower or too bouncy. You could also get brand new springs for the front for about $300 or less.
Oh yeah, my BFG mud terrains are awful in the ice. Really awful. The all terrains were ok, but real snow tires are the shit, especially the new studless ones after a season or so.
What's the fuel pressure at the manifold? Those are super picky, you need atleast 55-60 psi to fire off.
Seems to be on the high end of normal. Put the truck in neutral with the e brake on and twist the driveline back and forth. If it is excessively sloppy (1/4 turn or more) then your rear end is on it's way out. Mine has about 1/3 of a turn (really sloppy) in the rear end, and has for over 2 years. I'm waiting for it to blow, but it doesn't seem to want to.
Tesla does some direct sales where it is available. However tesla is a very low production manufacturer. Here's what you're forgetting. Sales is only one part of what a dealership does. You can buy a car entirely by phone or online at most any dealership if you want. If you don't want to haggle, you don't have to. Service is what you need a true brick and mortar for. So say you want to use the tesla model, and you live in washington (my state). There is 2 tesla service centers in the entire state. Both in the seattle metro. You need your car serviced, warranty work, recall, anything. You have to drive to the service center. If you are lucky tesla has a loaner and they will come swap you out. They don't have very many loaners though. So if you live in spokane, you are driving 8 hours to seattle, staying there until they fix your car, and then driving 8 hours back. Or you wait until they have a loaner to swap out. Possibly months with no car to drive. In order to provide true service, you would need a service center within about an hour of every large-ish town. If these were only owned by the manufacturer the cost burden would be unsustainable. Inventory, production, and sales specifics are another problem that has been covered in this thread.
Deal, i wouldn't do it for that much. Dodge dashes are a serious pain to remove.
They have to have a loaner available, which they don't have a lot of.
Start getting your car inspected regularly by the same mechanic. Jiffy-lube and the quicklane oil changes are fine as far as oil goes, but a real shakedown by the same person everytime will notice more stuff as it starts to wear out. By doing these repairs proactively you will save money in the long run. For example if your power steering line starts leaking just a little bit. If you replace it and don't run the pump out of fluid, you can avoid a bigger repair. If your cv axles start going, doing them right away can keep them from taking out your wheel bearings. Also if you keep on top of it, you don't get a surprise bill with like 10 things wrong with your car. This is the biggest difference between a super nicely maintained 1992 accord, and the POS 2008 that is right next to it that needs waaay more work.
i would have to say that depends on the finish you choose. You could go with an epoxy based finish and have it be hard as a rock if you wanted.
Why not just get a propane refrigerator?
yeah that was my though too, however they do make flexible epoxy coatings now that are extremely durable. Realistically an oil sealant reapplied every few years will work great, and the new coat will etch into the old and hide the scratches.
Probably when the throttle stuck wide open on my '72 Triumph GT6 and it started spinning. I pirouetted across through 6 lanes of traffic, between the pumps at a gas station, and slightly hit the back wall. Must have spun 7 or 8 times. Pretty sure i closed my eyes as i saw those gas pumps closing in, and was pleasantly surprised when i didn't get turned into a flameball. I mean i shifted into neutral and killed the car after about the first spin, but by that point i was fucked since it was wet out.
use isopropyl alcohol instead.
not that you can get a loan on. Less than 10 years old with under 120k miles.
get a mechanics stethoscope. They are cheap. Put it on parts until you find where it is coming from. My bet's on the air compressor clutch.
Does is smoke pure white or blueish white. Also does it use water? Before you doom it, have a leakdown test done. Those engines like to blow heads and a new head or headgasket could solve your problem for much less. Also check to see if the timing chain has eaten through it's cover, which will mimic the symptoms of a headgasket failure. Pull the waterpump and look/feel inside of the cavity. You will be able to see if the chain has worn through the timing cover into the waterpump cavity. They are pretty easy to rebuild. So if you were doing the work yourself you could save a bunch, but taking it to a shop the labor would eat that up. Buy a remanufactured engine with a warranty and have them install it.
loose exhaust heat shield, i'll give 2 to 1 odds. It's the metal shroud on the very front there where the exhaust manifold comes out. That's more of a fast rattle than a scrape.
This guy is right. Best case scenario with a lawyer you spend a bunch of money and the mechanic has to pay you the value of the car. Hint blue book on that is a couple hundred. Any decent mechanic will fix something they got wrong. Check your oil levels first. And brake fluid levels. Then your battery terminal connections. When doing a thermostat and coolant hose not much needs to be disconnected, but it is possible a connector got bumped, so look for loose connectors or wires around the hoses. If all the fluids are full, the connections are good, and it's still going haywire, have them take a look at it. Chances are it isn't something they did, but rather a coincidence. Especially the ABS light, a coolant job put's you nowhere near that.
true. Do a leakdown test to make sure it isn't a burnt valve or bad valve seal. A reman would be cheaper. And keep that beast on the road, or give it to me, my wife would kill me but i could use a 5th one.
http://www.harborfreight.com/mechanics-stethoscope-69913.html If it's not the heat shield get one of these and start putting it on accessories and pulley bolts to see which is the loudest.
meh, a 2010ish kia or hyundai for about $6k with a few hundo down might work fine. Sure they aren't forever cars, but they are cheap.
you can also do a 4 year, or 3, or 2, if you want. Sure a $15k camry would last a lot better, but that probably isn't in the cards for them.
nah. You hand him a beer with a lit M80 in it, and ask him to count to ten.
While yes this will work, it will use more gas than a 1000w generator, or even a 5000w generator, and will wear your hybrid batteries and car much more. What would you rather replace, a $1,000 or less generator or a $20k plus car. This is ok for emergency situations or occasional use. That's it.
if it was the heater core it would smell like coolant. But yes, the vent is likely clogged and a/c condensation is building up like u/imprl59 said.
Which type of stereo remover? if it's the u shaped ford ones, you need to push them in until they just click (at the right angle too) but no further. Then thump the face of the radio with your fist lightly but soundly, and pull out on it using something other than the tools. (try a finger in the cassette deck, etc)
So that actually would have to be modified to work. The rail for the latch goes right through where he cut, so in order to open the tailgate it must have been rerouted. Plus the tailgate color is slightly off, so he probably has the original at home and just got a junkyard one.
yeah. there should be a few 10mm bolts around it. Soak em in pb blaster first, they like to snap off.
X-Car is a big name around here. They import from Canada and title in WA through their wholesale license and then sell at auction. To be a registered importer you would need a license in the US. A warehouse or storage yard with proper fencing, and a mechanic shop and mechanic on-site. Then start jumping through hoops. It took us a year or more to get our license.
Pulling the heat shield and checking accessories can all be done underhood without a lift. But a shop should be able to find it quickly too. And i never mind when people bring me gravy jobs like that.
Replace all the bushings in the front end as well as the ball joints. It's time. Use new, high quality, parts. Those will eat up cheapos in a few miles. Get greasable moog ball joints.
Either get stock ones from a dealer, or aftermarket clamp style ones.
They won't change your oil because when it does blow up, they don't want you blaming them. Changing the oil won't make it blow up. Just do it yourself or visit an independent mechanic. I would make you sign an estimate beforehand that notes the knock and the fact that the engine might go at any time. And getting an engine swapped at a chain place is not really a good idea.
What country are you in? Looks like a toyota 4 banger head to me. but that design is pretty generic. the old 22r's had offset valves i think though. Maybe a 18rc? or a VW 1.8?
Just compare the new to the old. If they used a different bank they will have to do different paperwork. It could be higher apr, lower, or exactly the same. Really no way to tell until they show it to you. It's probably the same though.
they are vehicle-specific usually.
Pull the stereo and test the speakers one by one with a AA battery. If they test fine, then replace the stereo. Without knowing make/model we can't tell you if it is a common problem or if there is an easy way to test it.
Weathertech ones are the best. but pretty spendy. That fit is always perfect though.
Did the previous owner provide you with paperwork proving the job was done, or just an estimate for what the truck needs done?
you need the hose to redirect the water outside of the firewall. Generally just poking it with a screwdriver and cleaning it out works. Often i enlarge the opening on the outside just a little bit if it gets clogged up with pine needles or something else often. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmeQiOrHFug heres a video on how to do it. It was just the first one i pulled up.
i would suggest a pressure test first. It sounds like a pinhole leak in the heater core from the description, but the coolant on the fluid pan would indicate another leak.
yeah. I would suggest it before it starts overheating. Could be a few things. Water pump, radiator, hoses, thermostat gasket, etc.
That's just lazy paintwork. It almost always looks like that after the clear coat is sprayed, but the wetsanding and buffing is usually done before the customer receives the car.
it would sit pretty cockeyed then. I've had em break before and then they don't sit right.
Yup. This is my 20th year, around 10 i got burnt out and worked construction for a bit but the pay was shitty. Came back. Now around year 20 i have fond dreams of becoming a shitty farmer. But i know it's just wishful thinking. Got bills to pay.
Most, especially the good ones people kept around were a V8 and an auto. They did make some manual V6's and 4 bangers. They sucked and no one bought them. The V8 stickshift was a very rare option. When they came out with the TH350 3 speed automatic in 1969, it was awesome. The TH400 was used in the SS i believe, with 300ish horsepower. The 2 speed powerglide was still available on lower model cars. The stickshifts were mostly in the SS models (but kinda rare) and the 4-6 cylinder models which no one kept. Also if you can find a 1970 SS396, get it. They are pretty rare and it was the last year of the 396.
If you really want to buy something that cheap, look for a low mileage fullsize american sedan. Or put it down on a toyota, honda, etc. that's newer and will last you a long time. Buying a $4k european car will cost you atleast that in repairs in the next year or two.
this needs to be further up. Raw cement will leach lye out and mess with your soil pH.
yeah, i spaced that. They were all the inlines.
Just a suggestion for next time, you can cut your time down, and get it cleaner, by removing the seats. Just make sure to disconnect the battery for a few minutes on cars with side airbags. Looks like you did a pretty good job for your first time.
Fucking with it will only cause headaches. It rarely fails. If you just want to get cheaper keys i can understand, but cutting into your wiring harness is not really a good idea.
haha.. that's awesome. Fuck people who drive on the road with those on blinding oncoming traffic.
Nay, use them like headbeams or i will throw shit at you when you pass me.
buick lesabre. Wicked cheap, reliable, and 29 mpg highway. You can buy a really nice one for under about $3k. I work at a car dealership, and i have two cars both at $5k. One is a 2004 with 40k miles fully loaded, and one is a 2001 with 170k miles and no options. Guess which one is a buick and which is a honda.
try and get an old man one, drop all the ones with rims. They are wicked reliable.
I don't do the back seats, except in older minivans and SUV's. But i work at a dealership, so doing them the fastest way possible is important, and we have all the tools to do it correctly.
French fries and crap under the seat + time = mold. It's just a lot easier to get out on some rigs by pulling the seats.
exactly. They will put a whole new harness in. Put some rodent traps out when you get it back. in order for this to have happened, signs would have been there before the damage. Like rat poop all over under the hood.
Yeah we do, it's why we don't buy cars from y'all. haha. I drive a 94 with 280k miles and not a speck of rust.
The lower radiator hose is a 2 piece unit with a metal bit in the middle. You can just go find a matching one at a parts store. Or you can use a celica lower radiator hose and bypass all that BS.
1) The dealer records all seem to line up, someone probably just fat-fingered the entry at jiffy-lube or couldn't be bothered to do it exactly and just went off memory. 2) 12,000 KM is pretty standard for synthetic oils.
1/4 to the full line on the dipstick means it is about 3/4 of a quart low, not that big of a deal since the engine holds 5 or so quarts.
i think it was the older 20r celicas that you want to use, but that's just off the top of my head.
It's pretty easy to tell. Clean the transmission off, drive for a bit, then recheck. And yes, transmission fluid, or oil, will sit there for as long as you leave it. It doesn't evaporate.
I would request a cashiers check if you are out of state.
yup. Mines a '72 and it is garbage. I basically rewired the whole thing and installed a chevy 1-wire. It works great now. I can even use a radio!
Under $10k, yes. Otherwise a cashiers check is preferred. Unless you want to spend an hour or two doing IRS disclosures and bringing your Soc. Security card.
Build the shop/barn first, use it to hold materials, tools, etc. A pole building is easy and cheap to build and get permits for. Camp out inside it. My buddy built a loft over one bay of his (after it was permitted and inspected) and used it while he built the cabin. Now it's the guest space.
meh, and count it like 15 times with multiple people. It's just a pain in the ass.
I love the 5.0 too. Plus they tow really well.
Whichever one has been maintained the best. At $6k it'll be a crapshoot. It could be a really crappy tacoma, or a really nice F250. Brand won't matter as much as condition.
no not really 15 people, just 2. and we don't have a cash counter here. Cashiers checks are just a lot easier and my preferred method. Plus i don't really have to check them for counterfeit either.
Is your thermostat stuck open? put it in a pot on the oven with a your kitchen thermostat, and compare where it opens to the recommendation for your car. If it's sticky, or scratched, just replace it.
It's visible from my window, and they keep dumping their damn raw sewage into our shared body of water. Shit's expensive there. They get much more vacation time than us. They don't really get paid better, but since their taxes go towards public services it seems that they have less crippling debt that isn't due to being a dumbass. Oh yeah, and cheese. Why the fuck do ya'll come over here to buy giant blocks of cheese?
A basic re-ring overhaul kit costs under $200. With all rings, gaskets, main and rod bearing. A performance rebuild with new crank/cams can be done under a grand yourself if it doesn't need any machine work. They are really simple. One of the best engines to learn on.
Where do you buy magical 1-packs of lugnuts? They always come with an axles worth unless you go dealer direct which cost's almost as much as the whole set.
Sell the parts that are in good condition, then scrap it.
1) remove cluster, polish with clear plastic polish (you can try with it on, but good luck getting the edges) 2) Soaking it with a damp warm towel, then drying it with a hairdryer and treating it with leather conditioner will tighten up the leather a bit. 3) Mequiars, armor-all, and other grease based interior wipes are usually crappy. Some are better than others, but i only use a water-based interior shine after APC.
13.3 is normal, It'll float a little over right after you shut it off. 14.5 is good charging while running. That's right where it's supposed to be. 12.6 after sitting a few hours is a fully charged battery, but it'll read high for a little bit.
That's a hit and run, depending on the damage it can be a felony. Hope she doesn't get caught.
Have it removed and repainted. Maaco paint jobs are generally too thin to buff properly without damage.
It's usually the hinge bushings on those. With the door open can you lift it up and down a bit? I've replaced 3 so far this week if that tells you how common it is on a chevy. If not they make a tool to adjust those doors, but no one but a bodyshop should buy them. It basically is a huge lever that clips on the door pin and hinge so you can get leverage properly.
or heeled construction boots, an inch+ heel makes it a lot easier to keep balance on a roof truss.
Good luck with coffee unless you are in a semi-tropical area. I've heard about houseplants or greenhouses but it seems like a lot of time to wait for a very little reward. Tea however i am curious about. Bay leaves are however extremely easy. It's basically just a laurel.
basically they mix the paint and clear together. Strap a static charged rod on your car. Dust it with paint using an ionized charged air compressor. Then they bake it to level out the paint a bit and make it smooth. It is generally very thin and pretty easy to remove. A buddy who worked there said they usually only used about a pint of paint on a whole small car, or a quart on a truck. It's not a good paintjob and is only intended to last for a short while.
Go for it then!
Yeah, you kinda get what you pay for. To paint my truck it cost about $4k....
pre-64 is much more expensive(ie more collectible). A post-64 runs much less. I got my ted williams in better shape than that for $250.
every 6 months then is optimal. A year probably wouldn't hurt anything. and yeah, the filter could deteriorate, especially a paper one like a fram.
Replace the pin bushings first. It's an easy job. If it's still loose at the top a bit, put an old shoe in the bottom and slam the door a couple times. That'll help bend it back into shape.
cerium oxide, and a heavy rotary buffer with a leather pad. It's more expensive than just buying a windshield for sure. They make felt pads that can go on a high speed drill, but they don't work that well IMO.
http://www.doylevacuum.com/ Get the three motor supervac. It's rad and it's what i have. It'll cut you if you hit skin though. JK that's overkill unless you have a detailing shop. But really just look for a high quality vacuum, don't believe the HP ratings printed on the side either.
oil burning stove in the garage. It doesn't heat quite as well as wood, but since i work on cars for a living it's free. Plus no extra chopping and i can just turn it off when i leave, i don't have to wait for it to die out.
No idea, bought it from the local carwash for a few hundred and rebuilt it. I'm guessing a couple/few grand. Worth it. Ours is 15 years old now with minimal maintenance and everyday use.
bad link, coming up 502 for me. edit. Ok now it works, after i shoot off my big mouth
no shit eh? i didn't even notice.. haha.. thanks.
Yeah, they extended it to 10 years on certain transmissions.
Meh, that's not so bad. I do worse all the time. Black mold is the one that'll hurt ya, not so much the regular kind. They make a tablet system that gasses up the car overnight to kill all the mold. Basically you put the tablet in a cup full of water and it bleaches the car inside for you w/o damaging the surfaces. Your local supply distributor should have it, it is not an "off the shelf" item. Use it while running the HVAC system on recirculate for a couple hours. turn it off and let it sit overnight. Then you remove all the trim, seats, and center console, steam clean the crap out of everything. Use a good apc and soak everything down. Then vacuum it up. Replace the cabin air filter. Then detail like normal. Most of the extra work is waiting around for the tablet to do it's job, but i charge by the hour for mold removal and it is much more expensive than a regular job. I usually try and fix the source of the leak while i'm at it.
It's better than nothing and it'll get the salt off.
Check your voltage, check your fuel pressure, check your fuel filters.
use a voltmeter. Or pull the battery and have it tested at the parts store. Borrow a fuel pressure gauge while your there and use it on the truck. Sounds like a bad fuel pump to me if the battery is fine.
fair enough. It's what my detail supplier suggested as a remedy and it has worked really well for me. It penetrates and gets in all the nooks and crannies as a gas. If someone really wanted to do it right they would shell out the big bucks to have the whole thing done. I've found that this treatment can work well at a much lower price point. Although the tablets are super expensive at around $100 a pop.
Yeah, get a real reciever hitch. Those bumper mounts are only for small stuff. The bumper is bent from towing too much.
Small scale hydro. First things first, find out your flow rate. If it's high enough, you can use a propeller style. Otherwise you'll need to pipe water out horizontally far enough to get a good drop, run it over a pelton wheel (spoon) turbine, then return it to the river. A properly designed pelton wheel system diverts very little water (3-4" pipe) and returns it clean to the river. You need a good grating system that will need to be cleaned often to keep critters and debris out. Pelton wheel turbines can provide a lot of power, more than enough for a houses needs. Sunken propellers cannot, and can hurt wildlife if they hit the blades. A waterwheel is another option, but would require a house/box near the creek. However it is very safe for wildlife and reliable. Worst case scenario a fish takes a small tumble over the wheel. Lotsa good links here.. http://www.builditsolar.com/Projects/Hydro/hydro.htm Most systems i've seen are pelton wheels on "uncategorized" and unmanaged creeks of a much smaller size. They dig the piping system first to within "x" feet of the creek, bury it all, then connect it to the creek at the end.
I've seen pretty successful ones run off 10 or so feet of head. Just used 4" inlets and necked down to small nozzles on a smaller pump.
You can get a pre-approval from your bank. Basically tell them the cars you are looking at and the price range. Include 10% for taxes/fees to estimate. This will give you an example rate and can be used once the dealership gives you a purchase order that has the exact vin, and purchase price including taxes and fees for the vehicle. Then just ask if the dealership can meet or beat the rates.
1992 Honda civic, granted this was in like 2003-4. 9 Accidents, Two total losses, and over 10 owners. I bought the shit outta that car for $900 and later sold it for over $5k once painted up. It was a motor swapped rice burner that i painted road cone orange. The kid who bought it totaled it again 2 weeks later.
Sounds like a pretty bad knock. Does it have oil in it?
Just watched some youtube videos. It wasn't too hard. I will say it's not a great idea if you aren't mechanically inclined. I had to drill holes and weld onto my woodstove. Also i used a brake drum with the holes welded shut from the burn pot, and a brake rotor over the top as a baffle plate which is a little different. It really reduced the oil consumption though.
take the payout, fix it cheap, sell it out of state before applying for a title. It's called title washing, and it was definitely a thing before electronic record keeping laws shared between states.
Over a certain amount it is a felony. And cars are almost always over that amount. You bounce a check and i call, maybe you forgot to transfer the funds, or the bank didn't do it in time. It happens. If it doesn't get solved that day, i'm calling the cops. Then i'll worry about a repossession. I've only had it happen once. The guy is still in jail as far as i know (he did it to a couple places over a weekend).
probably not a great idea, fire insurance and all.
Go with Name-Brand or OEM on something like that. Unless you wanna redo them in a year or two.
P1800. The Swedish princess.
Better off taking them to an upholsterer to have them redone if you want them like new again.
That's what i wanted to suggest. You can use a router and other woodworking tools on corian.
It's pretty common with vacation property to go it with a couple families. So the legal framework is there, You would just have to tweak it for agricultural use.
I would put a lip on the back so that you could make the cushions separate with a tab on them so they don't slide forward. Maybe attach that back piece of 3/4 to the cushions instead of the base and just have it lock into a strip behind the hinged panels. The cushions should be something like a wrapped piece of 1/3 or 3/8 ply with 2.5-4" of foam on top. I also probably woundn't use 3/4 ply or such a crazy base. That's overkill and will make it excessively heavy.
I used a cooler and just swapped my hob and heater and air pump into it for a few days, it was fine while i let the tank settle down and got the extras up and running and to params.
This is what i run, i just made a pvc grid and run it reverse flow off a powerhead under my gravel. Params are always dead on, and i only add water and do monthly changes. Basically i wanted to keep dead spots out of the gravel and it kinda makes the food/detritus "float" over the gravel and go into the filter.
Depends on the state and city. Some states charge more than others, same with cities. The fees reflect that. Some are also outrageous, and some are reasonable. Sometimes they jack up the fees so they can advertise a lower price and still make the same, sometimes they don't. It's a case-by-case situation.
Yes. You use a degree wheel after torquing them down. They are probably torque-to-yield bolts and you have to use new ones every time.
Back before the ranger was a separate truck. Explorer was another package too, not a separate vehicle. You could get a F150 Ranger Explorer edition, and if they are all original panels that's probably what you have.
Should be just fine.
also what kind of truck is it?
yeah, i've tried twice. Any more than that then fuck it, i got iron to move.
Where are you getting your batteries? I see a lot of batteries fail after 9 months to a year. They are generally of poor quality. Walmart, or tire shop house brands spring to mind. I see lots of OEM or premium batteries that are still working great after 5+ years. Also you should check your car for parasitic drains.
the auto houses usually offer several levels of quality, from crap-in-a-box, to passable quality.
No problem. Car buying is much easier than people make it out to be. 1) Find a car you would like to look at. 2) Find out what similar cars are priced at in your area using any listing service (i like cargurus). Make sure the comparables are actually comparable. IE same model, year, options, and miles. 3) Drive the car to see if you like it. 4) have a pre-purchase inspection done at a reputable independent mechanic. 5) make an offer on the car based off your research into what other cars are priced at. 6) Pay for the car (financing or cash) 7) Drive the car home. With the internet and everyone being able to comparison shop instantly, you will find that most cars are in a very similar price range if they are the same cars. Eliminate any low-lyers (usually poor condition or salvage, or any other reason) or ones priced much higher than average (usually BHPH or something wierd). The ones in the middle of the pack will usually all be within $500 of each other. That's what your looking for. Pick from those.
If you are getting repeated failures on newer high quality batteries, it's time to have your charging system tested. Make sure your terminals are clean and tight, and have a load test performed on your battery after it is fully charged. Then have the alternator tested and check the grounds.
A carfax will list any accidents that are reported to the police, as well as where the vehicle came from. Important information to be sure, but it has little to do with the mechanical condition of the vehicle.
I'm 5'11" and they're fine for me.
Easiest way is to swap it drum-to-drum (the whole axle) with the differential in it. Put new brakes on it and get an alignment and you're good to go. Should just take basic tools. Buy a chilton's manual to get step-by-step instructions. Make sure the gear ratio is the same on both rigs.
There's a pivot pin inside of your drum that often freezes up. Unfortunately you have to press the axles and wheel bearings out to get to it.
VTEC's are going for $750 at a junkyard. Non-VTEC's are $500. Those come with a warranty usually. Private party craigslist sale, you'll probably get about $500 for a engine and tranny combo, maybe 6 if it's VTEC. But it might take forever and you might get $250 for it. Is it really worth the effort?
Oregon doesn't have sales tax, so they won't probably have a way to do it. They'll give you the signed off title, and you register it yourself and pay sales tax.
Depends. Most will last 5-10 aftermarket. Just not 20 like a stock one.
The transfer case or transmission yoke shouldn't need lubed. Most rangers have a secondary slip yoke that does need lubed periodically.
Don't get FMJ. But .243 should all be legal. Make sure to do your final sight in and hunt using the same box of ammo.
Generally not for large game. Only for waterfowl. CA might be different though. Looks like CA requires non-lead for pretty much all shotgun hunts statewide, and only for rifle hunts on CDFW land. https://nrm.dfg.ca.gov/FileHandler.ashx?DocumentID=126146&amp;inline So depending on where you are hunting, you could use lead, but you can use non-lead everywhere.
The RX7 has a button to operate the flip-up headlights without turning them on. It also has a button on the stereo that says "METAL". It's probably a tape adapter setting, but i like to think it's for when i put in the def leppard. The Toyota pickup has a clutch start cancel, so that i can use the starter to move it around if it's not running. Or i can start it in gear it the clutch fails. The Model T has a lever to control ignition timing.
the front wheels turn, so it wouldn't work up there. It's a mudflap/stone guard, just a tiny car version of one.
They're $300 new for the gun itself. About 180 for the scope. All-in someone could build a brand new one for probably $550. So top dollar for a used one is probably less than $450.
Bolt extractors are sold at most parts stores and hardware stores. They will also have new oil drain plugs at autozone or wherever.
It's brake dust most likely.
Generally CR tests over the first couple years. Honda's tend to have tiny fit and finish issues, subaru not so much. It's when you get up over 100k miles that the honda's really start showing their reliability long-term. And subarus generally don't need headgaskets until about 120k.
also a thread chaser might be a good idea before you put the new one in if the threads are mangled. Just put grease on the cutting head to catch any metal shavings.
I second the XJ. You can buy a nice one, lift and tire it, add some rock protection, a winch and bumpers, and such, and still be under budget. A 4Runner or YJ will put you over budget even with small mods, or you will get a crappy one you'll have to fix up. Bonus points for 4.0L Inline 6 durability too.
Cedar is super soft, and it'll cup a little, but it's mainly just used for fence boards so it doesn't matter. It's generally used as a greenwood, unless it's red or spanish cedar for box liners.
NP. Here in the northwest we have plenty of cedar. 99% of it ends up as 1x6 fence boards. It's just too soft for much else.
The exemption is usually for gifting a car. So since you're paying for it, and obviously with a leinholder, you won't qualify without defrauding the DMV.
Hmm.. that's different than WA so i would call the DMV and ask.
depends what you want out of it. If you want a daily/streetable car, a GM performance 350 is hard to beat for reliability. These will have a cam, upgraded crank, pistons, and rods, maybe better heads, and an intake and carb. But really the moon is the limit, you can fit whatever you want. I would suggest getting the bodywork and restoration pristine, and dropping in a mild 350. You can always build the motor more later, it's hard to do more body restoration later. Plus a performance 350 small block turnkey runs less than $5k. Say another $2500 max for the rest of the engine bay stuff, even with tranny drivelines and a rear end, you're under $10-12k for all the running gear installed. That'll give you a quick car that sounds great. With plenty of budget to make it look amazing.
The newer ones post-2008 are better for sure.
Only because they struggle to do 30 MPH. The suspension is so soggy on those that standing on the bumper to one side will bottom out the suspension.
The outback will hold it's value much, much, better.
depends on how well you take care of it and how you wash it. I've seen it last 2 years, i've seen it last 10.
The outback isn't a midsize sedan... But it holds its value much better. Also, more room. The new legacy's are much better in term of trim options, but they still are the budget subaru's.
I hear ya. it should be "oh what a 90's feeling!" Side note, i totally drive 3 nearly identical 1994 toyota pickups.
That's a good way to light yourself on fire when the sealant fails btw. Definitely don't do that. Maybe if it was metal and you welded a bung onto it. But there isn't enough material for the plug to actually thread into on a plastic tank.
How much mowing? MTD makes a 33" wide cut that's sold through many brands. Mines a cub cadet with the briggs 10.5 horse. A used one will be a bit over budget though. New they are over a G. And a bagger is an extra $200. Totally worth it if you have to mow over an acre. My mowing went from 5 hours a week to 1. I'm also a big fan of the small honda self propelled ones with the GC160 or 190 motor. We've had several for multiple places and all are still going strong. No idle disconnect though, when it's on the blade is going. But they are super easy to start. They are under $400 new. Most of the smaller ones have no idle disconnect. Older Snappers or Honda Harmony's are also an option. Good mowers, but fixed deck, so if your lawn isn't flat it'll cut funny.
Yup. Out of the 5 or 6 honda's we have, only 2 have broken. One needed a new clutch after ~10 years. The other one hit an oil heating fill pipe and bent the crank. The clutch was an easy fix, the bent crank made that one a parts mower.
I've got it dialed in just the way i want. Better gearing, upgraded suspension, larger tires, and a bigger newer 3.4L motor. A work canopy has room for a cot, and i have a heater in it. The little boat fits on top. All my fishing gear fits nicely in the canopy racks i made. Plus i painted it my favorite color. I could basically live out of it if i need to. It's a 94 Toyota with 283,000 miles. But with all the work i've done, its pretty much brand new. Sure i could have bought a much newer Tacoma with the money i spent, but what's the fun in that. Also my other 94 is a truggy with a 450hp chevy engine. So it's nice to match, ones a really nice do-everything sleeper, the other is a mean wheeler.
And don't forget the inside of your nose. Man it sucks when the sun reflects off the water and burns the inside of your nostrils. I'm a redhead. Sure it's 90 out, i'm wearing longsleeves and long pants with a big hat. I'm fishing, i don't give a crap what i look like. TLDR: SPF100 for the win.
Throw the electric choke kit on it. Or get a bicycle cable luber and lubricate the cable periodically.
Cost. While he could definitely do it and stay on budget, it will really depend on the bodywork cost. If there are rust issues or overruns, a 350 can be put in for much less money. If the piggy bank still has some in it after bodywork, i would definitely suggest going LS. Plus you can always do that swap later, you can't do a frame-off later without starting over.
Get some lacquer thinner and get that off there. Then use a paintbrush and stay inside the lines. It won't be a noticeable difference then.
If it's ten years old, 5 lbs low on pressure, and not blowing cold. Then vacuuming the old and putting in new will work fine for a few more years.
about 40 percent of americans live next in counties bordered by the ocean. Blew my mind when i just googled that.
http://imgur.com/qZS9r87
borax is a strong soap, you don't want it to be in contact with skin for long. If you use it on the lawn, make sure to water afterwards.
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120654/ You too can watch your fantasy courtesy of the pinnacle of crappy 90's comedy.
I have a blood parrot cichlid i got many years ago. They're retarded overbred fish, but this one is a tank. I got him when i first got into the hobby and made a few mistakes. He lost an eye due to an infection. I moved him into a different tank than my main one, and learned to keep a much better eye on water params and sharp decorations. He's lazy and hides in his rock a lot, but just keeps on livin'. He's both my least, and most favorite.
There is waaay too many eagles where i live in the NW. I'm at work now and there's one less than 100 ft of me. Being a dick, like usual. At my favorite fishing spot it is customary to throw your first trout to the eagles so they fight over it instead of stealing all your lures. And yesterday i got to watch said work eagle fuck up like a dozen crows that were pestering it. That was actually kinda cool.
yeah, i never leave the dealer plates on. They'll disappear. Plus they're usually just a magnet. Also if traffic is bad, sometimes the truck driver will drop the new auction stuff by my house so he doesn't block the road. I only live like a block away from work. And no, it hasn't happened in a while so it isn't me.
Well they hold a lot, so fill it up and move on to the next side while you rotate it. Mine seems to work out about right, by the time i fill a side, the other side is done composting. And yeah, it's really good to keep it closed up. You have to water it if it gets dry, but it's not too much.
Probably a really bad idea... I doubt the seals and injectors, etc, are rated for ethanol.
Yeah, it's got the level-wind. Would go for about $40 in perfect condition. As-Is you're looking at a few bucks as a conversation piece. I have about 10 or so similar reels. None with that engraving though.
How much pressure does it build on the gauge? does it switch back on on it's own as you use it? Check pressure at the outlet. Should be kicking off at whatever it's set to (140 psi on mine, your switch should say). If it's kicking off early and kicking back on, the pressure switch is probably bad. If it kicks on and then quits, one of the start/run capacitors in the motor is probably bad. Also, have you drained the water from it lately?
If they were really dragging, you wouldn't be able to touch the wheel at all without burning yourself. Sounds like normal stop-n-go to me.
https://www.grainger.com/product/SWAN-75-ft-x-3-4-dia-Water-Hose-9AG15 They sell them at almost every hardware store too. Reinforced rubber instead of plastic or PVC is what you want. You can run them over and they won't crush too.
Second this, blech white is made for whitewalls. Then protect with your favorite sealant. 303 aerospace works well on whitewalls, especially since you're not going for that "wet black" look.
He's not going to be able to refi a used car at 2%.... The dealership is packing GAP as a profit marker, and using it to make up for profit lost by giving up the financing flat in order to show a lower rate than would typically be offered. Depending on the car's value this can be benificial to both parties. The dealership gets paid a little for gap, and the customer pays less interest. It all depends on the price of the car though. For a cheaper car, the interest savings will probably not realize a savings that outweighs the GAP cost.
Yeah, but 90% of consumers will go buy whoever has the lowest price on the window. So advertising a car at a loss and making it up on the back end is very common nowadays. If you want a fair price and no haggling then that's great. Car dealerships don't like doing it. It's just that customers love to haggle.
Take the bumper off, grind off the old and broken tabs. Use plastic welding epoxy to attach a new metal tab or L-bracket (either fab one up or get a generic hardware store one and modify it) then bolt it back on. Make sure to get a nice grinded surface to glue to. If you really want to make it last, put some holes in the bumper side of the tab/bracket and use melt-on plastic rivets to secure it to the bumper. This would probably damage the paint though.
I don't see any big gashes or anything, just a bit of curb rash. Sure they probably "should" be replaced, but like 3/4 of all tires i see are like that in atleast one spot.
Yup. My buddy is a log truck driver. With his 2 trucks (he has a buddy that works with him) he has an income of over $900k/Year. Subtract costs and he's left with about $60k a year.
I just use rubbermaid garbage cans. 2 for cans, 1 for bottles. Crush the cans, wait till the 2 are full, and take to the recycling place. The bottles i have to separate by color at the pickup bin, so i do it more often.
What coast, and what are you fishing for, that'll make a yuuuge difference.
Can't help you there, i'm on the other coast.
Yeah, pretty much just petty crime. And not even that much of it compared to pretty much everywhere else. It's just people here are like 40 years behind learning to lock their doors and not leave expensive shit out in the open.
You would need both present in WA.
Use a snubber. I always use one when trolling for loose-lipped fish (mostly kokanee trout). You can make them out of surgical tubing, or buy your own. https://www.fishusa.com/product/Luhr-Jensen-Dipsy-Diver-Snubber?utm_source=google_ps&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_campaign=google_ps&amp;gclid=CjwKEAjwvYPKBRCYr5GLgNCJ_jsSJABqwfw7T5Hh-COW-d4gtjjkwG3wRnZaA1pqYdVcykQMfpPQJhoCs1vw_wcB&amp;utm_source=google_ps&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_campaign=google_ps&amp;gclid=CjwKEAjwvYPKBRCYr5GLgNCJ_jsSJABqwfw7T5Hh-COW-d4gtjjkwG3wRnZaA1pqYdVcykQMfpPQJhoCs1vw_wcB Holy crap that's the worlds longest url....
Must have a canopy or toolbox. I prefer a canopy. Keeps everything dry and all my tools secure. Also must have a tow package, if you're not towing anything, buy a civic.
Salt or Fresh? i live in the area so i can probably recommend tackle.
yeah right, but i wasn't about to open another tab and google it again for a shorter url...
Having been in several "tiny homes" i'm always leave shaking my head. It's a rebranded park model mobile home at a higher price point. Which we used to have as a cabin. It was ok for vacationing since we were always out and about, but the truth was we had to build a shop and sheds just to store the stuff we needed.
Those things are scary on the highway. Keep it under 55 if you can. Also what RPM is it running at 55? You might be able to regear the rear end for better cruising. If it's a noise other than it revving up pretty good, then it's time to look at the rolling parts. Wheel bearings, Rear end, drivelines, etc. The switches are aftermarket. Only way to tell where they go is to follow the wires. Stereo's just need 2 power wires and the antenna, the rest is speaker wiring. You can get a vehicle specific fit and wiring kit. Unless it already had an aftermarket head unit i would suggest using the kit.
Buy a new aftermarket one, otherwise you're going to have to put new seals in any used one, and it'll be of unknown mileage and quality.
better option that oil ruining the paint for sure.
Depending on the gear ratio you have, they were never intended to do 60 mph. They are light, get buffeted by wind easily, and only have about 60 HP. Get a tach on it. That'll let you know what RPM's you are running and whether or not it will be ok to drive at that speed.
i was being sarcastic. Plenty of ppl drive trucks and never tow anything. I just tow stuff with my trucks a couple times a week, so a truck without a tow package is useless for me.
The fact that it list commercial doesn't mean much at all. If you own a business, it is very tax advantageous to put the vehicle in as the business's property. It could be a large fleet company that a different person drives it every day, it could be some guy with a corner shop who just drives it back and forth to work. It's nothing like buying a rental vehicle.
Get a prepurchase inspection just like any other vehicle. It's worth the money every time.
Don't buy an ikea matress. They get lumpy after just a couple years. It's far better to spend a grand on something that lasts 15 years, than 200 on something that lasts two.
Yup. I don't really do it at my store since we don't have a separate f&amp;i guy, we just do it ourselves. But I know a lot of stores do it, sometimes even before they let you drive.
If the first thing you ask about is financing, before you even look at an individual car, you have absolutely awful credit and aren't buying a car.
Quality 2.5 inch paintbrush. Electrical tape up from the handle to about a half inch of the ends. Way better than anything else I've ever bought. When the tips wear, just peel back the tape and use a razorblade to cut fresh tips. You can also use it straight on paint without scratching, ie to get wax from between the paint and trim.
Meh, honestly those boats can sit just fine, especially if it's winterized and ran every year. You just service it before the season with all new fluids, check the belts and hoses, and go. It's been going like that for almost 30 years, until the hull or engine gives out it'll probably continue to.
I feel your pain. Good news, hard to break your neck. Bad news, any dress shirt with a neck large enough to button closed is a xxl when you normally wear a l. So basically see a tailor or wear a tent.
Not gonna happen. Having a fwd in a climate that most people want Awd means that it will depreciate much faster. You're not going to get an apples to apples trade for just a few grand out of pocket. Especially since retail does not equal trade in value. Edit: I was bored so I looked it up. The book difference between awd and 2wd is like 3 grand. The real difference in my area is like 8. The fwd models are way back of book. 28 is well over normal trade value.
Fan clutch test cold will tell you if it's really bad. Hot will tell you if it's passable. Sounds like you need a new cap, But i would consider a radiator too. You can test it sort of by removing the hoses and putting a garden hose through it. It should flow pretty much all the water a garden hose can provide, if it backs up it definitely needs replacing.
Document and dealer fee's are capped at $150 in washington. RTA can be quite significant depending on the car. .3-.5% extra tax. If you live in seattle metro you also get to pay $120 for the public transport fee. These have to go as a separate line item, and are marked non-tax fee's because they aren't taxed, not because they aren't taxes. (vehicle sales tax is different than normal sales tax. State 8.4% +.3% + City Sales) It's unlikely that the whole fees are dealer fee's just tacked on. Get a breakdown and see what it is. $150 is the max dealer document fee. While it does say negotiable, it is also illegal to negotiate on anything but sales price in WA, so that's a mute point. If they charge 1 person the doc fee, they have to charge everyone.
Tallboy's, or pounders, are 16 oz.
depends where you're from. Tall boys are 16's here. 24's are called man cans, or another, not appropriate racial name.
24's don't come in 6 packs, 16's do. OP was obviously referring to 16's.
If it's a closed water barrel running off city water, it will already be chlorinated and safe. If you are filling it and refreshing it all the time it should be fine too even from a well. Otherwise if you are worried, you can chlorinate it a little bit. Batch disenfection is what you would want to use. 2 tanks, alternately filled and chlorinated, then used one at a time. We do this at our cabin, and it's like a capful of bleach in a pretty large tank.
cargurus has a nice layout. Good luck, a nice 5.9L 24v is going for gold these days.
/r/AutoDetailing Generally you're going to want to keep it low pressure. Simple green, a brush, and a garden hose will do fine. If you pressure wash, you risk the electronics getting moisture pushed past the seals. With low pressure it is usually fine (cars do drive through mud puddles all the time)
sounds about right. You can also change your brake pads to ceramics, and use coated rotors (i like bosch quietcasts) to keep brake dust to a minimum.
It's got over 200k, paint damage, and mechanical issues. It's worth exactly how much it weighs in scrap for trade. It would cost more to get it up to condition than it would sell for. This would qualify for our "It's worth $500 if it makes it here under it's own power" policy. We would make sure to allow that $500 extra in purchase price of what you are buying, write it back to $1, and sell it through auction (which would net us about nothing once auction fees are paid) or scrap it. Sell it privately for a grand or so, and be ready for every lowlife in the world to come look at it and lowball you, or trade it just to unload it.
If you have an oil leak, don't drive it (fire hazard). If it's otherwise ok i'd risk the ticket on the way to the exhaust shop. Good news is if they can save the cat it won't be very expensive. If they can't it'll still only be a couple hundred.
As a truck dealership owner, i thank you all for your second mortgages. JK. These new trucks are really nice. And interest rates right now are lower than mortgage rates on many of them to move that iron. But you really do need to know that your budget can afford it.
A $650 car might make it a day or a couple years. Only you can decide if you want to take that risk.
yup. reinforce it with the fiberglass tape if you want to. Considering it cracked it might not be a bad idea to build that area up just a bit.
yup. Resin bonds to resin chemically. You could lay it inches thick. It is brittle though, so the fiberglass tape helps add structure.
It's not good or bad. It depends on the situation. I've replaced engines on cars with under 20k miles. One sticks in mind where i noticed a rattle at higher rpm's. Sure as shit when we started looking we found fibers in the oil pump intake. Pulled it apart and there was a rag left in it during assembly at the factory. I've also seen cars that had new engines due to extreme neglect. Sure the engine is new, but you've never serviced a single other part on the car. Basically have a good inspection done, and treat it like any other car. It doesn't make it more or less valuable really. A car is expected to have a good running engine when you buy it.
Yup. Just dropped a deal today. 747 score = no income verification. I would have had to inflate it by $200 a month to make it fly. No go for me. Someone else will buy the car.
Then say that, when you're looking at a specific car, it's different than walking and and saying i need a car, what can you give me.
Why? just because i won't commit fraud and risk my relationship with the lender as a small business to make $500?
Well yeah that's just bold, but under the lender agreement you're the same amount of screwed for $50 as you are $5,000.
The best way would be to have the damage repainted professionally. A passable way would be to clean all the rust out with a fiberglass pen and touch up paint it.
Yeah, that's stupid. I bitch at the lot attendants if they even leave the radio on. The radio should never be the first impression of a car.
i'm pretty sure you can pull the whole fuel pump/sending unit assembly out through the hole. Then you have to disassemble the fuel pump without breaking anything and install the new sending unit. You might be best served buying a whole new assembly.
vacuum leaks, bad fuel filter or pump, intake leak, lots of things. I would change the fuel filter and look for vacuum leaks too though. Probably carbureted too, so that could use a go over.
could be overfueling through the edelbrock badly. Does your oil smell like gasoline?
Cover them up, and keep them off the ground. A barn would be ideal, but even just a lean-to over them with plenty or air circulation will be fine.
yeah, but killdozers &gt; apc's
Sure is possible. Hell you can make that in a day sometimes. You can also make $0 for a couple weeks. It all evens out over the year. He'll probably blow it all on a big screen, then eat ramen and smoke rollies for weeks. It happens to all new salespeople.
I'm pretty sure it was straight up given to them.
It was something they gave them for apprehending some dude at the border if i remember correctly. Gave em a bunch of guns and a car too i think.
Pretty much every leaf blower has a flip switch to turn it into a mulching vacuum. It's just they don't work nearly as well in reverse.
Mine's at 127, rebuilt at 80 just because but it ran fine. I also disconnect the oil metering system and run mixed gas, so that helps a lot.
Yeah, they shook me down too. 4 to 5 star ratings everywhere else. 0 on yelp. They deleted every good review and posted one old review from a lady that was fake (looked it up, she never purchased from us). Then called and offered to "help" get us a better rating. I told them to fuck off.
Oh really? It's a private website, they can do whatever they want. I would have to prove financial harm, and spend way more money than its worth on lawyers. I'm sure yelp is about 50/50 lawyers and shady sales reps, with like 5 people actually building the site.
Front shocks or rear? For rears nothing special, for fronts it depends if you have macpherson style struts. If you do just get a preloaded set with the new coil spring. It's pretty dangerous to change just the shock out without a special tool.
Is that a minnow trap or something?
Quality paintbrush with the bristled taped up so only about a half inch shows. By quality I mean expensive painting brushes, like the Wooster silvertip.
It's not outlawed, but could you imagine the cost for ford to operate in every midsized city in america. The logistics alone would be crazy.
huh. I've never seen that kind. We can't use minnows anymore around here so i don't have a recommendation. We always used to use a cut up 2 liter as kids though.
yup. If they're awesome i always snag the plates when they come in, that way when they come to pick them up i can put them on for them and bullshit some more. Helps to even out the time spent with assholes.
flying into spokane was cheaper than driving my truck alone a while ago. With 2 driving worked out ok.
Pull the plug boots. 10:1 odds your valve cover gaskets are leaking into the plug holes and the boots are covered in oil.
Just drop it off at my house. I totally won't ride it from now until you take the ferry back from victoria.
Green dye. Not all stopleak has it, but most all green dye has stop leak.
Time for a new fender..
Find a place that sells autobody supplies. We get ours from a supply truck, but I come in up to a gallon containers.
haha.. he had vacuum bagged his outfit. Like the hoodie, pants, shirt, socks, and generic aviators, in vacuum sealed bags. He had tons of them. They were also selling the typewriter he used for the letters, and some other stuff they had as evidence.
so, 4 door compact trucks are a joke. The tacoma's, explorer sport tracs, etc are super popular, but a 4' bed is too much of a compromise.
A smaller quad won't go in the bed even with the tailgate down.... A dirtbike won't fit.. if you don't need more than 5 feet, the cargo area of a small SUV will work fine too...
The extra cab will fit a 125 or larger dirt bike, the double cab will not.
Only if it's been resealed lately, Otherwise it will leak more. What do harleys and toyota's have in common? If they don't leak oil, they don't have any in them.
land rover's don't leak oil. They need to run first before that can happen :P
Most people don't, but any real offroader will have a full size spare mounted in the bed. You can't run the stock spare any more after you upsize so it's just dead weight, and the bigger tire generally won't fit. A 5 tire rotation also really helps with tread life with large aggressive tires.
Generally they aren't much more expensive and you get a lot more features. And sometimes even better mileage. The S10 4.3 gets about the same mileage as a 5.3 vortec, the 4.8 might even do better. The 4.0l ranger and the 5.4l 3V get very similar mileage. The fullsize titan and tundra get awful mileage in the older ones though. and the 5.7l HEMI dodge, well... it's a hemi.
You get what you pay for. A shade-tree (unlicensed) "mechanic" will do it for less, but when he messes something up you're outta luck. And brakes are a safety item. 70-90 an hour is a reasonable rate for an independent most places. I know one decent shop that does 65. The rest are all 80+
Yup, as a Dealer we definitely spend the money where it needs to be spent. $30k truck gets a proper detail, classics get a proper detail, a $9k Kia gets a swab of the decks by the in-house guys.
Private sale will probably be fine, you might have to go in with her. I know our auditor is really picky, the addresses have to match for dealership sales, because we can't exactly have the customer drive back a month later when we sell the car.
Ship your current transmission to a transmission shop in the nearest larger city. They'll either use it as a core or rebuild it. Find a reputable one with a warranty.
Jon boat, electric trolling motor, paddling is fine, and great exercise, but trolling at a consistent speed is crucial for lots of kinds of fishing.
Cleaning and greasing the latch works 60% of the time, every time... Sounds like his actuator is actually going bad. Bite the bullet and just replace it. They're pretty taxed for those, hence why people grease them up to try and get a little extra life out of a weak actuator. And also why they end up having to buy a whole new doorpanel when it fails all the way and i have to cut into it to open the back hatch.
Yes, the latch has a motor in it that's called an actuator. Don't buy a used one. The 4Runner ones fail a lot, do you want to do all that work just to do it again in a month? I'm all for some junkyard parts, but those are hard parts, brackets, etc. Electronics are not usually a good bet. Especially since they are usually open to the weather due to a broken window or opened door, whatever.
If you pay with cash, or finance and pay off within 120 days, it makes no difference. If you carry the loan to term we get a small stipend called a flat and make a little more. If you're loan amount is for the full amount of $10k, we will get a flat of about 150-200. If you were willing to take the loan to term, i might consider splitting that with you. So basically, is all the loan hassle worth a $70-100 discount?
No problem man, the finance incentives only make sense if you're buying a 30+ car.
