that engine never fails to make my head turn
I've been on CloudyG3 for a few weeks now and I have 0 issues
or maybe your shits aren't as .. resilient as some of ours
well if your offspring consistently off themselves before coming of age, then I'd say you've proven yourself most unfit
I'm sorry, did someone abort into your cereal this morning?
the flame front travels slower. In a sense diesel burns while gasoline explodes, so when you increase the RPM on a diesel engine, the pistons start to move faster than the flame can travel which creates wonky pressures during the power and exhaust stroke while sending a ton of energy straight out of the exhaust (even more than usual)
i'm slightly jaded from reading about all the american noobs asking questions that they would have known the answers to if they had the privilege of a proper motorcycle riding course with a proper test for their license do you guys want to hear something shocking? I *failed* my first test. I have all kinds of excuses for it some of which I still believe (my first time in the fog), but fact of the matter remains that I had a proper course of more than 15 hours with an proper instructor that always taught 2 students at a time at most, I really was paying attention and wanted to succeed, and I'm really not a dumbfuck, but I STILL FAILED. I failed it because it was hard and I couldn't do it in the circumstances of that day I got it the next time in excellent weather i feel sorry for all the noob riders that got their license and their bike without even the slight anxiety that you might fail a test, because that just means that you didn't get the kind of education that you'd want before riding by yourself
Of course, they're doing the right thing. But I'm not sure if the internet is the right place to learn all of this because people sometimes end up discussing things that would be easily cleared up if someone with experience and authority had eliminated all the obviously wrong answers from the discussion first.
As far as I know those batteries can pretty much report whatever capacity they wish, a reported 3000mah doesn't actually mean that the battery is as good as the stock one
I'm thinking using the in-store PA system to call out the douchebag, that ought to get everybody's attention
Did you know that the visors on full face helmets are required to be shatterproof? Now you know why!
here [ftfy](http://i.imgur.com/KO6uBeh.jpg)
I didn't have a screen protector for my last phone and I don't have one now
it's for when you think that gorilla glass is just a marketing name and not any more scratch-resistant than regular glass
semantics, you know that
you'd think I know that given that I have a Dutch passport. Interesting video nonetheless
I lived in Groningen for years, we referred to our country as Holland and didn't care. The ones who *did* care were always a bit odd
that car is an abomination. I mean what good is a roll-cage if you outright destroy any ability for your car to turn a corner, let alone race on a track?
Well yes, it's probably completely cosmetic anyway
Plus that you'd normally get off on the left side, so to GTFO on the right side is extra hard
I would've gotten as far as "what the f-" before her rear fender brings me back to reality with a thud
Ysmildr is always 100% alert
yeah I was thinking of just hooking up one of those battery banks to my camera. AFAIK it will run on USB power without problems, so I could just put the battery bank in my jacket and run the wire up to my helmet. Or, I could duct-tape the battery to my helmet for extra sillyness
cheaper than an amazon.com 10.000mAh power bank? You're right though, that's a great way to power all kinds of stuff
So where did you get your license? Because I cannot relate with your comment about your teachers skill level at all, and my examiner was clearly a life long rider who professed his preference for Ducatis and clearly loved to ride fast. Also, the exams were *hard*
&gt; How do we get a developer to fix it? Buy them lots of beer
Didn't you get the memo? We hate thin people now! /r/thinpeoplehate I mean, they're so easy to hate with their disgusting thin bodies, I wish I could open up my own McDonalds so I could invite them all over for that goddamn burger that they so desperately need!
It's a sanitation problem if you accidentally mix your meats and then just ship it
in my experience: yes
remember Destruction Derby?
dedicated servers will be coming with the next patch apparently
wasn't it rossi who once said that he doesn't know either, just that it works?
Try crossing the border to Germany for a change, it's not far away I promise!
circle jerk? it's just a law
Get a bigger battery, problem solved! 6000mAh has a way of not draining as fast as 2000mAh
Have you cleared the defaults for chrome?
boomsticks indeed go boom
&gt; with the exception of the beamer pistol [beamer OP](http://gfycat.com/DefiniteHalfEeve) if you can handle it
well before I started using keepass, my passwords weren't known for their rock solid security either. I think it's a huge improvement especially with 2 factor authentication, and I'm not entirely convinced that something like lastpass is actually better. If nothing else, I prefer using something that keeps working when I'm not online
well honestly it's not as if I'm playing other games. I mean I could, but I don't
I think you have to be dead inside, that's pretty much it
I can't answer your question, I can only compare it to my previous phone (nexus 4) and say it's about equal with a warmer tone
license plate says OP is Dutch. It so happens to be that the biggest online gathering of Dutch riders is at motor-forum.nl
just gently shove that stick over there
I think the skin is more of an issue than the SoC. I mean, what good is having lollipop when most of it is hidden? And what good is a good camera if it's hampered when you remove the stock skin and install CM12? Plus you'd have to get an extended battery to get the same sort of battery life as the droid turbo
at 240 euro it's a STEAL. I paid 315 for a *refurbished* 32gb one just a few weeks ago, in Germany
Oh right, the correct nomenclature would be "morbidly obese woman" of course, does that work better for you?
Well, basically you're saying that you really really don't like what they're doing, but you're staying anyway, with a weak sauce assurance that you will be watching them. I don't see why they should even take notice
&gt; Replace "cops" with "some thief at the airport" didn't these cops just fucking steal 11 large? and they'll get away with it too
that's a great photo, you don't often see photos of tight turns like that!
Potentially getting your face smashed in by a highly aggressive guy twice your size is not worth it. Your intact ego won't do you much good when you're getting reconstructive surgery or worse
I'm done wasting my time here. Fuck you and the high horse you rode in on
I can recommend using Apex launcher with 2 apps to toggle the LED and turn the screen off: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.anddoes.launcher https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.farproc.nexustorch https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cmcm.screenoff I used these specific apps because they worked best for me when launched from gestures in Apex launcher. Most other simple programs that offer this functionality work as well, but they still launch as a normal app with a user interface, which is a bother when you just want a flash light and doesn't look great when locking the phone. With the Nexus Torch I can just swipe up to turn the LED on, then swipe up again to turn it off. With this specific screen off app, the phone turns off every time as if it's Apex launcher itself that's doing it, it feels completely stock. What I'm still looking for is something that can turn my screen off like it does when it times out, without actually locking the phone immediately. Maybe I should bust out Android Studio myself and see what works
calling outfit play organized is a big leap
Have you accidentally removed your genitals yet? It seems only a matter of time
- full studs
that should be standard
&gt; charge it if you want to and when it's empty. Li-ion really doesn't like to be left in your backpack at 0% for weeks on end
thanks :)
Do you know what makes her special? She did not try and clean it up, she knows that cleaning it up would only make it worse so the only way forward is to apologize and leave it alone I say put another ring on it, somehow
staying in gear is slightly safer because you can get moving immediately (to dodge whatever is coming your way) getting in neutral is will slightly increase the life of your clutch bearings as has already been explained, and it might give your left foot a rest if you've been in traffic and you're lazy I'd say stay in first unless you don't feel like it
and it sucks spending money on buying, maintaining and insuring a second bike if you would rather be riding your other bike. Just buy 'street' tires rather than 'sport' tires, they have more grip than you can actually put to use on the street anyway unless you're actually a decent track rider in which case you'll probably want to get a track bike instead of a highway commute bike
I carry a metal plate for my side stand, it comes in handy from time to time
I got the Talos Principle
That's an air cooled single in the 200 to 400 cc range, nothing like the bikes you mentioned. I guess it could be the xt500 engine but I'm not sure
I dirty flashed 2.3 over 2.2 with 0 problems
People make fun of you behind your back also not behind your back
:)
What's the point of getting a new faster phone if it'll throttle and slow down when you actually need it to be fast?
&gt; up to 80 easily Not with 125cc and a sidecar you won't
I can dig it
Well you would usually use a jig to fix things in place and cut them, yes, but that doesn't mean that you can't use jigs for something else
Many chargers do this, some worse than others. The charger that came with my nexus 4 did this, luckily my current charger doesn't. I have an external hard drive with a power brick that quietly emits loud shrieking torture when the hard drive is powered down
An extended battery is very different from a battery bank
I switched from cloudy to stock 6.0, no ragrets
theymos believes himself to be a benevolent dictator, when it is clear that he is neither. The core is rotten and all he is accomplishing is that the expunging will be somewhat delayed, and all of bitcoin will be worse off because of it
Thank fuck for that
Switching to the home screen is noticeably faster, Relay for Reddit is noticeably slower. Otherwise things feel pretty much the same to me
I have swipe up in apex launcher set to start nexus torch, works well and is unobtrusive. I liked the key plus option of holding down volume down (or was it up?) as well, that's really convenient, but it kept triggering while my phone was in my pocket
*woosh*
how dare you ask questions?
I don't use it for anything, I never used it on my nexus 4 and with my G3 now I can't use it because I replaced the back of the phone
So, I have a chromebox (but that's not important) running Kodi (that IS important) connected to my TV. When I want to play a youtube video on my TV, I look it up on my phone and share it to Kodi using my preferred Kodi remote Yatse, two taps and it's playing. What usecase if any would I have for a chromecast? I've seen the preachers and heard the gospel, but given that I already have an HTPC hooked up I wonder what good it'll do. I guess it does make it easier to do a slideshow of the pictures on your phone.
right here: http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/development/stock-d855-30b-images-kdz-flashables-t3282012 assuming you have TWRP already you can just use these zips as per instructions and you should have a rooted 6.0. I chose not to do root but the rest went great
if you're on lollipop or marshmallow, yes. It was one of the big things of lollipop, and the whole point of having ART on kitkat was to test it before it became the default. Also, ART on kitkat contained just one of the many things that is in ART today, as such any and all discussions about dalvik and ART that were written before googles publications on ART in lollipop are completely invalid and you should immediately forget about them. In fact, forget about ART completely, because it's already the default and the only thing you'll notice compared to dalvik on kitkat is that installing apps takes a bit longer
oh ok. I don't like writing essays
well yeah but I was trying very hard to not pull the "think of the kids!"-card
bs I bet you could pull a sick wheelie on both of those bikes! ^^with ^^the ^^clutch! ^^^and ^^^bag ^^^of ^^^dirt ^^^on ^^^the ^^^back! ^^^^up-hill! edit: can any one of you 20 retards please explain to me why this is being downvoted? I genuinely don't know. If you think I'm taking a piss at OPs choice in bikes, look carefully at my flair and try to imagine how I could pop a wheelie on mine. I'll give you a hint: I can't
I'm not your mate, buddy!
I'm not your guy, friend!
&gt; Which is why I'll never grasp why someone hates all bikers when one idiot does something most people don't really see motorcycle riders from a perspective where they're just people having fun. They don't see the responsible riders out there just riding for fun or the people just getting to work, or the people just riding around on their holiday. The people they see are the people that get their attention by being retards, or the people that do stuff so retarded that they end up in the papers as another statistic. The people they hear about are the friend of a friend or a cousin who get a bike and get themselves killed doing stupid shit. They don't hear or tell stories about that dude that just spent 2 months riding all over a continent, they may see some photos on facebook but they'll instantly forget about them. The images that stay are those of a guy smeared across the asphalt this guy in the ditch is definitely one of those guys you hear about, because here we are discussing his antics in his video. I'd try and post a video of myself but I think I might just literally bore you to death
dude now you're talking shit about another mans bike on a motorcycling subreddit, you big hero. Why don't you walk up to the next guy you see riding a NC700 and try telling him what you just told me? Maybe you should insult his wife and his mother as well, while you're at it
I've never even noticed that it was supposed to be cyan, so yeah the loading bar is pretty much useless to me
Alright, I'll try to remember to preemptively ban people so they can never post in this sub even though they never have or even had the intention to, and also add them to the sidebar Or maybe I'll forget I don't know I'm not the police
yes, yes, but am I on the council that decides whether the burial grounds will remain or get cleared? Will I be the one who gets to send their remains to some godforsaken crypt or furnace?
After a whole day of riding I'm definitely tired as fuck
Whatever it is, it's extremely retarded. Luckily you had plenty of room
I didn't see it in any text book as far as I can remember but the topic definitely came up
And almost no one has all their bitcoin in a single address, so the amount of people with any significant bitcoin holdings is far less than these numbers would suggest
I have the same back but a different 6000mah battery. I go 3 to 4 days between charging now, it's awesome even if it's a bit cumbersome
She's like Keira Knightly, but more talented
In simple programs it's easy enough, but when you have decades of legacy code and years of data that you still need to reference, shit gets very complex very fast
I regularly drive a car much slower than that (1.0l 3-banger, no turbo) on the Autobahn and it's really no problem. Yes it's dreadfully slow, but if you can drive worth a damn you're not an obstacle or anything
I have the same exact one and I cannot praise it highly enough! Cleanest teeth ever! My dentist was impressed, and so was the cute assistant with the perky boobs. 11/10 would buy again the very second it breaks
well when you get a manual, remember that highways are still boring as fuck no matter what car you drive. Maybe you should take the scenic route, it's more fun anyway :)
600 USD just waiting to be claimed by a bitcoin network worth their salt
God I want to join hands with you SO HARD
&gt; When I say proper consensus, I am talking about consensus among those educated in bitcoin development. Only the true bitcoin developers are able to reach consensus, and who better to judge who the true developers are than the developers themselves? They're the most knowledgeable for sure, so whatever they decide is definitely the best for all of us. I fully expect the moderation teams of all bitcoin discussion forums to back the core development team in this issue, so as to better cleanse the air of any mention of these "alternative approaches". There can be only one!
the first thing to come mind is: [stromae - alors on danse](https://vimeo.com/10734237) saw them when they were the closing act of Rock Werchter 2014, shit was off the hook
Stromae is so fucking good live
so far I actually find the official marshmallow to be less efficient than cloudyg3 before it. But that could also be caused by settings, for example I have google now running because otherwise google on tap doesn't work. That alone might account for the slight difference
I like it, and I think it might actually age better than the Miata. I'd still get the Miata though, unless Fiat manages to sell it with a 200+hp engine in there Edit: [or cram a V8 in there] (http://www.roadandtrack.com/new-cars/news/a27834/yep-flyin-miata-has-already-crammed-a-v8-in-a-2016-mx-5-miata/)
You joke, but with a hard dick it gets increasingly harder to not be a dick
it looks like the failure mode is a closed valve, but apparently there's also talk of adjusting the spring rate of the valve spring pneumatically. If that mechanism fails at high RPM resulting in a insufficient spring rate, there could still be some unhappy bang bang noises as valve and piston finally get to touch base
2016-01-09 it's the only way
That is not really a stupid question
no
5th **"**community**"** guideline of /r/bitcoin: Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted. That directly translates to "discussing bitcoin ideas that are different than mine is not permitted", because of how bitcoin nodes and mining power works each different client represents a different idea of what bitcoin is supposed to be. Ban the discussion of those clients and you ban the discussion of those ideas, which is EXACTLY what you have been doing.
stock LG remote is useful enough for me
as a male, I don't see what difference our genders make
but why, we men are just as guilty
15000kms is like maybe its 2nd oil change interval. Do you think an engine is used up after changing its oil once?
&gt; Or perhaps I'm misunderstanding you? I'm talking of a failure where this kind of logic &gt; 'until valve X has retreated to Y point, do not extend valve Z' would be of no use, because the fault of valve Z does not affect valve X at all. I'm sure that it's highly unlikely, but what I'm imagining is that the pneumatics that adjust the valve spring rate fail for a single valve, leaving the effective spring rate too low. I don't even know if that's possible or whether the valve spring rate is even being adjusted pneumatically. But if it is, and the valve is opened while the spring rate is too low for the current RPM, the valve will not be closed fast enough and the piston could impact it.
So what you're saying is that until you're out of the bathroom, you're a woman
I thought the bachelor frog was universal
That just means that the bottle graveyard moves to around the trashcan
I fear your efforts are in vain, we are beyond saving
Stop thinking about cc's and start thinking about power. Engine capacity by itself doesn't tell the whole story
Ah yes, so instead of discrediting him wherever he goes, let's just ban him from speaking at all, that's so much easier!
By your logic everyone who posts on /b/ should be put against the wall and shot for all the shit they say
Bitcoin is as much a lottery as the powerball as far as I'm concerned. I mean, I believe in it and support it, but there are about a million ways that this social and financial experiment could grind to a halt
OCI is 12000km for mine
Your housemate did that on purpose, the beautiful bastard :D
ah yes, a 2MB blocksize, that will enable us to grow bitcoin for the next 10 ~~years~~months edit: alright then, 10 weeks maybe? I don't know
Michael Marquardt has repeatedly shown that he is not fit to moderate any bitcoin forum, let alone the 2 biggest ones. Through his actions on /r/bitcoin and the bitcoin.org forum he is stifling the discussion on the future of bitcoin, thereby hurting it and most probably already decreasing the value of bitcoin. Anyone who owns bitcoin should think long and hard on whether they want this little tyrant Michael Marquardt to keep his filthy fingers deep in the bitcoin pudding, and about what to do to get him out
Yep, what your graph shows is that with 2mb blocks **all blocks** will be full by August 2017, no exception. What do you think that will do with the average time it takes for a transaction to be included? 2mb might be a good block size for right now, this instant, but it's wholly inadequate for even the near future, as you so aptly demonstrated for me
first of, it cannot even last that long because a bitcoin network where all blocks are 100% stuffed with transactions is a bitcoin network where you just have to GUESS at how high fee you have to pay to get it included and SPECULATE on how long it will take secondly, look at how long everybody has already been bickering with 0 progress, this debate has gone on for OVER A YEAR and the only thing that has happened so far is a regression in the debate due to abject morons censoring these discussions right here
if you managed to coax 3 hours out of a Nexus 4, you should be able to get 5 hours out of an LG G3. Source: had a Nexus 4 before I bought this phone and currently do anything between 4 and 6 hours of SOT per 3000mAh
well shit
*on average*, which means the capacity is already insufficient for peaks in usage like, oh I don't know, three days ago? God forbid that people actually start *using* the network because we would need many orders of magnitude more capacity if that is to happen This comment is a repost, it got deleted by our dear mods (bless their hearts) probably because it contained a link to that other subreddit. They didn't bother to tell me of course, same as they won't bother to tell me when they delete this comment for calling them out on it The rest of the thread is here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/40az4o/slug/cyt21ea
still, a 600cc supersport is nowhere near as fuel efficient as my bike for example. My point being, you need to take the individual bikes into consideration, with what their target market is, what they're meant to be and whether that matches what you want out of a bike. Engine configuration and size does come into play there, but even when engines sort of look alike from the basic setup, they can still wildly vary in character. Again, although the NC700 looks sort of comparable to the Ninja 650 when you look at the specs, the engines are very different in character which could mean that you wouldn't want to be caught dead on an NC700 even though you love the Ninja 650
if you just straight up banned him because that's how you roll, you can tell us, /r/bitcoin apparently doesn't mind
Much more trustworthy than this subreddit is, for sure. Nobody can censor the blockchain at will, if you want that power you have to pay for it, with electricity! That's certainly a lot more expensive than buying the power to ban people here
the great thing about good propaganda is that you can blatantly lie and people will accept it
big miners should enter the 21st century and get a connection that will handle more than a paltry fucking megabyte every 10 minutes. I LITERALLY consume more bandwidth while taking a shit than a bitcoin node needs per hour
all in the name of pushing features through that nobody wants
if you think that a short term increase is necessary to facilitate further development (in any direction, on- or off-chain) you should say so. Increasing the limit to 2-4-8 is a good short term solution, because right now anything other than a limit increase is something that will take too long to be implemented and accepted. If you believe that it puts bitcoin at a greater risk and that you'd rather see transactions move elsewhere so bitcoin can maintain the current kind of transaction rate, that's cool, but it's not going to happen in 2016. In 2016, we need a hardfork that increases the blocksize, or rather we needed it in 2015, and if we don't so that in 2016 then any kind of feature that could be implemented in a softfork is not going save bitcoin anymore because it'll be good and dead to normal users.
;)
tricked? why?
Buy and mine as much bitcoin as you can manage and hold on to it for dear life
uilgyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffflllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
proxflow yo
Sorry, I ded
Well a slot would imply that you can't make the battery any thicker, so you'd have to make it longer. Unless they make one that folds around the back in a U shape, or use 2 separate batteries. In any case, it's a lot more complex than just making a battery that is twice as thick like I have for my G3
I don't think anyone outside of Poland had gotten it as an automatic update yet. If you want to install it manually you have to get the KDZ file and use LG's flash tool, or you can use TWRP and the zip files that have been prepared by the fine people at XDA You'll lose your data either way
looks like the cameras were dropping frames or something went wrong in post, you can see bits of fluid movement in between all the choppiness
Back when bitcoin was very young, it's creator put a hard limit on how much data the network can handle, to help stop a nasty attack on bitcoin. 5 years later the creator has vanished, but this hard limit is still in place and the network is bumping against it. The people who were maintaining the project in the mean time decided, for reasons (&lt;-- political quagmire), to not lift this limit. It looks like the network will hit that limit now, making bitcoin almost unusable for its intended purpose. Many people are scrambling to try and get this limit lifted, but in Mike Hearn's opinion this clearly shows that without a strong leader (like the creator was) bitcoin is doomed. You can try and read about the aforementioned quagmire, or you can wait on a second bitcoin movie that will undoubtedly be made regardless of whether this situation gets resolved or not, because you can't make this shit up
Are you sure? Could you accept a stripe or visa card without involving them? If they think you're a criminal or they just don't like you, will you have to disappoint your clients or could you accept those methods anyway? The only requirements to accept bitcoin are that 1: bitcoin still exists and 2: you have a valid bitcoin address to accept it with. 1 is still a given at the moment and 2 is generated by any of the zillion wallets etc, most of them free and open source.
&gt; verify that the account actually has the funds needed to clear the transaction the same happens when the transaction gets transferred through the networks by the nodes. In fact, if they wanted the retailer themselves could host a node with the whole blockchain and check themselves whether the outputs that your transaction wants to spend are actually spendable. Instead most shops use a payment processor that does that for them AND also checks that the rest of the network accepts the transaction
which is HIGHLY controversial and as of yet (luckily) not in bitcoin
you're right, but that does sound stupid of them
&gt; Same with regular money minus the "almost". no, you can't do that because you can't send CASH over the internet, you have to use a credit card or paypal or something and then you're dependent on the middle man again (yes that includes the bank), who can revert your transaction AT WILL. You'll have to ask Paypal customers to find out how real that "at will" part is &gt; Except when they double spend or reverse the transaction because they didn't want to pay a fee to confirm it faster. right, if it's that easy then you should really just stop arguing that point with me and get filthy rich instead by double spending everything
And now that they have, the name of your sub will forever be confused with that of theirs, making your sub useless for anything public, and therefore useless period.
YOUR name? What, did you copyright it? The Bitcoin Classic team at least have something of a product that they attached that name to, you have a subreddit and an idea that's already well represented by this subreddit right here. The only additional purpose that /r/bitcoinclassic subreddit could serve is *disinformation*
I will have you know, that [according to some guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/418xq2/slug/cz0h4ci), the Bitcoin Classic that you linked to is not the one and only true original genuine Bitcoin Classic, because he totally thought of that name first I expect you to rectify this situation promptly
how about how we're all getting filthy rich because bitcoin is actually working out like we all hoped it would
well apart from not wanting to work, sometimes there just isn't any that you're aware of that you could be doing, but you're just not about to go to mr. bossman and ask him for more stuff to do
the only promotion I could get is to be mr. bossman himself, and judging from how he looks I'd rather not be
From a programmers perspective, if you don't want to do a "hard fork" that means your deployment strategy is fucked up and you're not getting the incompatible versions flushed out fast enough
Yesterday I killed two maxes back to back with 2 C4 as a medic. I was very lucky there but it also shows that maxes are very vulnerable to explosives from all other classes except infiltrators: you don't need mines or jetpacks to blow them up if you happen to be in the right spot at the right time
there is no need to worry about language, all the android ROMs have all languages built in, I just switched my phone from English to Dutch and back again no problem. If you install the original KDZ from LG it's the same as if you had gotten the OTA and did a factory reset. Which also means that you will most likely get updates Guide here for installing using the official tool and KDZ file: http://www.droidviews.com/install-marshmallow-kdz-lg-g3-d855-using-flash-tool/ Look here if you already have TWRP on your phone and want to use it: http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/development/stock-d855-30b-images-kdz-flashables-t3282012 I don't know about the warranty, I can only assume that if you flash the KDZ and you don't mess it up, you won't have any problems with warranty edit: I'd say it's worth it to flash it right now. Look at several guides to make sure you know *exactly* what to do, because if you mess it up you could easily leave your phone in a state where you won't get it running again
Update windows 7 to windows 10: no problem Update Ubuntu 15.04 to 15.10: everything is fucked ANECDOTAL MAN *AWWAAAYYYYY*
Yeah the updates themselves worked flawlessly, which is pretty impressive. I'm just bummed that upgrades are still a thing that I really have to sit down and pay attention for, same as with Linux mint where upgrades are just not a thing at all
I takes a lot of intelligence to explain stuff in simple terms
they were just straight up withdrawing massive amounts and hoping nobody would notice?
I'm Dutch and let me tell you, you haven't missed anything edit: from reading the article, whoever wrote it does have a fairly good idea what bitcoin is and manages to clearly explain the details that are relevant to the article
well yes, but they still manage to grok the idea that some sayings aren't always meant to be taken literally, don't they?
your transactions will take longer to be included because there is a backlog. How much longer is hard to say
not necessarily, if you try to explain something to someone else despite that you barely understand it yourself, you'll end up explaining it in an overly complicated way that is probably wrong as well. That happens to everybody
No man didn't you hear, Jesus is a christian
Ah so what you're saying is that you ignore everything that isn't posted on github because if we cared we would obviously have posted it there Do tell, how much bitcoin should I have before you think I would care?
eh I don't think EA sees a cent from these purchases
I'm happy with how it worked out for my LG G3 this time, I've had marshmallow since new years eve. It's the uncertainty that kills though, with Android you just never know for sure whether or not you get the next major version, even if you have a nexus. With the nexus 4 for example, it might have been good for them to say beforehand that they weren't going to release marshmallow on it, instead of keeping the users in the dark and then still disappointing them
Don't worry, it's just the same old ethereum spam: https://www.reddit.com/r/ethtrader/comments/422woc/media_hype_is_gearing_up/ Compare the url with yours, the 422woc part is just an identifier of the post
I haven't heard of any, except maybe that they thought LN would get running before the 1mb limit would become a factor. It's long been clear that that wouldn't happen though, so I'm at a loss
Probably something to do with the China firewall, although I still don't get how that would be a problem at 2MB
well only the fire bit is actually somewhat rare I guess
I'm going to continue not playing with illegal fireworks sorry for the lost of the most loyal girlfriend you ever had :(
buttplugs and politics is your family's idea of a dinner conversation? You guys live on the edge!
I have a leaking Honda, how is that for funny :-X
It sounds like a good idea, but it would only work if it actually significantly increases the cost to spam, and I think that's hard to do if you also want smartphones to participate
Well if you strip away everything that's good about bitcoin, why would we even want to use bitcoin anymore?
print it and frame it, it doesn't matter if that was from a phone, it's a great picture
they like it when they mash the go pedal and the thing just doesn't?
of course it makes the phone thicker, the battery has twice the capacity. It's also twice as heavy. There is no free lunch here. Mine is similar to this one: http://amzn.com/B00TBBL896 In fact all these 6000mAh batteries have the same back cover far as I can tell Edit: downvoted for stating simple facts? I would have thought you guys to be better than that
&gt; just because it's not necessary
just keep in mind that you are paying for that privilege. T-Mobile is definitely not in the giving-phones-away business
Well maybe you shouldn't have been such a bunch of warmongers then!
desensitized I'd say
That's what I don't understand, if bitcoin ever actually goes mainstream, 1MB blocks won't be enough even for just a settling layer
I haven't been banned yet, what do I do?
&gt; So fucking short sighted. You act as though you can predict all future code that doesn't currently exist. Excuse me? Which team do you think I'm arguing for?
It isn't, is just very against arbitrary limits. I just think it's inevitable that some additional layer will become mainstream, for small payments where speed and low cost are more important than security
And I would like to opt out of it permanently. In fact, I'd like to preemptively opt out of it because I see exactly 0 reasons for which I would ever want to downgrade my transactions from "bitcoin transactions" to "sorta bitcoin transactions, I mean just trust me on this one OK"
\*narrates his actions like back in 1993\*
Your point? I used bitcoin this weekend to buy a game online so I could download it. Sure, I could have waited for my transaction to be included in a block, but if that took 30 minutes then I would have been quite miffed. Instead, the way the network is right now, bitpay could accept my transaction with 0 confirmations and I could begin my download immediately. The whole thing from start to finish was just as easy and *just as fast* as paypal. Why would we want to give that up and have bitcoin become something that can't even complete with paypal? Just so that we can uphold some artificial limits and protect the investments of people who should have known better than to start global internet business behind the biggest and most intrusive firewall that ever existed? I say fuck that, let bitcoin be what it was meant to be and if some eggs have to be broken to make this proverbial omelette, then let's not be shy about it.
I once got out of a very expensive and undeserved speeding ticket by telling the cop that the difference between what he measured and what I was actually driving would have been easily discernible by ear. Then I offered to demonstrate that to him. They let us go. He accused me of going 72mph where 50mph was allowed, and I was doing an indicated 53mph because I was well aware of how often they set speed traps there, since I lived close by. I know, it's a terribly exciting story, but at that moment as a poor student in a country where speed fines are quite severe, I was only barely holding it together from fear and rage
&gt;What if it isn't a clear case of malicious bloating, but more of a frog being slowly boiled, with progressively lower value txs filling the blockchain? What if I call that a bunch of fear mongering bullshit? &gt; Fair enough. However, even an 'emergent limit' that miners/users create on their own is going to cause congestion eventually. A feature that better enables users to fine-tune their fee will help the market for txs operate more efficiently, with better match-ups between available space in blocks and consumers willing to pay for that space. Fees are being negotiated just fine right now without a separate and highly disruptive mechanism. It's easy, people and wallet developers see that low fee transactions take long to be included so they raise the fee. This will keep working fine as long as people aren't trying to strangle bitcoin with dangerously low limits
So you respond to accusations of fear mongering by employing even more fear mongering. I'm done here
Normally I'd say he's misinformed, but being in the position that he is and as an active member of that subreddit, the only logical explanation is that he is delusional
I like you
Yeah you can literally build a new one out of replacement parts
can you root the 4.4.2 that you have on yours right now? Because once you have TWRP on it, you can put stock 6.0 on it (root or no root) using this: http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/development/stock-d855-30b-images-kdz-flashables-t3282012 Trust me when I say that the official 6.0 from LG is a lot better than the 5.0. I don't know how it compares to CM13 though, I suspect CM13 is still smoother. In any case, you really don't want to go back to stock 5.0 edit: of course you can also find the KDZ files for 6.0 in that link that you can use with LG's flash tool, so that you don't have to root at all. If you don't need/want root, then that is honestly the best option
you very clearly insinuated that Classic would propose something that stupid, thereby trying to smear their name. But even your alternative explanation of what you said runs completely contrary to how bitcoin has always run, like /u/tsontar already explained what 3rd interpretation do you offer?
whatever the wives say
looks sort of like my closet
But bitcoin is supposed to cut out the middleman so I can bribe people directly!
I don't know man, that sim thing sounds more like a loose contact in the sim tray, or maybe some oxidation
If we're going to attribute hidden meanings to his actions years ago then we're well underway to making bitcoin a religion with satoshi as a deity/messiah
Informix 4GL
&gt; I had negotiated ahead of time with my boss for time off after the project. When it came time to cash in that time off, I was denied my request. my career is still young but this already happened to me after busting my balls, and it's 100% the reason I left that company. Never again
nope, and that was my mistake right there. It ended up a cheap way to learn that lesson though, I only did OT for that one project and it was only about a weeks worth of vacation that I missed out on, so I'm only slightly bitter about it 2 years later
Alright that sounds awesome! Could you enlighten us on what these "fulmic tweaks" and "fulmic hub" are? I only ever used CloudyG3 so I'm not familiar with what Fulmics did with the stock rom
# Fulmic tweaks: # **Display** * Notification led pulse length * Notification led pulse speed * Notification led color * Custom screen density (DPI) * Enable all rotations (0, 90, 180, 270 degrees) **Status Bar** * Network Traffic * Incoming or Outcoming * Custom color * Display unit (bytes/bits) * Update interval * Auto-hide * Inactivity threshold * Clock * Show clock * Show seconds * Clock font size * Clock color * Clock font style (bold, italic, light, thin and combinations) * Clock position (right, center, left) * AM/PM style (hidden, small, normal) * Date * Show date * Date position (right, left) * Date style (normal, lowercase, uppercase) * Date format (lot of formats, custom java format) * Quick Settings * Hide toggle text * Hide icons * Hide battery icon * Hide alarm icon * Enable/disable heads up notifications * Custom heads up timeout **Launcher** * Double tap screen off **Navigation Bar** * Navigation bar size * 28dp * 30dp * 32dp * 36dp * 40dp * 42dp (default) * Longpress Back * None * Kill App * Dual window * Longpress back to kill timeout * Longpress recents to open menu **Volume Buttons** * Volume panel timeout * Play sound when changing volume * Disable safe volume warning * Increase volume steps (20 for media, 7 for others) * Longpress volume to skip tracks * volume up action * volume down action * longpress timeout **Lockscreen** * Hide carrier label **Misc** * Wake phone when unplug * Audio Effect * None * LG Effects * LG Effects with Custom * LG with Dolby * Full Dolby * Power Menu style * Classic * LG UI (no advanced options) * Advanced Power Menu * Show/hide reboot * Show/hide airplane mode * Show/hide sound profiles **Advanced** * Hidden Menu * Launcher Hidden Menu * Fix internal/external sdcard * Wipe Cache * Wipe Dalvik Cache
the Porsche 356, predecessor of the 911, was similar in several ways to the Beetle of that time. The engine for example was based on that of the Beetle. The 356 was designed by Ferdinand Porsche junior, the Beetle by Ferdinand Porsche senior. So it became something of a joke to say that the 911 was basically a Beetle since its predecessor could be seen as a faster Beetle
All BTC mined on the smaller branch will be locked for much longer (possibly a week or more) because mining is slower and less blocks are found. So any miner staying on the smaller branch is betting on it being the dominant one in a few days, because if it isn't then the BTC they mined is worthless. If the 60/40 split stays that way for long enough for them to try and sell the BTC that they mined on the smaller branch, they still have to find buyers who are just as confident as them
You mean if there would be a 60/40 split between Classic and Core? Well if the people on the 40% side are zealous enough to eat their mining losses and keep on mining, then that could be disastrous for Bitcoin because then exchanges, merchants, users and payment processors would be forced to pick sides (with Core being the default most of the time!). It would probably make the price of BTC on both sides of the fork take a gigantic nosedive, assuming exchanges are trading in both. If the big exchanges go for the 60% side then you will probably see people trying to sell all their pre-fork BTC on the 40% side on any exchange still trading in it, because that way they might get money for it and *still keep their BTC on the bigger branch*. You'd end up with a 60/40 split but BTC would be worth next to nothing on the 40% side and miners will stop mining it because their profits went poof *again*. edit: disclaimer: I am in no way a bitcoin expert
unless there's a major revolution in current battery production or a new battery technology, I don't think they'll be much different
I would be OK in charging enough for a 4 hour ride in about 30 minutes. Faster would be nice of course, but that's a compromise that I'd gladly accept if the rest of the bike is awesomely electric
well you could plug in a heated jacket and drain your battery that way. I hear they're awesome but I don't ride as much in cold weather anymore
people shit on scooters all the time but those guys are the ones out there in shit weather still scooting their way to work because they sure as fuck aren't taking the goddamn bus
I don't think that the scenario I predicted is very likely though, because it's very risky for the miners to keep mining a chain when it's clear that it's not the longest with the most hashing power anymore. They would have to be highly politically motivated to risk it
yeah, I'm just saying that *some* maintenance is still required even when the whole explosion-containing machinery is no longer there
&gt; Only 50 horsepower is going to bore a big guy like you after a year of riding it. if that happens (not when) he can sell it for $2000 again
it'll give him more motorcycle for his money but that doesn't mean that it would be the better bike for him. This GS500F is a good bike to start with and as long as he doesn't dump it in the nearest ditch he'll be able to sell it for about as much as it would cost him right now, and he'd still be able to get that 636 and actually ride it without looking like a bumbling idiot
It's way better to do the course in soaking rain than it is to do your first miles in nice weather without having done the course. Take it from the guy who was doing lessons in freezing weather and still loving it because it was so much fun!
B^R^R^A^A^A^P^P ^^^^. ^^^^ftfy
so you're just conveniently forgetting about places like /r/sweden and /r/de, nevermind all the other location specific subreddits?
I'm living that lie. "Join us in devops!" they said, "It will be fun!" they said
well there's the turbo-compound engine but I'm sure that's not what you actually mean https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turbo-compound_engine
Poor people in Paris don't have a car, they get around using public transit or scooters. Parking your car in Paris is fucking expensive no matter how, and only the rich have a garage
this boggles the mind, she doesn't look a day over 22
Is it a two-stroke?
you're aware that it pollutes more than probably about 100 modern cars added together? edit: downvoting me doesn't make it any less true
Yeah that makes it so that it only pollutes about as much as two cars that do 15.000 miles a year each
No, people doing business do it the right way and eat the cost of doing business, which includes not using cars from before 1997
dat crankcase
Motorcycles in general pollute more than cars because regulations lag behind, and old two stroke scooters especially pollute *several orders of magnitude* more than modern cars. Let me spell that out for you: if they remove one of those regularly used blue smoke belching scooters from the streets, the effect is similar to banning ~100 (one hundred) modern cars from the streets. Yes that's a rough approximation, no it's not a wild exaggeration. Fuel mileage is completely irrelevant to this issue, as is CO2 production. Too much CO2 is catastrophic for our planet but if we don't make an effort to clean up all the other emissions our cities will end up like Beijing is now or like Los Angeles was in the seventies
same here. Seeing as there are 2 of us I guess that means Windows is bulletproof
about twice a year
Capture 15s video, go directly to gfycat. Do not pass gif, do not collect $200
it looks like the bike hit the barriers first and then he hit the bike. I can't think of any way of preventing this, it just seems like terrible luck
skin cancer or skin grafts, I don't know which I'd rather have. Best protect yourself even when you're squidding
stop, you're only showing everybody how clueless you are
Isn't it? It sounds like having a clue about this shit is part of your job description, in which case you haven't been doing your job. I'd say not doing your job definitely reflects poor on your character
So clean
My deal is that people like you argue a point from a position of obvious ignorance. There are a fuckton of bikes in Paris and if people like you had the prudence to not enter this discussion for lack of understanding, nobody would have called into question how relevant motorcycle emissions even are to Paris or whether motorcycles/scooters should be treated *equally* to cars. Yet here I am, explaining that which is obvious to anyone anywhere close to the subject
happens way more often to me (with posts not loading either, refreshing doesn't work), so I switched away from Relay I'd like to know if there's any progress on this front
I'm not cool with adults refusing transmission while still receiving all the normal healthcare. Either you get treated like everybody else or you find your own goddamned doctor to let you die needlessly on the table
I thought this kind of money after such a long development bought you a game with decent mechanics these days. This is bad, and it's hard to say whether this is just a minor mess up (controller/mouse input clamping shenanigans?) or something integral to the game simulation/net code that might be extremely hard for Blizzard to undo
Racing lines on the autobahn? If you're driving too fast to hold your lane you're driving too fast, period
your blind typing skills are on point
it's all semantics at this point, you could upload the same mute video to youtube and people would tell you it's a video not a gif
Which is a video container format, or an I confusion you with those words?
you keep posting them and I'll keep upvoting
There's no messing around with race instructors. I've been on 2 track days where everybody rode in groups behind instructors, and the 2nd day it rained a lot and everybody quit but I wanted to keep riding because grip felt good. After a while, the instructor called it because he was having trouble keeping on the soaked track but I wasn't. I was all laughs until I saw that he was riding on the oldest, most worn down racing slicks that I've seen vs. my pristine road tires. He must have been riding on ice for most of that session!
so many NDs crashing into each other D:
ah yes, I think some unbridled optimism would do this sub some good! Much better than the usual doom and gloom
well yes, but what happens when you strap 2 big honking turbos on it?
literally all your posts read like shit
well a little birdy once told me that 1 even bigger turbo would actually make more power, but something something driveability and you know shit is off the hook when you have &gt;1 huge snails under the hood
Future you, and I mean short term future you as in 20 year old future you fucking hates you and your stupid lazy ass fucking about all day instead of getting a move on and achieving something in life. 30 year old future you hates you even more because he's stuck in a piece of shit apartment driving a piece of shit car working a dead end job and having no luck enticing anyone to fuck him because you're fucking up only chance you have to make something of yourself in this civilization. Get them diplomas and get them right because unless you have really good friends in high places, nobody is going to give a fuck about anything else when the time comes to earn some real money.
The new step in evolution? That's rich, I've never heard that one before
well at least it's free
These are interesting times
Miners will only get rewarded half of what they got up until then (decided by the algorithm) so there is less freshly minted BTC around to sell
the guy on the right proceeded to face-plant the asphalt with what was left of his
use the sticky pad mounts, those 3M pads stick to helmets and don't let go
all you need to is go to a shooting range and sign up and you can start practicing target shooting with .22 revolvers and rifles, it's pretty fun!
it doesn't make sense to hold bitcoin indefinitely if the ecosystem and bitcoin itself aren't healthy. If the network grinds to a halt then you can hold all the bitcoin you want, it will be worthless
what's tough on my nerves is that we've been talking the same old shit in all of 2016 and nothing has changed for the better. That the price is going up instead of down is literally the only positive thing I see right now
You won't get an answer because there is none, the reasons why they do this are expressed in dollar amounts (not BTC mind you)
You make a good point, it isn't easy to get to know bitcoin when trying it out costs you more than a few cents per try
but if you use shit water to make this tent, won't the concrete be sorta shitty?
Barely if at all
Were you drunk?
You do realize that the limit was 32mb per block before satoshi reduced it to 1mb, don't you? As long as a majority of the miners are on board and everybody else has enough warning to install the updated client before the switch over, it's far easier than the "core" developers would have you believe
That was quick, now are you going to tell me how the original client was incapable of processing 32mb blocks to strengthen your argument?
hey if you're going to call me a retard just go ahead
/r/bitcoin just happens to be the place where /u/theymos dictates the discussion, and he chose to rampantly censor anything that suggested that we force the blocksize issue. He's also the admin of bitcointalk.org where he did the same, squashing any discussion that suggested we do something about the looming blocksize problem (eg: BitcoinXT, Classic), constantly referring to his buddies on the development team as the only ones who knew what the "consensus" is. Consensus this, consensus that, and all it ever comes down to is that they decide what will happen regardless of what the rest of the bitcoin community thinks. Couple that with the blatantly obvious conflict of interest of most of the "core" team due to the massive money influx from blockstream investors and it's obvious why /r/btc was formed: to have a discussion forum AWAY from that corruption and censorship /r/bitcoin only exists now to trap newcomers and stifle discussion, a choir for them to preach to. If you had been a tiny bit more active when this whole blocksize issue became the main talking point, you'd never victimize /r/bitcoin like you just did
&gt; nothing bad will happen if we do yet somehow people keep finding ways to convince themselves that something bad will happen, and that this something is always worse than the death of bitcoin due to insufficient capacity. It's plain old fear that prevents them from accepting that shit won't implode when a 5mb block is mined
yeah, naturally aspirated engines lose a lot of power at higher altitudes, turbo'ed engines not so much/none at all
isn't that specific to the inlet restriction on those cars?
ah yes, so this is truth to you: "a bitcoin client supporting 2mb blocks is an alt-coin" am I getting this right? Because if you believe that then they've won
what core does is law, everything they touch is bitcoin
alright, I thought the performance was mostly limited by boost pressure and compressor efficiency, not so much by the RPMs
hey it's ok to say you don't know or don't feel comfortable speculating, I mean I'm sure there are many things that the current Core team could do that would basically end up being something like an altcoin. He's just asking if you think it would be an altcoin if they did it (bigger blocks) themselves. FWIW I'm obviously of the opinion that it would not be an altcoin, regardless of whether the Core team does it or if the Classic client prevails. I would like it better if someone else other than the current Core developers would do it, to take power away from what has long been the in-crowd of bitcoin, but I'd still rather have them release a 2mb-blocks client than continue stalling like they do now. I know that it would immediately improve the situation of bitcoin, even if it doesn't solve the problem of just a few guys dictating the future of it. It would be interesting to know the opinion of someone who seems to think this would not be an improvement, even when sanctioned by the current developers
good stewardship implies centralization, only people tend to not object to it because it's the benign kind of centralization
it'd help if you told us &gt; If it's not obvious, please include a detailed description of what the problem is or what the thing in the picture does/is supposed to do.
you're posting this as if theymos is some sort of genius to have figured it out
He has (or rather *had*) 4200 reasons to believe it's still going to work out somehow
&gt; Second, we are sometimes making big changes to the code base that makes it unstable ... that time the code isn't in a good place to be published. *OMG* can't you just, like, use branches or something like a decent developer? *jeesh* ^^^^. ^^^^/s
yes, but it doesn't help if it's on cooldown. A good lucio will see you on low health and boost his healing if he can
I've ridden to multiple interviews, but it should not even be something they notice unless they see you arriving. If you can't do that because of the smell or clothing then i don't think you should do it at all
To each his own, I really don't like non-standard blinky stuff and I actually prefer old light bulb indicators to modern LED indicators. I have nothing against LEDs, I just wish LED indicators had a ramp on/ramp off cycle like bulbs instead of their usual instantaneous on/off cycle. Newer Audi's here also have animated LED indicators, it's the simplest possible animation (just a sweep in the direction they're indicating) but I find it distracting
That depends entirely on the weather where you live and whether or not you can take public transit or borrow a car if need be. I'm 32 and I've never owned a car, always commuted on 2 wheels, but I have borrowed my wife's car for some of the worst weather. And now I commute by bicycle So it's possible, but if you're the type to think that your driving would be so disastrous that you should not drive at all, then riding a motorcycle or scooter won't change that. Riding is harder than driving, more involved both physically and mentally and it carries a greater risk, mostly for yourself but arguably for others as well (500lbs can kill people just as dead as 2500lbs). Generally, riders will learn how to drive a car before they learn to ride a bike on the street (off road people are the exception), and most will regularly drive even if they don't even own a car themselves Also, motorcycles and scooters require maintenance more often than cars do, and if you can't do it yourself it will most likely end up being more expensive than maintaining a basic car. Again, riding is more involved so when your tires/brakes/engine/drive line need maintenance, it'll be more urgent with a motorcycle than with a car. Stuff wears out faster too
Hey for all I know you ride circles around me, it wouldn't surprise me. I'm just saying that you stand to eat a giant humble sandwich once you see how casually people ride round a circuit while you're straining to keep up with everything you've learned and all your concentration focused on riding as well as you possibly can. Just go to a track day (with instruction!), it's tons of fun and there's lots to learn, I'd recommend it highly to just about everyone regardless of skill level. It might be expensive or far away, but I promise you it's worth it!
When life is all minuses I just get on my bike and press +
I'd say it depends on where you are when the apocalypse hits, if I'm Harley Davidson country then think I'd rather ride a Harley than anything else because if need be I could scrounge up spare parts from somebody's backyard
Maybe you should bring another rider dude and take him to your parents, that way when you tell them you have something that you need to get off your chest, they'll think you're getting out of the closet. Once they recover from that shock, telling them you ride dicks instead will come as a relief
I used to commute with my NC700, and you know what? It has a FRUNK! So goddamned awesome that they had to invent a new word for it! I also like the DCT and low fuel consumption for commuting but honestly the frunk is where it's at
Semantics, one is referred to with the imperial system, the other with the metric system. Or are you going to argue that people refer to .223 as 5.56 as well?
alright .50 cal is used to refer to several cartridges, like .50AE. Still I have never heard of russian 12.7×108mm being referred to as .50 instead of 12.7, for obvious reasons because when referring to .50 caliber machine gun cartridges people almost exclusively refer to .50 BMG. If you aren't then you'd use 12.7 to avoid confusion
Why not use your road bike? Whatever it is I bet it can ride around a track just fine and 100 miles back and forth to get there is peanuts
&gt; Saying .50 caliber to refer to soviet weapons is wrong. no no no, according to everyone here it's what everybody does
no they're attacking the DAO using the same mechanism the actual attacker used
this bullshit has to stop, hanzo can score headshots by aiming straight at your chest, how fun is that?
in the context of a game engine that's a standard feature and easily used for this purpose. Like others said though, these kind of geometry checks are expensive so they're usually only used when necessary
Hey we're the altcoin, remember? We're the "them" that got forcefully removed from the community, based on the opinion from those with the power to do so that anything other than the implementation from Bitcoin Core is an altcoin. Without that abuse of power and the people who apathetically let it happen, we'd still be one community discussing all this together
Well it's not as if people will suddenly want to pay $10 per transaction if the price where to explode to $10000, the miners will get more USD from fees but it won't scale linearly. Increasing the number of transactions will increase their fee income regardless of what the price is
How so? Even with the current limit or a future 2mb limit, they're still free to mine empty blocks if that's what they want, they will always have that control
Or how about if I'm interested in developing this idea, I'm just going to do it myself?
Well some of us were driven out of /r/bitcoin by censorship and can't post dank maymays there even if we wanted to
Well to be fair there was some exchange closing going on
The brexit results? I don't think the major movers care about that at all
so, in short, racism and fear, right?
If anyone actually knows, please PM me I'd like to get filthy fucking rich with that knowledge please
my extended battery simultaneously means wireless charging isn't possible anymore and also completely unnecessary
Getting gold for damage as Lucio takes away any doubt that you team fucking sucked ass big time
That inglorious bastards is somehow considered art and Wolfenstein the new order isn't, is a great steaming pile of bullshit. Both are entertainment through and through, but I guess the people on those review boards are still stuck in the 20th century
Yeah sounds like a $10k raise could be negotiated
yeah I'm talking about the new order. I've never heard about the geolock being removed after having the game in your account for a year, is that something valve has said they do or have you seen it happen? edit: I'm downloading it from steam again, let's see if I can start it up when it's done
I didn't have to use a VPN this time though. We'll see
And take his wallet too
yeah so and so's son is pretty good with photoshop, why not let him do it?
A scrape on the exhaust doesn't matter, you can get a new slip on for peanuts if it bothers you. And yes, should should always get the state of the whole bike, or given that you don't have intimate knowledge of them as a beginner, have someone who does know his shit check it over for you. Pre purchase inspection and all. Or just go for it, trust your gut and bite the bullet on anything your mechanic tells you you have to replace after you think it's running funny and you bring it to him. You can save a lot of money and do it all (well, most) yourself, but that requires a lot of learning that you haven't done yet. I know I've learned a bit but I still bring my bike to the shop and have them deal with it because parts will cost you anyway and I'd rather pay a guy with experience to work on my bike than spend a whole weekend on the simplest job because I haven't done it before and I want to get it absolutely perfect. If you haven't heard this before I'll tell you right now: maintenance is not cheap and a motorcycle will cost more to run than a beater car
You can put yourself into a ditch and kill yourself dead on a 30hp 250 just as well as on a 75hp 650, but you have to admit that more power does make it easier
Your study left me with the question how relevant all those nodes are anyway when they're pretty much just listening to the miner relay network, always relaying information to other nodes but mostly not to other miners. If that's the case, does it even matter how long it takes for most nodes receive a block when the miners are merrily mining on whatever they think is the longest chain? And if it does, how big a fraction of the network has to be up to date? You use 90% and argue that following that and your data, 4mb blocks probably already pose a significant risk, but using 50% and the same extrapolation, we'd be somewhat OK up to 38mb. I can't argue for either position but it does sound to me like this question "how many nodes need to be in the know" is pretty damn important to future discussions
Well for your average driver, does it matter whether you have 2 wheels and an engine or just 2 wheels? In my experience they're equally blind to both kinds, and I've personally seen more accidents happen with bicycles and inattentive douchebag drivers than with those drivers and motorcycles Edit: to be fair the cyclists seem to be.. less aware of their vulnerable position than riders
It takes a lot of luck and some driving talent I guess. I say talent, not skill, because I assume they didn't learn any of this because that would imply they're capable of learning
Good grief that zipper
They're not going to convince anyone here
Why are you equating anti Core with anti bitcoin? If the consensus among the bitcoin community is that Core no longer has the best client, how is that anti bitcoin? And even I say consensus, I really do mean consensus among all stakeholders, not how Core has redefined that word to mean consensus among their inner circle Besides, please do remember that the people calling for bigger blocks didn't try to split the community, the community was split through the actions of /u/theymos, I'm sure everyone here would have preferred to continue the discussion in /r/bitcoin if it was at all possible
One side outsight bans discussion on subjects, which drives the users to the other side to discuss those subjects, turning it into an echo chamber of sorts Let's not confuse cause and effect here
So that is why they banned any and all discussion on the classic client that is programmed to not trigger a hard fork unless it already has a large majority as proven by 75% of mined blocks for a reasonably long period? Also, recall that the person doing the banning has full support of Core, [they endorse the censorship on /r/bitcoin](http://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/4pv4ba/_/d4o7jqi), which by definition makes it impossible to discuss anything that could be construed as harmful to them
False urgency? Did we not just bump into the capacity limit of the network resulting in newbies asking why they couldn't actually use bitcoin? Anyone with the block size graph and a ruler could have seen this coming a year ago at the very latest, the fact that nothing has happened in the interim makes the sense of urgency a very justified one
All the poor people voting for the guy who promises to do away with several social security benefits that they rely on
Well what would you do with the money? Buy a car to commute to a job? Get a mortgage on a place to live? If that's of no concern to you then I guess you're in the ideal position to go all in on an extremely volatile asset
We've earned it? How have *you* earned it?
I'm not the one who feels entitled to $1000 BTC here. I'm just wondering what he thinks he did to have "earned" (his words) his profit, other than having bought some and being lucky
Stability purposes, yes, that's what they call it when your life savings just evaporate into thin air
Nu.nl just posted this, a generic blurb: http://www.nu.nl/internet/4373331/waarde-bitcoin-eerst-in-drie-jaar-boven-1000-dollar.html
You don't need to admit that you're wrong when you're never wrong
Reuters put something out, everyone else is just recycling that
The part where you imply it's a dictatorship
go for a long walk, the fresh air is good for you and it will give you renewed energy to fucking murder noobs with
Germany still has the eurocent
i made dis https://gfycat.com/AnxiousOnlyIndianjackal
&lt;3
because almost 100% of those currencies are traded primarily with BTC?
why can't I hodl all this bitcoin?
&gt; What if I lose my password or my hdd crashes? these are valid concerns but you can guard yourself against them with backups. You can't do anything if an exchange goes poof
I feel like watching these wild swings is a lot more fun if you're hodling instead of trading
bring lunch from home and go for a walk at lunchtime, make it a routine
normally I would agree but when the price tanks 25% in just a few hours on some exchanges, the price is definitely worth talking about
&gt; Money in the digital age is becoming nothing more than codes that can glitch or be manipulated. regular money yes, but other digital money is built on the principles that it *cannot* easily be glitched or manipulated
look at crash tests of old cars and see how much the steel around you protects you if it wasn't specifically engineered to
Then you'll know when you can buy BTC and perhaps sell them for more later
It's an effective defense mechanism against feeling stupid, just ignore everything you don't understand and you'll become an expert on everything else!
Some people drive a lot more just for the sake of driving, some people choose to work a job 70 miles from home. Who cares? It's not as if you're wasting their time or money
btw, this image is a good example of something that a typical red-green colorblind male will have a lot of trouble with. The colors for "colonized or controlled by europe" and "never colonized by europe" are hard to distinguish from each other for people with this color deficiency
ah yes, because facts are sub-specific
You can ride a Honda NC700X with DCT without using your left hand and it's a great first bike
It's an automatic, you can ride it without ever thinking about shifting. I recommend you do a test ride if you're interested, it's the best way to find out if it's for you or not. Personally I was sold after my test ride and I've had mine (NC700SD) for 4.5 years now
About your cons: you can put it in manual mode or S mode if the default D mode doesn't work for you, and the bike definitely engine brakes although at the low revs that the D mode prefers it won't brake *much*. Whooolies are pretty much out of the question though
The first full block was not around late 2016, you're off by at least a year
And your best guess was "late 2016"? You've been active in the block size discussion long enough that you ought to know better
Why don't you go ask our DB process over there why it took him .0025ms longer to answer my goddamn query
No I mean I still have you tagged from the last time that you resorted to immature insults
The emission requirements are still stricter for new cars than for new motorcycles, total hydrocarbon and NOx emissions allowed are ~53% higher and total CO emission allowed is 128% higher, per kilometer
Well for what it's worth, I haven't found an automatic in a car that I like better than a manual either. The only DCT that I've tried was so refined (and the car so heavy) that it might as well have been a CVT which didn't make me like the car any better. But I guess that's because I grew up driving manuals as well, and I'm better at rowing gears in a car than shifting a motorcycle
I edited my post to more accurately describe what I mean
And we all know what would have happened if there wasn't any video evidence
That won't really get many good answers, 90% will just say "because it's fun!"
&gt; I locked up and "laying 'er down" would have worked better? if you think anything works better than braking with the rubber and brakes that you've got, you're welcome to describe to me the precise mechanism with which metal, plastic and human meat grinding against tarmac/asphalt/concrete has more friction and with decelerate you more than aforementioned brakes
That's where you're wrong kiddo
&gt; Thats on ultra settings. good point, if optic nerfs give low graphics settings even more of a competitive edge, then what's the point of trying to make your game prettier?
Maybe light should bend around a bit as if it's bending space to stay up there
Well these straps would help with that
hey dick is considered offensive now, nowadays the acceptable term is richard
trump is just itching to start WW3 isn't he
the smaller fords are very popular in europe, because they're good cars
What? Of course saving $1000 is significant
when my brother got married he rented a bunch of these shitty Ka's for everyone else to drive between the locations on the wedding day, because his bride loved these cars. We might have gotten some air off of a speed bump
That would be highly illegal in many places
I don't. Anyone who thought Trump was going to be less of a corrupt piece of shit than Hillary obviously hasn't been paying attention the last 20 odd years
Windows 10 required for the PC? That's a bummer
Maybe they're perfectly tolerable people until a girl gets involved?
depends on how you measure bad. If all you care about is power and driveability in good conditions, they were actually pretty good
&gt; easy to fix EFI tends to just not break though, and most of the time if it does break it's something like the O2 sensor that you just replace and be done with it
percussive education
The whole world collectively thinks less of American citizens because you voted him into office. You know, like that guy Rodrigo Duterte, president of the Philippines? What do you think of his actions and the fact that he got voted into office by his country while promising to do exactly what he's doing now? How do you think that reflects upon the people who voted for him? That's how the rest of the world looks at the USA now If you voted against him (like I'm sure many of you did) then godspeed
I hope he succeeds as the president of the United States of America. However, for that to happen he'll have to fail most of the goals he set himself
And my experience is radically opposite of that. I literally do not know a single person IRL who supports Trump, or if they did they didn't care to mention it
wow, don't see many laverdas around these parts
Front pages get stale
RES filtered this shit long before
Has it ever occurred to you that the majority of the country and reddit are anti-trump, and that it therefore makes sense that you'd see more anti-trump posts here than pro-trump posts?
The people in charge of people aren't good at it either, but they get more money just the same
I'm sure there are countless good managers, I just haven't met many
depreciation is arguably a more important factor to consider than purchase price or fuel mileage/maintenance. Of course the more expensive cars still depreciate most in absolute terms, so it kind of evens out. When my wife was looking for a car we were looking at used cars of the model she wanted, but seeing how expensive they still were we figured she might as well buy new because the depreciation hit would apparently be relatively small
good luck america
[yo dawg](http://i.imgur.com/I3RaGMw.jpg)
could you ELI5 and point out where it looks like a spam attack?
see what exactly? all I see is the memory pool going boom with everything else staying basically the same as the last 4 days humor me and draw a big circle: http://i.imgur.com/pARL8D3.png edit: it seems to me that somebody started generating a lot of consolidating transactions about 22 hours ago, with many inputs and few outputs, paying a higher than average fee
yo but that one time I was gaming and really high, I like totally owned everybody because I was in the *zone* headshots for DAYS edit: do I really have to explain myself here? People actually think this and think this applies to their driving
If it's that bad you're honestly better off puking. Clean yourself up, have some magnesium and you won't hate yourself as much the next ~~morning~~afternoon
&gt; you wouldn't just go to a doctor, saying "It hurts, fix it!" I'm pretty sure they do
&gt; you probably shouldn't drive what
I've seen this before, it actually means the cat wants to be mounted by the doorframe
Is that your hand? If so, maybe you should buy a nail clipper and use it instead of gnawing on your fingers
make android great again!
[mfw](https://gfycat.com/JovialDimwittedDungenesscrab)
Because I'm not gud at gam
that looks great, well done!
That's when you start searching for *just the right* ying yang table to complement the rest of your furniture, regardless whether you have any intention to actually buy one or not
Note how the pompous trod of an executive manager sends the group into a flurry of activity, their ears having developed a particular sensitivity to the low frequencies that so often spell impending doom in their otherwise tranquil habitat
frunk is love, frunk is life!
or you can just get one from the wreckers. It's a cheap bike, it sells in large numbers and they crash just as often as any other bike or even more so. You can find tons of parts everywhere for cheap
Not literally, figuratively. The design was a collaboration with the car engine designers of Honda and the basic parameters of the engine are based on that of the Fit engine. It's kind of like they chopped a Fit engine in half and stuffed it in a bike, but only kind of &gt; "Half of the Fit's engine would be the perfect size for the mid-class motorcycle we were developing. And the Fit is one of the most fuel-efficient compact cars out there. So we decided, let's use the Fit's engine as a model for integrating fuel-economy know-how from Honda automobiles. This was an interesting challenge from an engineering perspective." http://world.honda.com/environment/face/2013/case18/episode/episode02.html
I have a big head and a big helmet, but mine just barely fits in the frunk if I don't leave the toolset strapped in place. It's big enough for most people
seriously, it's like nobody remembers what a piece of shit he has been all this time
&gt; Thats the dream the decades old programs that I have to maintain for a living are anything but a dream. It sounds nice to make something once and then have it still be around 20 years later in a working program, but the truth of the matter is that most programs of that age have accrued a substantial amount of rot
7000 miles is like one oil change for some bikes
unless you were a lib gunner
banned then unbanned after a while. I don't bother trying to post there anymore though: between the auto-moderator, manual "moderation" and people whose arguments are seemingly impervious to logic it just isn't worth my time anymore
Ah yes, but somehow Bitcoin isn't a pyramid scheme
I'm not the one who brought up pyramid schemes
yeah, not to mention that they choose to supplement their prayer with "herbs and essential oils". Pray tell, if it's OK to try your own bullshit remedies to combat vital organ failure, then what makes it not OK to ask help from the people whose sole purpose in life it is to help you not die?
If you looked harder you would have seen that I was part of this debate before it moved to /r/btc, and that I'm arguing for what I believe is the best for bitcoin as well. If /u/theymos thinks that forcing anyone who doesn't agree with him to leave /r/bitcoin is what is best for bitcoin, then that's his prerogative, but I think that is *monumentally* stupid. His absurd censorship policy has in my opinion irreparably damaged the reputation of himself, the Core developers and anyone who associates themselves with him or denies what he's been doing, including you. Not that anyone still associating themselves with him needs any help with damaging their own reputation, you [for example](https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/62kged/gavin_the_plan_was_always_onchain_for_everything/dfna7g9/) seem to be doing just fine on your own
&gt; I really think most of us are on the same boat. speak for yourself
magic internet *coin*. What are you, thick?
That's a bold move
No there are toilets without shelves that still have a low water level
A bit of dirt isn't much of a problem if you take it easy
or like a bitcoin user embarrassing themselves by bothering to use it for anything less than ~~$0.10~~ ~~$1~~ ~~$10~~ $100
delusions of grandeur
"cool rebel" \- me
┬──┬ ノ( ゜-゜ノ)
this is fine I'm okay with the events that are unfolding currently
Well that's one way to lose your best employees to your direct competitors
yeah this is not the kind of money you want to be just emailing about
I appreciate the effort and analysis apparent in your post, but all it did was make my car-dreaming move upmarket
or maybe don't spend stupid money on a frikkin' ring
If they lack critical thinking skills, what good was their education?
Over time, it invariably cracks in a way that's sort of a fingerprint of your ass. An assprint, if you will
&gt; After taking into account $30 salads, $15 coffees, and trying to find lunch for under $20 per person ? I get that living in city like NYC is expensive, but what's wrong with bringing your own homemade sandwich for lunch and brewing your own coffee instead of getting starbucks?
isn't that a feature
And the country you live in is innocent of any crime, right?
the true cost of expensive cars is not the sticker price but high depreciation and/or high running costs. You can waste a lot of money on an old cheap luxury car that keeps breaking stuff that is very expensive to replace for example. Or you might buy a very sensible new car and then lose a metric shit-ton of money due to depreciation when you trade it back in too soon for another seemingly sensible new car.
didn't happen the last time that variable was changed
education gets you a job (I hope), a job gets you money, money can be exchanged for goods and services such as ether. How are you supposed to get more ether if you fail that exam?
all summer to work hard and buy ether with your paycheck, right?
Also engine displacement does not equal power
it was only a bit of my BTC anyway
&gt; barley get out of second gear on 250cc bikes shirley you jest
well if those shards are as bad as he says they are, renting one from the local hardware store would be well worth the money
the whole company I work at is female dominated, and that's with 1000+ employees
I test drove a new Mazda MX-5 yesterday, it was pretty fun I guess but then I figured I'd still rather be riding if at all possible
I know, I just wanted to poke fun at the "barley" in his post :p
hah by that time I'll have my neural shunt installed
It that happens ETH will overtake BTC and bitcoin will never recover
&gt; In what way have they fucked over the community? you were aware of bitcoin at least 3 years ago so you're well aware of what they did and didn't do. That you're asking this question means that you're square in their camp and any answer I give you will only succeed in wasting both our time
&gt; And I also think that Bitcoin has fungibility problems which needs to be resolved! that is probably bitcoin and ethereums biggest problem aside from scaling, and the reason I have some monero
Keep your body as warm as you can, that helps a lot with keeping your extremities warm as well
http://i.imgur.com/4MmX4zh.gifv Groetjes uit DE, ik ben een nep Duitser :p
you talk as if I wasn't around for when this discussion really started. I was, and the arguments they used back then are just as insane as the ones they are using right now with the added bonus of SegWit not nearly being done yet edit: what was I saying, SegWit wasn't even a glimmer in anyones eye back then, that carrot on a stick only showed up months later
thank you for removing all doubt
You'll be fine with a Miata and a parking lot, as long as you know what a clutch is
No one is better at double-thinking than me! I make the best double-thinks, believe me!
they do literally piss/shit themselves when they go into flight mode
you're a sad little person
https://i.imgur.com/s4eamxv.jpg
people who say they "grow out of" a 250 just want a bike that goes faster without putting too much effort into it. They could upgrade to any kind of superior bike and they'll still be useless around a corner unless they get a lot of practice/track time for which a 250 is actually quite sufficient
thanks!
I see no reason to sell at $200
Oh I'd never tie down just the rear, if I'd only use 2 straps then I'd always strap the front down to pull the front wheel down and forward into the chock. The rear straps would just be as backup and for extra stability
looks good, but with my bike it's really easy to strap through the triple tree. With sports bikes like OPs I can see those handlebar straps coming in handy
also, when driving long distances with a strapped down load, plan a few stops to check your load. Especially when it's your bike! Can't ever be too sure, not only will losing your bike ruin your day but it could also very well ruin someone else's as well and that's usually very expensive
sometimes they just move out of the way by themselves [while in park](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Mf9vxirwL._SL1500_.jpg)! Cars are magic I say, one minute they're in your driveway, the next they're blocking your street
Matching hardtop *and* the BBS wheels, nice score
$1000 running and no rust is one hell of a deal, pretty much regardless of everything else
Sell the gpu, buy eth. Mining with one gpu might be fun if you're into that kind of thing but holding eth will likely be more profitable especially if you value your time
Nah surely nobody could be so monumentally incompetent and still be employed
I can't tell if you're serious or not, an 1.5mph walking pace is not "normal"
Pack lunch and go for a walk on your lunch break every day. Walking a mile or two every day in the outdoors is a good thing for both your physical and your mental health, and you have no excuse to not do it
Maybe you should look at what bitcoin did in 2014 and 2015, you don't want to be bag holding and in debt during a multi year bear market
I think the game is trying to tell you something
It's only the most popular roadster *ever* with a different badge, that's very average in my book. And I say that having bought a Miata last week
10/10 landing
