Does Cleveland hate their bullpen or what? 7 IP, 3 ER seemed totally reasonable. They finally get two back in the bottom of the 7th, and then they just run Kluber right back out there for the 8th in a one-run game and he can't get a fucking out.
Wow, I missed this. What a fantastic play. He should be pumped up, that was a hell of a bunt.
Still waiting on Yahoo to update Gattis' eligibility....I have nowhere to put Gattis until he gets the eligibility, and I feel like Vogt isn't shitty enough that I can just drop him and hold my breath.
For the love of all that is good and holy can I please get a fucking pitchers' duel at Coors tonight, or at least a regular old 4-3 kind of game. My opponent is up to 26-9-28-1-.413 after *three days*. I have four more days of this ass whooping to endure. /checks starters A. Simon (1-5) vs. E. Butler (2-2) YEEEEEEARRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHH
I like that trade, with Keuchel not being all that great so far. Holliday has been warming up....he tends to really go off after the ASB. People freaked about Holliday being all OBP and no power after 2015, but he was getting pitched around and then he got hurt twice.
I don't know whether there's statistical proof or not, but CW has always been that knuckleballers are high variance. When they're on, they're unhittable; when they're off, they're doomed. That being said, it's hard not to be impressed with Wright so far.
"F. Freeman walked. F. Freeman to second on K. Jansen's fielding error" lolwut? Did he kick the throw back from the catcher? edit: now it says throwing error.
Conflicted about whether to start Kluber vs KC. My opponent has Fernandez vs Mets, and I'm in line to squeak out a win provided Fernandez doesn't throw something like 7+ perfect innings. I'm winning all the pitching cats except ERA, and I'm getting crushed on the batting side of the ball (except for SB, thank you Buxton). In wins/losses, I'm 3-1 and he's 1-3, so the W/L cats are safe. The category I'm most concerned about is WHIP (I'm only ahead by .13). I'm ahead in Ks by 14, which is probably too much to ask from even Fernandez. But Kluber has alternated between being dominant and combustible this year, and if he gets shelled again, it could cost me the whole damn week. Part of me thinks I should just play it safe, part of me worries that Fernandez is going to go off and I'll need a counter. Both games start at the same time and I don't particularly like any of the streaming options from later in the day.
Off Herrera, no less. 1st one off Herrera all year.
&lt;3 Mike Shannon
Start one: Buxton vs Conley, J. Ramirez @ Miley.
I drafted him and waited out the early injury. Then I watched him do nothing but make outs for a week, so I dropped him because I needed a streaming spot. That was three weeks ago and I haven't looked back. His peripherals are not reassuring. I don't think he's getting unlucky. I suspect he's nursing an injury, and he plays for frigging Dusty Baker, who is absolutely capable of just running him out there in the leadoff spot to make outs for months.
This is one of the arguments against the DH. If Ventura has to stand in there and get thrown at, maybe that'll keep him from headhunting in the future.
Yep. I think it's telling that Perez didn't make more of an effort to grab Machado. It's not like he sprinted to the mound, he was kind of limping a little.
Anybody think Shaw should be faded against Bumgarner?
Holliday is the better bet. He's got ~50 points of career OBP on Peralta.
Both, if at all possible....
Being hung over shouldn't take 8 mph or so off your fastball. I can't imagine how they didn't see this during warmups though.
6.2 IP, 5 H, 1 BB, 1 ER, 9 K, takes a 1-0 loss cause his offense got 4-hit at home by fucking Chris Rusin &amp; co., and somehow that's Maeda's fault? I streamed him last week and kept him cause I figured home vs COL was a pretty good bet, so I feel yr pain, but come on....
Sano owner here, I would absolutely trade him straight up for Zorilla. I had him last year and I've been kicking myself for not fighting for him harder in the draft this year. On the second trade, again I think I like your side better anyway. Villar isn't going to hit like this all year, and (without looking anything up) I think I'd rather have Ross over Gray just because I'm wary of Gray's health.
When Leonys Martin comes off the DL, I'm going to have to make a choice....drop one of him, Buxton, J. Ramirez, or possibly Carter or McGee.
Sounds like a good deal to me. Holliday is a very good bet to run a higher OBP than he has right now, especially in the 2nd half. I like Ross but I don't think he's anything special.
So is Leonys Martin coming off the DL today or not? It says the one rehab game they were going to give him got rained out.
Absolutely. Rosenthal is running a BABIP of .341 (mostly from the dreaded Non-Save Situations) so his rates look worse than they should. Allen's BABIP, meanwhile, is .220.
The fact that they're being so aggressive with bringing him back is encouraging. If they thought there was a re-injury risk, you'd think they would be more cautious.
Looks to me like Forsythe is starting for TB.
Matheny really likes Rosenthal. I think he's still got a pretty long leash. And the Cards also have Siegrist, who usually pitches the 8th, so it's hard to say that Oh is the clear #2. They've been using Oh as the 7th inning/fireman kind of guy, which is where Maness was up until recently, and Matheny likes pushing that button. On another team, Oh would probably be a better bet for saves.
Depends on what you need. Carter is better for HRs and RBIs, Calhoun for runs, average, and steals. Both of them have tough draws tonight. Carter vs Harvey, Calhoun vs Kluber.
Trainers looking at G. Cole. Not sure what's wrong with him. edit: He's out after 2+ IP. Nothing obvious. Carpenter singled, and then Hurdle &amp; the staff talked to him for a minute, and then he walked off. Ruh roh.
Not that I saw. We're in the dark. FSMW broadcast hasn't said anything.
Wainwright pinch hitting. My opponent has Nicasio. edit: YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
If I did my math right, he's now slashing .250/.250/.652 for the year Fuck The DH (tm)
I drafted him....I had to let him go eventually cause I needed a spot, but he's slowly improving as the season goes on. I may end up rostering him again (not just streaming) at some point, who knows.
I'm sticking with him, for now. A lot of his underlying stats look unremarkable. .280 avg, .361 OBP, pretty close to his career norms. For some reason his slugging is down about 100 pts. Not a whole lot to see in his peripherals either IMHO....except for the batted ball rates. He's frequently hitting the ball on the ground and he's never once, in his career, been that type of hitter. He's running a 54.5% GB this year, despite a career average of 40.7%. (GB/FB is extreme at 2.43; career is 1.10. League average is around 1.30ish.) If you want to know where his power went, that's where. Now why that's happening, I don't know. I've been watching this all season and it's been a mystery the whole time. Is his swing different? Is he nursing an undisclosed injury? The futility of his teammates surely isn't helping--it could be he's getting pitched around a little bit--but that still doesn't explain the grounders.
Yup. If you won't start a hitter at Coors, you might as well drop him already.
Harper, Arenado, Bogaerts, and then whichever of Thor and Arrieta you like better. Gotta keep Bogey because of positional scarcity.
I dunno, feel I like there's more talent on the Bats/Davis/Ramos side. Davis &gt; Abreu, but Bats &lt; Marte. So that's kind of a wash, I guess. Then it comes down to how bad you need pitching, but Ramos seems like kind of a lot to give up for Disco (who I think is overrated) and a very down year so far from Archer.
Demanding that all your music be sung in English seems to be an American thing (or an Anglophone thing, I guess if you're a Canadian). If vocals are in another language, you tune in more to the sound and not the grammatical meaning. And I mean, c'mon, the Beatles. They could sing the phone book and it would be compelling.
Not to toot my own horn but....[honk honk](https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybaseball/comments/4nkzyw/official_anything_goes_saturday_06112016/d452syq?context=3).
If you only listen to one Megadeth record, it's *got* to be Rust In Peace. Peace Sells &amp; Countdown are also excellent, but they're not a genre landmark like RIP is. /$.02
That last dotted quarter is incorrect. It should just be a regular quarter. ablaa is correct, the whole song is definitely in 4/4. (Speaking of which, personally I count that half as fast, so what you've got as 8ths are 16ths instead. Maybe the guitar tab has it at that tempo, but that's just how I've always heard it.)
I can understand not liking it, I guess, but how can you possibly describe such meticulously crafted music as "phoning it in?" You don't just stroll into the studio and make up those 4-part Brian Wilson vocal harmonies on the spot like that.
First time I heard GB, a friend of mine showed me this video, and afterwards I said I gotta listen to this song again without the video, cause the video is so mesmerizing/creepy/intense that I wasn't really listening. They have several videos that are like that, actually. edit: grammar
Well, shit, [turns out I was wrong](http://m.cardinals.mlb.com/news/article/184061512/cardinals-working-kolten-wong-at-center-field). I was unaware he played CF in college, I thought he'd always been an infielder.
I don't care who you root for, that was fucking hilarious
Many, many shit-tons of walks. The top 3 single season MLB marks for walks are Bonds 2004 (232), Bonds 2002 (198), and Bonds 2001 (177). 4th on the list is Babe Ruth with 170 in 1923. Of the 232 walks in 2004, 120 were intentional, which is also a record. Bonds also owns the all-time record for most walks with 2,558, which is just under 17% greater than #2 on the list (Henderson, 2,190).
He's volatile. The fancy numbers are mixed. 4.16 FIP, 3.88 xFIP, 3.42 SIERA. His batted ball numbers are ugly....extreme fly ball tendencies, he's getting pulled, and he's allowing a lot of hard contact. The good news is the swinging strikes are there and he's not walking many batters. I've streamed him a couple times this year, FWIW.
Yeah, why 8th? I don't get it. Does he have bad #s against Chacin or something?
McGee is definitely droppable if you need the spot.
He was basically flat-footed, too. Ridiculous.
Machado should be on here. Nyjer Morgan was a good inclusion for this list. In 2011, he talked shit on Pujols on Twitter, [and then....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61bqbHFymxU)
I'm starting him, but I'm nervous.
For people that have debilitating medical conditions, it certainly isn't red tape that's preventing them from being entrepeneurs....
If there's anything in the world that needs the absolute fuck regulated out of it, it's nuclear power. It's reprehensible, in my book, to treat something so inherently, uniquely complex and dangerous as just another profit source.
That is an 80 grade username, by the way
Apparently today is Play The Backups Day in MLB. I have five hitters with the day off.
My opponent's got him. Oh well, it's not like I was going to win HR this week anyhow....
Forget it, he's rolling
I still don't think they'll replace him, although they may try to give him 3-4 days off sometime soon. If he shits the bed like this a few more times in the next week or two, maybe then Matheny will really start seriously considering a change. In the event there is a change, it's unclear whether it's Oh or Siegrist. Both have the stuff to close. Siegrist is a lefty, however, and they may choose to give the closing job to Oh because he's a righty. On the other hand, Siegrist has been on St. Louis' major league roster since 2013, and it's entirely possible Matheny will think Siegrist has Paid His Dues or what-not. Anybody that says anything definitive until we've heard something concrete about a switch from Matheny himself is speculating. Until then, I would assume the gig is still Rosenthal's. (It's also not totally crazy to think they might try a by-committee approach.) I still don't understand exactly what the hell is wrong with Rosenthal. He's too good for this. The walks are one thing, but he's usually good about keeping the ball in the yard.
Gosh darnit
It wasn't *literally* half. [It wasn't even close to half.](https://www.nps.gov/civilwar/facts.htm)
That's the point, actually. /u/Huhsein was getting Berger and Blumenthal mixed up re: the National Archives incident.
Just cause he gets on the right side of one issue doesn't mean we suddenly think he's a hero. I'm certainly thrilled that he's taking such a hard line, it will help create badly needed political space on the right to defy Trump's foreign policy. We won't just magically forget all the other dopey things he's said and done over the years, but there's also no point in shitting on him while he's doing something positive for once.
....holy shit
Easy downvote
Boo this man
Drop the fucking puck already, for shit's sake
/thread
I hope he loses money and the new stadium collapses in a heap the day before it's supposed to open edit to add: and then they have to keep on playing at the fucking LA Coliseum, which is *obviously so much fucking better* than the Edward Jones Dome
Huge save on JVR from point blank
&gt;the younger generation of St. Louisiana weren't into it like their parents. The Rams went through a five-year stretch where they won 15 games in five years. AFAIK that's the all-time worst stretch by a pro team in any of the Big Four sports. That would kill fan support anywhere. They weren't even trying, because Kroenke cares more about money than winning. At one point they wanted to play three home games in one season in fucking London. There was never a problem with support from the fans in St. Louis.
These smoke our current thirds, and I do like those. These are just amazing though
Read the fucking books first
What a shift. Easy penalty call there too
Love seeing Edmundson just push Panarin from the net to the corner
ONE TWO THREE
My pleasure. I love her first two records to pieces, but I can't say I've ever actually sat down to go through the chords like this.
Possibly unpopular opinion: Carson Cistulli is unreadable
Don't get it. There must be more going on
Anybody have any info on when Markov's coming back? The last Rotoworld update was on the 27th.
What? Why the fuck would you want that?
And your replacement for democracy is....?
Well, one is in this thread calling the original bribe "fake news."
Only if Bob Nightengale says we don't have a chance
Got Allen vs Ward tonight. Naturally, Allen gives up a goal in the first fucking minute
That game went completely sideways. It was 2-1 going into the third and then there were six goals in ten minutes. I'm not really sure what happened....Minnesota juggled lines and put on a ridiculous forecheck. Niederreiter-Staal-Parise was pretty good and I think Koivu was skating with Coyle and Granlund (?).
I dunno, I feel like now that Columbus has finally lost, they're going to fall back to earth a little. Hall and Foligno are facing the best goalies, at any rate.
I've had Seabrook all year and he was reasonably good early on but has faded hard. In the last month he's been ice cold, and the last two weeks in particular have been fucking brutal. Fair warning.
LWL has Schwartz with Perron and Berglund for the morning skate, who are probably better than Pouliot &amp; Caiggula but not overwhelmingly so. I think I like St. Louis' PP2 better than Edmonton's too, so there's that.
I think you fucked up, sorry. I'd much rather have Staal this year. Less bad if it's a keeper league, I guess.
Nope. Keep Radulov
Same here. Can't help but be impressed with him on this.
Those people are no better than terrorists themselves, then
Got a complicated one here. 2 C, 2 LW, 2 RW. I have eight forwards going today so I have to sit two guys. Giroux and Voracek @ CBJ, E Staal @ ANA, Lucic @ OTT, Forsberg @ CHI, Kane vs NSH, Gagner vs PHI, Rakell vs MIN. Giroux and Staal are C-only, Looch &amp; Forsberg are LW-only, Kane is RW-only. Voracek is LW/RW, Gagner C/RW, Rakell C/LW. I think I'm going to sit Gagner and Rakell but I'm really not sure.
Sitting Lucic isn't a bad idea, I hadn't realized his shots had dropped off that badly. I agree Dubnyk is a bad matchup, although he's let in some goals recently. I picked up Gagner as a fill-in, and he's been so good I haven't dropped him yet. I keep waiting for Columbus to fall back to earth even a little and it hasn't happened so far.
Dude is persona non grata in St. Louis for that. I don't even really care about HOF balloting that much, but fucking with Stan Musial is crossing a line.
You're thinking of JFK Jr. [Here's the Snopes link on that.](http://www.snopes.com/jfk-senate-frontrunner/)
Congressional term limits are a terrible idea.
That's just fucking mindblowing. The cueball travels something like 20' on that shot and hits the balls at the end at exactly the right angle with exactly the right velocity to set him up to keep shooting.
&gt; The senate seat she "won" was given to her. [citation needed] &gt; Obama gave her sos so the Clintons wouldn't challenge him quid pro quo. [citation needed] [also that sentence doesn't make any sense if you know what quid pro quo means]
O'Keefe needs to be careful about this kind of shit, since he's already got a rap sheet at this point. Eventually a prosecutor is going to take an interest in him. Getting people to say stupid things on camera isn't illegal, but trying to bait people into rioting is really pushing it.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tit_for_tat They didn't have much of a choice.
/sunglasses /thread
Five total bases from the first two batters of the game (Skip Schumaker WTF?!) and then almost nothing on either side for three hours. Utley hit that high fly ball in the 8th and the fucking TBS cameraman panned waaaaaay out, like he'd hit it 600 feet....and Berkman is camped out on the track and nonchalantly waits for it to come down.
I've always thought anything that takes *three full seasons* worth of data to stabilize requires error bars to be really meaningful.
&gt; Take out all the commercials from a baseball match and Baseball players would be homeless. You're just talking out of your ass. [MLB averages ~30,000 paid attendance at every game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_attendance_figures_at_domestic_professional_sports_leagues). And MLB has 162 games per year per team, substantially more than any other league in any sport in the world that I'm aware of. Baseball is also not [nearly as provincial](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_current_Major_League_Baseball_players_by_nationality) as you seem to think it is. Notice how I am not tearing down or shitting on other sports, because it's unnecessary. See how easy that is?
The first World Series was in 1903, and the name was accurate at the time.
Quick glance @ Wiki says Rosneft's revenue from Q4 2014 was ~$90B. Quite a lot of money indeed
The Starr investigation became a witch hunt. Lewinsky had **nothing to do with Whitewater** which is what Starr was supposed to investigate. Prosecutorial overreach. Clinton should not have been forced to answer questions under oath about an extramarital affair in D.C in the 90s during an investigation about fraud on a land deal in Arkansas in the 70s. That and Gingrich, Hyde, etc being hypocritically cheating on their own wives the whole time. And that is really all that needs to be said about the Lewinsky scandal in the context of January 2017, ten days before a Russian intel asset is inaugurated President.
More or less, I think it's something along those lines. It's also possible there was an element of wanting to avoid a "political question."
Yeah, I think one of the primary objectives was to get the Western economic sanctions lifted, and Trump is absolutely boxed in on those. Members of Congress who were Russia hawks before 2016 (ie mostly Republicans) probably haven't had much of a change of heart on that front. The more Russian intel is exposed on this, you'd think it would weaken Putin internally. It's not like Russians see eye-to-eye with each other all the time any more than any other nationality does....
Provel
Does anybody *not* think that?
I don't think that's a done deal at all. Stay tuned
His approval rating is already in the upper 30s. Historically low for a president-elect.
The [Potemkin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potemkin_village) President
Speculation about his taxes isn't going to decrease with the end of the election, just the opposite.
FBI is law enforcement and would need a specific reason to get a warrant. The CIA isn't a law enforcement agency and doesn't ask for permission for things. If they really wanted it, I doubt IRS has the wherewithal to keep that kind of information away from the CIA. And then there's the NSA, who knoweth all phone calls and electronic communications. Sky's the limit on what they already have on Trump.
SOS is a tough fucking gig. It should be hard to get.
Doesn't give me a whole lot of confidence in the coherence of the Trump Administration, if they have to keep contradicting the President all the time.
He'll make it out of the committee, certainly. Whether he gets confirmation from the full Senate is not a given
Not nearly enough
&gt; I take it this is your first time to watch a confirmation hearing, congratulations. Not fucking hardly. Thanks for your concern &gt; Thanks for also admitting people are wrong when they say he has answered 0 questions, thank you. Well, they can be wrong, and he could also answer some more questions at the same time. They're not mutually exclusive.
"Social justice" doesn't enter into it. This isn't about pronoun usage, it's about the due process of law. This is Scarlet Letter kind of stuff. You can't trigger the murder of thousands of people out of hand and claim to be civilized, regardless of whether the pretext is drugs or witchcraft.
Tillerson ducking question about doing Exxon evading Iran sanctions. Has switched gears from "need more information" to "do not recall"
Tillerson definitely knew the answers to some of those questions, like the ones about Exxon lobbying against Iran sanctions. Ask Exxon? Please. "I know you weren't trying to lobby *for* the sanctions" was a great line.
No concerns? [Here's an obvious one](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/ben-carson-denies-relationship-still-plugs-product/)
FYI: there won't be a "Westbrook of hockey" because basketball is unique in how one superstar can dominate every game. Hockey places a much greater emphasis on depth, but I think that's just about every team sport compared to basketball. Your categories or scoring system will influence who's valuable and who isn't. Can't really give you more specific advice without knowing what those are. Beyond the first handful of superstars, whether you're in a category or points league will change who you should target. But generally speaking, centers put up some of the best numbers, but the league will always have lots of quality centers available. Your first pick in a draft might very well be a center. The top wingers will go quickly as well, because they'll still put up huge point totals, but the position isn't as deep as center. Defensemen that score a lot are scarce and you'll want to prioritize snagging at least one of them in your first three or four picks (this is an important way you can get a leg up on non-hockey fan leaguemates). Getting an elite goalie early in the draft can help, but some league settings place less emphasis on goalies. Columbus has been the subject of much debate this year. They've been a doormat for a long time and then they've come out of nowhere under Tortorella (who many had written off as a coach, and for good reason). Werenski is a breakout rookie defenseman and Bobrovsky has been hands-down the best goalie in fantasy hockey so far this year, you'll want to look into those guys. Which leads me to another important point for noobs....don't overload too many guys from one team. The NHL tends to clump most of its games on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays. If you have five guys from the same club, you'll run into problems where you can't play everybody on the same night (so their production is wasted) and the other four nights you've got nobody playing. The rule of thumb is don't take more than two guys from the same team.
Interfering in investigations against him was one of the things that brought down Nixon. ("If the President does it, it can't be illegal" and all that.) This should be basic American political knowledge. Now, Trump and the AG can slow-walk this or just choose not to do anything about it once it's finished, but once the investigation starts, they won't be able to just stop it altogether without triggering an even bigger scandal.
Same sort of scandal machine that happened to Hillary, run by the same people who were convinced Obama wasn't born in Hawaii.
Good shift from Yak there
The Reichstag as a body indpendent of the monarchy only existed for ~15 years before the Reichstag fire. Trump isn't going to be able to snap his fingers and make an institution with the history, longevity, and independent power of the US Congress disappear that quickly. Senators &amp; Reps are not going to just voluntarily cede all power immediately. &gt; the Demo warhawks to vote with him just like they did with Bush Repubs after 9/11. This is definitely not happening; the majority of those types are out of office. The situation is obviously serious, but let's not get carried away.
This is interesting, but McConnell would still have to be onboard to remove Trump from office. Ryan could impeach him, but McConnell could presumably kill the effort in the Senate. McCain/Graham would have to go to McConnell with a shitload of GOP Senators behind them--20 or 30 at a minimum, I'd think--and threaten McConnell's position as Majority Leader if he protected Trump. Trump's more likely to just resign like Nixon than let himself get dragged through an impeachment trial, I'd reckon. Ultimately McConnell probably doesn't care about this, as long as it doesn't get in the way of his domestic agenda. If that's easier with Pence in the Big Chair and Ryan as VP, then sure. (Which raises the question of who becomes Speaker, since they couldn't really settle that without Ryan when Boehner quit and McCarthy flamed out.)
Third-rate burglary, etc etc
&gt; At this point I don't think anything less than a video of Trump having sex with visibly underage Russian prostitutes will be enough to end the nightmare. **The sex stuff is a red herring.** What's really important is whether there were quid pro quos promised to people like Manafort to get the sanctions lifted, or to help get a blackmail-able politician elected President. There's the power play, y'all. *If* there's audio/video proof of *that*, please return your seat tray to its upright position and buckle yr seatbelt, because we may run into some turbulence.
I'm sure they were just discussing the weather....
I, uh....it's hard to escape that conclusion, yes. Think about that dossier Buzzfeed published. *Some* of it is bullshit, but *enough* of it is legit that USIC is taking it seriously. *Seriously enough to brief Obama, Trump, and the Gang of Eight.* And now this comes out. It says Flynn called the Russian Ambassador--not the Embassy, *the Ambassador*. "Repeatedly," even. The day Obama kicked Russian spies out of the country. At a minimum, Flynn better lawyer up.
Way too much of a quadruple bank shot. This was never anybody's idea of a plan. *Manafort* [is the one who manuevered Trump into selecting Pence](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/donald-trump-offered-chris-christie-vice-president-role-before-mike-pence/). Trump originally wanted Christie. Manafort wasn't picking a replacement for Trump, he was trying to mend fences with the GOP old guard.
Glancing at his Wiki page, I think the tax evasion/embezzlement conviction came before the underage sex conviction.
Mr. Carson, are you now, or have you ever been, in a barbershop quartet in Skokie, Illinois?
Raises the question of what constitutes the Cabinet during the transition.
As many as it takes, apparently....
So you think it's totally normal for a NS Adviser to arrange contacts between heads of state, then.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Grozny_%281999%E2%80%932000%29
Now I have two questions you have avoided addressing entirely. Why, it's almost like you're not debating in good faith.
The Constitution is the single source of all legal authority in the US. There is no other source of power. Everything flows from it. The system is designed to resist domination by one individual, but it's also designed to respond (slowly, on purpose) to the will of the people (through elections). The Founders built in the Electoral College as the last chance to block a guy like this taking office, but it didn't. (The EC absolutely needs to go, IMHO.) I don't know what else you could possibly expect. Trump hasn't been formally accused of treason, let alone convicted. Due process of law is sacrosanct here. Yes, we can tell the system is fucked up, but we all have different ideas of how it's fucked up and what to do about it. Amending the Constitution is very difficult. What America may have to get used to is the idea of the general strike, which is a tactic we haven't seen attempted in many decades. Withdraw the consent of the governed. Bad approval ratings are part of it, at least....the lower Trump goes, the less he can push Congress around.
Headline is an early favorite for Understatement of the Year
&gt; you can hate shkreli but you can't hate his trolling This sentence doesn't make any sense
These people have it in their heads that identity politics is just a way for people to bash them, so they don't understand why they can't use it to bash back. They don't understand a word of what anyone's said to them over the last twenty years on the topic and haven't bothered to try. Really strange to try to twist egalitarianism into a way to promote inequality.
I don't personally support the idea of blocking them from speaking or disrupting the event. But it's the 21st century, if you're really interested in what they have to say, you can find it online. You don't have to be physically present in the same room with them to hear them. Speaking at a university, as opposed to a public park or a street corner or something, means they are benefitting from the name and reputation of that institution. The students there are part of that institution and if they think that reputation is going to be damaged by allowing people like that to speak there, then that's their decision and not mine.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rossotrudnichestvo The Russian version of USAID, basically.
I think the organist was playing QOTSA
Tumblesenko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFXszIFkiAQ
Never open the Polak door
&gt; high crime [citation needed]
Utah Jazz is tough to beat
&gt; Society has functioned for 200 some years without socialized healthcare. This is not a valid argument for repealing ACA. Try again &gt; Again, it's not your right to take things from other people and it creates a ton of negative externalities that are just as bad as the problem you're trying to fix. I don't understand this paragraph at all. I thought you just said taxes are a necessary evil. And what negative externalities? Like insurance companies raking in a slightly smaller fortune? Oh noez. &gt; now you get to regulate my personal actions. What the fuck are you talking about now? I was talking about prevention and quality of life, meaning people can get preventive care and stay healthier longer, instead of just going to the ER when they have a heart attack, like Romney said. I'm not talking about having a government minder check on your diet once a month and fine you for eating too many Doritos.
&gt; Certainly, there is a large portion of America that believes they are immune to all illness. I certainly hope that is true. SPOILER: it isn't
Replace with what? They've had six years to come up with something and it's still a mystery
&gt; The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness.--JK Galbraith
Sounds pretty reasonable to me. Both of the guys you're getting back are studs. Who are your other goalies?
Berglund's stick got under his skate, I think it was accidental. Probably should've been tripping though
The Wild are legit. I watched most of that game and most of the Stars game, they are fun to watch
Quick whistle. Break for us. Hutton didn't have it. That was a hell of a sequence. It's like this turned into a playoff game
BERGLUND HOLY SHITBALLS WOW
Full disclosure: I'm a Blues homer *and* an Allen owner who came very close to rage-dropping him after the embarassment against the Kings. But I'm still skeptical. Hutton is a career backup and Allen has been groomed for a long time for the #1 job. I think Blues mgmt still sees the situation this way and we've had no indication otherwise. I was a little surprised they started Hutton two nights in a row, but I think they're trying to get Allen reset and there hasn't been a permanent change in either man's status yet. Okay. All that being said, the Blues skaters top to bottom looked a hell of a lot better in the San Jose/Anaheim games (that Hutton started) compared to how they've looked for the past couple of weeks, while Allen was bad. So this leads to a chicken-and-egg question....are they playing better because they have more confidence in Hutton than Allen? Or are they responding to the shakeup by the coaching staff (and presumably getting chewed out behind closed doors by the tag team of Hitchcock/Yeo)? Hard to say for sure. St. Louis gets Ottawa at home on Tuesday. I'd be very surprised if Allen doesn't get that start. After that it's Washington at home on Thursday, and they travel to Winnipeg on Saturday. If I had to bet right now, Allen gets the two home starts and Hutton gets the road start. Allen has been dogshit on the road this season: Allen|GP|W/L/T|GA|SV|SV%|GAA|SO :-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-: home|18|12-3-2|39|420|.915|2.26|1 road|15|5-8-1|45|337|.882|3.41|0 So if Allen *doesn't* get the two home starts this week, I'd be surprised. And then I really would feel safe in dropping Allen. Til then, I think Allen is a much more capable goalie than what he's shown over the last month. I get that people are feeling antsy, but I still think he's just too talented to be this shitty for long.
That game yesterday was hilarious. Caused all of Nisk's average stats to make huge jumps.
Accept #1 before he changes his mind and worry about your LW later.
I think it's kind of a lateral move. The biggest downside is that Carolina gets such a favorable playoff schedule.
Right, that's what I'm saying. Their points per game pace is almost identical.
Other than the Cubs and Royals winning titles? That Pujols would go to Los Angeles of Anaheim and immediately lose his contact and OBP skills (while retaining the ridiculous SLG). We all thought he'd decline eventually, but not like that. I expected either a more gradual across-the-board erosion, or that he'd lose the power but not the singles and walks.
Still don't understand why they had to waive him. Don't they have room on the roster?
Maybe I'm in the minority here, but I really do think Allen's slump is at least partly because of the skaters in front of him underperforming. The skaters looked a damn sight better in the two Hutton starts, so hopefully the coaches and the skaters have fixed whatever needed fixing. Assuming they can maintain that level of play (which I think is reasonable), then hopefully that means Allen can get back on track soon. I think you're absolutely right that the team is really missing Backes this year though.
I don't know what the Clintons are planning to do now. You'd have to ask them. But the Foundation is (was) a very large organization. It's not a fucking Burger King where you just flip the lights on the big sign outside and fire up the grill and you're ready for business. Presumably a lot of the top people have already lined up jobs elsewhere, *since they had months to do so.* Again, the contrast with the various Trump vehicles is telling. Trump should have started divesting himself of conflicts much, much sooner, because large, complex organizations take time to wind down. But of course, we all know Trump's sycophants can't be bothered to care about his obvious corruption.
Okay, Hitler scholar, pop quiz. Why was the date of November 9th chosen for the Beer Hall Putsch?
Pretty sure it's supposed to represent speech, not music.
r/theydidthemath I've got that link bookmarked, I'll have to read that another time. In any event, yes, just eyeballing the picture, it's very unlikely that it's got enough temporal resolution to be intelligible. I think this is a metaphor, or an "artist's impression" rather than an actual, literal sound file.
Theoretically, he could do it with an executive order. Trouble with that is Trump could just reverse it with another one.
Welp. Allen staying benched is really putting me behind the 8-ball. I said I'd be surprised if this happened and, well, I'm surprised
Stastny actually
Organist is doing the 7/8 part from Tom Sawyer. That was cool
Aren't they from Toronto? ....ohhhh, I get it now LOL
Ottawa looks really disorganized all of a sudden, not sure what's going on
We played Anaheim on Sunday and they were saying the same thing
You're killing your father, Larry
Coming into this week, I had Allen/Helly/Ward. I feel you
I think between Allen/Helly/Ward, they got pulled [six times in the last two weeks](http://i.imgur.com/BibSQuO.gif), something like that.
Nobody in this thread is defending Weiner. Try again
Propaganda
&gt; Clearly our current spending is unsustainable There isn't much left to cut. [Here's the pie chart of last year's budget.](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/U.S._Federal_Spending.png) The 16% slice in the lower left is the part we're talking about. Defense, health, debt service, and SS is ~84% of the budget. It's our revenue level that's the problem. The largest corporations and the richest families are hoarding money, while the rest of us are progressively worse off every year. Right-wing economics *don't work*, the end.
It's lilke you didn't read anything I just said. Please find a calculator and divide 750 million by 4 trillion. There is no valid comparison to be made between federal spending and personal spending. A government is not a household or a business.
Also long-term projects like renewable energy sources and infrastructure. Penny-wise, pound-foolish etc. (I'm quite skeptical of Trump's infrastructure promises, but we'll see.)
Go to an art museum and stand in front of a 9 foot painting or sculpture and tell me you can get the same experience by just looking at a picture on a six-inch iPhone screen.
I think that was a "wake the skaters up" pull, since he went back in after the first stoppage. That 2nd goal wasn't on Allen, puck comes from behind the net to the high slot where Beagle was open, who put it in the top corner on the far side. Lehtera did nothing but screen Allen. Fucking $4.5 million defensive center who isn't playing any goddamn defense. Ugh
WHEEL SNIPE CELLY
Hell of a save from Holtby on Fabs
Well, Schwartz/Steen/Stastny came to play tonight, so that's a bright spot
The Trump Admin is going to leak like a sieve
I mostly do as well, but I also support limits on the fringe of political discourse, such as Germany's ban on displaying Nazi propaganda.
ITT: sore winners
Matthews, I think. Kopitar's going to accelerate but Matthews has been producing all year. Greiss has been playing really well recently too.
Anybody who thought this was going to turn into a goalie duel, raise your hand
Welcome to the NHL, kid
Jaskin misses an empty net, because of course
That was a brutal article. Seems like feuding with both the spooks *and* the press is a bad combination.
I don't think they took kindly to Trump calling them "fake news"
No, it's actually not. Trump's unchecked narcissism is a major problem. The President is not a dictator. He has constraints on his power. If he's willing to send his Press Sec'y out there to yell at reporters on January 21st about something trivial, wait until there's bad news about something important.
Yes, I'm sure it would be *interesting.* It would empower the 4 permanent SC members (UK, France, Russia, China). Two of those countries are not democracies. The two that are were colonial powers. One already has a right-wing government and Le Pen is a threat to take over in the other. Exactly what do you think would improve? ....this is about Israel, isn't it. The UN is a lot bigger than Israel.
I think you'd be pretty hard pressed to find any Democrats that think there's nothing wrong with the party and all Democrats are saints that shit roses. But now that Trump has been inaugurated, anyone that wants to keep fighting the primary is a [concern troll.](http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I00009i5fSqLj7ng/s/600/480/sn070202-Claymore-mine001.jpg)
This is the definition of a second guess. Bernie *might* have beaten Trump, but he still might have lost. There's no guarantee of the outcome of an election that didn't happen! It's a counterfactual, there is no right answer. Therefore you can never be wrong. But there's no way to convince anyone you're right either. It's a 100% counterproductive thing to spend any energy on, in 2017. Donald Fucking Actual Trump is the honest-to-goodness President, right now, today. Hillary is out of the picture. We have to fight Trump. And Ryan/McConnell. The 2020 primary has plenty of time to develop and there's no obvious front runner, give it some time.
And thus beginneth the pointless shitstorm that will be Trump's foreign policy
You Have Not Been Paying Attention
The best thing about Mat Latos is his cat. Cat Latos
I think this has to be a parody account. Nobody this genuinely dumb could remember their password to log in more than once
You might say they're being *politically incorrect*
I mean....you're not wrong, exactly. It *is* shitty to hope someone has a heart problem that prevents them from doing their job. The point, which seems to be completely lost on you, is that is that what righties deride as "political correctness" is (mostly) people trying not to be an asshole. When you have someone who repeatedly, publicly, deliberately shits all over the idea of being kind and respectful to others, then they don't deserve kindness and respect in return. It's a two-way street. This is really basic, All I Needed To Know I Learned In Kindergarten kind of stuff and Trump and his fans fail it miserably and think it's funny. People like Milo &amp; Spencer etc are completely fucking devoid of empathy for people who are not like them. They mock compassion and altruism. They're assholes, just like the man at the top. *Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.* Trump has done nothing in his life but step on people, rip them off, and find ways to ~~grab them by the pussy~~ take advantage of them. So then he (or his fans) can't act shocked and wounded when people express something less than best wishes for his continued success now that he's in the most important job in the world.
So, what are the odds that Parliament refuses to ratify Brexit? 5-10% at best?
People are angry at Trump for a whole host of reasons, not least of which is that he didn't even win a plurality of votes cast. At least Leave can point to an actual majority.
The Electoral College system was designed to balance the power of small states (like Rhode Island) with big states (like Virginia); later in the 19th century it was to balance the number of new free and slave states admitted to the Union. The US in 1787 had less than 4 million people living there, today it's 330 million. The idea of individual cities (rather than entire states) dominating the EC is a modern one. It's similar to the problem presented by devolved Parliaments: empowering subnational units risks subverting what the numerical majority wants.
I mean....I and u/VGramarye just explained to you exactly why any change to the EC system is nearly impossible, and you're continuing to complain about people protesting Trump. Which suggests to me that maybe you don't exactly have a finger to the pulse of American domestic politics. (A President coming into office with approval in the low 40s is completely without precedent. The protests aren't likely to get Trump to change much of anything, but you can bet your bottom dollar that Congress is paying attention.) Keep in mind that the EC is not the only problem we're facing, there's also the conservatives on the Supreme Court destroying parts of the Voting Rights Act a few years ago, rampant gerrymandering, increasingly heavy-handed voter ID laws and the scaremongering about voter fraud, etc etc. Tough to envision anything getting better when we're having to fight continuous rearguard actions to keep things from getting *worse.*
Vancouver isn't great either, so it's a gamble, but I think it's a relatively safe gamble. Colorado really stinks.
It might look a little different in a categories league than a points league, but Sekera has been pretty consistently okay all season long. Klef is more volatile. He goes hot and cold. So I guess it's whether the rest of your roster can pick up the slack if Klefbom isn't scoring, or if you need stability more. FWIW, Larsson's had a strong fantasy month in his own right. Not that I expect it to continue, but he should be worth a look in a deep league or for a stream.
&gt; either they handle it, or we'll handle it for them. First off, what's this "we" shit? *You* aren't going to do a goddamned thing except shitpost about it from the safety and comfort of your own home. Anyway, I'm positive that if Donald Trump and his giant ego could just stroll into Chicago and tell everyone to chillax, and magically the homicide rate plunged overnight, everybody would give him a well-earned round of applause. But vague quarter-ass "solutions" to complex problems don't usually work out so nicely in the real world. **What the hell does "send in the Feds" mean?** Like James Comey doesn't know how to find Chicago on a map and needs help? Does it mean an interagency task force? Additional funding from Congress? Is he planning to send in the National Guard and the 101st Airborne? What the fuck does he mean? We have zero specifics. "Send in the Feds" is four words in a tweet, it's not a fucking real plan. It's talk. In the meantime it makes his sycophants fill in the blanks in their own imagination, who then mouth off to the rest of us *oh you just wait and see how great it'll be, it'll be great, I'll tell you that, I have the best Feds.* John Wayne, Elliot Ness, and Chuck Norris are already kicking Bad Guy ass in Englewood in your head. Trump saw something on TV about homicides in Chicago today and tweeted about it, and y'all think it's oracular.
Maybe if you'd take questions of policy a wee bit more seriously, people wouldn't be so harsh. There have been a number of substantive questions raised in this thread about what exactly the fuck Trump is talking about, and your response has basically been *LOL LIBTARDZZZ MAGA*. You want respect? Earn it.
The fine print will always get ya
http://i.imgur.com/pezgM.gif
They're all in line at the salad vendor, obviously
She got [laughed out of court.](http://www.stltoday.com/business/local/phyllis-schlafly-loses-trademark-dispute-with-nephew-s-craft-brewery/article_467c3b6f-0572-5b31-ad4b-b63abf6857cf.html) And then she died a few months later.
&gt; Adelaide Bite took the lead with four runs in one innings before Sydney got one back. FYI--in baseball we call that an inning, singular. To be even more precise, that's a half-inning; a full inning includes both the top and bottom half. Baseball terminology also doesn't include "innings" in the sense of a player's performance on that particular day. (Instead of saying a player had a great innings today, you'd say he had a great game or something similar.) Anyway, I love that baseball is gaining popularity down under.
&gt; I remember saying "there isn't a big difference between Bush and Gore." Bush proved me wrong and it is a lesson I never forgot. Same here. Boy was I ever wrong
&gt; I believe your freedom of speech allows him to voice it. The First Amendment means the government can't prohibit him from saying it. It says nothing about private organizations (like Reddit), and it says nothing about being free from the consequences of your statements. edit to add: &gt; Iran was a very different country until the revolution in the 50s, now it's a hardline Islamic state. You may want to review your history. CIA/MI6 overthrew the democratically elected President of Iran in *1953* in favor of the Shah, because he wanted to nationalize Iran's oil. The Islamic Revolution was in *1979.* and was a direct response to the West pursuing "regime change." Think of how different world history could have been if Mossadegh would have been left in place. Anyway, the recent nuclear deal enhanced the support of the moderates at the expense of the hardliners. Trump is going to erode those gains, just watch.
LOL nope
Article said his citizenship is Swedish. Pro sports franchises usually have a number of international players, so I'm sure they're already on top of visa issues.
Whether or not the President has the right to enforce his immigration policy is one thing. But if Trump tries to interfere in this way with the investigations into his Russia ties, or his business dealings, impeachment will become an issue sooner rather than later. Even with a Republican Congress. Ryan and McConnell care more about their retrograde agenda much more than they will ever care about Trump.
LOL nailed it
It's not just liberals, and it's not just kids. He's risking losing the middle of the country. Look at his polling numbers. New presidents get a bump during the transition. Trump hasn't. He's sinking already.
Read more, post less
Well, he met Lavrov in the Oval Office, so I'd say he's more like a Russian Cabinet-level official.
CMart still touching 100 mph in the 8th inning. He's single-handedly keeping this team in games. He bats 2nd in the bottom half, so that should be it for him, but he looks like he could pitch 11 or 12 innings again.
http://mlb.mlb.com/images/2/8/4/88431284/Longball_ps2ef4kx.gif
Fowler with a fucking no-doubter. 400+ to the back of the bullpen in right-center.
Use both. Advanced metrics are built on certain assumptions, when they disagree, it's good to know why.
So, no, you can't cite a source that says it didn't happen, got it.
I can't be the only one who thought of Tulo/Fernandez.
I was thinking John Dean, actually.
Rakewright
Frum was a speechwriter for GW Bush. He's the one who coined the term "Axis of Evil" to refer to Iran, Iraq, and North Korea. The fact that *David Frum* is considered some sort of reasonable or moderate voice speaks volumes. We are very far down the rabbit hole indeed.
190-odd countries signed the damn thing. We're not "renegotiating" anything. I don't know why anyone would think that was a legitimate option. Just like with NATO, Paris is not about us doing favors for other countries strictly out of the kindness of our hearts and the largesse of our budget. It's cold-hearted, hard-headed, 100% logical self-interest. Peace on the continent of Europe between the great powers and mitigation of climate change are *absolutely* in the national interest.
&gt; Paris is not about us doing favors for other countries strictly out of the kindness of our hearts and the largesse of our budget. It's cold-hearted, hard-headed, 100% logical self-interest. I told you already, naked self-interest. We're the single biggest carbon emitter, we have the most work to do regardless. We should be leading on this.
This is a great example of somebody missing a reference
Also, the Goths didn't have suicide bombers.
*13th round.
In order to get Kluber off the DL, I had to choose between dropping Wacha and Joe Ross. Guess which I chose. I also have Hendricks. Oh, and I didn't realize Kluber's game was a day game, so I didn't even get the benefit of that start. Needed ERA &amp; WHIP to win this week. Welp.
So we should just ignore it or something? Turnabout is fair play, is that what you're saying?
All the amateur sleuths will be looking in her windows at her countertops....
Clearly. I was born during the Carter Administration, and I can't recall ever being this angry with Russia. It just keeps getting worse and worse.
Yep. An election do-over of any kind would have to be approved by the GOP Congress, which LOL.
The Emoluments Clause must be reinforced with legislation to give it sharper teeth. Also, I'd reckon the recent law introduced in CA that states Presidential candidates must disclose their taxes in order to receive ballot access should be enacted at the federal level in some form.
The speed with which the arrest came down suggests they had some other way of knowing about this. I'd say her email was probably monitored. If she was using work computers to do this, that was extra dumb.
&gt; No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States: and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state. That's the whole thing. No mention of consequences or penalties for violating it.
&gt; Yep, but But *nothing.* You're cherrypicking. &gt; you'd have to be crazy to support a purely popular means of electing the president Why is that crazy? The Democrats have lost in the EC despite winning a majority of the popular vote twice in the last 16 years. &gt; How easy do you want it to be to hack an election? Fraudulently altering enough individual precincts to flip a state seems a hell of a lot simpler than having to process enough information in real-time when dealing with a sample of &gt; 100,000,000 votes. [See also](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benford%27s_law).
Rush Limbaugh told me that conservatism cannot fail, it can only be failed! Onward Christian Soldiers!
Glad we got that cleared up.--Bob Mueller, probably.
How the fuck are you going to cough up three homers to fucking Scooter Gennett. JFC
I'm not sold on the bat yet, but he looks like a plus defender at least.
Oh come *on*
It's an unforced error. Jesus, just cause Trump's undisciplined, that doesn't mean everybody else can just go blurt out the first thing that comes to their mind.
&gt;These delays are strange even for a White House that ran what one former official called the “slowest transition in decades” and that has dealt with key government posts with all the urgency of a summer barbecue. LOW ENERGY
They *might* commute the sentence on their last day in office, but there won't ever be a pardon for her.
&gt; It's been proven wrong *[citation needed]*
Jesus that's nasty. Not just the sheer velo, but that arm-side run looks savage. Just fouling that off is impressive.
Hell, barely six months ago they were complaining about Saudi donations to the Clinton Foundation.
&gt; except they'll say "is not" rather than stay in the more appropriate past tense This is a good point, but really what's at stake here specifically is obstruction of justice regarding the Flynn case.
Can my hitters not suck tonight pls k thx
I sure as hell wouldn't
Love the idea, hate the cutesy acronym.
I don't actually buy this argument, but I think it would run something like this: the Russians are going to engage in espionage no matter what, may as well know where there are and monitor the buildings. That way, you at least know who's coming and going and who everybody is talking to, etc. I'm not sure how much I'd buy that argument if a normal person was President, but Trump changes that calculation quite a bit. Curious to see where this goes in the House though.
Brett "Literally Hitler" Cecil
I don't know how everyone's supposed to just ignore the President. That doesn't really make any sense. Also, the more he talks, the more problems he makes for himself. The motormouth shtick was one thing when he was a real estate hustler/casino tycoon/TV celebrity, but POTUS is an entirely different sort of gig.
It's a damn good question. I was being sarcastic about him not getting moved out of the leadoff spot in my earlier comment, but it's surely going to be hard for Matheny to resist. I suspect Fowler would bat 2nd in that case, with Pham being the one to drop down the order. Definitely make sure to watch for the Cards' lineups in the next few days if you're concerned about Fowler. Matheny is like the anti-TLR about pushing buttons and moving guys around. He likes his guys to have clearly defined roles (whether they make any sense or not). Carp is *supposed* to be the #3 guy and Fowler is *supposed* to be the #1, but Matheny is under pressure with the division looking totally winnable and the Cards coughing up game after game recently.
I'm not totally convinced that ball was actually fair. The broadcast showed one and only one look from the RF corner toward the plate. It crossed the line in the air, and I'm not certain that was past the bag yet when it did. I only got the one look at it though FWIW.
McCain apparently going for the Chewbacca defense here
Don McGahn is probably going to have to try to explain the concept of *mens rea* to Trump later tonight.
http://i.imgur.com/4fDVJsT.png
I've got Santana at the moment too, go with the hot hand in the friendly park. Polanco is too streaky/fragile to be reliable in fantasy. The power/speed combination is so tantalizing, yet it somehow never quite pays off.
They might have a delay tonight, but I think they'll be able to get the game in.
If you can admit a mistake, fine. Nobody's perfect, swallow your pride and learn your lesson. We need all the help we can get in digging out of the hole we're in, I can't be too mad as long as you grab a shovel. If you keep insisting that the Emperor's new clothes are tremendous, tremendous clothes, just the best, believe me, everyone keeps telling me, etc etc ad naus...then you can fuck right off. You're still part of the problem.
He got hurt last year and hasn't been the same. He lost absolutely all of his power. He still looks OK in the field at third to me, although he's presumably never playing shortstop again no matter what.
He's batting .310 with a .418 BABIP, though. He won't hit like this all year. Once Pederson comes back, I don't see where the ABs are going to come from.
I don't know about "all over the place," but he didn't look like he could go 11 or 12 innings like he did a few weeks ago. That looked like his last inning no matter what.
What makes libertarianism so powerful is how simple the rhetoric is. Maximize freedom, minimize the state, profit! Actually demonstrating how and why implementing this thinking as a one-size-fits-all solution to varied and subtle problems facing the modern state is time-consuming and requires some effort. Waving a Gadsden Flag is really easy compared to learning something about a complex topic like climate policy, or Keynesian economics, NATO, etc etc.
Sorry. But you said it, man....baseball can be weird sometimes.
WTF, wow. I guess that guy's a believer in Cozart or something.
If you're going to trade some of those excess bats, mid-June is a solid time to do it. FYI, remember that 2-for-1 deals usually favor whoever's getting the 1.
Go to Voat
I think a majority of Americans favor it, PR is what's divided. They've been gridlocked politically for years there. As long as there are enough Puerto Ricans that oppose statehood, I'm not sure what else Congress can do.
Then every rich person who could afford a second residence would "live" abroad and you'd lose a huge chunk of your tax base.
Oh yeah, pull the trigger for Murphy and snag Bellinger. That's brilliant.
Oh right, I saw that article too, I didn't even think to look for it. I have [this](http://www.fangraphs.com/guts.aspx) bookmarked.
Ah, that makes sense. The way I see it, I reckon Schiff is trying to deter Trump from fucking with Mueller in the first place. This strikes me as being a more credible threat than impeachment, coming from the minority.
Machado SB alert
I can't believe how few save opportunities Seattle has had. They're either way up or way down.
Fielder's immediate regrets
I thought it was okay. I liked the way a lot of it looked visually, but the tyrannical bandleader character was such a cliche. In a way, it's sort of a masculine version of Black Swan, minus the more layered symbolism and ambiguity.
Speed guys like that aren't worth as much in points leagues.
I wouldn't bet on that. If it cleared the Senate by 95 votes, it's probably going to sail through the House too.
I know, goddammit! I feel like I'm taking crazy pills for sitting both of them. But I have too many bats. I started Schebler (@ Chacin), D. Santana (@ Leake), and Jose Ramirez (vs McCarthy) instead. All of those have to be more favorable matchups....but....ugh.
I'm still getting used to it, but I actually kind of like it so far. Some people have floated the idea of three threads, with the split advice/chat thread during the daytime, and a single Anything Goes-style thread for the evening. Have the mods discussed that possibility?
Dude's a decent hitter, he was just either blocked or hurt in St. Louis. It'll be interesting to see what happens to him when Freeman comes back.
RIP Leake owners. Cards bullpen threw something like 9 innings in the doubleheader yesterday. He's probably going to get left out there for at least another couple of innings.
Seattle must be on course to play the fewest number of close games in the history of ever
Can Cleveland's offense please get their ass in gear thx in advance xoxo
Aledmys Diaz with a line drive homer in the rain, just inside the LF foul pole. He just missed a double to the RF corner. And now the tarp comes back out.
I still don't buy this. The GOP noise machine could make the Pope look like a sociopath if they wanted to. Bernie would've been torn down. They're really good at it. What's the first thing you think of when you think of John Kerry? Swift Boats Vets, right?
He isn't getting everything he wants, Gulen is in Pennsylvania and not going anywhere. Erdogan wants him extradited, and this incident and his other shenanigans pretty much guaranteed Congress will never let him be extradited for any reason.
You're in a points league, you don't need to worry about steals. Get somebody that isn't slumping. His strikeouts are up, walks are down. He's got a .283 OBP for the season, and the projections only have him in the low .320s ROS. His BABIP is low but not that low for a guy who pulls the ball on the ground a lot.
Nah, Votto's great. When the Cards and Reds were at each other's throats in 2010, he was one of the few Reds that I didn't hate with the fury of a thousand suns.
I think they're going to take Gunny. A guy like that would be real valuable to a team starting from scratch, I'd think. Otherwise, it's gotta be Perron.
For that part, go to the Leaders tab and look for "Splits Leaderboard." Hit Team, and then look at the desired batted ball type under splits. I would then hit Advanced and look at wRC+. (Keep in mind that sample size may be an issue with some of these splits.) I'm still learning how to use that page, I think it's new this year. But I still don't know how to just hit one page and see exactly what you're looking for without having to pull in other info or do some tedious number-crunching.
Trolleys, actually.
I think they're going to flip Adams, personally. Dude can hit, we've seen it in stretches before. He probably belongs in the AL. Maybe Boston could use him as an upgrade over Moreland, I dunno.
Moustakas takes opponent's Chris Sale deep. I'll take it
Yadi &amp; Pham dongs. St. Louis drops a six-spot on Philly in the 11th. This guy Fien is just throwing batting practice. edit: Carp up for the second time in the inning with a screaming RBI double to the corner. That was fun
Jesus rollerskating Christ, Cody Bellinger is unreal
More like the right side up....
I don't think that's a fair reading of what I said at all. It's a technicality and if it genuinely has that much support, getting the Constitutional requirements in order doesn't seem like a tall order. I can't imagine a scenario where Senate Republicans are nearly unanimous in supporting a high-profile foreign policy decision, but House Republicans would torpedo it through inaction and hide behind a technicality. That does not sound realistic to me.
I'll absolutely take Sobotka over Perron, no question. Sobotka was hell-bent for election when he came back.
Wow, I don't know how I missed this. I think you're right, no way this game is getting played. Thanks, wish I'd seen it earlier.
Altherr just made a fantastic catch on Carpenter. Hard hit fly ball with a ton of spin towards right, keeps slicing, slicing, slicing towards the line. Then it looks like it'll get safely to the stands in foul territory. Altherr just keeps drifting with it and then leaps over the wall in foul terrirory and brings it back, almost like a homer, except along the wall instead of against it, if that makes any sense. I don't think I've ever seen anybody do that.
My OF is Bellinger, Inciarte, Kemp, and I move Jose Ramirez around. I'm doing okay with HRs, and he doesn't give you much in average and steals. It's not that I think he'll be bad ROS, I just don't have anywhere to put him once McCullers comes back. Unless I want to drop a pitcher and carry a bench bat, that is. The 14 team/shallow roster thing is weird. It's hard to stash guys that seem like they ought to be rostered.
I guess the next guy up might be Gonzales, or they might try stretching Lyons out again. It'd be real nice to have Reyes about now.
What the fuck haha
And the blister demons
http://www.andrewclem.com/Baseball/PoloGrounds.html Not quite that big, but still plenty of ITPs.
Jesus, this would be embarassing if the Trumpies had any shame. The press briefings are how they're supposed to get their message out, not fucking Twitter. This is only going to hurt them in the long run.
This is how I see it. Especially with all the injuries going on.
Mostly neutral. For fantasy purposes, you want to focus on guys who usually hit in the top four spots. 5th is okay but not ideal. It's only when a guy gets dropped to 6-7-8 that you should be concerned. Jose Ramirez was batting 6th for a good chunk of the season, but was still very productive. He's been promoted recently, however. Mostly batting order will influence R &amp; RBI, not so much the other stats. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batting_order_(baseball) has a good rundown. Note that modern sabermetric thinking doesn't perfectly line up with traditional usage. The trend of using power hitters like Rizzo in the #1 slot is part of that.
Ultimately, audiences don't really care about methodology, they care about results. Any tool you use to arrive at that result is valid. Photo editing is obviously a pretty powerful set of tools, but in your case, I'd point out there are techniques available to people working with actual paint that can only be emulated in Photoshop.
FYI, Gamel is rocking a .456 BABIP. That will surely tail off ROS.
Fucking Chris Ianetta, you've got to be kidding.
I think they'll charge Voit's run to Walker, but everything after that should be unearned. ....lol Descalso.
Batting the pitcher 8th leads to a couple extra runs scored per year. It's marginal, but it's there. AFAIK Tony La Russa was the first to do that. The idea is that it batting order only strictly matters the first time through. After that, there's no guarantee the leadoff man is ever actually going to lead off another inning. So in the mid/late innings, the #9 hitter becomes a sort of second leadoff man, your #3 becomes your new cleanup hitter, etc.
[John Lackey right now, probably](http://i.imgur.com/JO9kUE9.gifv)
LOL whoops, chalk that up to a bad edit. Meant the other Cards' SS options, obviously Gyorko is plenty relevant.
Voice of reason, my ass. She just called the PPACA repeal bill Communist.
Goldy getting jobbed in this PA. Two called strikes off the plate edit: swung through a high fastball. Pretty sure he was looking for the curveball there and didn't get one.
Yahoo overuses the fucking DTD tag. It's annoying trying to distinguish the legit health issues from the "HBP in the 9th inning of a ten run game and removed for pinch runner" false alarms.
Carpenter and Justin Turner are absolutely not droppable in an OBP league. Shaw's a worthwhile add, but you have got to have somebody else to drop.
I'd rather have Dickerson. I love Cutch, and I know he's been hot, but he keeps having months of unproductiveness. Dickerson's been ripping it up all year AFAIK.
Keeps going up there swinging with the wrong end of the fucking bat, apparently
California doesn't have a planned economy, come on
Save of the year. Hutton was absolutely fuckin brilliant in this game, except for the brain cramp where he lost the puck in the corner and had to make an equally ridiculous save from point blank range.
Gonna go *way* out on a limb and guess that Trump hasn't ever heard of the Streisand Effect
&gt; Reporting is about more than stenography. Pushing a narrative is the polar opposite of stenography. Stenography is just literally recording what somebody says and then repeating it, like a court clerk or a secretary at a shareholders meeting. I get what you're saying re: Wolff's credibility, but why would Trump grant someone with credibility access in the first place? He wouldn't. He *wanted* a narrative, apparently it's not the one he had in mind though.
Good to see Schmidt back on the ice after hitting the boards weird while he was tied up with Sobotka.
I can't believe none of those fucking shots went in. The whole team can't keep shooting at 5% forever
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
This has been one of the most insane regular season games I can remember
Now that was a Good Game Knightsbros. Whew
Yeah, I think that's kind of the point. Nobody's insurance company would pay for that. So they finally got in the car and drove home. With a gunshot wound, with morphine and ice. Only in America.
When Berkman came up in the 10th, he was the only person in the ballpark, including Tony "Sunglasses At Night" La Russa, not completely losing their shit. You could just see it in his face. *Calmer'n you are, Dude.*
Health insurance has been a hot topic in politics for a decade now, I don't see what the issue is.
&gt; our interests are not identical to the insured’s I mean....isn't it screamingly obvious what the problem is with that?
Note to self: do not play poker with Lance Berkman
&gt; while it would reduce profits to a degree, in the long run we're all better off That's the human condition in a nutshell, ain't it? *"Fuck you and your concern for everyone's well-being, I've got quarterly goals I gotta meet or I'm gonna lose my job!"* The for-profit insurance model works a hell of a better for *stuff* than it does for people's health. People that are healthy are back to work more quickly and contributing a great deal more to the economy than people who can't work because they're unwell and stay that way.
Yep. In late 2013 he rounded first base hard (IIRC he was looking at the outfield trying to decide whether to break for second) and the umpire was in the way. He suffered a lisfranc injury trying to avoid him. He came back for the WS in the Kirk Gibson role and we had the infamous obstruction-off play with Middlebrooks. Other than that, he was really never the same. And then Mozeliak managed to turn him and Joe Kelly into John Lackey. His defense at first wasn't terrible as I recall, but he was not a good outfielder. However, he did steal a homer from Nelson Cruz in Game 7 in 2011. He said afterwards that was the only time he ever did that at any level (!).
Al Gore gets this a lot. It's as if the fact that he doesn't wear sackcloth &amp; ashes and walk everywhere means he's a hypocrite who can be safely ignored.
The 19th Amendment was women's suffrage. You're thinking of the 18th Amendment, which was Prohibition, and was repealed by the 21st. You're correct that a future Congress could just decide to re-schedule pot, but I think that would be pretty unlikely.
They call it "weed" for a reason. It isn't hard to grow and nobody can patent the plant itself. It's been around for thousands of years, improving on current cultivars might not be impossible but not likely to recoup the initial investment. The cannabinoids are mostly already documented, and CBD is already starting to become widely used therapeutically. Those compounds are going to replace things that existing drugs (which had billions sunk into R&amp;D) are currently prescribed for. Not to mention all the other uses for the plant itself (rope, fiber, dyes, biofuel, etc). There are a whole lot of people who would lose economically beyond the pharamceutical industry, like law enforcement and the prison guards' union. Add in the tee-totaller religious right and it's a pretty potent lobby, one that's held up for the better part of a century.
Don't forget well done steak with ketchup. That's what stable geniuses with large hands eat.
Tommy Pham
You can give out grants (to fund work that hasn't been done yet) without having a fucking awards show (which is for work that's already completed).
&gt; everything that the modern progressive hates Lefties don't like the Bundys because they're violent thieves. Rural's got nothing to do with it. It's the right that wants to chop the country up into geographic region, some of which are plusgood ("the Heartland") and some of which are plusbad (D.C., Hollywood, Chicago, etc). Listen to the rhetoric in the upcoming Presidential primaries. Republicans will attack "San Francisco values" and shit like that. You won't hear a parallel geography-based attack from the Dems. I welcome counter-examples.
That was a hell of a bout. I missed that one.
You seem to be spending a lot of time trying to find a way to disagree with me, while not actually disagreeing with me. My contention is that one side attacks whole regions of the country, and one doesn't. I'm getting responses that are about everything but what I'm actually saying. I'm talking about **explicit** appeals like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uROhNSsi79E), like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq9mjOpS5Ow), like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TM6qRl3dSME). I'm waiting for the counterpoints to this specific contention here and instead what I'm getting is, yeah let's talk about this other thing.
If they're *stockpiling* them, then they're not using them, which is tolerable. War between nuclear states is pretty much the worst possible case scenario. There is no military option. There are multiple diplomatic options available, but Trump has publicly told his own Secretary of State [not to bother.](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-trump/trump-to-top-u-s-diplomat-dont-bother-talking-to-north-korea-idUSKCN1C61J0) &gt; “I told Rex Tillerson, our wonderful secretary of state, that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man,” Trump wrote on Twitter, using his sarcastic nickname for Kim and seeming to contradict the top U.S. diplomat.
What the fuck. Is that supposed to be a Jon McNaughton parody?
LOL. Just....LOL. Here we go, 2018! Ready or not!
I doubt they'll bother to censure her. It might not even pass, which would make Grassley look even more ridiculous.
That's interesting, since it's believed the Russians were fanning the flames in Catalonia. What a tangled web we weave, &amp;c.
Linesman, two minutes, interference
PING
This is why we can't have nice things
Love Thompson not taking any shit from these guys
Martin Brodeur, call your office
80 grade post flair
&gt; Are you going to resist autonomous cars just because someone will lose their job? In the absence of UBI, absolutely.
There'd be at least 10 or 20 fired cashiers for every maintenance jop that opened up. Maybe a lot more than that. It'll drive down wages in all sorts of job markets unrelated to the fast-food business.
Don't come in to this thread and prattle about *values*. Your modern Republican party: do as we say, not as we do.
You get nothing. You lose. Good *day*, sir.
This is what I was going to say. Healthy Allen Craig was a fucking beast. At least we'll always have [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwtwdqYoqP0).
He's retiring. Romney's apparently going to run for his seat.
[Obligatory](https://www.theonion.com/why-do-all-these-homosexuals-keep-sucking-my-cock-1819584210)
Formal censure by Congress seems like it could be a realistic possibility. It gives the GOP a way to distance themselves from Trump, and establishes a precedent. It still doesn't mean much of anything by itself, but getting Congress to actually pass it would be significant. A lot of House members in swing districts might appreciate the opportunity. Trump needs a shot across the bow of some sort.
And the Salvadorans are deported
You only get one shot at it, and you have to be sure that you don't screw it up. They don't want to repeat Gingrich's mistake.
And your stomach pumped
The SOTU Response is always a tough gig, no matter who draws it. They might be fighting for the chance to give it this year though.
It's exactly how shameless George W. Bush fanboys behaved between 9/11 and Katrina. The God-Emperor can do no wrong, not even theoretically. Everyone who disagrees ~~hates America and wants the terrists to win~~ is fake news.
Yeah, that statement needs some context.
&gt; the bad guys. Oh my god. This again. The US did not rebuild the entire international order and support the reconstruction of Europe and Japan solely out of the goodness of our hearts. We did it because it's *in our self-interest.* Keeping peace between the great powers is good for business. Preventing the rise of another totalitarian government in Europe bent on dominating its neighbors through violence is a means to an end, which is making sure nobody gets strong enough to threaten the US. We are not doing Norway a favor by propping up NATO, we are doing ourselves a favor. And I don't even want to get into all the ways in which the US has clearly *not* been "the good guys," such as [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_Iranian_coup_d%27%C3%A9tat), [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bay_of_Pigs_Invasion), [this](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gulf_of_Tonkin_incident), or [this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/12/Powell-anthrax-vial.jpg).
I reckon "megachurch" has a different meaning in a country four times the size of the U.S. where Christians are a tiny minority. I don't know anything about the activities or specific ideology/theology of this church, but regardless, it still seems odd (not to mention excessive) to just demolish an entire building because you don't like the organization. Not for the first time, even as an atheist, I appreciate the wisdom of the First Amendment. A proper government doesn't have any business doing something like this.
Yeah, he's angry that Trump refuses to learn Republican obfuscatory jargon. All that Lee Atwater stuff that the Bush/Rove wing of the party has raised to an art form: &gt; You start out in 1954 by saying, “Nigger, nigger, nigger.” By 1968 you can't say “nigger” — that hurts you. Backfires. So you say stuff like forced busing, states' rights and all that stuff. You're getting so abstract now [that] you're talking about cutting taxes, and all these things you're talking about are totally economic things and a byproduct of them is [that] blacks get hurt worse than whites. And subconsciously maybe that is part of it. I'm not saying that. But I'm saying that if it is getting that abstract, and that coded, that we are doing away with the racial problem one way or the other. You follow me — because obviously sitting around saying, “We want to cut this,” is much more abstract than even the busing thing, and a hell of a lot more abstract than “Nigger, nigger.” And the attacks on the press....I mean, where the fuck has Jeff Flake *been* for the last fifty years? One of the most important tropes of rightist rhetoric has been that the media are all Democrats openly working to fight Republicans and their priorities. It wasn't Trump that assaulted that reporter in Montana. The right has been trying to clamp down on the media for years and years, you only object *now*?
&gt; The Democrat Party-- *[bzzt]* Leaving the final syllable off of "Democratic" means that it's safe to tune you out. If you want me to even listen to anything you have to say, don't parrot these mindless little things that your betters have instructed you to do. Nobody who isn't a right wing news junkie does that. It gives you away immediately as someone who doesn't have anything interesting to say.
Segregation within and between neighborhoods in cities is a problem, yes. It's a little more visually obvious than out in the sticks because of the population density. All you have to do is look at a demographic map of Alabama or Mississippi and you'll see segregation writ large in the country, however. Racism is present everywhere, urban, suburban, rural. There's no escaping it.
&gt; These are all facts. None are lies. Your entire line of argument is an egregious lie of omission. It is wholly disingenuous to claim that all you've done is to state facts. You haven't stated *all* of the facts. You are choosing which facts you want to emphasize, while pretending that you don't know about others that contradict your thesis. This is the definition of arguing in bad faith. And now that you've brought up Robert Byrd, I'm sure somebody out there has gotten Party Of Lincoln Bingo. That was pretty much the only thing you'd left out so far. I was actually kind of surprised for a while....but in the end, you didn't let us down. ^(Can you tell that maybe, just maybe, I've had this *exact* conversation with other, equally dishonest people before?)
Jose Martinez was born to DH
https://media.giphy.com/media/94EQmVHkveNck/giphy.gif
The statue they build of him is going to have a shit-eating grin
The motherfucker picked a guy off third this past season *on a walk*. I mean, come on.
Yeah, it's deafness, as opposed to silence. The transmission is being made, there's just nobody listening.
"My father's not racist, he's just a greedy sybarite who dives into a swimming pool full of money like Scrooge McDuck"
People used to think Karl Rove was this mastermind. He wasn't. Megyn Kelly destroyed him on election night 2012 with the "is this just math you do as a Republican to make you feel better" line, so it's funny to think about in hindsight. But for a solid 12 years (maybe longer, since Rove was with Bush in Texas state politics), people really thought Rove was an unstoppable genius, pulling strings, wondering if every reversal or bit of incidental news was somehow a secret machination that would ultimately redound to the benefit of Bushco in the end. It wasn't. Rove was just a strategist, in the end. And yet Rove is much smarter than Bannon. Until I see some evidence otherwise, I assume that Bannon is winging it like everybody else in Trumpworld. Only somebody in way over their head like Trump would've hired him in the first place.
[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1lJ3tfQFpc) is the quip, but [this much longer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TwuR0jCavk) gives you the context. Basically Rove refused to believe it when the networks (including Fox) called OH for Obama, which essentially clinched his re-election. Rove filibustered, Kelly actually marched down to the Fox numbers room with a camera crew and interviewed one of them, and they stood by the decision, and then later they brought that guy out to the broadcast studio and let him argue with Rove some more. Rove looked ridiculous and in denial. It took Rove 12 or however many years to look that silly, but Bannon didn't even really last much more than a year or so in national politics.
Needless cruelty. Guy hasn't lived in Mexico since he was 10. I can't even imagine.
Local Fox affiliates and Fox News are separate. Rupert Murdoch doesn't dictate what local TV stations cover.
This is a perfect example of why people think Dept of Player Safety is a fucking joke. He should have had three or four games for this. What bullshit.
Yeah, I'm sick of broadcasters talking about fifty things that aren't the game. National broadcasts are the worst, but even locals will do it eventually. Just shut up occasionally. It's not radio, where a few seconds of dead air can cause people flipping channels to skip right past the game.
Mr. One Before Trout himself
At this rate, the Royals are going to re-sign all of their FAs at ridiculous discount prices the week before Opening Day
&gt; Sometimes the people get it wrong. The Brexit vote is a perfect case in point. It's also why Senate terms are six years long. Every two years, the House can do a 180; the Senate responds to changes in the mood of the electorate very slowly.
Thanks, Captain Obvious. What are you planning to do about it?
I can absolutely believe that he was in severe pain and just overdid it. Fentanyl is an enormously powerful drug, and he had other painkillers in his system on top of the fentanyl. Unless he left a note, there's no reason to think that it was deliberate. I knew a junkie once upon a time who had managed to get a time-release fentanyl patch from somewhere. He and a roommate sliced it open and split the liquid on the inside. Once they'd finished puking their brains out, they were basically comatose for two or three days. They were probably lucky it didn't kill them.
The Ayes have it, but the Nays carry the Electoral College anyway ^(too soon, I know, I know....)
Procedural move. If he votes no, he's allowed to re-introduce the bill later.
I said *enough* white voters. There are plenty of conservative voters in California, land of Nixon and Reagan. Meanwhile fucking Joe Arpaio is going to run for Senate. Take Iowa and Wisconsin, fine; we're in the process of flipping Arizona and Texas. Oh, and Florida has lots of recently displaced Puerto Ricans. Regardless, the only reason any of this is happening is because Trump torpedoed the deal that Durbin and Graham etc had worked out (that was the "shithole" meeting). If the Republicans wanted to, they could pass a clean CR that doesn't include these issues tomorrow. But they won't, because they want to use this chaos to force the Democrats to make concessions. [McConnell's tweet](https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr/status/954409393507876864) makes that plain.
It's weird how this is almost exactly a year after the team visibly quit on Hitchcock. Firing Yeo doesn't seem to make any sense. I turned off the game when it was 5-0, so maybe they found something in the second half of the game, but they have no forecheck. They aren't sustaining any offensive pressure like they were at the beginning of the season. It's like opposing coaches have figured out something about Yeo's system and Yeo hasn't adjusted in any way that I can see. It's nice to think that Schwartz's return will fix something and suddenly the forwards will start being able to maintain o-zone possession, but I worry that's just wishful thinking.
I expect the worst out of people like Perkins. Even with that said however, the magnitude of the hypocrisy coming from evangelical leaders like this regarding Trump is astounding. Trump could have a daily show on Fox where he bangs hookers, murders a homeless person, and shits in a church pew and they wouldn't bat an eye, as long as they get Roe v. Wade overturned. They just outright refuse to see Trump for what he is.
[Obligatory](https://imgur.com/gallery/bCqRp)
Best Uncles In Baseball
It's just Calvinball. The rules change depending on whether a Republican is the accused or the accuser.
I'm not going to take this one to the right-hand margin. But I think it's important that the counterpoints to obvious bullshit need to be stated firmly when the propaganda is getting flung around. Whether that persuades OP isn't really the point; it's for the people who are reading that may be on the fence or are confused. Or for people I agree with that just need some ammunition to fight back against their dumbass uncle or that one co-worker that really likes Hannity. Sometimes the volume of the pushback is what matters.
You must be trying to miss the point on purpose. +15 over Clinton's 2016 performance is significant, regardless of whether you acknowledge it.
I get serious Uncanny Valley vibes from that dude.
What was going to change in two weeks? The whip count in the House wouldn't have budged at all, and you might have actually lost Democratic votes in the Senate. And Trump still has to sign whatever gets hammered out in Congress anyway. We're fucked coming and going.
ricflair.gif
Yeah, it's an 80+/- minute record and it should have been closer to 60. Also, the production is deliberately darker and "earthier," instead of the very precise and clear production on Fragile &amp; Close To The Edge. Despite the reputation, it's still a very good album. People who are new to Yes should listen to it after they've gotten through some of the other stuff and are still hungry for more however.
I *did* know that. I think that law was a terrible mistake. However, written right into the bill was the ability for the President to postpone the law coming into effect for six months, which has been going on (under Presidents from both parties) for 20+ years. So when Trump *changed* long-standing policy to allow the law to take effect, it had the *very predictable consequence* of pissing off the Palestinians. And every other Arab country, I might add. For what gain, exactly? Saving some money? Whoopty-fuckin-do. I don't know what the exact number is, but it's a drop in the bucket compared to a $3+T budget. As far as "getting our moneys with [sic]", it's not the kind of investment whose return can be measured in dollars.
Hold on to yer butts
The Royals couldn't afford that? I'm surprised
Sneaky wrister from Sobotka
Schwartz comes back, Blues score a power play goal. Can't explain that
Well that was a fun period
Big push by the Avs here. Lot more end-to-end so far in this period
FFS, two perfectly good chances to clear and can't get it out, and then they get one on a deflection. Figures
Ah yes, Phyllis Schlafly, who made a career out of telling women they shouldn't have careers.
And then we lost Perron to Vegas in the expansion draft.
"Lost"
Castro and Mugabe held on as long as they possibly could, I don't see why Putin would be any different. Especially given the macho image he cultivates, I doubt he's interested in relinquishing power as long as he's able to fog up a mirror.
A better question would be to ask how much of what the Black Panthers wanted was achieved in the end anyway. Sometimes, it's easier to co-opt a dissident group than it is to fight them. The recent court victory for the Bundyites demonstrates that there's no sense in "oppressing" fringe dissidents anyway.
TIL Senator Burr is a Democrat
&gt; I don't know if any of us knew that this administration would be this much of a shit show Speak for yourself. A lot of this dumbness and mendacity was definitely foreseen
At a minimum, it would mean that Gorsuch wasn't on the Supreme Court. Stop overthinking things.
Ross Perot managed it. It isn't impossible. The biggest issue with all independents and third-partiers is they have no base of institutional support. They need sympathetic people like Sanders himself in the Senate. They need allies. Reps, Governors, state legislators, etc. People like Ralph Nader think they're going to change things by running for President when their actual base of support is vanishingly small. *Even if* by some miracle, a Nader-type managed to get elected, they would get pushed around by the majority party in Congress.
It makes him look like an opportunist. He wants the benefits of being part of a team without having to do teamwork. This is politics, symbolic things like labels are important. You can't just bounce around from cycle to cycle as it's convenient.
People said things very similar to what you did after 2000 *and* 2004. They were clearly just as wrong as you are now. As for Gorsuch, this is very simple. He wouldn't have been nominated in the first place. Now, we might never have filled that vacancy, but a continued vacancy is infinitely better than Gorsuch getting a lifetime appointment to the highest court in the country. And we wouldn't have these cretins like DeVos and Mulvaney ruining entire agencies. We'd have a Secretary of State who was an actual diplomat. Losing elections doesn't make you stronger in the long run. The end.
That's not even the dumbest thing he's going to do this week, although it might be the tackiest
That was the reason I brought up Perot: even with his $$$, he never got more than a fifth or so of the electorate behind him. Third-party Presidential runs lacking a broader base of support are doomed to be bugs on a windshield. And the reasons why are much bigger than debate access. *Even if* a third-party candidate wins the Presidency by some miracle, it's not going to cause some sort of long-term, wide-ranging "revolution" because that by itself won't have changed a damn thing in Congress. Once that individual is term limited out, it's status quo ante. &gt; Running as a Democrat gets you ballot access in every state and gets you on the debate stage. That's true, but it also gets you a hell of a lot more than that. It gets you money, it gives you organizing, it gives you allies in Congress to implement an agenda, and it gives you media surrogates to go to bat for you. The whole point that I'm trying to make is that a genuine third-party movement *requires* electoral successes outside of the Presidential race *before* they can make a better stab at it than Perot did. It's pointless to merely prop up a vanity candidate every four years while being totally dissociated from the entire rest of the political process in between. Look at what the Libertarian Party is doing vs. the Greens; one of them is getting candidates elected to small-bore positions, like mayor and school board and city council. One of them isn't. This was one thing I was looking at on the general ballot from 2016. The Libertarians at least had a sacrificial lamb in damn near every race on the ballot in Missouri. From Governor all the way down to every State Rep spot from East Podunk. The Greens had a couple candidates for the topline races, like Governor and AG, and that was about it. They didn't bother to nominate anybody for hundreds of races. It'll take more than one cycle for this work to pay off, maybe more than a decade. But at the end of that decade, who will have more national influence? *That's* what I'm talking about. Access to the presidential debate doesn't mean shit in terms of long-term change.
The total damage to PR is estimated at around $90B, so the idea that it would take a trillion or *tens* of trillions is a gross overestimate by several orders of magnitude.
&gt; the immediate reaction by the masses is an emotional one If you can look at [this image](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/Puerto_Rico_at_night_before_and_after_Hurricane_Maria.jpg) without an emotional response of some sort, there's something deeply fucking wrong with you. &gt; It doesn't change the fact that this happens quite frequently from a natural disaster standpoint Get your facts straight. Last time PR was hit by a Cat 5 was 1928. PR can handle hurricanes, up to a point, but the scale doesn't go any higher than Cat 5. Buildings in Southern California are built to pretty rigid standards, but if they get a 9.0+, the best engineering in the world is going to fail. Anyway, everyone within 100 miles of the coast from Texas to Maine is at risk from hurricanes. There's nowhere on the continent that's 100% safe from natural disasters. Jesus, most of New York City is at sea level. You saw how bad Sandy was in 2012, and that wasn't even a proper hurricane at landfall. Tornadoes are a risk to everything east of Denver. &gt; Yes I realize things like power is outside the control of an individual citizen and need to be addressed No shit? &gt; because you don't want to pay for insurance What does personal insurance have to do with infrastructure? Their *whole power grid* was destroyed. &gt; But you're right, it's the white man's fault. I mean, I'm not sure what else you think the money's better spent on. Tax cuts for the high &amp; dry, I suppose?
*Orange-out
And we're going to get a nice big fat dose of that same wankery here in MO. Unless we can convince Trump to give Greitens some kind of bullshit made-up job, like Secretary of I Am Very Badass.
&gt; If Nixon had resigned last year, he would have been invited to make a funny cameo at the Grammys. Pretty much.
The magic of universal translators. Obviously it cuts through some boring crap that gets in the way of a good narrative, but (especially in first contact scenarios) it just feels like handwaving most of the time. Aliens should be *alien* and not basically a quirky human NPC with a costume on. Andromeda Strain is one of my favorite treatments of the subject of alien life, because they look right at it several times and don't realize what it is. In fact, they're still learning about it all the way through the end of the story. Another one that bugs me is all the Dominions and Alliances and Federations. It's hard to avoid cliches all the time, but ET politics should have a *little* more variety. Also, redshirts and cannon fodder with no real narrative function other than to rack up the kill-count for the hero. And the scary badass stormtroopers that can't ever hit anything. That was one of the things that made Rogue One so terrific; the stormtroopers can actually fucking *aim* for once. [Defeat in detail](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defeat_in_detail) is a cliche in just about every corny martial arts movie. Instead of swarming Van Damme or whoever all at once, a dozen bad guys all line up and get their ass kicked one on one. As for things I like....gotta say that few things are more entertaining than humans brawling with xenos with their bare hands. I feel kind of ridiculous saying that but I can't help it. Few things define the spirit of HFY quite like a xeno taking it on the chin (or chin-analog anyway). Independence Day was a terrible, terrible movie, but the scene where Will Smith slugs the alien pilot almost made the whole thing worth it. It's a tricky balance narratively, however. An opponent isn't scary if you know you can rout them without breaking a sweat. And having the ability to inflict that kind of overwhelming violence should lead to some sort of moral conundrum, unless you're trying to paint the human character as a sociopath. Xenos recoiling in horror at humans getting drunk or whatever is fun too. Caspaicin is such a cliche that it's got its own wiki entry, but it really is one of the things that sets us apart right here on Earth IRL.
I like the convention of translating those things into readable human units and then putting them in square brackets.
Yep. He's basically never around people that aren't kissing his ass 24/7. Having half of the people in a room not bothering to hide their contempt for him while he's under pressure and the whole world is watching sounds like the worst thing they can do to him.
&gt; unless you adopt an opinionated view of Adam Schiff? Heaven forfend....
Same shit, different toilet
He lied about getting a blowjob. Context matters. He was censured and disbarred. Meanwhile, Gingrich, Hyde, and Livingston were all in the middle of affairs of their own, and Denny Hastert was paying hush money to a student he'd molested in the 70s. What do you think would happen if we got Trump under oath and asked him about Stormy Daniels, anyway?
LOL. Just....what the fuck, come on man. This is a fucking farce.
The United States is under an F5 Watch. Conditions are favorable for WTF and OMG in the next 24 to 72 hours. If an F5 Warning is issued, make a new bowl of popcorn and move to a comfortable location in your home. If traveling, pull over to the side of the road. Preparations for acquiring additional popcorn supplies should be rushed to completion.
Ball 3 to Pham was more in the zone than strike 2 was. Wewlad
Sexy bunt
Flaherty at 84 pitches thru 4 innings, #9 spot leads off bottom 4th. This is the exact same thing that happened yesterday with Reyes, so it wouldn't be that surprising if he's lifted here edit: welp, they left him in
In Mo We Trust
Wonder what effect this might have on the Dominion/Celzi war.
All of that makes a lot of sense. I can also appreciate not having included a few anonymous redshirts getting blown away just for the sake of putting a number in the good guys' casualty column.
Great read, as always. He's done it again. Definitely getting a quasi-Pearl Harbor vibe to this, where the attack is a tactical success but strategically inconclusive. The enemy's still in the fight, at least for the moment. The Hunters are going to lash out. Whether they have sufficient remaining infrastructure to continue supporting large-scale operations in the long term, I don't know. Individual Hunter raiding parties might do fine with Napoleon-style fighting (in other words, living off the land as they go), but I don't see how they could maintain the whole Swarm-of-Swarms in one place for long that way. Speaking of the S-o-S itself, I'm curious about their capability to emergency-scramble the entire force from a standing start. They have a finite amount of time (three hours?) to get a massive number of bodies to battle stations and launched. It'd be kind of like an aircraft carrier trying to scramble its entire complement of ~100 planes while the ship is sinking or something. There'd be a massive traffic jam at whatever internal chokepoints exist. And at some point, the infrastructure damage will start interfering with continuing to launch ships (power outage? fire? king-shit EM pulse? decompression taking critical machinery offline?). I wouldn't expect the Hunters to be real diligent about about something like keeping up-to-date contingency plans and procedures for abandoning the Hive. On top of all *that*, then there's whatever confusion accompanies the palace coup. I guess the telepathy thing helps with command &amp; control, but still. What if there's even a brief schism between the Hunters and the Builders? Let alone the outbreak of a full-scale civil war while the Hive and its military infrastructure is literally falling out of the sky. And then there's whatever impact these events will have on the Hunters' reserves of, uh, livestock. An army marches on its stomach, and all that. So the Swarm is probably going to be diminished at least somewhat, the only question is how much. That makes me wonder if the Builder Alpha is capable of attempting to come to the negotiating table and lead the ~~Hunters~~ post-Igraens (?) into something like a truce with galactic society, because they're losing a mind-boggling amount of resources, no matter what else happens. Unless they've got more of these Hives somewhere else, I suppose.... TL,DR: Can't wait til the next chapter :D
Didi stolen base hells yeah
Mikolas switched his shoes out in the bottom half of the inning. Started the game wearing hightops and now he isn't
His glove is the only reason he's even still in the majors
One of those games
That and 1988 are the only times the GOP has cleared the 50% mark in the last eight presidential elections.
*Why didn't you eliminate him, Albert?*
I noticed that Simmons went way wide on that play, which is how they used to teach middle infielders to make the turn. Odor followed him and got him anyway.
More like Matt Cooke or somebody like that. He's just a goon. Marchand is a legit talent who is also an asshole. Or maybe Emelin is a better comparison, cause he's only good at one thing (homers/hits). At least Odor will actually fight though....
Forget it, he's rolling
I'm so glad Beltran isn't on this list anymore, even if it wasn't with us
Typical Matheny move. Let the pitcher bat and then take him out for the top of the inning. I'm all in on Team Fuck The DH but come *on*.
I hate that shit. I've had some insane swings in offense like that this year. One week I'm 1st or 2nd in the league in everything, the next week everybody but Machado is swinging with the wrong end of the bat.
Dude's hitting .215/.261/.318. I wouldn't even bother to hit him. Why give him a free base when he makes so many outs?
Cards fan here, I rage-dropped Vazquez for Vizcaino last night. That game where he gave up the walk-off to Munoz was the last straw
LOL Kolten Wong. What the fuck even is baseball
It's exactly what they're arguing. What's scary is that I have no confidence that the Republican party will object.
Man, I was this close to benching Carrasco today. Glad I didn't edit: I don't know whether I'm more scared of Carrasco being left in too long or the Indians' bullpen....
I've had him off and on over the years and he's always like this. Gets shit on for 2-3 starts and then remembers how good he is and gets back to crushing bats. He'd be a proper ace if he could ever find any consistency from month to month
Depends on what categories you're chasing. If you're worried about ratios, I'd avoid him.
Still counts. If he had a chinstrap he'd have been safe
Skinny rosters makes it a lot less deep than it sounds. Constant add/drops, minimal trading, unlimited transactions.
