After Bungie spent basically 7 months doing nothing in crucible but randomly cycling IBs I think it's ok for PvP to get a little bit of a focus for once. Plus, it's a Bungie game. If you didn't think PvP would be pertinent that's a pretty big consumer error.
Still not better than my Truth that shoots kittens. Story topping is cool!!!!!
Wait, so there's a PvE mode where you can do incredibly well and then get absolutely jack shit? And now PvP might actually reward you for completing a round as opposed to just showing up? I just want to make sure I understand that you are pissed off because you actually have to experience what PvP players got shafted with since Day 1. Right now, PvE is getting to play just the tip with Bungie, but PvP players have had it jammed up their anus's since the game dropped. How about instead of complaining that they didn't add more to where 95% of the game is, we think about the fact that it's a positive they shored up the other 5%? I know that's expecting a bit much, so feel free to return to that whine and cheese.
Awesome, thank you! I have to admit, i was pretty certain there was something else but knew it was a pretty irrelevant material.
In continuing kind of with JBurd, just jump on in to the raids. Seriously, if anyone gets all pissy and angsty because you "let them down" they probably need to take a break from the game. With that in mind, a huge reason that people keep around this game is because of the community and the fact that 99% of players seem to remember we were all new once. When you're ready to jump into a raid (give yourself 1-1.5 hours for a fresh run; 20odd minutes if you're just doing the end) post on an LFG site and be honest that you're a newbie. You probably won't see a difference in how quickly you get a reply, but this way you're likely to get someone who is looking to help someone learn the mechanics or the raid itself. let the team know you're not talkative but will listen; and then just be polite and reply when necessary. Source: Was sherpa-ing for a while until I took a break from the game.
Given I didn't see this thread until after the edits, I can now only support this idea if they show up in said Winnebagos. I do like the idea of the Bungie's flea market every now and then; maybe a bi/monthly type of deal.
Posts like this are exactly the kind of thing that someone trying to "act cool on social media" would vomit when they don't have anything to contribute. Pissing on other people's cereal doesn't make you cool, it just makes you an asshole.
I just want a Mawg shader now so I too can be my own best friend.
You're misunderstanding the point. The concept the OP is trying to get across is that, while controlling the points is important, so is your overall KD. Lots of newbies to Destiny PvP try and play it like you can with CoD, where you can play towards the objective only and win. Your opponents can all have 100:1 KDs but it doesn't mean shit if you somehow plant the bomb and they don't diffuse it. But control? You run and run, dying and just trying to get into the control point; that's a huge effing deal. Sure, the other team may get less points per kill, but you're giving them a ton of free ones. Also, did you even read this paragraph? Like, at all? Because right now it looks like you were too lazy to even put forth a modicum of effort before calling the OP an idiot. **Its important to capture points, but its more important to kill the opponent first. I see too many people so obsessed with capping that they sacrifice themselves for it, and most times its a fruitless endeavor. Dont solo cap if they are rushing your position, those capture points are not strategic offensive locations, most have a variety of angles to assault to kill someone in that zone. Find an advantageous position, eliminate the threat, and attempt to recapture then.** Tl;dr Critical reading needs to be taught in school again.
That's some more great advice for solo players! If you can't communicate, it's definitely better to try and stay at least somewhat together so you can better help the team and they can help cover you. That being said....sometimes you just gotta Leroy Jenkins the shit out of them :)
I think for most people who are used to Destiny PvP it is pretty obvious; but there's a lot of people like my old roommate who play respawn based objectives in other shooters and there your KD usually doesn't matter; only whether or not you did what the game types name is.
That guy must be in a different crucible than we are, because if it's not a Thorn going up my pooter, it's Hawkmoon.
Ahhh, the gold ol' Shornmoon. Gonna have to get quite a lot of Vanguard missives for that one. I'm really loathing the special ammo change more and more in crucible as I'm a filthy shotgunner....but it gets much harder when special ammo is nowhere to be found :(
Earlier I was bitching and moaning about how much I was getting killed by Thorn, and felt like I needed to nut up. Then I looked at the kill feed, and didn't see a non-pistol kill (aside from melee and heavy) during the period I was observing. It's getting fucking ridiculous, I'm so tired of green bullets and feeling like my screen was part of a hive bukkake vid.
Notice it's not just for leaving once, it's for setting a pattern of repeatedly bailing on your games. It's really not that severe of a "punishment" either. You don't want work a little for your wins? Then you don't get to coast on by to the rewards or ruin other people trying to get matches in. If you're going to puss out because it's too tough over and over again, you shouldn't even be wasting the server to get matched with. That seems pretty fair.
I was worried that this would end up affecting people like Megaman, but it looks like they specifically mention that as A-OK. Restrictions and bans that can't be overturned is good; it shows they feel a lot of confidence in the amount of recon they do.
"When everyone else is the problem, it's probably you" Advice too many people don't seem to learn. If only people would catch on that the faster you realize you suck, the faster you fail. And the faster you fail, the faster you learn what works.
I call Ol' Hickory, Andrew Jackson. Well, since I'm an exo I guess I'm Robo-Jackson
And the award for biggest cock on the internet goes too.....
Uh, does anyone actually reminisce about the loot cave that way? It wasn't some super social even where we all made grand groups and hung out to play dominoes and such; it was boring as shit. It was X number of guardians standing by a door and shooting a cave with some weapon. You either shot or stood around, and then at certain points people would run up to the cave to get ammo and pick up engrams. Keeping Skywatch populated thought, that was fun....if you had active people. About half the time you'd end up in the world where everyone just sat down between runs. But when it was on, it was awesome. Tl;dr Wolves in Skywatch was fun, loot cave was as fun as fapping with rusty nails.
In a lot of ways, the game is still much the same as when you quit- the majority of the DLCs was just extra end game stuff you could do; story was basically non existent and the activities were made to basically be done after vanilla destiny. My advice to you: go back to vanilla destiny and play through the story; then play through some Vault of Glass and PvP. If you would be happy "unlocking" another couple of cooperative events (mainly just Crota's End and Prison of Elders) and more PvP; then buy the DLCs. On the flip side, if you're not sure there's enough for you to do then hold off on the purchase for now. I bought the season pass and have been happy-ish with the DLCs. I don't feel like I got a lot, but I've also got hundreds upon hundreds of hours in this game and there's not much more I can ask for than that.
Maybe I'm just off here, but it seems like idle games aren't exactly what should be on the list if you're looking for something exciting or not a bore. There's also not a huge positive to the devs. All such a UI would do is make it easier to not pay attention to the game, which means less dollars coming back in. Maybe if it was a paid feature, it would make sense; but otherwise they've got to justify the real and opportunity costs of developing something that effectively promotes less attention to their product.
I wish you were an adult that could utilize correct punctuation and capitalization, but how should I phrase this? "Stop complaining go back to school?" If wishes were fishes we'd both be full.
"They have played less than you" Seems like a pretty generic statement as opposed to some backhanded insult. I know it's the internet, but not everyone is out to make fun of you.
The Taken King is Pythagoras and he is ready to fuck shit up.
Whether or not that exact scenario comes up is irrelevant. What's pertinent is that the two situations are completely different. But, if that's what you're hung up on feel free to change Takeda to any other hero and the level you want them to increase to into another number that you feel is feasible. Then, if you still can't see a distinction between this UI proposal and the existing ones, we can try another example.
Ignorance is bliss.
Ignorance is bliss.
Took us 5 tries to beat the nightfall tonight. 2 runs went down to the shriekers and one went to the architects (falling to our deaths, not bugs). Suffice to say, it was a depressing set of tries.
The general recommendation seems to be to use them for salvaging artifacts. The one item I bought with gems (the 200 gem sword) felt completely not worth it with the 2% damage boost it gave.
It never really bothered me until lately, but I'm starting to get more and more frustrated by the level system. I'm somewhat ok with not being a deity when I roll around in the Cosmodrome. I like that I don't insta-kill even the little guys, plus it at least keeps me awake when patrolling. Plus, areas like Skywatch can still be challenging for me as a level 34 guardian while not effectively locking out a zone for the kinderguardians who are taking their first stroll to the array. On the flip side, it's getting real goddamn annoying that my level is an ornamental piece of text above my name, while the computer's refers to how far it's going to jagged glass up inside my anus.
Seems pertinent.
My parents were killed by a rogue doorway when I was younger, so I do my damndest to avenge them. At least, that's what I tell myself.
Maybe you do if you're bad at math? That's the only justification I can think of.
Psssst.... 1. The strike was never level 28, it's always been 26. * That's not how level advantages work, at least not for players. * Just because you waited 1.5 weeks to complete that one step so your friends could get online and help doesn't make it the worst portion. The step that takes the longest to actually complete (from when you choose to start it), is more dependent on the variance of the game state and your team, and where you can obtain negative progress is probably slightly more worse. The PvE isn't a big deal, though perhaps that part shouldn't exist for people who need to be carried. Maybe the level 26 requirement was too much. I used an alt and got it done within about 40 minutes.
I prefer Super Good Advice's bounty if only because I learned that machine guns hate rocket launchers.
It's because they are stuck in the mentality of "If I'm not busted with it, it's ok", which is a *great* way to look at balancing. Hell, I read someone else's comment about how they aren't good with Thorn, so switch to Red Death and get more kills; therefore, we should keep Thorn as is. I'm fairly certain that the only people who think Thorn is ok are those who either don't play crucible more than 1 game a week, or have never played in banner or trials before. Otherwise, we're all tired of the green jizz covering our screens; even people busted with Thorn agree it's op.
I'd just like to see Dragon's Breath become a scorch cannon. That turns it from just janky to janky but fun.
Yo. At this point the only sub I've frequented is this one. Dallied a little in Binding of Isaac's, TIL's, and have posted in 1 or 2 others. By and far, it's all about DestriyTheGame
My post on destinylfg earlier: "LFXM. Don't need to be experienced. Do need to not be an asshat" Got 4 good people. They didn't get pissy when I got babooned a couple of times, and we performed better than most of the other groups I've been with. One guy got fatebringer, ice breaker (aka erotic shard), mythoclast and hawkmoon. To say he was happy is an understatement.
I keep trying to get skanks to drop them for me but it seems like the drop rate is pretty low. I can catch something blue or green (and sometimes purple) from them....but I'm really not so sure I want to &gt;.&lt; Edit: Grammar is tough with homonyms.
I'm pretty sure I'd rather go back to 2 tin cups and some string before I'd use Comcast again. If I wanted to pay a company to spit in my face, there's already a ton of different option out there. That being said, I've noticed some issues since moving, so I think I might need to try this fix with CenturyLink. Lordy knows they're about as high quality as Comcast is.
I'm pretty sure Halo is the epitome of Bungie exclusivity, as XBox players can at least still play Destiny.
Never played enough Gears to think of it offhand. However, the rest were pretty much always on my roommate's TV back in college
"Only some of the content"? Don't act like it's such a neutered version, you're missing a few strikes (that very few people actually play through) and a few items that RNGesus have to bless you to find. It's not like PS4 players get some magical extra world than Xbox players, it's just a minor amount of extra content. And you're right that they are two separate things. I'd also say that that having the option of playing 95% of a game (or not playing it at all) is still strictly better than not having an option to play it at all.
The fuck did I just read?
Ok, so now let's say that you go to the heavy ammo, and the box is empty all the time, but Alpha still gets 3 rockets. See what I'm getting at here? Wouldn't it feel better if you could at least get 1 rocket instead of always an empty box?
Thank god some of you do exist. Sure, the exclusives are neat-o....but the weapons are replaceable (hawkmoon -&gt;thorn, 4th horsey -&gt;invective, monte carlo -&gt;looking at them) and the strikes hardly get played it seems. However, it is a little unfortunate that Xur won't sell the exclusives.
I'm still waiting to see examples of how Playstation has gotten multitudes of exclusives from top tier franchises, because that's what Microsoft and Xbox have enjoyed. However, seems ol' Hades here has a higher prerogative on bitching how I'm wrong over presenting even the smallest basis of an argument.
From what I've read, it's only available through the collector's edition, which includes a physical copy of Destiny plus the DLC we've had come out so far. If you want only the new content (excluding stuff like shaders, +xp items, and emotes), you can get away with only buying the VIP version, which is like $40 less. So it kind of feels and seems like the only way to get the extras is to pay the extra dollars, and it's kinda lame for something that is basically just cosmetic.
Eh, I don't think it's that outrageous, but I'm also comparing it to CODs that seems to be about ~$115 a year after game plus DLC, year after year. With Destiny I payed $90, and will pay another $60ish depending on what the cost is for Taken King and friends. Don't get me wrong, I really feel like the content in the DLCs has been pretty low, and even our original content wasn't the most fleshed out. But, I've also put enough time in the game that I'm under 25cents and hour, and that seems like a pretty good amount of time that I've gotten out of my investment, so I can't be too ornery.
I don't think too many of those long-time players are going to care about class items with +xp bonuses.
Saw someone running around on top of the vaults a few days ago and was wondering how they got up there...good to know the secret!
As someone who was already considering deleting my alt 'lock and making a Titan, I might have to unload so synths at the same time
Because why read complaints in one thread when we can have an entire front page covered in the same mentality =/
That's the best way to look at it, imo, for someone in your shoes (or in mine). I bought my PS4 in January of 14. Beat AC4 and Infamous Second Son. Owned Watchdogs but couldn't get behind it enough to complete more than about 4 hours worth of BS. Everything else I'be been playing has been a free PS Plus game... ....except Destiny. Don't get me wrong, I am in the minority for Day 1 players with only about 15 days worth of time on my account. But 15 days for 90 bucks? Hell, I'm at about 25 cents an hour on Destiny, which is a hell of a lot better than all of the other games that I've played on this system. Sure, I wish there was more content (who doesn't always want more), but doggonit, I've more than gotten my money's worth. I will be buying TTK and the associated DLCs. I'll do it as the bundle, and I'll be happy about it. Even if I put just another 24 hours into the game, I'll still feel like overall, I've gotten my money's worth.
Sounds like the story will make about as much sense if you play the levels as if you don't :)
I think this is the textbook example of the difference between speaking English and speaking it coherently :)
Of everyone that I game with on Destiny, only 1 person was a Day 1er like myself; others came along with later DLCs or just because they finally jumped on the train. I really think taking the break by getting distracted is what keeps the game fun. I got hooked on Binding of Isaac and would do tons of runs a day for a while, but now I'm weaned off. I'm back to enjoying 0-3 hours of Destiny per day, doing random shit that I want to do or getting blazed and driving around in my sparrow. That type of casual play is what is getting more and more people interested in the game; now that it's becoming less and less of a grindfest I think we'll see more people joining in.
I thought we were supposed to upvote posts that people say are going to get them downvoted! Man, I'm so confused with how this karma stuff works
I realized it was fucking stupid to not do raids if there was another exotic I was looking for, so I started doing Vault again. Gjally dropped on the first return.
It's not PoE hate, it's general reddit hate-circlejerks. It's a guarantee that we have to be browbeaten with the same complaints over and over and over again because people can never admit that they even could be content with something. Bungie could give us a patch that offered unlimited vault space and every exotic to all guardians and reddit would be filled with: 1% "Thanks Bungie" and 99% "Fuck you Bungie I had to grind for my gear and dismantle stuff back in my day".
Bastion. We used to get it in the regular map rotation but it (along with First Light) was removed from the playlist.
That's what my first bit with warframe was like... "I can't take that! What if you need that mode/fusion core/whatever" "Ummm, dude you're dumb" " :( "
It's been a while since I played Warframe, but I keep hoping that we'll get something like Defend or Survival in Destiny. Something tells me I shouldn't hold my breath :(
"If I didn't know what he meant" Umm, haven't we seen by now that you didn't? Seems like that statement was a bit irrelevant....
Did you really just say the majority of the player base goes flawless on at least one character?
You're just not thinking selfishly enough. (When I get the CE, Vanilla + DLCs are going to my best bud to get him into the game)
Did you even think before you typed?
You used italics! DOWNVOTE AND COMPLAIN! REVERSE DIRECTION! DOWNVOTE AND COMPLAIN AGAIN!
Given you posted the same dumbass comment twice, I thought you'd be a bigger fan of farming.
I agree. Unless we're living in Magical Christmasland where people go flawless and then jump back in to just lose over and over again to push others into the Lighthouse. Maybe that is what happens....but I feel like it isn't. And it does seems like the majority of pissiness over the change is because going 9-0 might require, well, going 9-0 in the future and not just 7-0. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to make PVP less engaging. Hell, the more people that play it the happier I am. But this feels like a patch to make it function more like how they wanted, like the older patches on the Vault. Bungie wants us to fight the Templar, and they want us to have to go through the wringer to earn the rewards at the end of the tunnel. Maybe Bungie just needs to make a game mode where you just sit down in an empty room and the game just shits out rewards.
That am correct. Well, it was patched first at least, I don't know which was discovered first.
I never taken the Frontier shell off. My ghost is a rugged ghost!
You need other guardians who have 100+ clears to be OK in HM VOG? The problem isn't your teammates buddy....
Yea, because that was soooooo relevant to what the post was about.
Outside of a few instances, I was pretty much lag free the entire time. Just ground my hunter from 0-5, warlock from 4-5, and titan from 2-5 and only recall 2 people lagging (and they were dropped from the game almost immediately). I also got at least 3 kills per bladedance activation with only 1 times that hit detection missed for me, so I've got both sets of luck :)
Cap the third point and start flipping spawns instead of holding two? Sounds pretty not so smart. Edit: I had the word "holding" misspelled for 14 hours in this post and no one called me out on it? For shame internet :)
It feels a lot like Halo, Gears of War, and Fable did.
If you are rank 5 with each then it is probably justbdelayed rewards from your rank 5 package. My hunter and titan both got armor pieces that didnt show until I went to orbit. Warlock got a 310 handcannon that Saladin gave me right away.
The shooter elements are awesome; really everything about the gameplay is great. However, it does feel like the game could be deeper, or at least a little more immersive in the lore (in game grimoire, more cutscenes, etc). Because there is what feels to be a lack of content, there is a lot of critique that Bungie made a hyper addictive game and made it grindy as shit to hide those shortfalls. I personally dont believe that; I believe them hiring things like behavior scientists and such is industry practice. But that is another tangent. All in all, the general consensus is the game is fun as shit to play and wish there was more to do.
&gt;So if everyone who does an activity gets it..thennn it wont really be exclusive right? It doesnt all have to be a dick measuring contest
Because playing the game is boring, but talking about how boring it is makes you cool.
Knuckle is ok, but pretty much find myself using the exotics that boost an ability more; though Skyburner's Annex is amazing should you get it. If you're ps4, feel free to add me, same name as reddit.
I'm assuming he meant the final perk on Fist of Havok; like quiver/vanish/fireborn.
Yea i like the list of reasons for why someone isba scrub and it is basically only becausr youre a piece of shit. I play like a scrub because I stupidly just want to have fun with this game. But OP can say its only because I want to troll or suck shit or whatever.
Whats next, getting everyone to agree water is wet? Or do you honestly think there are people out there who would actually be unhappy should 60fps be the norm?
And what about crucible bubble train? Because they are always just charging each other and always popping large orbs....
Could have sworn they were large but you are a waaaay better source than I am; defender probably has close to 20 minutes of playtime total. Thank you for correcting me :)
Garlow112. Do have exp but this will be the first time for my titan
Garlow112. Warlock has completed but this would be the first time through for my titan. Know what to do and dont really care how long it takes as long as people dont get pissy
Neato.
Are you drunk?
Seems like a neat group, just sent my request. Normally play in the early AM (5-8ish EST), but get on at a reasonable time on my days off Edit: Should note I have 3 toons all in the mid 300's; am a Day 1 player, and am casual in my progression. I enjoy knowing the raids and helping out in all content; but Im not the kind of player who has to do HM raid and Trials and NF all x3 weekly. Can and will, but equally as open to play crucible all those hours too.
Garlow112. 307 lock. Beaten nm a few tomes but trying to complete hm and learn the mechanics
Havent beaten hm yet, but have completed nm a couple of times. 306/307 warlock
Would you accept a 308 'lock? Been through Golg on hm but no further
Oryx challenge ended about 15 minutes ago unfortunately.
1 spot remaining.
This is the same conclusion I have come to as well. I really think they are expecting players to grab helium casually on the moon, not grinding the shit out of it. But the problem is that no one wants to wait for their new toy, so we spend hours waiting for warsats and running for soliton flares.
&gt;The gaze holder stands on the boxes on the left drops the orb and then takes Golgoroths gaze.
Agreed. I think more people need to use that friend button. I've run into some great players so I add em and usually get at least one more game together.
Have a 308 lock, haven't done any hm this week so drops could move me to 310 by the and. Have gone through goofy nd know the challenge. Psn Garlow112 if you need the 6th and I work out
Garlow112 308 lock
Garlow112. 308 warlock but he has gone through golgy on hm and know warpriest challenge
Yea, because that didn't happen. No one ground it out for 6 days and then missed it because of the last 5 hours. The only reason people missed out is because they made the choice to wait and take advantage of better experience gains. Does it suck that their choice ended up burning them because Psn went down? Hell yes it does. But why is it on Bungle to fix a choice of *don't play the game*? I'm an extremely casual player. I work 60 hours a week. I didn't even start Banner until Saturday night. Yet I still hit rank 5 on all 3 of my toons. If you wanted to put in even a modicum of effort, you made it to 5 too. If you wanted to wait and do it as easily as possible, you unfortunately got burned.
Especially players who only got burned because they actively chose not to play Banner until as late as possible just because they wanted it to be as easy as possible.
Garlow112. Alt hunter 309 who will be taking her first dabble in to HM. 320 spindle for the ride
Garlow112. 309 Titan that is just shy of 310. Is my alt so only through blessing of light. Have completed HM including challenge with my other 2 characters with week.
Garlow112 titan. Only 309 but have HM and cm experience. Bringing a 320 spindle to the party
Uhhhhhhhh, it wasn't his own queen that he murdered....
Its a game. Let the one or two pissy messages roll off your shoulders. You don't have to post on reddit about every little thing that makes you sad.
Most importantly, stop acting like its a big deal. Seriously, in ducking elementary school you learn not to worry about words, but seems like too many adults(well, maybe) have lost that skill.
What did you expect? Your post was basically an unfortunate story that ended with what was abasically a giant "I told you so". You said yourself that you don't have the game, so what is the point of being on this sub? I can't agree with /u/potatobomb69 calling out your internet connection because I dont know anything about your situation. But I also can't fault him for pointing out that you still pay attend to a sub of a game you don't want to play and filled with people you don't empathize or sympathize for.
Your best bet would be to look and see if an online retailer like Amazon has any digital copies. Wouldn't expect too much though.
Why do people need loot in order to play content?
Did you just say that you choose your race irl? That's not how babies work.
Perdverts fo' lyfe.
Or you could use Fireteams and CrucibleSherpas on reddit. Or the 100.io. Or DestinyClanFinder. Or any of the other LFG sites.
I will be playing this game next Thursday.
That's how I felt as I neared the end as well.
But it isn't satire...
Then do exactly what Deej recommended and don't play it. Problem solved.
Not that it is really pertinent to your point, but we do have a true objective-only mode in Zone Control. Definitely hope it never ever sees the IB light of day
Pssssttttt...this is from the devs.....
I really don't like the idea of something like that for IB. With regular control, you could be down by a large gap (15k-18k or so) and still make a comeback by chaining together supers and incredibly tight play. It's not a likely thing (I think I've only had it happen a couple of times), but it still gives you a reason to push as you are nearing the end as the losing team. But in Zone Control where you're at 1100 and they are at 1300? It might as well be over. You don't have any outside ways to score points to come from behind, so the hope and reasons for staying (especially once you hit the 5 medallion limit) would be completely gone.
Challenge optional. We'll see how the team is feeling when we get to golgy
On the jumping ahips if you and your buddy want to join. Garlow112
Garlow112 warlock
Garlow112. Pretty much got the same mentality; had to finally leave the last group after the bitchfest became too much
Garlow112 titan or hunter
Garlow112 334 hunter or titan
Do you go around and message everyone on this sub about them quitting too? Whenever Banner comes around there is a flurry of posts regarding how much it sucks to play solo and how they keep quitting if they even think they might lose. If you're not calling the rest of them out, then why are you treating OP differently? Additionally, "Quitter" stopped replying to you; but you kept going. It is obvious that he wasn't engaged in the conversation, but you couldn't let it go. I'd consider you to be harassing me if you kept sending me messages when I wasn't replying. Especially when it was just because you don't agree with how he wants to play the game. Also, you don't know what kind of player he is with the whopping 2 interactions that you've had with him. You want to jump to conclusions and decide he's selfish (your words, not mine), that's fine. But come on, don't be a hypocrite too. &gt;Don't call me a prick, the story is right in front of you. I'm pretty sure the story is the reason why /u/wheredidninjago thinks you were acting like a prick. Can't disagree with him there.
That would work... If exotic bounties hadn't been removed from the game about 10 months ago....
Exotic Bounties were terrible. Absolutely fucking terrible. That's why they were removed from the game. One of the best Quality of Life changes was the revamp to the shot bounty system. The good ol days you're complaining about not getting to experience? You had 5 bounty slots. They had to be turned into Roni, not from your menu. And if you got an exotic one, you basically lost space until it was cleared. Need Xur and it's Monday? Fuck you, enjoy 4 bounty slots this week. That shit was horrendous.
Holy shit dude, 8th grade drama called and it wants its overracting back.
I think what people are finding incredibly disappointing is that it tookt he mod team something like 3 months to crack down on the redundant SBMM posts, but only a few days on WIKAD. While each of the WIKAD wasn't drastically different than the last, they were more original than the circlejerk that crucible turns this sub into. It feels very disheartening that fun topics get squashed in days, salty topics get 3 months.
I agree and was going to post the same thing, though no reason to with you and as the most recent one here. Bounties would be over almost immediately...immagine having a team on the cosmodrome with people at: rocketyard, divide, forgotten shores, skywatch and then could still cover either mothyarfd and steppes or run through some of the transition areas you have to scout. However, I do think people are looking to have non-bounty related fun too. Sure, you may not be having more fun with 6 than 3, but there are more people having it. Plus you can do stuff like build your own SRL and the like.
Garlow112 334 lock
Garlow112 334 hunter
Couldn't you just not buy 3oC? That seems like a great solution so they only get used by people who want them.
You can still do that incredibly easily. All you have to do is just choose not to spend your time farming...
But the dictionary defines the words that provide the titles that make the acronym, so isn't the dictionary really at fault? And the copy editor reviews the definitions set down in the dictionary to establish the words that constitute the title that leads to the acronym, so shouldn't you be pestering that person directly? And since their job is just to take words that have become part of normal lexicon and codify them, wouldn't it be more reasonable to blame the community as a whole? And since the community takes words from pop-culture and turn them into our normal vernacular (like "Google" or "D'Oh!"), doesn't the blame really land on the shoulders of the individual who originally conceptualized the word and the meaning(s) it would entail? Or could it be that it's really people who can't use context clues who are to blame for any confusion?
What if I'm to his left side? The leg to the right will be the back left. There's no reason to just make it more confusing.
Why would you want three of coins if you think they are shit?
We had this same discussion during IB. You feel like the mother effing all star when you hit that Way of the Gun nowadays.
Garlow112 titan 335
Garlow112 titan
Garlow112 335 titan
Same thing I was thinking too. Maybe make it so you only get the next 2 floors below you? Depths could get the Womb then, but not see anything from Cathedral/Sheol on down.
I've had some police stations that did that to me too. I generally have to leave so copters start coming in, then use them to make more explosions inside the station by tethering them to the ground and exploding them that way. Only suggestion I've got though
But what happens if the game were to be expanded again? Maybe you 100% before afterbirth came out, so you no longer needed Eden tokens. What happens with AB and the release of things like Greed mode and Hush? Are Eden tokens required again or are they still going to be left off the table?
I took "Wreak Havoc" to mean "make explosions". My strategy for police stations was pretty much to blow up the transformers and fuel tanks, then run back and forth killing dudes while blowing up explosives. If that didn't complete it, getting vehicles inside the perimeter to blow up until it finally showed cleared.
I'm not at home right now, so I can't compare against a screenshot, but couldn't you just look at a list of all the exotic weapons and then cross out which ones you already have blueprints for? The 2 remaining should be what you're missing....
I didn't call the suggestion half-assed because I don't agree with it, I called it half-assed because there was very little put into the "suggestion". Once again, you're claiming that this is something that is "needed". You state that a large portion of the populace keeps their raid weapons...but that simply isn't the case. We've heard from Bungie that the majority of players haven't completed the raid AT ALL, much less are holding onto raid gear to run around and use in patrol and other PVE related events. You're seeing the vocal minority of this sub stating what their experiences are and applying that filter to everyone with Destiny. However, a minority of a minority (shit, this sub is barely over a quarter million) does not make a majority. Moving forward, you state that people like to hold onto these guns to use in patrol, crucible, and "challenges people set themselves with their friends". First off, what's unique about raid guns in those situations? Nothing. If your reasoning to keep access to these guns is because they might be used by someone somewhere, then you should be applying the same standard to the rest of the legendary gear that can be earned. A vanguard kiosk, a crucible kiosk, a gunsmith kiosk, etc. Once again, you never addressed the issue of how this would all work, you just stated it was something that is "needed". Until you're willing to take the time to figure out even a general idea of how this would be implemented, I'm going to continue to call it half-assed, because it is. Don't ask someone else to do work for you if you're not going to take time to think it through. I'm still waiting for you to address the concerns about how this would be implemented with random rolls (something that this sub has brought up a multitude of times before); but instead you want to focus on hurt feelings because of semantics. Don't use the effort to find a way that someone must have been out to hurt your feelings; use it instead to turn this half-assed post into a full-fledged concept.
It's pretty obvious from what I wrote that I misunderstood what he was saying and thought he was under the impression legacy players would need to buy a new product in order to keep playing come September. The only thing there was no need for was a snarky comment from someone who clearly didn't take the time to understand what he was replying to. While I misunderstood in mine, at least I wasn't an asshole about it.
Yea I totally didn't get that at all. My bad. I hope they offer some sort of discount. I can understand not going for freesies because they are a business and whatnot, but it would be nice if it was something like $20 but you got the digital collectors edition instead of generic. Then you can at least feel a little better because that edition was already 20 more so it's not as painful to rebuy.
How the heck do you get that many coins to donate?! I've just recently started completing greed mode, but each time it's like sub 20
News report: this topic still comes up daily.
I think that would be a good solution. Allow there to be a neutral time of up to 15 minutes where players can be in orbit or a social space without losing their streak. That way you can take a lil break in between sessions too
Incorrect, the loot is determined when you open the chest; not when you kill. Hence the advice that has come up on here many times of making sure you equip your highest light level gear before picking up drops.
Garlow112 334 titan
1) Universal Remote gets some love in crucible, but not too much in pve. I enjoy it every now and then, but not too often. 2) That's just part of what makes it neato. You've got Universal Remote and No Land Beyond which are secondaries that take your primarily slit and Sleeper Simulant, which is a secondary that takes your heavy slot.
Garlow112 titan or hunter. Experienced and got all the gear
Gamespot, Kotaku, and Forbes are my favorite places to see a reddit thread turned into a full-fledged article. It's like they can't do one minute of research.
I think the fires it leaves can hurt you now, where previously it was only the explosion.
Garlow112 400 everything
Pretty much the same here. I had an eve run earlier that was like experimental treatment and old bandage floor 1, then thunder thighs and pageant boy floor 2(plus missing page) Fuck that run, wasn't going to be fun
While I'm not the OP, pretty sure I can say this is a no. Oh wait, you were beating a dead horse. Carry on bud.
Maybe because they justifiably think it's a waste of time to bring up a topic that will be discussed, at length, by multitudes of other outlets. The other Redditors would probably rather ask questions that are slightly more unique to OPs situation.
To add a little to what was already said, you'll want to find a shop with a battery. Roll your coins to other stuff with the D20. Go buy a battery Open all chests and get the pickups you want. I usually only snag 5 coins while I'm building up the number of drops. Re-roll the room and start again. Basically the gameplan is get chests to drop items to roll into more chests with more items to roll into more chests. Until the floor is covered
I don't think it is part of Greed; I don't recall seeing it in the shop or chests.
Shooting invite shortly
Looks full now
Do you understand how years work?
Space? Garlow112
For karma farming. That's what Reddit is all about!
Like the guy who doesn't understand a joke going on in the sub about how little horn can kill everything?
Was this a meta post? Because you look pretty confused in your replies. I thought you were trying to show how to confuse others, not how you yourself would be confused. It's a little confusing who you're trying to confuse with all the confusion you're displaying here.
Ah yes from reading your post I can tell you definitely don't just watch Fox News as a mindless sycophant. I know that word is too big for Fox to use, so don't feel bad for misunderstanding it. You trump fans are doing the best you can just getting through elementary school.
Let's not pretend I assumed anything for now reason. I inferred it based on the stupid ass remarks you made. You want to say something intelligent and that can change, otherwise I'll keep believing you're too inept to figure out Trump isn't forgoing the salary (he cant, was voted on by Congress) and that he wouldn't be the first to do so even if he could. So would you like to do something besides act like a moron and play the victim? Because you still haven't done anything else.
No, they aren't baseless. Once again, they are based on your stupid ass remarks. I'm going to "assume" you once again won't read that portion, and get angsty that someone pointed out your shit is retarded. Not my fault you want to keep doing the same thing. But maybe before you act all high and mighty, look up Hoover and have an idea of what a president who isn't selfish would do. Since that's what you're insinuating, maybe you'd like to have a single point of relevance before thinking Trump is such a hero while sucking him off?
It's why we elected him pres: "Trump/Pence '16: Butts for Days"
Yo because the Binding sub is made for shitposts. Are you new here?
Exact reason why I won't touch Bumbo/Bum in greed. Just get fucked in the asshole
Bored me will start doing Insta reroll runs, but doesn't make it good. Just interesting
Garlow112 400 hundo anything, pref hunter
No, they weren't baseless. Once again, they were steeped in your retarded ass comments. I was stupid enough to look at your pair history where you advocate torture (because you think it gets verifiable information), that bannings don't hurt the country because all brain surgeons are equally competent, that Obama created the list of countries with restricted travel: these are all points of view from someone who has spent exactly zero time doing any sort of research themselves. Other stupid things: that a selfish person wouldn't leave their company, even though acting as President will open up far more business than being a company figurehead. Or that you keep sticking your fingers in your ears instead of opening your eyes. Remember Herbert Hoover? He famously said he spent the first half of his life making his money, so he should spend the second half giving it away. So what did he do? Oh yea, donated his wealth to the needy, and not just from the presidency, but from when he was in the private sector entirely. What did that not-selfish Trump do? Oh yea, fuck over the municipalities that gave him tax breaks so his companies had no suppprt and went under, causing thousands of jobs to be lost. Ohvyea, and then he promotes xenophobia to the point where your mindset seem a rational to people. I guess the point being if you thought my statements were baseless you're more idiotic than you demonstrated before. It's all from your stupid ass statements. So instead of playing the victim about how I'm making things up and making you look bad, look in the mirror to figure out why people think you're retarded.
On PS4 as well, feel free to shoot me a friend request. Also up to do most Destiny things whether shooting guardians or mobs.
garlow112 400 titan
Garlow112 400 titan. I have templar cp if wanted or can go freshity fresh
Garlow112. Would prefer to run my hunter but can do the ol titan as well
Garlow112 400 hunter
Hookers play vidya games too!
Garlow112 400 lock or titan
Thumbs up buttercup
Still need 1? Garlow112 400 titan
Garlow112 400 Hunter or titan lots of exp
Garlow112 400 hunter or titan
Garlow112
Garlow112. Not sure which class I will run but all are 400
Garlow112 400 titan
Garlow112. Give me a sec before invite, logging in now
I'm about to post an LFG for Vault HM cm and all that jazz if you wanna join. Just reply to this if you're still free and I'll shoot the invite
I agree. I *think* there was a buff that made it seek enemies. So a lot of people recall how bad it was before and still dislike it.
Also known as "Challenge Mode"; that's a little less confusing that "hidden won condition"
You're going to be gone for a while then bud. Destiny fashin has been a thing for far longer than 2 months
Yea, I don't really know if there would be a good way to do the adventure lore with the way to UI is set up now. I didn't really even piece together how much store driven lore happens while you're driving around in these adventures (I'm too used to D1 style games where we got a cutscene to tell us when to pay attention and could just worry about the pew pew otherwise) until I started seeing more of what I missed here on reddit.
I appreciate the niche that LSD has carved out, and am happy it's becoming more populated. Like all growth, that can lead to some issues you guys will have to deal with but so far it feels like there's been a decent rein on non-constructive whining and I don't see people getting downvoted to oblivion for saying the game has areas to improve.
You should be ashamed for making this post. It adds about as much to any dialogue as your others spouting how this sub is "censored trash". You want to throw stones? Add some critique. Be useful. There's a million other idiots who can make a post that doesn't actually say anything besides try to farm for karma with an insubstantial quip. Don't keep being one of them. All I have to say.
I'm pretty much always running with Nameless Midnight or Conspirator complementing the closer range weapons I have. My teammates are consistently telling me how I'm missing our because I don't like sidearms. Ask for people's favorite weapons, and you'll commonly come across Sunshot and Manannan on there. I bet it takes less time to come up with the options you exclaim are non-existent than it took for you to write the post you're replying to....where is the logic in that choice? It's incredibly easy to find other options to use, assuming you can evaluate weapons yourself.
I grinded all 3 boxes on all 3 characters each week and transferred them to my Hunter to decode. I was lucky if I got even 1 piece a week. But the likelihood of drops is irrelevant, it still doesn't change the fact that armor was just as RNG-y in D1 (even worse, because you couldn't mod a STR roll to DIS) but yet everyone seems to willingly forget that while they have perfect memories of being able to buy emotes.
&gt;(regardless of cosmetic only (which it isn't btw)) For all intents and purposes, it is. Yes, I understand there are ghosts that add more XP for doing events and such, but by and far those are fairly minute. And the extra experience you're getting? It's just to either: get more cosmetics, or get more things to get you more experience towards cosmetics. The end of the rabbit hole with Eververse is always cosmetics. If you mean the ones that give you more experience towards a planet; why would you care? All the cool items are behind Eververse so there's no reason to want the planetary gear, right? Or maybe the reason that being able to grind tokens out faster is to have the ability to buy as many engrams ASAP when new content comes out, or light levels get raised? But that doesn't make sense, because there's no real content so you don't need to prepare in advance, right? So....those ghosts are functionally cosmetic only then. &gt;shell of what it was at the end of D1 Year 3 While let's not pretend D1 Year 3 *Age of Triumphs* wasn't amazing compared to D2, it's not like the beginning of that year had that same tenacity. We still only had one relevant raid. Strike scoring didn't exist. Private matches didn't exist. Our $40 DLC add-on to the game was 5 whole missions (talk about a lack of content there). You got less shots at free boxes for cosmetics (even after AoT came out). Yes you could buy the specific emote you wanted, but gear was RNG. And double RNG, because it needed to have the rolls you wanted. No quick travel or choosing what you wanted to do unless you were in orbit. The tower had no derpy fun games, like the Floor is Lava or the giant Traveler ball. That being said, we have lost many of those great QoL changes. I love the Destiny franchise, but one of the things that ticked me off the most was that after TTK dropped, all of Y1 just felt like it had been a beta for that game. With Destiny 2 I have that feeling magnified. The only time I played as little as I do now was this point in Y1, and I only came back because I had already bought HoW and it got me back in. Now all that keeps me going is the occasional game time with a buddy, but I have no real engagement with the game currently. Am I disappointed? Yea, but I also can't say the game is as bad as Y1 D1, and I think might even be a little ahead of this time at Y2.
Because we grew up in a generation of participation prizes.
Unless the company has a policy that employees can keep the items they find, like OP states in their post. Just sayin' EDIT: Also want to point out that it seems like most people believe this to be fake, so take that as you will.
TIL
For players, I think many posters are frustrated. They are likely frustrated because, like myself, they've been through a couple years in the game. In those years, we saw Destiny gradually improving through player feedback, and with things like the April Updates it felt like Bungie was really in sync with the players. Then Destiny 2 came around, and it felt like there were a few steps backwards. Some of the most loved additions (strike scoring and private matches) weren't considered for the game, or couldn't make it in time. And it's fine if they weren't able to implement those features in time (D2 was basically done by that point), but we really needed Bungie to acknowledge that they weren't a thing; even if it's like a day or two after the game came out. Or a week. But not months. We don't know why we got Supremacy but not Rift, nor do I believe they disclosed that the endgame crucible wouldn't care about power level (though I may be wrong). People were generally excited about Mayhem when it came out with the Taken King, yet it was nowhere to be found with Destiny 2, and we didn't even get tongue in cheek references that they had it and were bringing it back. Either that or it slipped off the radar and it being part of the Dawning was last minute (which would help explain the Slowva bomb glitch), which would mean they really didn't pay attention to how much people liked that (unlikely imo) Every strike starts in a patrol zone. Hell, Arms Dealer for Legend of Acrius flies you into the EDZ and requires you to initiate the strike through a beacon in patrol. Why can't we just do this all the time for strikes? Have the strike playlist but then allow players to do the strikes they want to do by starting them in the world. Throw in the xp fiasco in there as well. It was realized that Bungie throttled your experience, but still showed the numbers like you were really gaining it. When caught, the response was "We want to promote you playing these various activities over others". Then they removed the throttle....while doubling (I'm fairly certain it was doubled, but they might have only increased) the XP requirements and not telling the community. That felt like a huge slap to players because it was almost like Bungie told them "Hey, we know you're paying attention to experience gains, and we know you think we're out to get you, and guess what, we think you're too stupid to catch us", then cavorted away. Now think of what it could have been. Like what if we started with the experience gains we have now, but each week Bungie changed the 2 or 3 activities that rewarded an additional 25% experience? Now we're getting positive reinforcement for what they said they wanted to do, instead of negative reinforcement for playing the game. That's even the type of thing they would use to hype up play with the game! The main problem - there was just no communication or acknowledgement from Bungie of the frustrations players had; and by the time it did come around it was too late. Players started seeing Bungie in the worst light, and Bungie did their best to help them do so. It was like Sean Murray going reclusive after No Man's Sky, waiting to make an announcement until they had something substantial to say. While I don't want crappy fluff posts from Bungie every day, they needed to acknowledge the disappointment players had and have and give us at least a tiny timeline. Even if the "timeline" was just "Here's what we are working on, and what order". I'm honestly not surprised that many players from Taken King onwards have started to leave; or that Day 1 players seem to be split 50-50 (both statements regarding the reddit populations, not sure about outside of there). As much as I have enjoyed this franchise, I can honestly say that Destiny Year 1 was ROOOOOOOUGH. From chest runs to having pulling your cord be a valid strategy for a raid boss, it was a hawt mess. In Y2 and Y3, I affectionately referred to the fact that Y1 basically felt like a year long beta compared to the QoL changes that came in with Taken King. Now it feels like the beta aspect is back, so players who remember the polished product are heading out. We oldenfolk have seen one piece of coal that developed into an ok diamond, so we've got hope....but as much hope as you've got, sometimes people are done waiting and don't want to go through it again. I don't blame anyone for being unhappy with the game and either leaving or scaling back their playtimes drastically. That being said, I do agree that I think people need to take more responsibility in the problems as well. We should be voting with our wallets (if you still like the game enough to play but not enough to buy silver) and our attention. Players want to send a powerful message to Bungie? Make a new petition for people to sign until the improvements and better communication happen. But not the same worthless petition as they've done before. Instead, it should be ones the mods sticky, right at the top. And the weight behind it needs to be players quitting the game and the community. When Bungie sees the subscribers starting to drop, and the forums die they will take notice. Because without a community, there's no hope for this franchises to survive.
&gt;PurplesDecryptingtoBlues Pepperidge Farm remembers. The first person in my fireteam to get a legendary to drop was so pumped, and talking so much shit on the rest of us for being the first one blessed by RNG. 1 decryption later and rage was heard haha. I hated that that was a thing that could happen, but man was that a just EPIC moment.
Yea, I think Eververse's functionality when it comes to silver is what makes me disappointed in it. I'm ok with leveling giving me a random box, and being able to dismantle those rewards for dust. I'm ok with that dust being as it is now, with ideally the option to buy expensive AF engrams off dust too (maybe 500 dust for a bright engram? 1000 for seasonal items only?). What I'm not ok with is spending real money to spin the lottery wheel. I did that for a skull mask year 2, and ended up with spare silver because of it. Good problem to have, but I'd rather have the like extra $17 that I would have had. My theory is that you can't buy items directly because they don't want people to be able to buy ghosts with gameplay related perks because of the "pay to win" argument that's already going around. So the solution they came up with was random boxes. In my perfect Eververse, it would work much like how it does now in regards to how you earn cosmetics through gameplay. Tess's front page would remain basically the same. Then you could swap to her collections, and you could buy any non-ghost for Silver, and people are pretty happy. Then throw ghosts in their own collection, make it only purchaseable for bright dust (and dirt cheap at like 100 BD) and you make people pretty happy.
I'm sorry you've had that experience, and part of me can understand it. I've made some long posts elsewhere so I don't want to break my fingers again, but I do get the feeling of not wanting to wait until Destiny "becomes great again". Hell, who knows how Destiny 3 Year 1 will feel? I hope that if you decide to come back to the game it's more....Destiny feeling.
Yea, I've definitely gotten a disproportionate number of them. My worst was getting 3 in a week, and I've had a week with 2 on my warlock plus at least another 1 or 2 on the alts. It seems like it's getting better, so I hope it's don't with for me.
So, am I missing something here? Because I didn't see them t-bagging you at all in your clip. So it kind of just looks like you guys wrecked a scrubby team and then acted like a bunch of arrogant dicks.
I really enjoyed all non-Crota raids a lot in Destiny 1. And Leviathan has the same problem it did to me: with only one boss it feels like a glorified strike. It's fun enough when you play them but they draw me in. Regardless, I loved doing those other 3 raids as the occasional 5 man. My first Kings Fall 5 Man was just an LFG group where we decided to start and get to totems while we found a 6th. Took too long, so we decided to 5 man totems (I *think* we did it legit by staggering our orbs but we may have sword glitched the poison). Knew we could 5 Man the rest so just went for it. Middle guy actually died round 3 of Oryx so we had to 4 man the last one.
But if you hadn't done the lair yet wouldn't you want to start fresh anyways?
So what if it's repeating things? OP said he got 500 hours of play time, not 500 hours of exclusive content. If he feels he got a good value, he did. Plus you keep complaining about Destiny so doing the same thing over and over is obviously right up your alley.
That's fine, just pointing out that the reasons for the April update were generally to tide people over and give them a minor amount of content since there were no small DLC's. As such, I wouldn't go in expecting to get one this year. It will be nice should we get something like it, but I don't foresee that happening.
I bought the game to shoot space aliens in the face, not find ways to spawn less of them. In the Nightfall, sure; there I have an incentive to be as cautious as possible. But unless you're going into the strikes with underpowered weapons it's not that hard to handle 2-3 groups of the adds spawning at once. If we were talking a 5 minute difference maybe I could see it; but I'd rather spend an extra 30 seconds getting to use my guns than not.
That's why you have to know your own abilities. When I solo queue in Pyramidion, I run to that middle plate by myself. I'm able to take it down, plus put good shots on the middle bros while my teammates are securing the plate on the left. Whoever is done first usually moves to the final plate and it's good to go. Trying to take down a plate when you're not able to will definitely slow the fight down. But if you're used to the gameplay, have decent weapons, and know how to handle yourself then it doesn't have to cost you more time. Regardless, it doesn't change the fact that you don't have to pussyfoot around and be worried about too many enemies, or that you have to do things the absolute quickest.
&gt;If you were to abandon the last mission without beating it, you would actually get The Almighty on your Director so you can select it. That's the second to last mission, 1AU. The final mission brings you back to Earth, going through the city and defeating Ghaul.
I would not say courageous unless you don't know the risks you're getting into. Then I'd call it stupid. I would not say courageous unless you know exactly what risks you have against you and what gains you have. Then I'd call it knowledgeable. I would not say courageous unless you make a lot of money by spectating on Bitcoin with no research. Then I'd call it courageous. I would not say courageous unless you invest all of your money into Bitcoin. Then I'd call it irresponsible. Guess I'm still looking for a plausible situation where someone is "courageous" for investing.
What part of Earth is the final map marker over?
I could return to D1 for some KF. Garlow112 400 all chars. Would probably be running the ol Hunter. Still remember all challenges pretty easy
Just about to boot everything up. Garlow112
Sounds good. Doing d2 nightfall and should finish right about then
I prefer "The Sodium Circlejerk" because the salt is impossible to get away from. Even if it's not salt about D2 it's salt about getting downvoted for not being salty.
&gt;Not like anyone else has given me the right word, if anyone gave a shit including myself, we'd have the word by now. You're right, it's other people's responsibility to be your crutch when you're too lazy and inept to figure things out yourself. God I hope you never have kids.
There's a difference between helping someone who is unable to find something themselves, and someone who says, point blank, they are too lazy to look it up themselves. What you want isn't help, it's for someone to hold your hand. If that's what you need, fine. But let's not pretend you made any sort of honest effort or that anyone should be picking up the slack your lazy ass drops.
So the seller has re-listed them at a significant markup, right? Sometimes an inventory issue is an inventory issue. Unless you've got something showing that this is causation, not just correlation. Let's not throw down for the sweet reddit karma off of just a "probably". Because it's pretty shitty to post something just because they maybe did something that you don't like.
&gt;no clue how ppl have fun playing this on aimbot slug mode. Mainly 'cuz it's a lot less smug down here.
I would expect the scenario where a player drops to an area where no one else around, finds a multitude of rockets, makes it to final circle without running into any other players, and then spams rockets to win the game is less than a hundredth of a percent. Outside of that situation, I can't think where you can say that spamming rockets takes the skill out of winning - the game isn't only the last 5 seconds.
Yea, I thought that entire paragraph of OP's made no sense. "I like bushes and how they help anyone be stealthy" right next to "let's make them be not stealthy anymore".
I think that's the best way to put it. There's no real reason any sort of cover should be better than another, and I don't want a bush to shake every 5 seconds anymore than a want a wall to vibrate if there's someone next to it.
Didn't realize where he was saying it wasn't possible. Oh, this one of those "Don't feel special it's easy to do" posts? I guess that's neat.
Chill neckbeard. If you spent more time outside you wouldn't have to call "dibs" on internet women. You'd also potentially have your first friend, but with a personality like yours it's highly suspect.
Maybe. It"s like me saying only stupid people agree with your statement. What if they cut the price 10% and sell 15% more? Profit. Cut 50% and sell triple? Profit Cut 1%, sell 2% more? Profit. As long as your increase in sales is greater than the cut you're taking you will end up making more. Pretty basic but I guess you needed that explanation.
Besides the luck in whether or not that item is being sold, right?
That idiot is speaking hyperbolic. Don't feed the stupid.
Sooo....like the lower tiers on the battle pass? Less grind : yup Less spectacular rewards : yup Doesn't dilute the pool by requiring multiple passes to get all items: yup
&gt;Just put the black knight in the store and let me use vbucks to get it This is what you said. The black knight is in the store, and you can use vbucks to buy it. There's 2 extra steps of buying the battle pass and the necessary tiers but that doesn't change the fact that it is in the store and you can use vbucks to buy it. I don't know how much more I can break it down for you.
God you really don't get it, do you? You treat people shitty, expect to be treated shitty. Of you can't handle someone saying you're taste in shoes is shit, don't tell other's their opinion of skins is the same. Grow the fuck up and stop playing the victim.
It's my only "fault" with Epic's cosmetic system. I would prefer if they could mark items as not to return or when we might see it again. I understand wanting to keep the store rotating to encourage more consistent sales (as opposed to spiking at reset and trickling down as interest wanes), but it would suck to not get an item (for whatever reason) and keep missing it by a day or two each time.
&gt;What happens more often in reality though is they lower the cost 50% and sell 20% more. Source?
Eh, it seems stupidity gets upvotes so I'm not surprised. Reddit is full of morons who finally get their day in the sun because other morons actually find someone to identify with.
Take look in the mirror you twat. Your parents would be ashamed if they knew the kind of person you present yourself as.
They should only be free if the game costs money, otherwise the company has to stay in business somehow. So why are you playing a game for free that you should have paid money for? Send Epic a check in the mail for $60.
&gt; Also the "These items will never be available again.." phrase from the dev update is likely a partial white-lie I expect it's more likely we will see small variations and changes to the skins so they can be released. Black knight will have purple or some other rich color instead of red and be the Obsidian. The disco themed set will flicker different colors and be the neon set. Etc Etc.
You seems to forget that these people play Destiny for a living. That means they don't magically go away just because a Trials carry isn't an option for them to sell. Instead, you would have those same 3 players, plus someone who is comparable to their skill level as opposed to 3 skilled players and a newbie. Stacked teams running trials together was a pretty common occurrence between streamers for quite a while, then the contests for carries started rolling out, and then more players realized that there was a market for selling those carries instead of giving them away in a contest. You Might be good at the game, but if you think a team with a broken leg is tough, you've got not idea what a full team is like. Maaaaybe think for a second about what /u/vote_ce is is trying to get across before you are so quick to point out how wrong they are.
I assumed as much. But I also know there's people like a buddy on my friend's list that will back out if they seem Krafty or such doing a carry because they don't find it fun. For those guys the thrill isn't so much the reward, it is getting to say you beat Player X. Doing so while they are carrying a lame duck doesn't give the same feels.
Destiny 1 would disagree with you.
But if you look to into it you can't farm for karma!
That's cute, he never told anyone what to do. He just asked why that poster is still here if they feel the game is a dumpster fire. Read before you reply there champ.
Unfortunately you may not be young anymore, but the dumb part is still perfectly applicable.
You've lost so much faith in them you spend your time paying attention to the franchise and posting on forums dedicated to that franchise. That doesn't sound like a guy who has moved on.
&gt; I think I will goodbye you poor fools. Probably should. It's pretty stupid to keep doing things that make you unhappy. Maybe you should try being foolish instead of idiotic.
Yea, they would have asked why he was playing the game if he wasn't happy. Then some idiot would come along, too lazy to read what someone has posted and get all puffy and outraged because they pulled out their jump to conclusions board. I'd expect some other poster to come along, and point out the idiot (maybe a "young and dumb 12 year old" as you like to call people) didn't take time to read what they replied to, they just unleashed the teenage angsty. Then that idiot would probably come back and defend their inability to read by saying "well we all know how it would have gone [if I knew what the hell I was typing about]". So yea, I guess it would go pretty much just like it did. The question never gets answered, and the idiot keeps grasping for an explanation why they can't read before replying.
Goodbye. I hope someday you have the ability to do what you'd like in your free time my emotional friend. Sounds like you won't though, so see you in 2 months. Hopefully the tears will have stopped for a moment.
Always and forever! *KEEP THE MYTHOCLAST DOWN!!!!!*
It's not another thread, it's literally part of this thread. I'm not pulling something from a completely irrelevant post. I would have expected someone as smart as yourself would pay attention to the title, but I guess that's what happens when you expect common sense. If you don't get it by now you should go back to school and ask them to teach you deductive reasoning. I guess they don't teach that on iCarly, or maybe the 420 gets in the way of you trying to figure things out yourself.
I lose my shit when idiots like you say they play a game because it's a realistic warfare survival and others are less good because they are cartoony. Like pussy, you're playing video games like the rest of us. If you wanted realism, you would have joined the forces and not been an armchair warrior. Funny how adding additional dynamics makes something child's play, but maybe in your neck of the woods the kid's do the hard work. Would make sense why you assume people are too broke to afford anything.
Enough to keep the game successful and stealing your fanbase. And somehow those F2P players can support enough of a staff to put out updates, unlike the PUBG monstrosity that seems to be staffed by one guy still playing with graphics form 15 years ago. I mean damn, how fucking terrible must PUBGs business model be that they can't affor a real staff or a good shill account? Now that's embarassing.
Battle Pass* And I think he's just a real shitty shill account.
Don't be an entitled prick and go see the sun for once.
Its one of the depressing things about most gaming reddits; apparently players forget we could find ways to entertain ourselves without needing flashing lights and to be glued to a TV. Like what the fuck would these guys do if they couldn't game for a month, like when PSN went down? There would be fucking anarchy all over the middle schools.
While I attended class, you studied the blade. While I met women, you studied the waifu. While I went outside and enjoyed the weather, you studied the angst. The fedora is strong with you; you're the hero neckbeards want, though they don't have the shower you need.
A ride from the late 90's into the present?
Because you haven't read a post from Epic before?
I hope she brings you one then :)
Git gud. Then tell me how to do so as well because my Keeper post-it doesn't have shit on it (well, maybe Greed mode). I'm fucking bad with the Keeper.
bad bot non-native speakers don't need a bot to troll them back.
Yea, I feel like I'm OK/Decent at the game when I ay regularly (Lost for fun, including D4 whenever I have the charges), but I feel godawful as keeper unless I do ONLY keeper runs, and those I just don't find fun. Tbh, probably never going to complete his post-it and I'm fine by it. Keeper is a challenger for challenge lovers and completionists, I'm too lazy to be either :)
I agree with you. Would these things be "neat"? Yea, of course they would. But overall they don't add much. Shooting ranges are covered by the crucible for weapons training, and going out to shoot baddies when it's not just training. Lore-wise it wouldn't make a ton of sense (nor would it be egregiously out of the place), but Bungie doesn't have a reason to dedicate manpower towards it over other projects. Same with the obstacle course. That thing would be cool for about 5 runs, then it would stop getting used. How often are people still playing the floor is lava game, or go do the actual timed obstacle/jumping course at the farm? Not many. A library would be cool, but so far D2 doesn't have the out of game lore that Destiny 1 did. We don't have ghosts or the book of sorrows, and unless they wanted to bring that forward there wouldn't be much to display. Of you could consolidate all of the like items together (like raid gear) so you could create the narrative w/o swapping item to item to item it might be a different story.
Isn't the Hunter parkour park just the jumping game in the farm? It's even timed.
Yea it's hard for me to believe that the obstacle course would "add replayability" when we already have the farm one and the floor is lava at the tower....neither of which I see anyone use even semi-regularly
Yea, as I'm running around I generally try and cut down when I can, especially when playing squads. Plus whenever I loot an area, I try to make sure I pick up all the little resource drops. Most importantly is looting your opponent. I may get like 200-250 resources by myself, and so did the guy I killed, and so did they guy they killed. Me being at the end of the chain ends up with 700 wood or so.
Was fairly fortuitous, able to get online with party functionality around 1pm est (maybe closer to like 1:30/1:45). Was able to play 3 man squad with fill, then got our 4th in and had no problems. Eventually dropped to duos with one guy, and on our last run it got a little squirrely. Took a while (30 sec/1 min) to start up as opposed to 10sec the rest of the day. On PS4
Well, you keep playing and paying attention to their game, so obviously not. Or if you really thought they were that bad, you could play any of the other games out there, and actually make a point by voting with your wallet and your attention. But you're just some dumbass Reddit troll, so all you do is bitch and whine about things instead of moving on or actually doing something. Stop being a bitch.
First off, let's not act like you made an even somewhat pertinent reply to /u/Iminurcomputer 's post. He said that once you've realized that sometimes 0=/=0 (I assume because they have the value round to the nearest .1, so at .04 it shows zero but isn't actually done), you should know to wait completely and not start pre-emptively moving based on the timer (it's the same for revives). You replied with a snarky, whiny comment that offered absolutely nothing of constructive value. You didn't try and offer any sort of solution, all you did was complain, and *even your complaint had no substance*. The point remains, you like the game and continue to play it while complaining about the people who put the game out, for free, for you to enjoy. You're not just complaining about the game, you're insulting the people themselves. That's where you start being a troll. As I alluded to before, if you really felt they were such a horrible studio, you wouldn't be here. But you are. You find them bad enough to complain about, but not actually take any action. You may have said I'm mad at your opinion, which I'm not. I'm pointing out that you're being a little bitch that will whine but won't take action. Keep being defensive about it, but it looks like quite a few people agree.
What an overtly basic look at the situation. It's ok to critique the company and recommend what we'd like to see; offer solutions to problems that have come up. However, posters are getting a little to comfortable just throwing up a quick whine and not offering anything constructive; which is a worthless post. What's fucking annoying is the "I deserve free V-bucks", which is stupid and what people are annoyed at. Regardless, it is still a free game, and if people want to impact the business model they are going to be a lot more successful by turning a blind eye to Epic and showing that their attention is worth more than they are getting, but instead we are flooded with a circlejerk of complaints from players who insult Epic as people and a studio, then spend their time tipping their fedora while playing the game. If you honestly think that these complaining posts from *players who still actively give time to EPIC* help "make the game better for us" then you need to spend less time linking old posts and more time reading them.
OP is karma farming. If you look at the replies he's put out, there's no substance there. Hell, the post he linked is someone else's work, and he doesn't even give them credit. If there was something competent from this OP, he'd at least add something to what the original post had.
Never hurts to try.
This. Last time I found a group on fireteams they kept complaining about almost everything in D2. Made me not want to go back there
Yea I think one of the cleanest ways to do it would be to make it like a controlled charge. Destroys the wall it is on, and if a player is right next to it the charge might down them (on the charge side, someone opposite side might take like 10 dmg). Make the radius incredibly small, and that way you've got a nice utility item that still gives you a little reward if you catch someone unawares. In the spirit of traps, I'm also assuming whatever they come up with would be pretty visible on walls.
It would be slightly more complicated than random squads. About the only difference is players would decide if they wanted to stay or bail after being downed. Lets not go around pretending the majority of players are too inept to figure a new game mode out.
Well....maybe try landing outside of super populated locations and use some distance? Those "fat dogs" are just smart enough to close a gap that you apparently don't want to use.
Yup, it's unfortunately always been the case. Unfortunately, the mods over at /r/destinythegame always felt like it was better to have multitudes of posts with the same content instead of moving them to a megathread. Because players saw you could join the circlejerk and farm karma it just became a worse and worse sub.
I don't have a real chance in hell at making it to knight (as I shouldn't, just got the pass this Saturday). However, this just reduced my grind so hard for getting to tier 39 and being able to free-roll next month (assuming it's only 950 again).
I don't think you know what the word "most" means. I'd be surprised if even just the small amount of the population subbed here had a majority of players at tier 70, let alone the rest of the games.
It's terminology that I'm familiar with from back when I used to play Magic Online, don't know if it was a more popular thing or just for us nerds there. It basically just meant winning back your entry or more. I put in $10, got my 1000vbucks and spent 950 on the pass (50 remaining). If I make it to tier 39 I should get 900 total vbucks from rewards, getting me back to that 950 mark and effectively getting the pass for free the following season. Tier 46 adds an extra 100 vbucks, so that definitely makes it free for Season 3. Hoping they keep the structure somewhat the same; I don't think I should ever need to really grind as long as I'm looking to hit those benchmarks (versus tier 70 or so)
&gt;what I want is a game without lag and glitches In 30 years I've yet to find a game that meets those qualifications. Good luck in your search
Damn! Not surprised though. Still, if seasons stay about 2 months long then I'll be buying it each time it comes around (or at least until the increase the cost). $5/mo ain't too shabby.
Well, to be fair, someone with a battle pass asked if we could get 3 more days towards progression, to which you replied: &gt;Early access, free game... Edit: Lol the salt is real. Downvote me for epic and Sony's issues. They stated they had purchased the battle pass, and you came back with: &gt;True but you could still complete the challenges. Just not the play with friend one. To which others then pointed out that *players couldn't log in, at all*. It wasn't just doing one challenge that was missed, it was all of them. And even if it was just the social ones, there is still no guarantee that you won't re-roll your battle pass one back into the same thing. You didn't get downvoted for saying it was a free game in early access, you got downvoted for not adding to the dialogue. Epic obviously thought it was important enough to let people know there were PS4 login issues (that's the OP of the thread your downvotes came from); something more than "Early Access, Free Game" gets across. However, if you need karma that bad, just go post a picture of a kitten over on r/awww. Then you'll get that sweet, sweet validation.
Wouldn't be too worried about it. Don't need a gift from Epic because they had outages for a couple days. Feeling better now that we've gotten that out of the way? Maybe now you can move on from being a tool?
Anyone who hasn't worked as a 1099 or independent contractor needs to do a LOT of recon to understand what they are getting themselves into. My tax burden was about $7k more than I was expecting 2 years ago because I didn't take the time to get learned and just listened to what the owner said (turns out, he was waaaaay wrong)
Are you talking about the animation issues fixed in today's patch or something else?
It's the patch notes on the front page.....
Had it happen to me yesterday at the 4 buildings north of flush. Small chest in the SW didn't drop anything when opened. Hung out for about 15 seconds hoping it was lag related, but never had any items pop out. Recorded the footage, will upload when home tonight
I mean, the idiot is replying to himself about why he made a new post so I don't really think he can figure out what's going on. What's disappointing is 84% of people think low-effort fuckbois deserve recognition. This thread is shit, oobvious by the replies OP has given and yet people apparently think he's something besides incompetent.
But you were awake before you posted and they are on the front page.....
Ummm, what? I haven't seen a single post where someone has said this isn't a bug.
What about when they have squad challenges? What about mute players? Players who have others in the background? People who don't focus 100% entirely on FN and may have to answer a question in the background? &gt;This game is about communication. That's why OP is trying to improve the non-verbal options we have. Communication isn't only spoken word.
Yea, Epic will sell you a code. It's real easy too, you can buy it right through the interface.
Yea, and it should be pretty obvious to anyone, especially a fucking adult, that you don't make these kind of stupid ass "jokes". You want to call someone braindead? It's the idiots who tried the "joke" and the dumbasses arguing in favor of it.
It doesn't have anything to do with being kind. It has to do with supporting the developer. You want to buy it cheaper? Look on eBay. Don't lurk the official sub of the game and be shitty.
Practicing doing it back. I started getting an extra 2-3 kills a game when I forced myself to start getting into jumping engagements and forcing myself to become more competent at them. While I still can't hold a candle to the real top tier players I now find myself at a decent advantage playing against most who use a shotgun like you would in regular FPS's. Hell, last night I didn't find a shotty so it was CQC jump bursts for a kill. It basically comes down to just getting used to having to control your aim on more vectors. Once you've got the hang of it, you're able to use those habits with most guns
He did. OP is complaining it was fun when he was in on the secret of double pumps; now that he's on the receiving side it's "ruined the game".
Iirc you were supposed to be level 50 at the beginning of week 4. I'm sure it's still within your reach, but it will probably require quite a bit of grinding and/or buying tiers so then stars give you xp, however little it is.
Yea, because if you don't have an extra $40 available you shouldn't be playing video games, you should pick up another job. Not like you need to have money to buy games, but if you can't afford $40 for StW then you probably don't have anything for an emergency that comes up or shit you might actually need. Plus even just 20 hours a week at minimum wage is over 500 bucks a month after taxes. This is coming from someone who has been homeless, has had three concurrent jobs, and crawled outta being broke by working for what I wanted.
The only tears I have come from laughter. It amuses me that someone so inept can actually think they have something to contribute. Might want to take a long walk off a short pier champ, you clearly peaked.
I need some fries for all that salt.
"No downtime".
Yes.
Ok smartass, what is your response to it being active for the last few days? You did say it wasn't here at all...
I hope we can't. Want xp? Play a real match
Er yeah....didn't realize you worked for Epic. Oh you don't? Neat.
If it didn't come back it wouldn't have been here over the weekend. I'm sorry you're too stupid to understand your own post. Well, I'm not sorry but I'm sure your parents are. They probably had hopes before you presented yourself as a fucking dumbass. Maybe they can't have a second kid who isn't a disappointment *and* who can read. The double threat to your retardation. Too bad some rando on Reddit has to explain to you what **you** wrote, isn't it. Parents and teachers need to try harder to get through your skull
I've just never understood this mentality. If I'm bad enough that I'm considering changing accounts I'll spend my time doing something more useful like sleeping or bating it. Fuck logging in and out of a video game so I can look cooler to peers I'll never meet
They are doing it to get attention, exactly what you're giving them here. Just let shitty content creators die in a corner as opposed to making us aware that this Killshot dude even exists. Free shitty publicity is still better than no publicity.
There's links on the sidebar to this week's challenge cheat sheet. If you check the post history of the creator of that he has done it for every challenge set so far this season.
Seems like a rich get richer situation. Consistently get kills? Have better guns to get more kills with. If you're performing well with a common it doesn't "need" to evolve. Plus one of those 4 should have a better fun for you unless you were just shooting fish in a barrel.
It's like an epic Epic troll. The number of times I have left my duo partner because I looked at my friend's list is stupid. Well, I guess I don't know whether it or I are more stupid at this point lol
Common sense is perfect to describe it. We all have a decent idea where the populous areas are (key complaining about Tilted), then you just figure how people get from A to B.
Bots don't have to be potatoes. There was a post a week ago showing footage of a "player" making an absolutely useless structure faster than most pros would and with no sense behind it. A bot just needs to be run by a computer; the performance isn't really relevant in determining that. Hence bots being used to farm stuff in most games Edit: Can't believe I'm actually being downvoted by a twat who thinks a computer running a "premium hack" isn't a script/bot :/
I mean, I'm tired of little bitch boys complaining about everything on Reddit but that doesn't stop you from posting; why should your annoyance stop others from being no-skins? If we have to deal with your mental stunt then you have to deal with others just not wanting to spend money.
Yea and it's easy to chalk up other being better than you because they "play like bitches". Someone is salty he never makes it passed the first 25 people..
Please don't. The idea of 10+ queues is idiotic
But then we wont have modes for people to whine to make permanent! Edit: Phone typo
I especially appreciate the half-assed emotes at the bottom. I mean, just look at that Best Buds. He looks depressed AF with them slumpy shoulders.
You haven't checked it? You literally get replies sent to your inbox; it's how you knew this reply was here. Just stop with the teenage bullshit. You made some dumbass content; got downvoted and then went somewhere else to farm for karma. Now that you're getting called out your behaviors you have to make up excuses to backpedal even faster. Like you literally think everyone here is too stupid to realize how Reddit works and that you can pull the wool over our eyes...how fucking egotistical is that?
During the last round of duos my partner legit thought the dab picture was OP sneezing. Like damn dude, don't try too hard in making it look good.
This is probably lazy and shitty of me, but I just auto assume that if there's a cool dino-esque action sequence within the last 15-20 years it probably steals something from Jurassic Park. This chase, the kitchen - both are so good and I am A-OK with them being the basis for more and more shots!
The tl;dr is the title this time...
Bad bot
Thank God they needed the smartass so you could be invited too.
Someone's salty. And a little stupid. I never said you made a post. However, the fact that you're getting angsty the mods are enforcing a rule that you were too lazy to look up was the first point. The followup point to that was that if you can't be bother to pay attention to something that doesn't change on a daily basis why in the hell would you ever expect people to pay attention to something that changes daily. The third point was that it used to work the way to whined you wanted it to be, and things had to change because it was too spammy. The only thing that's dumb here is the guy behind your keyboard. Get pissy at the mods for your inability to read all you want. Also, name isn't Simone. Nice try though? Edit: You may have had to edit your post to change some things, but I'll leave the content of mine alone. Keep it classy.
Cool story but what comment did Sophie reply to?! That's all we actually care about.
Anecdotally, I only know about Fortnite because I happened to see it as a F2P game from December. The people that I know in real life all learned about the game from myself or one of the people I shared it with; but out of all of us only 2 are still playing. I have 25 people on my friends list from my Destiny clan who are active and play other games since Destiny plateaued for a bit. Only 2 regularly play Fortnite besides myself. Like I said, all anecdotal; but from what I've seen a lot of players have "moved on" from Fortnite. Not moved on like the game is bad, but moved on like shelved it in favor of H1Z1, GoW, MHW and friends. They are still active in that almost everyone is up to play fortnite if you suggest it, but inactive in that they don't play unless you bring it up.
I don't really find it that frustrating. It's a challenge because I'm supposed to have to fight for the chests; not because the challenge is to find the game where everyone holds hands and waits their turn to complete
There is, you just need Snorkel Ops to rotate back.
bad bot
They give less. Probably a factor of being shorter (survival time) and I'm not sure there's the placement bonus in that mode.
Are they a stranger? What did your parents teach you about strangers? That's the most help any of us can give. Sorry, but at the point where you are getting online you have to express some critical thought too. Otherwise, if you're really this innocent and naive, you really need to just throw the platforms out. Else the internet is just gonna end up with you getting kidnapped.
You literally said "GG but you won by luck" instead of complimenting them on outplaying you. If you don't want someone to be defensive, don't qualify why you lost to them. Either GG and move on or don't say anything; adding in the reasoning doesn't do anything but start the conversation.
Because if you're mildly competent then when you run of the storm you immediately look to use it as a weapon, i.e. engaging the people still running inside. They have even less health and more pressure than you did. I expect my opponents to have map awareness and not just let me stroll through everywhere.
Because you disagree with u/catbeep and they don't have a good reason to argue. So the fact that you're killing people in a game where you gain more experience for more kills is dumb. Stupid you, don't play the objective....we should all just walk around the map with dicks in our mouths.
If you expected people to have map awareness you wouldn't ask how someone would have the ability to look around. Let's not be a Pretendy Patricia here champ. You actually expect your opponets to not pay attention and let you walk around. You expecting opponents to have map awareness while complaining they pay attention in the storm just doesn't pan out champ. Nice try though.
You need to spend less time "having a life" and more time being competent. You sir, are a fucking dumbass.
Why I'm thinking you skipped most days of grammar lessons?
It's suggested about 15 times a day. You don't take out what makes something unique and market the generic trash left over. Taking the cream out of Oreos doesn't make them better, it just makes them like every other cookie in the aisle.
Just because two monkeys can communicate doesn't mean they shouldn't try and do it more competently. Try a book, they're grand.
Apparently someone doesn't know what the /s tag means....
I would say someone that isn't shit at the game doesn't need rocket launchers to be quick reloading weapons and doesn't need to run around with 20+ rockets as a crutch, but that's only because I'm not retarded. Some people jump into the circlejerk so hard it's amazing they still have hands and not little nubs where those graspers used to be. Watch out champ, there's ropes of yogurt going all over you.
Ah, look guys, it's a cute lil baby troll. It's not often you get to catch one before they grow up and become a complete asshole. Take your screenshots now!
Had the same experience when I went to a Gamestop about a month ago to buy a new controller. I had to reiterate 3 freakin' times that I wanted a NEW controller while the register jockey kept trying to tell me it would be cheaper and I should just take it. Like fuck you guy. I get that you're trying to make a better margin but you made your pitch and I said I wasn't interested. Continuing to go on is just disrespectful.
&gt;When they told me this over the phone, I pretty much laughed at them. When I read this, I pretty much laughed at you. You've clearly got no idea how a business works. That's cute that you're throwing shade that hard though with your made up numbers ($80 for a controller? Puhleeze).
Gamestop took in 9.33B in revenue last year and the actual net profit for them was 30 million. Of the 3.04 Billion they took in, 2.72 Billion went out to their employees and related admin expenses. In fact, compared to 2014 they are spending 800M more per year there. It does seem like it's been quite a while since you looked at their Income Statement if you saw 230million as a cost anywhere on there.
Says the asshole who literally started the circle jerk comment. Oh, I forgot, it's OK for you to be shitty for people who disagree with you, but not ok for us to treat you like the shithead you are. You've got your own cock shoved so far up your own ass you're fucking choking on it and losing oxygen. Your parents are clearly proud of your inability to comprehend even the simplest bullshit; otherwise they would have slapped the stupid out of you. I hope the bet with their friends for who could have the most worthless child worked out. &gt;You're a tool Couldn't have said anything about you better myself. Except asshole.
No, you're not retarded, you're a troll who relies on rockets as crutches for those busted ass legs. Your comprehension is about as strong as your gaming ability there champ.
That's called templating champ. Those of us who work for a living have different calendars formatted for what we are paying attention to. You really are just the wizard of pulling dumb shit out of your ass aren't you?
So you're saying you literally think 20 people in every match are using these mechanics? You realize this sub, which has mutltitudes of people who don't understand these mechanics is less than 1% of the playing populace? So if the competitive sub that accounts for less than 1% of the populace isn't unified in knowingg what is going on how in the hell would you ever expect 20% of to overall populace to be using them? Like you're literally expecting the randoms who just picked up the game to be more well versed than the guys who have been grinding since Season 2. That makes no sense Methinks you need to take a statistics class agai.
Maybe I'm just retarded but I'm pretty sure companies look down on ban evasion. And if you're going to try and say you were unjustly banned you lose all credibility when you create a new account and start using those same exploits immediately. I feel like every reply I'm going to say to you is just going to be "that doesn't make sense".
How cute you throwing shade at other little kiddos. You're the fucking twat who won't reply about how he thinks 20% if people are xploiting the mechanics every game, but you'll comment on something 10 hours after that to point out you were right. *You* can't be over the age of 12, stop using this site. And ask your parents to care enough that you get a decent education. Right now you are just a barrel of retardation. Little snide asshole.
Don't worry, asshat u/janukenasl down here only replied because he can beat that meat at feeling correct. If you check his post history you can find a litany of posts he can't come back to because the dumbfuck just makes things up. Either that or we really have 20% of the players constantly glitching, which is just a straight stupid statement.
Cool story bro.
I don't think you understand what the phrase "unpopular means". Either that or you're just completely ignorant of the rest of the posts on this sub.
Seems like you've got pretty poor manners.
Was that post not clear? Its obnoxious that someone makes a post to point out that "unpopular opinion = popular opinion" when there was literally multiple other threads on the same topic at the same time; all because of a thread that said it was an unpopular opinion that building was wanted. I'm sorry that you and the other downvoters came along 5 hours after the fact, so didn't get to see this was just one of dozens. But if you can't understand the irony in the situation then you don't need to talk to me, you just need some real world experience.
Are you Stretch Armstrong? Because that's one hell of a reach.
I bought the PS3 Ezio Collection shortly after playing Black Flag at launch. Didn't even make it to the 3rd mission before not being able to complete it. I was interested to play the games first-hand (kept procrastinating when the franchise launched) but I've learned the story and don't have a desire to deal with the visual vomit of some old games.
Gonna be real hard to cover their losses with something they give away for free. Good logic, man.
There's also plenty of things that say free and are free. Maybe they figure of someone is broke enough to have to crawl CL freebies that they suck at card games and could an an easy mark? I can bring up anecdotal evidence to give just as much support as your random ones give. Not really my job to figure out someone's motives. But I'm not going to arbitrarily decide what a situation is and then throw shade because of my made up hypothesis either. This person is already a shitty enough person without you making up a reason for why you *think* they are shitty and judging them for it.
I'm 95% certain it was Twisted Metal 2 on the PS1 at my buddy's house. Pretty certain that was the first game we played together on his 1. I'm fairly certain the first game I owned was Crash 3, but I can't remember for sure anymore.
You could have 5 rocket launchers with 1 in each of them, plus 12 in your backback.
So why are you telling us and not the one guy sending you a shit ton of invites? I had a bud do that; when I told him I couldn't join a game while they all came in he stopped. Problem solved.
The world doesn't need to become more restrictive so assholes can be less troll-y. If you told your friend to stop being an asshat and he isn't, then unfriend him; don't complain that the reason your friend is an asshat is because Epic doesn't stop him. That's just silly.
But the point is they don't have anything they need to fix. The thing that needs to be fixed is your friend's behavior. Epic isn't at fault for him being an asshat; that's on him and the environment that raised him to be a troll.
Compared to Wailing: You get access to the 7 chest spawns there, you've got the fox and funky house with two chests each and the houses to the north with 3 chest spawns. You've also got those Wailing trees, and pretty much the same access to the bridge and tunnel with their chest spawns. The problem with tomato town is that no one can justify it being good with listing a ton of areas that every other named location in the area has access to as well. And while I agree that surrounding areas are important it's not like you can use that loot to say a named area itself is fine. I don't think they need to necessarily add more loot, but they could move some of the random spawns. The tree with 2 chest and truck that had 3 could be dropped to 1 each and still be fine for random world loot, but then throw two more houses by the red one to make it feel more like a town. You add the floor loot chances into the game but otherwise you're just moving a chest.
It became the weekly challenges and gives more stars. Instead of getting 3.5 tiers a week we now get 5 (plus this season's blockbusters).
Since you put words in my mouth. &gt;Both of those still have a decent amount of stuff to with. Direct quote from the post you replied to. When did people lose the ability to read?
Yup yup that's what it was supposed to be.
Damn, you win 100% of your solo matches? You should start streaming brah.
Obviously it wasn't an intended change, but if it was they still wouldn't put LTM's in the middle of the static mode. It's not like Blitz solo went between regular solo and duos.
Not knowing anything about how their code works, it might be that somehow there was an unintended change that made the static modes be listed alphabetically instead of by number of players.
Then turn your back and walk away. Best way to get a company to change their direction is for their to be a mass exodus of players. Otherwise aren't you just *hoping for the best* just as much as them?
Yea, fuck him for having a contrasting opinion, right? What are you? Donald Trump?
The older I get, the more I think *Family Guy* had it right that a lot of the politicians and political activists are just Fred Savage in different suits.
Oh boy, it's some 4chan spam. Aren't we lucky.
I think I know that complex if you're in the CSU part of the state.
Yea they made a post that they extended it 2 days.
Across the nation? Someone's still gaming in 2006.
You don't need to link a user if you're replying to one of their comments....
Nope, and I can't every retard to figure out the difference between nation and world. You'd have to stagger the release WORLDWIDE if you wanted to make a difference you fucking tool. Stop being stupid..
If you'd like to point out where I'm incorrect I'm happy to hear it. Since you haven't been able to do it, I'm just gonna use your post history to realize you're just a sad teen on summer break. Time to stop being an asshole kid. You don't want to spend the next two months before school as lonely as the last has been.
I would double check the replay and see if there was a trap in a house that you had "recently" run through. Based on that car I can't think of anywhere that could be close enough, but maybe there was some extreme lag going on? Otherwise hope you were able to report it.
Couldn't you entertain your viewers with one of the other game modes instead of just disappointing them 8 times in a row?
Yes. What do you want me to do, try to reason with an imbecile? It's your life bro, don't care if you stop playing Fortnite.
Probably one of the most often suggested ideas. I'd say lots of people agree. I actually like the fact that we're still playing on this map and it just gets somewhat updated. The stuff this season was less impactful than I thought they were gonna do (outside of Dusty of course, and then the busted buildings to stadium change).
Bad bot
Alright smartass, let's calm down and be a Thinky Theodore for a moment. * If people want to go for high kill games, they play solo squads. Why? Because more people survive more fights. If a group of 8 fights in solo, only 1 will make it out alive (so only 1 left to ill); versus in squads you'll probably see 3 people you can pick off from there. * Loot. You realized there isn't 4 times as much loot in Squads as Solo, right? So while you can take the best gear you find, you're fight against people who have to share the gear they have and overall will have a less optimal loadout. They have less ammo per person. * And let's just think about shields for a moment. If you find 3 stacks of minis you've got use for yourself and a good amount of reserves for your fights. The squad you just saw has to use all of them and have a paltry one leftover. So you've got better shields, better loot, are picking off teams already weakened by their previous fights, and were clearly one of the worst solo players in your game (given there were 9 teams with 11 people left....). There only joke here is you.
Well, it is 100% on them. And you're asking for information you've already admitted you won't understand, so let's not pretend you know what "actual" information is. If you can't think about how many more matches are needed for a group of 100 players (minimum of 25), combined with the fact this is the most hyped and anticipated mode for **months** to put Jshredz comment into context then that is on you. It's not Epic's fault if you aren't taught reading and basic common sense.
His deaf what?
Please for the love of competency take your own advice.
So how are they going to explain to you what is going on without a technical explanation? They can't say how long those things will take, there's too many variables to have to work with. Do you think Epic likes people consistently hounding them and asking why they won't post an update? Of course not. If it was as simple as saying "Oh, we are going to do a reset for 5 minutes" we would already have that timeline
Shitty troll.
Funny how you'll reply to this guy but not me asking how oh didn't catch on after 2 to 3 times. Something tells me you wasted all of them on buyer's remorse instead of the accident you're trying to portray. The problem is that 12 year olds spam the board with stupid threads because they made bad choices.
Hopefully they don't refund his shit. There's a refund policy for 3 purchases with the idea you use them because you made an accidental purchase. Either OP is so dense he made the same mistake 4 times in a row or he's making it up - given he won't reply to any post from someone who understands the policy and is only replying to people like yourself who clearly haven't looked it up for themselves.
I'm sure they I'll respond with "read the refund faqs". And then they will tell you that maybe you shouldn't have wasted the first 3.
No. Maybe when it stop lying and deleting the comments where you admitted using the refunds on purchases you just didn't want you'll deserve some attention. But for now I hope your network crashes and stops you from making both idiotic purchases and threads
I'm sure you understand that with it being the largest game in the world with the most concurrent players they are treading in unknown waters when they are working with these scaling issues; especially when that's because their matchmaker is going into overdrive having to make like 15x the matches, right? Or was that just a snarky comment so you could brag to the other teens?
That's like saying what's the point of telling us what's wrong if people aren't going to read it? Like just because there's illiterate people such as yourself doesn't mean I don't want to understand a little more of the issue; just because I can't play a mode right away I'm not going to pull the diaper off and shit on the floor.
Yea, except the amount of complaints about Playground not being up is like 10x what the shotgun complaints were. And if you watch new, the shotgun threads are still there. Nobody has left.
&gt; Our next scheduled update is planned for 12pm Eastern Time. IT'S LITERALLY IN THE POST
No, I wouldn't waste my time on someone too dumb to think for themselves. Plus telling you something would be useless. I'd need to talk to the guy who you copy off of; otherwise that big ol' rock on them stumpy shoulders is gonna get overworked trying to process.
Ah, so in the afternoon is when you can make your own choices? Or is that when you're on less of an emotional rollercoaster? Either way, good luck to your family and coworkers. Morning has got to be a minefield.
You now, calling people stupid when you say *mute* instead of *moot* isn't going to really prove your point. Or is it the morning that stops you from knowing words too? They are tough and it's not like you have access to the internet. Keep trying to troll champ; you're doing well.
A quick look through your post history shows that if *you* think *you* know something it's clearly wrong. At least until you get out of the morning and can stop hating people.
Yea, the problem is just that there's so little/no reason to playthrough on the second to third times. Let's not pretend that there's a huge difference from one mission to strike to another (obviously there's the tanks and new zones, but a lot of it is more pewpewpew like we want), so when I get the choice of playing through the 5 CoO missions or jumping into my weekly strikes it's going to be strikes all the time. I'm A-OK with being able to make that choice and have everything sit around. What gets annoying was when Curse came out and I played through on my Warlock...but then my Titan couldn't do the Flashpoint because he didn't have Mercury unlocked yet. Like I get it, Destiny lore is that I have 2 separate guardians but it's like "C'mon Bungie", just at least give me the access that my other guardians have. It's not like running the campaign is hard or challenging or anything like that; it's just grindy to do it time and time again and there's not a lot of fun to it once you've been through. Even though I Day-1ed EVERYTHING from D1Y1 until now, I still have 0 verse weapons because I don't have enough fun playing with my warlock to grind with him and don't have the desire to play the last 3 missions of CoO to unlock them. on the Hunter that would get down. I like having Weekly things to do and reset; activities that give us a reason to keep coming back. I hope that with Forsaken they return to Y1 mentality and basically let all your guardians do what your furthest progression is.
It's not that I can't or won't; I just don't have a desire to. Like if I get on and play for an hour I would like to be able to run 2-3 strikes that I know I enjoy instead of derping through the Infinite Forest or getting the Valkyrie ready. I partially understand the change to make us do it all; I just wish they would make it be our choice. Once a character has completed Mercury- let all of our duders land and patrol there, even if we haven't done that 1 mission yet.
Apparently OP's parents didn't love him either. I don't know why y'all crave my attention, but go find another adult to pester. I'm not really a fan of children.
Did you even read what you typed or did the retard take over before you got that far? I mean Jesus Christ, 10 seconds to look over your shit isn't that hard. At least not if youre competent. Cute having your two profiles White Knight for each other, like the fact that one profile responded within a minute of a comment on the other wouldn't give it away. Silly little cunt.
I'm not disagreeing I think you should have to complete the campaign at some point to start doing extra curriculars. But make it like Y1, where you didn't have to do it 3x times. No one is excited to play through these DLC campaigns when half of them are the strikes that we play in the playlist, just with shitty rewards and not matchmaking. Yea, I can decide my own involvement; but Bungie made the decision how engaging that involvement is. So since they've made the decision to make a portion of that grind boring AF and not very much fun, I've made the decision to say I wish I didn't have to do it to have fun with the engaging portions.
My main problem is that the game just isn't engaging enough for me to want to suck it up and complete them. Not a knock against D2, I like that I have 5ish sets of things with 3 characters to do with my buddies. But if my choices are to play one of the DLC missions or jump over to Fortnite (or more recently Hulu) the other options will win 100% of the time. As much as I would like another activity to do, the idea of grinding not fun levels so I have access to a loot drop that might help me....the carrot just isn't enough. I'm not ticked at Bungie or anything, and it's nothing that will cause me to put down the game and walk away. But it would be nice to skip the boring once it's already been done.
I mean, he said he dropped 200 hours in D1 which would get someone to endgame for a bit. He never said he didn't do Nightfall, or Trials if it was out at that time. Same with Banner. The only endgame he said he didn't do was the raid(s). But with 200 hours of time in the game (and what, 5 hours of story?) he was clearly doing some of it.
That's not how time zones work.
Damn girl, go eat a Snickers. You're about to blow an aneurysm over someone disagreeing with you on a video game. However, thanks for adding to that whole child mentality. Keep screaming kiddo.
You may not be crapping on the community, but you're not really helping out to say "Hey, me too! I know it too! I mean isn't it obvious but I know toooooo!" If you know a PSA that gets posted you don't have to show off by going in and telling people you already knew it.
What kind of sherpa says "Isn't it obvious?". No wonder you need to link them to someone else if you're what they are stuck with.
It's for the same amount of content as Y1. It's literally the exact same model as D1, except TTK didn't have any DLCs.
Ok, so you Like to whine about having to pay for the games you want to play. Ok no problem. See we can make stupid passive-aggressive posts too.
Yea, and TTK was 40 euros. Thank you for agreeing there was a historical precedent in D1 for the pricing models to stay the same. You being disappointed in D2 has nothing to do with fair pricing for their product.
Good news, you don't have to re-buy it. Your copy of D2 isn't going to get removed from your system. You will have to pay for more content if you want to play it. Sorry that people put effort and time into creating something and deserve compensation for their efforts. Maybe when you start doing so you can stop complaining about having to spend money and spamming up the boards.
So shit you keep playing and are planning to keep playing? The only piece of shit is you. Please get it for once.
I like this Reddit but why can't some people figure out what on topic is?
Wait...coding isn't all EZPZ fixes? Damn!
Because purchased vbucks transfer, earned one do not. If you have 250 vbucks left over from an earlier purchase they will be there on all platforms. Made it to the next tier on your ps4? Those 100 vbucks will stay on just that platform
Oh really? Cite your sources bucko, anyone can pull made up shit out of their ass. Then look up the term "vocal minority" followed by a quick breeze over to "minority". Because you clearly aren't familiar with either. Dont confuse your ignorance with facts.
Why do tweens think being bored is noteworthy enough to broadcast? And if you were really that bored wouldn't you find something better to do with your life? Guess not.
Well, that's like saying I dont think a video game sub is the place to be a grammar nazi. Didnt stop you from being one. At least OP wasn't trying to be snide though.
Lol, you think u/mrsnuffle_ gets invited to parties? Fun people dont have to really on grammar to act better than someone else. Hell, they dont even act like they are better than the rest! Mr SniffSniffs doesnt need to worry about too many options on a Friday night.
Imagine if you could spend 5 minutes making a shitty photoshop and then Reddit white knights created all the marketing for you? They only do it because its successful, and part of the reason they keep getting views is because people think the smart thing to do is talk about and bring attention to someone instead of letting them wilt and die. Just imagine if this sub stopped giving free attention to stupid content creators.
Bullshit. Everyone know that this clickbaiters exist. You posting does jack shit besides give them free marketing and farm karma. Since you stated you're just trying to bring attention to the creator I can only assume you're either too stupid to understand free marketing or you really are just trying to help this guy get views. Either way, shitty form.
If you and your daughter are doing to keep playing then just wait for S7. It's fairly easy to make it to 100 if you have it from day 1; might as well use the purchase to get the most possible and have something to play "for" throughout the next season. We've only got like 3 or 4 days left in 6 so a battle pass would feel a little wasted.
You "don't hardly ever laugh"? So if hardly ever laughing means you don't laugh often, and you dont really do that, then it must mean that you're constantly laughing at them? That doesnt seem too weird. It's also not weird that someone wouldn't understand a double negative.
No, as someone below said you still have to earn them. All you'll get immediately is what tier you are at then - so season 7 you'll have the full time to try and make it to 100 wheareas right now you'll only have a few days to get your remaining 54.
The bottom one lists credit to you. Someone has a personal vendetta that's pushed out the ability to read. Bad troll.
If you buy it just make sure to log on daily to get your challenge even if you don't play - you can stack 3. Reroll one per day if you dont like it or it's a PITA to do. You can usually take advantage of LTMs to knock out the weekly challenges and full week completions have given extra tiers. All 3 of those combined makes it pretty easy to hit 100 if you pay attention to it and start from the beginning.
What about straight mods?
Omega was back when you had to hit the level in the season to get the rewards. It was partially due to the outcry of the grind required that we now get to do it across seasons.
Get better internet? Dont know what else to recommend.
So you've played for about a year and dont post on the sub except now, to try and drum up views? Yea, I think I'll pass till you feel like contributing.
What else do you want us to say? Your options are: fix it, deal with it or quit. Since you apparently can't fix it, I guess that means be like the multitude of other people who deal with shitty connection or go find a single player game to play. Lol it's not that complicated.
I mean for fucks sake, you've been whining about your ping for a while now. Time to be and adult and make the choice to suck it up or find a new game to play.
I recommend you look up the word subjective, and you're going to wonder for the rest of your life why people like things you dont. To answer your question, there's a bunch of us who dont give a shit about the onesie. You just don't know it because we don't have to post about not caring.
.....he literally never once said he streams. Good help though? I mean at least you tried your best and had fun or something.
But did he even try? "I saw a mechanic in a different game, so here is concept art from neither to lazily show what I mean"
WHY ARE YOU COMPLAINING INSTEAD OF PLAYING HIGH EXPLOSIVES? THE ANSWER IS LITERALLY RIGHT THERE
It makes sense if you spend 5 seconds to think about things. No surprise I have to explain it to you. You're getting pissy and moany that an Instagram page is used someone else's concepts without giving them due credit. Given you've admitted your saw other people bring this up before, **and you're copying their ideas without credit**, you're just as much of a content stealing douche as the people you are trying to troll on. If that's not simple enough for you to get don't whiny at me, go complain to the people who were supposed to teach you.
Yea...that's the point. You're going full sweaty on proving why this isnt a smart thing to do in game, which was never the point of the post. There's a clear difference between "Look at what happens" and "Check out my cool new strategy".
Maybe it's a euphemism? Like how your username is Proctologist instead of "Asshole".
Weird flex but ok
Weird flex but ok
Weird flex but ok
Please, for the love of God, stop reposting the same old tired shit. At least add some sort of engagement on the tweaks they have tried. Just put a little effort in. Everyone knows you should try at least a smidge.
Yea, the guy who cant figure out there's a spectrum between flashing titties and and E game is the right one to lecture about ratings. Sure thing champ.
Eh, it's not just art that is suffering from u/snipersnipesurface. I mean shit, he cant even figure out why he thinks something is sad. This thread was nothing more than the laziest karma farm today.
I feel like that booty must be packed with everything you're pulling out of it.
Parents who didnt slap the stupid out of their kids.
It is for PC, switch, Xbox and PS4. On X and Ps4 you just need to pull it up in the store and download, the others should work the same as well. The game itself is free but has in game purchases for purely cosmetic gear.
There's a fine line between abuse and teaching a kid a lesson about acting like an imbecile. Unfortunately we are stuck with a generation of retards because parents are too self-conscious to address their paint eaters.
Whoa whoa whoa. It's not all u/pilotoktn 's fault. At some point their parents said "You know what, good enough" and no one cared enough to argue differently. He cant evaluate the life choices that someone has made for him. Hell if its outside the realm of scooping peanut butter in his hands I'm unsure he can conceptualize.
And if we weren't stuck with dumbass SJWs like you who literally replied two two separate comments....one thinking this was funny and the other going full neckbeard. You might be too dumb to read who you're replying to, but I'm not inept enough to miss that. Maybe once you're out of middle school you'll stop being such a shit troll.
At that point they need need to start hitting all the religions that are "small". Judaism only has approx 15 million practitioners in the world while Buddhism and Islam are practiced by more peoples. If we're going to ask for anyone to be represented next it should be larger chunks of the pie rather than smaller ones. Why devote your resources to something a small group wants instead of a larger one?
It's got no pertinence whatsoever. u/bluefingerz just wanted to show off what happened when you get 15 years of coal instead of things like books.
That's not really fair reasoning. If your argument is that skins shouldn't happen because they are associated with a religion then we would have never seen the Merry Marauder or Crackshot. Are they restricted to one religion? No. But I guarantee 98% of people would say they are "Christmas Skins" as opposed to "Holiday Skins".
No, but I'm also not 5 and don't read magazines that make money off of fart jokes. Based just on the layout of the page you've shot I'm expecting this to be the tweeniest of tween boy magazines. As someone who doesnt get this magazine regularly I'm already unsurprised by the fart jokes; as someone who follows the publication I dont get why you are any different.
What you should be asking yourself is why OP is surprised to find a fart joke in a publication he clearly reads on the regular.
Nah, once you get over that age of 18 farts aren't funny. This was clearly edited by 15 year old.
In back to back games last night my squad complete disparity. One of them had 3 teams (including a solo guy) left after the 3rd storm. The next had like 22 as the storm was rotating. Later in the match and more people? Blah
Because most posters are the jealiest of jellies. If we could get paid to "sit on our ass" we all would. I mean shit, getting paid to play? Fuck yea. So when that jealousy rears its head people rely on talking smack to belittle someone else instead of figuring out how to get there themselves.
I only consider try hard to be an insult when it's used towards people who game casually. I constantly call my best bud a try hard because he "cares" about the outcome. Myself and another dude waited 20 minutes for him to take third last night; whereas I would have killed myself with 95 left (when we joined). Do I call him a bitch as much as possible for "try hard"ing? Fuck yea. Do I really care? Fuck no. If people want to care about how they do in a game then more power to them. I've got enough brain damage from work that I only care about fun.
Its cute, I always see people say "Games am casual" like their perspective is the only one that matters. If I missed where you showed that the majority dont care about their performance then please point it out but it seems like you're just taking your beliefs as fact, not opinion. Given I actually agree with your point you might want to shore up your sources before a disagree-r shows up.
.....so your first thing to "engage the community in a meaningful way" is to ask what a scrim lobby is after saying you dont touch the game? Why ask then? More importantly, why should someone waste their time answering? I feel like more and more redditors dont actually think of what they are mashing on the keyboard.
A lobby for scrims.
I dunno...how does it feel to be the guy that misses the point?
Cool. I'm going to assume that the only people mention him are his alt accounts and people too stupid to realize giving someone attention is exactly what they want. But you keep teaching him a lesson with your free marketing. I'm sure he's got a good reason to stop the clickbait when idiots like you give him free views. Why did critical thinking stopped getting taught in schools?
When can we ask them if they passed elementary school and can spell "they're". You need to spend less time making assumptions about video games and more time trying to read a book.
I'm guessing you haven't played since that time then. No issue with moving on but please dont present random thought as fact.
I'm not trying to say anything. I'm just relaying what you like to show off.
Sooo... do you have anything to add? All I've read is a generic statement from someone trying too hard to get that Reddit dick wet.
More or less annoying than the Redditors who like to give him free publicity?
Check OP post history, has a link to etsy. Dont see Crackshot up there but some other prime pieces
