Just random kids, hers are definitely on the boat. But the second she put them on the boat, everyone knew she was going to die. I swear the Night's King only turned up because the world demanded she die for being too predictable.
Ser Gregor? Ser Gregor is dead, we all saw it, they even sent his skull to Dorne as proof dammit! I have however heard there's this new knight on the scene called Ser Robert Strong, I bet he stands up for Truth, justice, and the incestuous way. *looks side to side shiftily*
Next season just opens with him on a gold throne with black trim picking his gold grill with Longclaw.
Hehe, cooldown... geddit?
If, many seasons from now, they kill The Night's King, and nobody tries to shotgun his horse, i'll be severely disappointed.
Can you imagine being the White Walkers though? Just full on living, forever, untouchable by the mortals, and then boom, the one thing that can fucking kill you turns up, and some human has made it his bitch and is riding it while it melts your asses.
A1) In your example, unless you're employing that researcher, they still don't have to give you shit. They don't have to even acknowledge the flaw exists, and if you attempt to prove it, we've seen in very recent news they can and will blacklist you from flying as a potential risk. So not only is it not comparable, it doesn't have the outcome you're expecting either. 2) The EULA is a legally binding document. This wasn't something they just shat out and threw onto the front page, it was crafted by legal professionals for the explicit purpose of covering their ass. And while the sale of digital GAMES and AUDIO. An account as part of an online-only experience remains the property of the games creators, because at no point do you actually own a license to hold a copy of the game, as you do with other digital media; you rent an account, or in the case of League, they let you use one for free as long as they're okay with you using one. 3) Game currency has no financial exchange value. In other words, once you own the currency, you have no right or ability to trade it back. The currency itself HAS a value, but only between yourself and Riot. in the same way that a coupon you have for x off at a restaurant is worth x, but in real terms the coupon is not classed as having a financial value. I don't just write this shit without knowing what i'm talking about.
It's whoever manages to kill every other contender by this point XD
The other sword wasn't sharpened nor a full sized blade. It lacks additional weight and a cutting edge, which would focus the amount of pressure exerted on the blade into a smaller area. I don't doubt that it wouldn't be cleft in twain immediately, however I don't feel the video in question accurately represents the probability of the sword breaking.
Yeah, it's kinda bugged me that this sort of gladiatorial combat wasn't espoused more in the series. Even if you're using slaves, which many Gladiators were (technically they sold themselves into a type of slavery to their combat master, at least initially) you don't waste the good merchandise. Why have a man die in a fight once, when he can fight another 20 times and still give a good show? Sure, some are fodder, but even the slaves can be more valuable alive than dead.
I just want to throw out that, after the end of this episode, what I expect to find next episode was called in advance; http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/375l8f/s5_postpremiere_discussion_507_the_gift/crktluf
Personally, I'd rather have 975 skins with particle effects, but it's each to their own I guess.
Moobeat's S@20 notes indicate there IS a sound effect associated with his cleaver but a bug has disabled it at the moment, at least in the video he posted. What that sound effect is I don't know but I'd say it's most likely a twongy sound of some kind. EDIT: Your wish is their prescient command, here's a link to the sound - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muDSNkV3lyA&amp;feature=youtu.be
Yeah because what Riot really want to do is give Disney's legal team a collective orgasm.
And a white Chroma for the Mario reference.
Hang on, you go take a look at that splash art again, and look me in the eye, with a straight face, and tell me he doesn't look demonic.
He's one of them, he knows the pain of having to pee sitting down. They weren't gonna challenge a brother in blood.
Granted it was an extremely prolonged nudity scene but as a somewhat veteran actor, and gen her nudity scenes in 300, I wouldn't consider it totally unthinkable. I do agree though that the actual content of the scene could easily have put her off and that's fair enough id totally understand that. I don't think she owes the fans anything, but I also think it's a bit ridiculous to refuse to do a scene you would've done or dos do a few years ago because you've decided you're above that now. I'm not saying "this is clearly what she did" just that as a hypothetical itd be a bit hmmph
Nah they'll still be around next season.
You've no idea what you missed. I was expecting it and am used to that sort of gore and even I was sat there shouting "Jesus Christ. Fucking hell!".
"Not like they would give skins away for no reason" you mean like they did at Christmas?
I think you might have had a different monopoly to the rest of us. In the UK at least, the monopoly set was a very simple "get all 2/3 colours, stations whatever, and you will win X Prize" but there was always a specific ticket, e.g. Mayfair, that would only produce or distribute roughly the number of prizes there were. There was no subsequent draw unless something went wrong in a big way; if you had all red or all yellow properties you won that prize. End of.
Some of us just like the Pool Party skins. I intend to get the bundle either way and I don't play Draven or Mundo, and don't even own Zac yet. But I like the skins so why not.
I work, I have some spare cash, and I'm working to unlock each champion eventually. Zac is osomeone I refunded a year ago because I didn't get him, but my play has evolved since then and now is the time. Same goes for Draven; I'm trying to expand my horizons and I like to at least have on skin on a champion if I own them, especially given I enjoy playing a fair bit of ARAM. There's only 1 or 2 champions where I will always buy their new skin, and before now I've only really used RP to buy new release champions with their bundle, I mostly use IP. Besides, it all goes into a game I enjoy, I spent £90 on Battlefield 4 and barely played it, so I'm not too fussed about putting money into a game I'm actually enjoying XD.
Sorry, did you just accuse Riot of supporting segregation by keeping regions geographically separate to maximise player experience on their servers? You just played a race card I didn't even know existed right now. It's not like you're prohibited from forming an account on any other server.
Because it's going to be financially sound to fire the long term graphical development team and hire a bunch of short-term server engineers who in all likelihood don't want/need a temporary contract position if they're of a standard to get the repair done ASAP. And then get rid of them when they're done and have to hire a whole bunch of new artistic talent from a field that talks to each other a lot and have already seen a bunch of their colleagues fired for doing nothing wrong. Great plan!
Sorry, I only have a needlessly large one. Best of luck though!
Rengar, Nidalee or Fisherman Fizz are also acceptable.
Even the later comments in which he makes veiled discussions about champion kit?
Where's you get that idea? There's been no confirmation of it ending anywhere, I for one would assume that it would continue until 9am PST everywhere, unless there's a reliable source that says otherwise.
Something like 6 seconds according to the PBE but it's not confirmed. He's not an assassin or fighter, he's pure tank. If you overextend on him the slow/stun combo and his swallow will let him wear you down while his E prevents you from doing the same, he basically forces extended engages.
I'll judge you on the fact that you feel the need to go guns blazing about a simple point that a lot of those who complain to Lyte are not telling the full picture. Your attitude is the exact sort that gets people into trouble; I'm right and no amount of experience or expertise could possibly contradict that, and I should condescend anyone who disagrees with me. Take a chill pill about this shit and maybe you'll keeps clean account and even enjoy the game more.
Well here's a link of him actually saying it; http://picosong.com/gJmb/ It's pretty much as I was trying to describe it, with an elongated sound in the middle instead of a short sharp 'o'
Actually they recently started putting some 'fluff' animations into The rift when certain skin/champion conditions are met. It's probably not too hard to use this principle to apply minion skins under set conditions too.
Glad to hear there are other people like this floating through bot matches. My girlfriend and her best friend have been dipping their toes into league via bots, and the friend had a right asshole in one of the intermediate matches flaming because she wasn't particularly skilled (granted she probably shouldn't have skipped beginner bots but hey, it's fucking bots y'know?) People should just chill in the game in general, but they should REALLY chill when it's co-op mode.
Pretty much. If you want to get involved in a competitive scene with established ethical guidelines and poaching restrictions, not the best idea to ignore them and assume that because you're not YET a member they'll ignore it and let you in.
Actually it's more akin to saying "If you want to move to America but we have solid evidence like previous convictions for something we consider a crime while you were in France, chances are we will stop You from moving to America." Which happens all the time. The only difference is that the 'evidence' in this case isn't something he did that is punishable where he is NOW, but that doesn't mean it isn't unacceptable where he wants to be.
As far as I'm aware it auto-pings where he's going on the minimap when he casts it
Why would you not want Santa Bard with a beard like that! Having said that I also want Oh TannenBraum so y'know...
Alistair's passive is aoe magic damage for a few seconds after he uses an ability which would attribute the kill to him not trynd.
From the image it looks like part of your tail will clip the ground through the extended landing gear. Once the wheels are horizontal the rest of the craft tilting would cause a clip, and if the game detects that it used to spawn at a slightly higher position to resolve the problem. It definitely used to do this before 1.0 and I doubt they removed it as before that you could end up with some weird bouncing issues as the plane was forced out of the ground. So in all likelihood your changes have raised/shortened the back end just enough to remove the ground connection.
Throwing this out incase it is actually still an issue when I get on later today; When I was last playing I spent awhile trying to land a VTOL dropship on the Mun made with the Extraplanetary Bases mod. It was badly balanced and I went through a bunch of attempts before it finally survived landing and I got it docked to my base. But for some reason even when the ship was totally stopped, and when it no longer existed and had been joined to the base, I kept getting the 'cannot save collision course' warning as I tried to exit. The game was still auto saving after certain actions and it saved with the base attached together but I'm wondering if this is something I'm gonna keep having or if anyone else has experienced it. My only other vessels are 3 satellites in orbit around the Mun all at aoe and happy.
Same, I never cared about getting out there until I had a long-term plan, I wanted a solid base set up on the Mun with easy tourist travel In my brain before I stepped foot outside Kerbins SOI and something always got in the way. Mostly a decision that I could make this look better and id start again from scratch.
She was picked at a time when she was a solid and useful pick both competitively and in standard play, but skin development takes 2-3 months. They can't just drop everything and half that time because design doesn't work that way. She was an understandable pick at the time she was chosen but when the season ends everyone just thinks about the last six weeks and decides that's what the meta has been all this time.
Sounds like it's gonna be a Pokemon trainer then...
As well as Thresh, Karthus Hecarim and Mordekaiser representing the Four Horsemen.
Cow goes moo, Frog goes croak, Horse goes neigh, Dog goes Ed...Ward....
I actually really agree with this; pinks have a cap but there also visible and provide a TON of utility, and last forever. Blue trinket have a ton of utility, last forever and are visible. So I'd say the basic green wards generated by yellow/SS/jungle items should have a 3 minute timer, their basic invisibility, and have no cap. That seems more reasonable than the doublefuck we have now.
I want him to finish and I look forward to it but we're used to waiting. Besides nobody wants to put that much stress on him he's not exactly young and fit and we still need to get another book out of him!
Might wanna throw this out to the League of Legends and DOTA crowds as well. They may not be MMOs but they grab a huge cross section of people and will give you a good contrast in player experience I think.
I would say his death is a direct consequence of Joffrey being a douche. If he had refused to change, he was going to die ANYWAY. He chose to admit guilt for something he didn't believe and compromise his beliefs to protect his family, and STILL died when he was meant to go to the Wall. If anything I'd say he showed character growth before being shortened.
I haven't seen anyone else mention her so I'm going to; Margaery Tyrell. When it comes to one-dimensional pretty much all we actually SEE of Margaery is power-hungry slut. We only hear of her third-hand after her arrest but she does pretty much just sleep her way from one King to the next all series.
Well, the only people he actually trusted in KL after Robert died were his own men and Littlefinger who his wife vouched for, and was what really fucked him over. I guess you can extend that to trusting his daughter, and Cersei to not risk her children's lives. He was certainly stubborn for a lot of his time, but I'd also say his changes, both after he was injured and after he was arrested make him more than one dimensional.
As a UK buyer are you sure that you're not gonna end up with an extra £100 VAT for a luxury item, plus the £15-20 Royal Mail, DHL etc charge you just for the luxury of being able to pay your VAT. Because I've been shafted by that particular pole before and it put me off ordering before I know what the costs come to in total.
Seen it and spent it. Tbh that's probably why I'm close to just ordering the damn thing despite the sour taste the cost leaves me. I just spent £1600 on a new rig what's another £500 for a totally bew experience.
It's also built on almost 10 years of tech development. The FIRST iPhone cost as much, and look what that could do.
I was actually agreeing with you, that £ $600 for a 1st gen consumer model isn't unrealistic given the price of other first-Gen tech. The first iPhone did a lot at the time but comparatively little to what you get for the same cost now. But realistically there is NO experience comparison to the Rift outside of direct competition from other consumer VR headsets of which we have NO price point beyond the same level of price promise we got for the Rift. I'm on your side.
I'm gonna make a preorder and see what happens with the Vive. I might change my mind with Steam being a more established gaming platform, and it'd be just like Valve to make Portal 3 Vive-only and shatter my dreams.
Dunno why everyone thinks it's more likely his body completely defies logic (speaking of which I pretty sure whichever way your head naturally faces is your front regardless) when a much simpler explanation is the character has a pronounced hunchback. Which, given his obsession with beauty would have an ironic twist to it.
Is it actually gonna be $30 when you start selling on the day?
Probably more worth it now than the pre-order physical Imperial Edition I have. Art book is pretty though.
Surely you just need to find something that isn't broken down like this upon consumption. Maybe milk? It enters a solution but is still milk and you can probably suck down milk fast enough to make more than 1lb sit in your stomach even with digestive enzymes breaking down some of it.
Did the same as you, I've come back this weekend, started fresh (kept my original character because he had all the motifs which dropped so easily in those early days) and I haven't found the game empty at all. one of the great things about ESO is the multiple instancing of cities, so theres probably fewer of them now but they LOOK populated still, and there's still those around talking from time to time.
I never knew I needed this until now.
Are you a new player? If so I'm assuming you've had to register an ESO account first, which generally has an email confirmation part. Is it this email that's not coming through, or is it a device verification code email? If you've not had any issue setting up an ESO account through the website make sure you can login there using the details you provided them to ensure the account is live. If you bought through steam (I haven't so I don't know how they've got it set up) possibly check your steam account to make sure it's tied to the correct email address?
Except WoW is really just as bad at it as ESO. Especially nowadays. Sure the group content throws out pronouns for the whole group, but in all of the single player content you're still basically recognised as a single generic hero that everyone else also occupies; this is even more pronounced in MoP, Warlords and will be in Legion. And there's a perfectly valid reason for it; nobody wants to complete a game where every quest is being treated as something any other sod could have done. If your quest givers all told you to do what they want or piss off because there'll be another hero along in a minute you'd get sick of it really fast.
"Spends three hours saving the Duke and avenging his wife" oh here, have this ring and a few gold pieces, now fuck off I've got a fiefdom to run." "Spends an hour saving a farmer from some sheep" oh thanks kind stranger, have these as a reward *gives legendary underwear of the forgotten Emperors*
I have to throw out that the idea behind the canvas bag is that the material itself is recyclable compared to the plastic used for disposable bags. They're not MEANT to hit the environment to cause that impact.
Cats are cats no matter how big, right down to the paw on the neck that says "fucking hold still you're still not clean yet!"
I don't know who made this but this just sounds both ridiculous and awesome. I must have it.
The psychological studies and predictions from both Allies and Axis during the wars. 1) if you were a conscientious objector during the war you could volunteer for non-combat roles includ By medical experiments. These were often used to discover the effects that specific environmental impacts could have on otherwise healthy individuals, including: starvation, dehydration, sleep deprivation, withholding of vitamins and minerals, measurements of calorific intake, psychological torture and so on. Done on VOLUNTEERS, often overlooked because they refused to fight although the results of the studies had great effect on our understanding of human tolerances. These next two I assure you to be true as I've read the original transcripts but don't have links to hand but I'm sure a bit of googling will turn up; - American psychological profiles of Hitler concluded in 1942 he would commit suicide rather than be captured, and were actually pretty accurate about a number of other choices he made. - German Psychologists were really worried about the effects of British POWs on German morale. While others have documented how Hitler was pissed and wanted to ally with Britain against Russia, a lot of Germans viewed Britain positively. The problem was British POWs both officers and general soldiers were cocky and arrogant bastards with stiff upper lips. They mostly kept good order while captive, took every opportunity to mock their captors, refused work duty demanded breaks and generally carried such an air of confidence it would make German soldiers disconcerted. That and flirting with the local German milkmaids. Seriously. One of the examples they used is that of German soldiers threw spare cigarettes to soldiers in the camps other soldiers would scrabble for them, and the British would turn their backs on them unless handed to them properly. We were cocky motherfuckers even as prisoners.
Difference being by time the US was pulled directly into the conflict, Japanese tied to the Axis had already been solidified. By time the US had become a combative bation the Sino-Japanese conflict had already become entwined in the larger European conflict.
Same, I couldn't live without my Naga, especially as I'm a left-handed mouse user and they are literally the only company that do a mouse that both has that many buttons and is left-handed.
Oh damn, I am a fool. Wait you want me to unsubscribe? That's a bit harsh I only just got here!
Pretty sure my brain loves sweetness too. As I love sweetness, even if I know it's low calorie, and I am my brain. Disclaimer; I'm aware I am not the be all and end all of science. I merely feel it right to express my love of sucrose and all other deliciously sweet flavours that won't kill me.
Whenever you load a game it just opens with a screen saying 'congratulations, you beat the thing. Have some pretty pictures.'
It's the way the cat looks back up and swipes at it as if to say 'no I wanna go back in there!' So typical.
Bitcoin is the best advertising currency of all time. Because it will never SOUND expensive.
I found Filmore online and researched it all at some point last year. I was so happy. It was one of my favourite shows especially as a fan of police procedurals. EDIT: also if there's one thing I'm taking away from this its that Disney are missing out on a lot of money for relatively little effort not releasing all their 90s and 2000's cartoons as box sets for £20-40 a pop.
Welcome to Alfred Nobel's life. He founded the Nobel prizes after he read a premature eulogy publish erroneously that lambast him as the horrific architect of thousands of deaths for inventing Dynamite, which also had tons of uses in structural engineering, making it much safer to use and transport explosive compounds for tunnelling and large scale demolition.
So for Japan, a country with an abysmal rate of natural resources, a negative interest rate can cause a major problem. One of the biggest issues with the Japanese economy is that it relies on both its imports and exports to remain stable at the same time without being able to turn to internal production to relieve the financial burden; they can only be competitive for exporting goods if they can still afford to import raw materials, as their own supply of so many of the materials essential to their exports is so low.
From day one I've been clear with my fiancé that games are a big part of my life and who I am. She games but her passion is Pokemon and sometimes the Sims so it's nowhere near as devotedly as me. But it means she understands when I say 'doing fuck all this weekend X is coming out' because every time there's a new Pokemon game she just disappears for a week. We get each other, and I'd always consider it the backbone of our relationship that we understand each others passions even when we don't share them, and support each other in them.
And that's why I like cats. "If they actually cared about it." You aren't training a cat to do shit unless it wants to do it. Dogs think "get the ball! Get a treat!" Cats think "no. Give me a treat. GIVE. ME. A. TREAT. Excellent. You may leave human. For now." I love cats because they're assholes. And they're not ashamed of it.
I always heard it was the other way around. Leaving cutlery in an X indicated you were still eating (as they were still positioned for your hands to take up again) while upon completion you would place them both together and they could point in a direction indicating satisfaction.
Light in a vacuum as a guess, universal constant and all that jazz. I don't remember the actual displayed speed numbers etc but I remember when I ha e seen them I felt the speed of light made sense for the space scenes.
It's possible there's something in there information wise they don't want going public outside of their new schedule. Somethibg about mechanics or lore they want to keep within their launch window.
Ehh, she's GOOD. But I don't know how she would stand against Bumi. I'd say it's pretty close. She is technically gifted due to her extra sensitivity and that did let her discover metal bending, but Bumi had a lot of academic knowledge on bending too.
My personal list; Saving Private Ryan, when he's stood over the grave with his family and asks his wife of he's been a good man. I'm in no way involved with or support the military, but damn that moment makes me tear up. A lot of people mention the Futurama episode with the dog. But the episode Game of Tones hits me much harder. A short synopsis; while being forced to relive the memories of his last day in 1999 all Fry wants to do is have one last conversation with his mother, just for some closure for himself, he gets stopped from doing this and is visibly upset. Later, as a gift to thank him for his help, Nibbler connect Fry's consciousness with a dream his mother has shortly after he goes missing, giving him an actual chance to say goodbye, even if only in her dream. This made me really sad imagining how it must feel to know that he just disappeared and she never knew what happened or anything. I can't not cry. Bridge to Terabitihia. I got physically angry when she died in the film, having never read the book. I was enjoying it so much and it was such a nice.story then bang. Dead because of that prick.
Riot Penguin and Baconhawk left as well.
Started a new job, working nights only me and one other worker who was always provided by an agency; no consistency and no responsibility. Was totally thrown in at the deep end. Given one night on with an experienced worker then just expected to get on with it. After six weeks without a word my manager has me come in early with 5 hours notice so they can do my first review (meant to have them every 2 weeks). She then proceeds to chew me out for a ton of stuff I've done 'wrong' with no consistency as to what my response should be in situations, and getting aggressive when I defend myself, then accusing me of fabricating paperwork. All this happened on my birthday. I worked out during that shift that the paperwork she accused me of was 100% accurate and I could prove that she was lying. At that point I decided there was no way in hell I was staying because I had no idea what her next bullshit would be. I contacted the agency that supplied my coworkers, joined them on the sly, worked part time for a bit and found a better job with better pay through working for them with the agency. Turns out everyone in the area knows exactly what she's like too, as I started working other places with the agency and they all knew the stories.
You say that as if there's ever been a world where we didn't think eating meat was a good idea. We are talking about economies of scale. On a planet of 7 billion people we kill, by your numbers, just over 8 animals a YEAR. That's 365 days, or one animal every 45 days. Sure the number sounds big, but when you take into account how overpopulated the planet is, they're actually not that unreasonable.
Sorry but this is bugging me; your complaint is casual gaming through apps such as mobile or Facebook etc. I get that. But then you say 'but not gaming on anything other than a phone/console/pc.' you've just listed basically every video game device. What the fuck else do you expect people to play on? Or do you mean you object to casual gamers so write off anything outside of their Skinner boxed apps?
Sounds more like you've got some shitty spouses around you.
Short explanation to save OP the trouble (assuming this is the one I'm thinking of) Stick 5 monkeys in a room that has a ladder with a treat at the top. Spray all the monkeys with water whenever one tries to grab the treat. Replace a monkey, and watch as the new monkey attempts to grab the treat, only to be attacked by the others who don't want to be sprayed. Rinse and repeat until all the monkeys have been replaced. You end up with a group of monkeys who attack each other if anyone tries to go for the treat, even though they have no idea WHY they're attacking, because none of them have ever been sprayed with water for going for it.
In regards to the dairy thing, I've always drank thick milkshakes whenever I have a sore throat. Any otber cold drinks don't help but a thick milkshake taken slowly can give great relief for awhile.
Part of the issue is cultural. For some women, there's a lot of pressure to fulfill certain needs of a family, especially around children, that can have a negative impact on things such as their willingness to take on additional hours or responsibility. There's also potential bias away from women with children when it comes to providing promotions or even general employment. That sort of discrimination is illegal in some places and shitty to most people but unfortunately it does happen. The point of the dispute is that saying women get paid less than men sounds like, hour for hour, they're earning less than their male counterparts. In reality it's much more complex, but the reality is that the gender bias that affects earning potential is not one of pay scale, but rather the perceived role of women within a family unit.
I get your interest in this actually. I was reading a case a few months ago where a woman has validly overthrown her mother's will, in which she was explicitly disinherited. She was able to do this and receive a fairly large sum because they successfully argued that when her father died in an accident at work, and her mother received a large settlement, her father would have wanted that settlement to carry down to his daughter. At the time of his death she was very young, if not still in-womb (I can't remember for certain). So they argued that her mother's will prevented her from receiving assets her father was known to have wanted her to benefit from, leading her to receive something like 30-40% of the estate back from the charity it had been donated to.
Check their twitters, it's now cawwsizzle and the penguin side I believe. They've both definitely gone though, I was shocked too.
Aye but my point in this was that despite his obvious strength he's far from his physical peak. Can any of us really imagine the extent of his strength when he was even in his fifties or sixties?
Timestamps show these were from late at night. Seems this is the history he found on a work computer when he got in this morning.
Rowling has answered this one; you have to sort of emotionally process the death for the effect to occur. Deaths that you don't process or have awareness of when they happen don't have the right emotional Impact apparently.
This... is a very good point. I remember this myself, it seems a bit counterintuitive.
At the end of OOTP wasn't madeye dueling three of them at once?
Slight correction; Mrs Norris saw it in a reflection. Justin saw it through Nick, who cant die twice. We never really find out how they fix Nick.
Well, he probably had to train himself to sweat, then train himself to not sweat while trying to sweat. It's hard being a bhuddist when you have to teach yourself bodily functions to control :(
He spent $60,000 buying debt that had a value of $15,000,000 if he had successfully claimed all of it back from the debtor. Thats the figure being put out by most anyway.
Homeless sector. Fire department. Law enforcement (if you're not an asshole). Aid worker. Childcare. Teaching. There's a couple without giving it any thought that are specifically about helping others.
I used to be like this until I worked for a supermarket. For awhile I was only assigned to trolleys outside. If it wasn't for a knee injury that made the shifts walking on asphalt painful I'd have stuck with it instead of being on a checkout. People leaving trolleys all over the place gave me something to do, and being able to saunter across the carpark to collect a trolley and idly push it back was very relaxing.
Jon Richardson springs to mind for me, he's a UK comedian who fully owns being weird, anti social and somewhat obsessive, and admits the fact that some of the stupid stuff that happens is because of this.
Nah. They've made the slot longer as needed before now without any issues. It's part of why they schedule it so late; between the episode and thronecast it's the end of their nightly programming block, they can gain the rest of the time back during early hours. That's assuming they don't just fill it out to a 30 minute extension which is also possible.
Personally I'd be happy to see a slight reduction on how long the stun is coupled with fan the hammer being less accurate. Unless he basically stands in me and guarantees all six hit, they should not kill me, and he shouldn't have time to reload and shoot again without the stun wearing off. Either fan needs a slight cooldown or a long reload time afterwards.
I had to wait until I got home. Worth.
You're still alive. Information does not mean that an organism remains in its current form.
You get more if you're insured, it's not all from the government, they can just back claim some of the expenses as relief.
The great thing about mathematics is what you believe is irrelevant to the fact that it is true.
It's unlikely. Being honest here, that's a bug. Sure you could accuse people of exploiting it but there is also a legitimate reason to place them there as it totally closes off one path.
Throwing it out because it's a rarity that nobody will get. The original series of Zoids had a blonde chick in that I found very hot as a 12 year old dude. Haven't seen it in the past decade so I couldn't confirm.
Thankfully I've only ever experienced their fried chicken.
No, it CAN be proven. That's sort of the point. It exists, correctly, regardless of whether you believe in it.
A Knights Tale, when Will goes off on one about life as a peasant and how he and Jocelyn would have to live if he chose to run now. Always liked that scene. Also, same film, the parts where Paul Bettany does Will's introductions like a promo announcer. They're witty and well presented, and I love the bit where he gets the whole crowd worked up and then just says to himself 'God im good.' Actually, just most of that film. It has a couple of really good moments and deserves a watch.
TBH the UK is just as bad for this. I'd say the difference is that in the UK you get a lot more universities that offer everything but have extremely good departments for certain things. Like we have a local university that only actually became independently accredited a few years ago (it used to be classed as a satellite campus for a larger university). It's not a great university by any stretch. But there's two or three departments that it's considered excellent for, such as nursing.
Sorry to burst your bubble, but a Seagull and a Sea Eagle are two very different things. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gull https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_Eagle
What is: Holes
Our young protagonist is brutally separated from his family, and begins a desperate journey home, despite not knowing the way. Along the road he makes new friends, endures hardship, risks his life and battles the elements, all to save keep his friends safe and get home, and see his mother again. I'm intentionally making these harder than they need to be :P
Pretty much this. The Hound has the two things needed to beat Gregor; the sheer strength to stand toe-to-toe with him in a direct fight, and the martial ability to out-fight him. Nobody else in the kingdom really has both of these available to them. Like Bronn says in Season 2; he has to be lucky the whole time, the Mountain only has to be lucky once.
I work in a shelter, we often get donations of bread from local bakeries, also sandwiches from a few places. Left over buffet food from functions etc. We arent an open shelter, we have residential clients only. Had someone trying to claim we were making them sick by giving them the option to take food that had been freshly donated that night. He got shut down pretty quickly when we advised him that he didn't have to eat any of the donations nor was it served as a meal; we just kept it in an area for the rest of the evening to help themselves.
Steam Engine, invented by the Greeks and used mostly as a toy or curiosity. You filled a small ball on the end of a rotating bar with water and lit the small wick beneath it and the heat would boil the water, causing it to spurt out as Steam and spin around. Sadly the idea was never combined with other inventions to form anything useful or our technology could be several hundred years ahead by now.
Adaptation of World War Z The film was okay as a standalone zombie flick. But it's nothing even related to the book beyond the depiction of Israel closing its borders and a verbatim description of 'The Tenth Man'. Having read the book, I would love a miniseries so much. A faux documentary would be amazing if done properly.
Best description I've ever heard. As an example, me and my partner have been together almost 3 years and in that time we have only had one fight. She came over for the weekend, and I spent a lot of my time on my computer. But whole she was over, she slept two solid 12 hour nights, and before getting onto and after every game or two I would always ask her 'are you okay? Do you want me to stop for a bit?' and she would say 'no. It's fine' As I'm driving her home she tells me she felt like she's not spent much time with me because I spent so much time gaming. I blew my lid. I got very upset, not just angry, but actually crying in frustration because I had been very, very explicit in frequently making sure she was okay with me gaming, and because I work nights our sleep patterns also didn't sync up well, so I not only slept less but spent a lot of my 'awake' hours lying next to her awake. Now. Either of us could have said nothing. She could have not said anything at all, or i could've just said 'okay'. In either case, one of us wouldve felt frustrated with the other. As it happens we both got upset, but it ended there. She realised that it wasn't fair to say something like that after she's repeatedly given her blessing, and I made it clear that I want her to be honest with me about how she feels and what she wants, because I will always do the same, and always treat that with consideration and respect. All couples have disagreements, but by keeping communication open and honest, you can seriously limit having actual arguments. And I think part.of that comes from the fact that keeping communication open requires you both to respect each other's thoughts and feelings.
This makes me very hopeful for me and my fiance because you could basically be describing us, albeit our goals differ from yours (kids, the suburbs, stay at home dad). And we like a big bed. I'm a big guy. And I cannot sleep with someone touching me. I love to cuddle but I have to sleep in my own space. But we could never go to bed angry. Because I like to cuddle first and so does she XD
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Panties Harry Potter and the Chamber of Panties Harry Potter and the Panties of Azkaban Harry Potter and the Panties of Fire Harry Potter and the Panties of the Phoenix Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Panties Harry Potter and the Deathly Panties Harry Potter and the Cursed Panties I think JK Rowling plays this game whenever she names anything.
You don't think Phantom Panties, Panties Wars, or the Panties of the Sith sound better? Maybe it's just too early for a star wars porno.
What Kirielis said. This was a bit earlier in our relationship, and I work nights during the week so my only free time every other week is when she comes over. We were having a quiet weekend in either way, but I had a rare chance to play with a group of friends who don't live nearby and also have lives of their own. So I made sure she was okay with me taking the opportunity, and made sure repeatedly she was happy with me playing while she was on her DS, drawing and listening to music. We were in the same room this entire time.
*bint. English pejorative for a woman. Just so you know.
Partly related, the UK royal family don't tend to use their surname (Windsor) which is generally only used by Elizabeth and Philip. Most of the royalty will use their title as their surname; Prince Harry of Wales, son of the Prince of Wales Charles, was such known as Harry Wales in the Armed Forces. William and his Children geberally, as far as I'm aware, use Cambridge, as William is the Duke of Cambridge.
This is actually a common misconception that a lot of people believe. In reality the epidemic was already over and only isolated cases still existed as the disease had mostly run its course and was deep into a downswing. The positive from the great fire was that it actually cleared out a lot of the slum buildings that were of poor quality and hastily and haphazardly erected. The cleared space allowed a great modernisation and expansion of areas of London that had previous been cramped and erratic. A lot of what we consider old London now can trace its roots to the planned urban renewal that came in the centuries after the great fire as the city recovered and grew.
Actually, most of that development came from the advancement in building design allowing more hygienic premises to be constructed. London still suffered from outbreaks of other plagues after this event, but they were more likely to involve general hygiene or be transmitted person-to-person because the removal of lots of wooden and thatch buildings gave rats fewer homes. I mean, you've got to realise this fire spread really fucking slowly. it was spreading at a gentle walking pace, it's just not really possible to put out a fire once it gets going like that with the tools they had available. the death toll was so low because people mostly just walked out of the way (although admittedly not as low as most estimates suggest as new evidence indicates in many places the fire got hot enough to totally incinerate a body leaving no trace, but this again is due to the slow but long burning effect). Rats, like most animals, don't tend to hang around burning buildings.
Sandor's cock, from a distance, looked like a limp sausage, nothing you need to worry your delicacies over.
*Arthas strides out of the snow with Frostmourne in hand, skeletal dragon flying above him* and you call yourself King of the Undead...
Arya still has money, people still trade from Braavos and Westeros...
I work with the homeless so you can imagine I've met some colourful characters, but my weirdest has to be at university. So in halls in first year of university we had a new Chinese (relevant later) student moved into our block like halfway through the year. We found out he had been moved out of another block in our area because he was stealing food from the communal kitchen and they'd caught him on camera doing it. So he continued to do this, as we later found out. He also constantly wore this dirty, mustard yellow vest top with nothing underneath. We once saw him come into the kitchen, place raw chicken on a plate next to some chips, place it in the oven without turning it on, come back an hour later, and take it into his room, uncooked. We were pretty sure he ate it. I'm not going to go into details about the rest as there's so much, but there was some discussion about him trying to do something with a drunk girl, he was also caught shouting and screaming after most people had left for the holidays over something insanely minor, and when he started throwing furniture two of us screamed at him that we were sick of his shit, and he looked at us like we had slapped him, like nobody had ever told him off in his life. Our friend translated his shouting into threats about getting Triads on us. He also used to have a bath in the communal bathrooms and leave the door wide open. So yeah. There's that guy.
I love watching Sasuke in the UK, the commentary is fairly standard fare and gives you the gimmicks with big eye rolls. I wish more shit like Sasuke was done in the rest of the world. Big, annual competitions like this being televised are so entertaining. All we do is close half a city and go for a massive jog.
I know a lot of people would disagree, but I admire you. I know I couldn't reconcile the lack of trust in me again. But I can't even begin to imagine how difficult it is when two people who youre meant to be able to both trust and who are both meant to love you are telling you conflicting stories. I'm glad the two of you were eventually able to reconcile.
To be fair until the past maybe 12 months Riot had this EXACT problem. They tried this method and repeatedly got crucified for it. That's why every other sentence is 'WE ARE NOT PROMISING ANYTHING WE MAKE NO GUARANTEES' because anything less than that and people make stupid assumptions. Both Riot and Blizzard have been drawn over coals for that in the past.
We are all uncontrollable animals to some extent. Can't help being who you are.
You literally have to walk in facing the toilet. Pay attention to what you're doing instead? And this comes from someone who just automatically puts it down when he's done. It's just a complaint that bugs me.
I appreciate a casually dressed woman. It screams self-confidence and no need for the approval or gratification of others. You chose to wear something that pleases you and optimises your comfort over something designed to appeal to others, many of whom you will never see or interact with again
There are substantial differences in white/grey matter distribution between genders but I can't remember in what distribution pattern. I just know there is a biogically basis for it.
Agreed never in public. But in private a guy's gotta scratch.
For a record, some of us do defy society. But it's never about trust as much as it is about personal perception. People are aware of how they've been taught others will think about them. So when men are made to feel like emotions make them weak, exposing them doesn't make them feel like they're opening up who they are, but are actively making themselves look weak to you. The ex thing is probably an extension of that. Men are encouraged to disregard their feelings and start looking again almost immediately. Being unable to really express and talk about how they feel makes it harder to deal with those emotions. Not all men are like this. Some genuinely feel less; maybe naturally, maybe it's a level of conditioning. Others don't subscribe to the male stereotype, or have friends who don't and it becomes more acceptable to open up. As we have become a society where intellect has become a more valuable commodity in men than brute force, coupled with greater communication via the internet, those who would have previously been repressed by the herd are now better able to embrace or express their emotional side.
We all get that, it's the itchy stage. Youve gotta push through it. After two or three weeks it stops feeling that way and you can trim it to long stubble and it will still feel okay.
It's not really a controlled thing. If you need to go once you start it's really hard to stop, if anything it's faster just to adjust your aim.
Word. I can actually attest to this quite well. I suffer from really bad hayfever, which I'm currently experiencing. I also got sick briefly which means my symptoms are prolonging a niggling cough. So I've got itchy eyes, a heavy cough, constant sneezing, blocked nose, trouble sleeping and generally feel shit. But the one thing I don't get is lethargy. I don't feel weakened. Maybe a little more tired than usual because of the disturbed sleep, and my breathing is harder because I have a congested chest. But physically I don't feel drained or weak, and it makes ALL the difference. I've been like this for weeks and its irritating but I can get by and carry on with life pretty much as normal. But all those symptoms plus tiredness/weakness are your general run of the mill bug. And when I get them I just become useless and need to sleep and rest. When I feel mentally drained I can just plough through, and when I'm tired because I've been active I can ignore it because I have been active. But when I know I CANT be active, and EVERYTHING feels more physically challenging it's frustrating and I just want to curl up and sleep it off.
I'm 6ft tall, the bed is just over 6ft long. I want the pillow I sleep with so that my spine is nicely aligned, and a large pillow in the vicinity to sit up in bed if necessary. Anything else is just taking up room where I sleep and restricting my movement why would that be nice.
We don't all have a tub. I honestly think it's just because baths aren't considered manly, but everyone likes that sort of warm, relaxing soak.
Given enough time I could probably list every Overwatch champion and their abilities, the majority of League of Legends champions and abilities, tons of skins. I can remember the names of MMO characters I made a decade ago. Can't for the life of me remember my fiancees birthday. Or her eye colour. I know it's in October at the beginning, and I think they're a sort of.mossy green but it just doesn't sink in. I don't remember my own eye colour either most of the time. Repetition is retention. Birthdays come around once a year; I've only known her for two of hers so far. I see her eyes whenever I see her but I'm not looking *at* them. Just one of those things about memory.
I think that removing these stats does greatly help to direct attention away from the KDR. But there's nothing really there to push attention onto the games objectives either. One of the biggest complaints people seem to have is they find too many players hunting kills over playing the objectives, so we've removed the flaming but kept the mindset. I'd like to see Blizzard try and find a way to direct that attention more towards objective play. Maybe some sort of multiplier based on eliminations of targets on objective and time spent on objective, that rewards those who are spending their time either on the objective or killing enemies who are.
I consider it less like pretending it didn't happen,ore.lile pretending it was done properly. I personally just ignore how it went and take the scene from the books as applicable to both as they were meaning to mirror it.closely and just failed miserably.
Yeah I thought of this at the time but wasn't able to come up with.something concrete to solve that.issie, but that's why I want to see Blizzard actually work on it a bit more.
If you think the English don't do cold water you're sadly mistaken my friend. Water fountains, on the other hand, fuck no. Go buy some tea like a civilised person.
Why would it be? My cats are treated with deflea. Delouse and anti worm on a monthly basis that protects them from infection for a month-long period. As long as I've had cats, always outdoor cats, they've never had any flea issues, and have had a single tick,. Which had attached at the corner of the eye where the treatment doesn't generally spread because it would irritate them.
Winston doesn't do enough damage to them IMO. It's all well and good saying hes a counter but literally anyone else present and that turret will still beat you.
He's a photographer?
Cut the table in half, then push them back together, two halves make a whole, use the hole to escape.
Lighthouse keeper wakes up in the morning, realising he is late for work (he should've been up at night). He runs upstairs and turns on the light, looks out from the top and sees ships wrecked on the rocks the lighthouse warns of, then kills himself in guilt.
If you don't know who your MEP is, that's not Europes fault. they're democratically elected. You can't choose to ignore the democratic process then claim it ISN'T democratic. Im not arguing with you over the appointed beaurocrats, although we have more than a bit of that ourselves behind the scenes, but the MEP thing is just stupid.
Good to see a fellow scouser has some common sense. God knows what'll happen to the North if the Tories get to spend 4 years deciding where to spend all the money instead.
She stays out of this sort of thing. Royals are expected to remain publicly neutral due to the whole historically being pains in the ass.
I've been meaning to try that chippy in Albert Dock for ages, was it good?
Never fear we still have episode 10, Arya has to make landfall somewhere!
This is the last conversation I expected to see in this thread.
Annulled due to lack.of consummation. Either was done by LF or will be done if not just generally assumed.
I find that amusingly ironic. I'd love the. Best D.Va player to.br an ultra butch Slav.
Just wordlessly handing him a small bag of coins would have been a hilarious nod to the players.
Managed this on Dorado once, was defending the point under the bridge, tackled a DVa ult back down the road and walked behind the wall to avoid dying. Feels so good.
Not when myself IS an asshole.
You say that. Premier Inn on Princes Street, Edinburgh has like 5 floors and at least two of them have rooms that are up half a flight of stairs.
Depends. Some countries have done away with it, others retain mandatory military service. Greece is an example where all men do (I think) 18 months military service. I'm not 100% on the exact length of time.
Switch to Zenyatta, keep poking until ult is up, then dive it with your ult. The heal will be enough to keep them all alive long enough to take a torb each.
In the books Tyrion is still perfectly aware of the Wildfire. It is used in the Blackwater in exactly the same way as well as being flung from the walls. There's a whole scene where he is watching them train to throw the Wildfire pots and being very limiting about how many will be allowed to use it because of its relative danger compared to the care they take with it.
Yeah, I use Odeon Gallery if I'm going the cinema, about £25 a time for IMAX 3D. But I like having the drinks around, somewhere to sit and chill for up to an hour beforehand, and also, you can just sort of wander in as the film starts.
EU referendum happening right now. I'm currently shopping for emigration destinations. I here Canada is nice.
Big risk and assumption it WILL increase again.
No such thing as a Scottish Pound at the moment. There's notes issues by The Royal Bank of Scotland, as well as Clydesdale Bank. These are still GBP and considered legal tender by any bank. They're just from a different issuing bank, so they have a different design which sometimes confuses people.
Age of 16 is the UK age of sexual consent and for awhile smoking age and age of school leaving (both of which changed in the past few years). They've generally been considered an age at which the majority of that age group are mature enough to make adult decisions and understand their consequences in the UK. The Scottish Independence Referendum also allows those from ages 16+ to vote. Some feel that was something of a milestone and precedent.
She has no power, is still a vastly wealthy individuals privately with or without the title, but the title earns the UK a lot of money in tourism, as well as a degree of cultural respectability and historical note from certain circles. Shes also fairly popular as a representative of the Commonwealth and their family is widely active in positive charitable causes. At this point they probably have less direct political power than the Koch brothers. Their voices have weight but they have no impetus behind it and remain fairly impartial politically (it's considered a problem if they're not, as Prince Charles has been known to stick his nose in places he shouldn't in this regard.) So yeah, they're basically just a wealthy family with a lot of historical significance at this point, and generally earn a lot of revenue to the UK both as positive emissaries and through tourism.
Unlike most of us, you have a way out. Run. Run now. Escape to freedom.
That you might want to move your finances to a Danish bank, and if it's somewhere you intend to stay maybe begin a citizenship process.
It was pretty likely he would. Given his vocal support of one side, losing was a direct indication he wasn't aligned with the faction if his party that had the mandate to act on behalf of the population. It's sort of similar to how the open primaries of the US showed that certain Republican nominee didn't command the support of enough of the population to be representative of them
It's a NARROW sea. takes like a week or two to sail across I'd imagine.
Aside from what everyone else said, he's also the last remaining member of the Small Council. It literally leaves Cersei as the only one in KL in a position of power.
Pretty likely. She's sided with the Greyjoy rebels, and the Dornish have a female leader. So TKITN is her best option for an alliance. That or Littlefinger.
Still solid advice. I'd rather spend a bit more each month and get somewhere that I stop paying for after so long than pay to live in somewhere for the rest of my life while somebody else turns a profit from it.
To be fair this is a lot less 'weird thing to do' as much as it is a really bad time to do it. It's not weird to be naked in your own home at stupid o'clock in the morning, or run the bathroom, or check that your kids are okay when they have a sleepover. He probably just didn't think about the first two when he did the third.
Not gonna lie, this sounds like the dream job for the pedant in me. Id like to think anyone in that situation would play the fuck out of that system out of sheer spite. But I know most wouldn't have the balls so kudos to you for doing your job the way you have to job the way they wanted you to.
Protection. HTC as a brand isn't doing well right now. The Vive has been hailed quite positively and shown that HTC can become a player in VR hardware if it carries on making smart moves. The problem is that other areas of the HTC business are less desirable, less profitable or present more of a liability. That can reduce the desire of investors to become involved in a company that could run into trouble that ultimately drag their investment down through no fault of their own. By spinning their VR off into its own organisation they can retain profitability from it by isolating it from more unstable areas of the company. It also works in reverse in that they can take a few more risks without that impacting their more established markets. This sort of stable isolation with more freedom is more inviting to outside investment, that can feel confident in the product/market/new company without having to worry about how the phones are doing too, while also potentially receiving a higher reward from the greater risk that can be taken in that single market.
You want privacy don't commit sex acts in a government building on camera?
The problem, like many countries in Africa, is not any one religion, it's just religion. Superstition, a lack of education and devout belief in the bullshit spewed by the previous generation that instill insistence of respect and belief that what they say is true. It's the same horrific and idiotic system that brings us genocides, both male and female genital mutilation and killing of albinos. It's not a racial thing, it's a cultural thing that unfortunately is much more prevalent in some areas of the world than others. The whole world just needs to learn to leave each other the fuck alone and stop giving a shit what other people do when it doesn't directly impact them.
It isn't the same for deliveries. I ordered two books and a DVD from Amazon, that were delivered in a box filled with airbags that took up 2/3 of the space, rather than two cardboard envelopes, because it was one order. Sometimes weird decisions get made in packing. Just roll with it.
At this point I'm prompted to ask; do you drive on the left or right side of the road? Because this definitely.sounds like it would be sensible, if you drove on the left.
The rock monster wants to grope Korra's chubby sister!
I have no problem with saying this specific area of the law is shitty, and this specific area of the law needs changing. I have a problem with the notion that, as a white heterosexual male, my level of disadvantage in life is so great that a systematic movement protecting my gender is necessary. In short; Fathers4Justice (not the group specifically but the general notion behind the original intent), narrow-band campaigning, you go, i'll support. Men's Rights? Fuckem, i've got enough rights and priviledges to be getting on with without trying to argue with truly disenfranchised groups that my problems deserve equal across-the-board attention.
Word of advice from a philosophy graduate; get out while you still can. Congratulations on the weight loss, it's something I've always wanted to work towards myself and keep putting off repeatedly, and hope to one day finally find the motivation to make myself commit to it, but I'm glad to see you got to it young! But seriously. If you're happy in your degree go for it, but prospects for Philosophy graduates after they graduate are terrible. So take every opportunity for extra curricular stuff at your uni, anything that can add to employability including clubs, graduate training programs, summer internships etc. It will all help give you a leg-up in 2.5 years Good luck!
You mean, exactly what my insurance does?
Bad idea, bad idea... There are cases out there. It's sad and pathetic but they're out there...
Knew he did the voice, didn't realise he did mocap too, epic.
Any idea how you can even tell when you're getting close? I've been digging for hours making a lovely smooth slope down, with a few turns to try and avoid popping out the side of the planet, and aside from the odd coal deposit I feel like I could dig right past it and not notice...
The ground is literally made of extremely malleable squares. Flat isn't relative to the planet because the planets themselves are made of a series of variably sized flat 2D shapes. There are also several angles in-game where the ground will perfectly flatten if you can get the right plane, so coding these as presets wouldn't be that hard.
2π
whats the warp count? I managed 400 odd in about 5 nights of playing. A lot of hours and it was like 2/3 of my total jumps taken by the end, but I did it damnit!
Well my current work is to support homeless people into getting a place of their own and stabilising their lives, so... I guess I evict people for a living while fucking with their head? Cool, I'm a bailiff!
Gotta say I agree. Just because two people are pretty fucking horrific doesn't mean you can't consider one slightly worse. Some people would say it's the one who took advantage of the relationship they had with someone, others would feel it's the random assailant who grabs unsuspecting people off the street. Of the two, I'd say the latter is more likely to cause other physical injury or possibly even kill their victim, while the former may use force and restraint but is less likely to cause serious physical trauma like, a knife wound or blunt force trauma. The latter assailant is probably also more likely to rape again, at least in the immediate future, as the brazenness of their actions shows a lack of empathy or detachment from reality, while an acquaintance will often have to rationalise their actions. Rape is always shitty, should always be punished and investigated fully, but I can see why one type would concern a chief of police more when it comes to rising figures and what they can prevent directly.
Once you get into the rhythm it's oddly cathartic once you get going, the cramp in my thumb from holding the flatten modifier didn't help though DX
It does, one of my floors is canted at an angle and I'm assuming this is why; I've gotten closer to the core so 'flat' isn't what it should be to me.
Reminds me of this from Ian McEwan about his work and helping his son with school; https://www.theguardian.com/books/video/2012/apr/03/ian-mcewan-a-level-set-text-video
I disagree. Given a single piece to assess, I would have to say the interpretation that best approximates the intention behind the piece is objectively better than one that draws from a completely different source. It's like another commenter was saying about the One Ring being allegorical for Nuclear arms, despite being written before they existed. It's an interpretation, but if you're on a totally different page to the original author, you're not going to get the full expression of the piece. So I would argue that those interpretations that are closest to the original intent, thereby maximising the intended expression of the piece, are objectively better than those that are being applied that were not a factor in its creation.
Exactly. It's about brand impression on a wider scale effecting investor confidence. Manchester United is one of the largest sporting brands in the world, their core supporters are based in Manchester but they make so much money abroad it's insane. Most of those fans aren't going to stop being a fan without serious issues, but are they less likely to buy merchandise if they're temporarily unhappy? If they see the company take a hit and think they may not be able to invest as much in their main team this year will it make seasons ticket holders more hesitant to renew? All shit to consider.
No but what I'm saying is that when a subsidiary goes under, while the parent company suffers, the other brands and parent brand suffer less if they aren't associated by the layperson. The 76ers suffer a lot less in the public eye if Team Dignitas goes tits up than they would if 76ers e-sports team does. There's another comment thread talking about sporting brands etc, so before saying "but that doesn't matter because 76ers fans aren't going to stop supporting because their esports team goes under" the point is there is wider brand recognition to consider as well as financial effects people can associate with the company; negative brand publicity matters regardless of the internal structure, the name is what people remember.
Because my position on art is that it does not.exist as an abstract, it exists as a product of the mind that created it. There are theories of art that suggest that artists don't create art, but more discover it, like a mathematician would discover a function or formula; that art exists in some way independently of the one who crafted it. This isn't a theory of art I prescribe to. Instead, I feel that art is intrinsically linked to its creator. We can freely discuss the concepts that a piece of art can prompt us to conceive, those things that people ascribe as their interpretation, but those concepts prompted by the piece are something that exists because of yourself, not something intrinsic to the piece, because the piece itself was created with intent. We can also freely discuss the artists intent, and that how well we feel the piece conveys that and what we feel they did to convey that and what else they could have done, in the form of critiquing the work. But this can only be done on the basis of assessing the work on its original design criteria and premise; something we can either attempt to discern ourselves, if we have no artist to check with, or something we can do if the artist confirms themselves what they were trying to convey. But my point is these are two SEPARATE ways of analysing and discussing art. We shouldn't conflate the interpretations we have of unrelated topics thanks to to the influence of the piece, with some internal message of the piece itself. In other words, the perspective of the audience, is not invalid, but when discussing what art means, the positions are distinct from each other; one is internal to yourself, how the art makes you feel and think, and what the art does to bring that about within you, and another is abstract, based on what we think the message placed within a constructed piece is. If you believe art to be a product of its creator, then that message is intrinsically linked to the artist, their wills and desires, whether conscious or not. If you believe art exists independently of its creator; and this does not mean once it is created, but that the piece has some non-tangible existential existence that was extant before the creator brought the piece into being, then you can believe the piece.may have a deeper meaning or message the creator is unaware of. But this has its whole own set of philosophical problems.
Also he probably doesn't leave a trail until he drops to half health anyway, so if you watched him drop below half, the trail would START appearing, if he was already half and walked over a ward, the trail he has left since going to 50% would pop in.
Yeah there was a BBC article that made me think of this case when I saw the title. When I found out the source of that joke I was pretty appalled tbh, although for the period between realising it was real and the original claim I can sort of see it being used as a sort of incredulous claim.
The problem is we did almost exactly what you do when you realise the normal shit isnt working; bunker down and try and figure something else out. Which was kind of the worst thing to do when your biggest obstacle is machine gun placements. It was only really the advancement in mobile armour and poison gas that started to break the lines, and the fresh influx of American troops that allowed the Allies to plan fresh offensives without having to sacrifice their current defensive placements. WW1 was in many ways the last shout of the old guard; the dying cry of incompetent hierarchies in an armed forces that promoted by family and wealth rather than ability, and suffered for it when your average soldier went from slinging inaccurate lead pellets and beating the other fucker over the head with your stock, to being able to pick out single targets and reliably kill them from a distance.
Except for, yknow, the training in Britain, the launching from Britain, and Britain having already been fighting since 1939, and being significantly smaller than the US both geographically and in population. As well as both preserving and supporting the French Government in exile and the French Resistance. You had more men and more cash.
Eh, we all have our linguistic quirks. This happens to be one of mine. I mean, it's not like I'm using literally to describe everything I do. Unless it actually literally is that thing.
The pain of burning is a signal sent from nerves detecting high levels of heat, it's something you can actually sense without damaging the tissue, unlike cutting or stabbing. Same reason that people with CIPA who can't sense pain also can't thermoregulate, because all heat is sent through the same nerve lines.
Of course there are, because most of the news being reported is Conservative under a Conservative government, and Labour is basically piss in the wind right now. It was more balanced under the coalition, and accused more right leaning under Labour.
This is very true, that I found very satisfying but I'd love to know whether the kids died first and were buried or if they all succumbed together, that sort of thing.
But that doesn't establish the premise being discussed, namely that increased self-esteem fails to increase grades. Hell, it doesn't even establish that children are being intentionally raised in a way that promotes increased self-esteem. The argument could just as easily be made that the "selfish" nation and willingness to go in debt to impress others are attempts to raise self-esteem that is lower than previous generations, possibly because the lack of prospects and direction for this generation makes external positivity so hard to come by.
You can assign bots as well, rioter mentioned in this thread.
Not to mention that the whole Nazi thing is based on turnout; Hitler did win the popular vote, using some serious underhanded threatening tactics, but he won the popular vote, but turnout was low enough that it was still far from a population majority. Trump can't even say he won the vote.
Doesn't say anywhere he had weed, just tobacco and that she took unnamed items from his room.
Do you accept Christmas or Thanksgiving as a time to get together with family? Why? It's an arbitrary day to do something that either you don't like, but are doing anyway, or do like, and feel you should be doing, which begs the question why you don't do it so regularly as for it to be a non-event. We don't just stop doing traditional things because we can argue away the rationale behind doing them.
Not megaman. Megman. As in, a dude called Meg.
You pretty much just summed up my point. I never said doing it was better or that doing it because it was a tradition was logical, but that IS why we do it, and people are far from wholly logical. Sometimes we do things that have a negative effect on others because of the positive effect they're believed to have on ourselves or our community.
With regards to the marriage thing you're not wrong, a lot of the issues were more gullible people being coerced into marriages, but the much bigger issue was that certain communities that practice arranged marriage were essentially selling their daughters to older men in the old country who could use them as a ticket to the UK, which they wanted to stamp out. Sadly it's very hard to weed out the genuine foreign marriages from the opportunistic ones nowadays, as so much of it essentially comes down to a level of faith in the immigrating party.
The problem is this isn't what support is meant to be... you're not meant to be a supplementary gimped damage dealer. Janna is full utility support, and it's only frustrating when you play a champion that offers little utility in kind. You're trying to fight through the utility instead of bringing your own. Some supports are there for flashy hooks and grabs, or to soak damage for their carry. Janna is there to buff and interrupt. People find it frustrating because it's MEANT to be frustrating. it's meant to be as problematic as a well-timed blitz grab, because it's designed to disengage.
The biggest issue with refunds isn't really that people want to have a consistent flow. it's that for a long time they were not clearly labelled for what they are; 3, one-use, never to be re-earned or refreshed chances to refund something. I'd be happy if they just restored everyone to 3 refunds, added a big pop-up the first time you use one with a checkbox saying 'you will never receive more than these 3 refunds, once they are used all content purchases are final, are you sure you wish to continue?' and leave it at that. Reset the slate for people who were badly informed in the past and move forward as it is now.
I'm pretty anti-"everything pence stands for" and I'd still rather watch 4 years of Pence make some conservative but reversible changes than watch Trump march the west over a cliff.
Sonic is the launch title. SEGA takeover is complete.
DUB HIM AGAIN FOR CONSISTENCY.
pthalo blue ktnxbai.
REGGIE TEASE
You still enjoying your Xbox 360 then?
I default to triangles because they're the ones you get when the wall has the most flat area, but I do like hexagons.
We don't vote for PM though, never have. The PM only controls through parliamentary control by having a majority of MPs which we did elect. The president can be president with neither the Senate or Congress being on his side. We don't have a PM who can't demand the majority of the votes in the House of Commons, either through a majority in their own party or a government coalition.
It's Mario kart, you've already got a second controller, just use a joycon each.
And considering this is literally the thing you're buying when you buy a switch, it makes sense to sell those features and make them clear.
Uk is £280, so it's not much better. $40 more in both USD and CAD.
You collect, and I've got no issue with that in general, i'm simply point ing out your very specific desire to basically be given a trial game every month then purchase a physical copy instead of the one you're playing at the moment is beyond niche.
Don't know where you got $5000 from, he said it can DO 10x more not cost. I spent about £2500 on my system building from scratch, but that's including an HTC Vive and £300 screen. I'm at the middle of enthusiast, I cared enough to get some game streaming options for when I don't want to sit at a desk. I've preordered a Switch despite being hesitant and not much of a Zelda fan, because I wanted something with that sort of portability, and it's inevitably going to have Mario and Pokémon which are both big hits with me and the missus.
you're missing my point; they leave if they get better, but if everyone begins using the practice tools in the elo above them, they don't comparatively get better; if every other group gets better apart from the casuals at the bottom, nothing actually moves, except those casuals get more pressured. If the majority of players from Gold+ use practice tool and improve their abilities, the barrier for Gold+ increases, and theres no guarantee those players getting better from the pratice tool below gold will match that barrier. So you end up with people who are much better, but still stuck in bronze/silver, and playing with people they vastly outclass. A quick re-read of your comment shows you're right to the extent you didn't contradict yourself re player movement; I read your intial statement as suggesting new players will continue to enter ranked to fill the void, while also saying the player base is saturated. While you weren't saying that, the fact this won't happen is still the problem; when everyone improves, nobody actually moves anywhere. When everyone improves except the low casuals, well, they were already low, so STILL nobody moves, but they feel shittier and leave.
Sega have a classic sonic adventure remake coming out, Konami have Bombeman at launch, there's a few I can think of that will be out within 8 weeks of launch.
you throw in the general direction, unless you're a pro at throwing shit, there's a reasonable chance it can hit someone, so it's negligent to do so. It's a phrase teachers throw around a lot, but you really CAN take an eye out with that.
Not if you lack the volume to meet demand. Most places I've seen have stopped taking preorders due to demand, I hate to think what it's be like with Mario as well.
There will. Because in two months there will be at least one game bundled with it for the same cost as it is now.
Everyone forgets Bomberman... The poor Bomberman Brothers...
I'm assuming 1 2 Switch will be bundled fairly soon.
yeah because you could dive down wet paths to slip n slide
But what ISNT common, despite peoples best efforts, are people being able to do BOTH from one device. There's plenty of people out there who game casually on a smartphone or tablet, but the market for powerful, complex tablet games is still fairly low, because either you're using a larger tablet which is harder to hold, or a smaller tablet using touch-screen controls that take up screen real-estate. Switch taps into a market that means I can sit and play my favourite games from childhood or modern games, on my big TV in comfort, and then if/when I need to, I can take it with me in a way nobody else has really gotten to market successfully yet.
/r/pcmasterrace would beg to differ. My kids won't be but that's because they'll have one so they leave mine alone.
So, if these are the volume controls, can anyone shed some light as to what the - and + signs on the two joycons are for? They definitely look to be buttons, but aside from lining up the grips i've yet to see or hear what they control.
No, a "near impossible to land in your own" Q. It is grammatically correct.
^ what he said. It's an unusual wording, but it checks out.
I'd forgotten about that on the Wii, I only remember using it for cobtroller volume but yeah it is consistent with that, just looks strange split over two controllers I guess.
Except this was two parents shouting at screaming at each other. Although nowadays I guess the groups aren't as mutually exclusive as they used to be.
I didn't. I wish I had.
Getting that practice in for GaBeN 2020, not the president we deserve, the one we need right now.
Yes. Think of the fourth dimension as time and it's easier to visualise. You can have two planes that exist at different times, and WOULD have touched, had they existed together at the same time. It's the same principle as the 2D-3D move. Think about those perspective-based art pieces where it all looks mental until you view from the right angle and suddenly it all falls into place, essentially because you've visually just put all the pieces on the same plane. When you have two lines on a 2D plane they have to intersect eventuallt, but in a 3D world they avoid this because the 3rd dimension allows them to cross on a 2D plane without intersection. Time allows the same thing in the fourth dimension by allowing two planes to intersect the same space at different times.
Nah they're down with the Capybaras between the spectacled bear and the fruit bat cave.
Nah they have their own island that is almost invisible for guests, surrounded by trees that go right to the waters edge. You get to see some ring tails from a distance if you're lucky.
For anyone curious, that's approximately 1.15 billion pounds, or 575,000 US tons of gold, assuming OP was using Troy ounces. That's enough gold to build a 30m x 30m cube of solid gold.
Gladiator and Kingdom of Heaven. I wish Ridley Scott would leave the Alien franchise alone and just direct Epics. I also wish that Nottingham had been the film it was meant to be instead of a standard Robin Hood affair.
Nope, cube. Check Wolfram-alpha. That's who gave me that little factoid.
That and gold. Like, sometimes I appreciate a hand clearing a ward quickly, but there's a limit to my "I'm here to help" mentality, and it's when my mid laner is literally stealing gold from my fucking pockets by waiting to last hit a ward I swept. I got items to buy too yknow. I also really want some changes made to the tank item passive. It's fine early on, but once you hit even mid now, actually trying to proc it essentially requires your team mates to slow their farming down. Which basically never happens. Maybe when you complete either the stone or the full item, the passive could change to one where killing a minion gives gold to an ally, and any minion kills in the next x seconds will share the gold and consume a charge. You get one execute and then your ADC can just tear in and you'll both benefit fairly.
Support ekko is totally viable if you play it properly, emphasising slows and stuns over trying for kills, building for tank over damage. If you really want to, there's a handful of champs that just don't bring anything to support, but most can offer something if played with a support mentality. That's the problem Riot faces, punishing the player for their playstyle not their pick.
Exclusives and portability together for me. I love Mario and I'm glad to see a Mario 64/ Sunshine styled game that I can play on the go. That's literally what sold me on the original DS.
Worth noting he sued them for being mistaken for the SAME GUY 8 years ago. At this point I think anyone would be sick of explaining themselves to the police.
Not when you've already successfully sued the police for accusing you of being that man before, no. Once a guy takes you to court for falsely accusing him of being someone else, you should ideally start being more careful who you accuse of looking like who.
But that's my point, in a normal situation I'd agree he was being difficult and they tried to be polite and it escalated for no reason. But this guy has been repeatedly accused of being the guy they were after, so much so he has sued them in the past. Given that sort of history I think most people would get sick of being accused of someone else, especially when you've already been arrested for being him before. When your police department was successfully sued for accusing someone of being someone else and unfairly arresting them, it's time to have more awareness around who you're picking up, at the minimum when it comes to THAT SPECIFIC GUY, when you KNOW there's a similar guy out there you've wronged before.
What if you do what I do and repeatedly tell people you're an asshole? I like to remind people just incase my general positive actions lead them to the wrong conclusion and they get surprised by me making a choice that doesn't benefit them.
She didn't owe him shit, but she also didn't exactly tell him she wasn't interested either, and she definitely took his hospitality and slept with him, which is pretty much a definition of mixed signals. She didn't owe him shit, but you also cant blame a guy for being interested and hopeful if you choose not to be clear and direct with a guy LITERALLY DIAGNOSED AS A RETARD.
Watched a guy lose his girlfriend the same way. I was close to his girlfriend when she was over but had no interest in her, I was the epitome of a straight GBF (I had my eyes elsewhere as well so there was never any question there from him). Difference was she fell for all the nice guy shit, broke up with my mate out of nowhere in the space of a few days, a week later was dating the 'friend' and they barely lasted three months before the realisation dawned on him she was actually nuts and extremely high maintenence. He kinda dodged a bullet even if it hurt like hell at the time.
Fuck is that snail in here again?
True, that's why when it comes to their youth and even her drug addled hippy ways I don't really blame her. Using Forrest, potentially giving him AIDS then running off with his baby. That I blame her for. I hate Tom Hanks. I hate how much he can make me feel by standing in front of a headstone or playing a cowboy doll or yelling at a volleyball.
Permission granted, I'll throw it under one of them wiki common license thingies, I'm just that generous.
I used to know someone who filled his free time with like a million hobby groups; music, theatre, parties, Christian groups, etc. More than he had time for, by far. He used to turn up to something, leave early to get to the next thing well after it started, leave that to get to the next thing. He went to a whole lot of events, never attended a full one, drove me NUTS.
As a support player, suck it up lamb chop.
When you make a complaint to someone's superior, the superior has to follow it up. Anonymity is not guaranteed in the vast majority of work places, and for good reason. Because it's mostly unenforceable. If you're going to accuse someone of something unprofessional based on a complaint, you have to hear both sides, and you can't do that unless the accused party knows what incident is being referred to. When you get multiple complaints from multiple sources, then you can begin to get more generic about what has happened, but you can't just take a single accuser as gospel and deny the accused a chance to respond by refusing to establish the incident which is being addressed.
I remember Cromwell being fairly well covered including the atrocities in Ireland. The statue is pretty much a "Well he DID win the Civil War and establish Parliament as the head of state, even if it didn't last long and he was a amssive douche Canoe about it"
I would guess intended, it's just more obvious with the bots because they have inhuman reaction times; they can get off CC before the collision that, when jumping from out of sight, nobody would normally get off in time. They're essentially just catching you in CC at the exact moment you land before you can start dealing damage. I'm yet to see someone actually get CCd before landing on their ult trajectory.
The good doesn't wash out the bad, nor the bad the good. Just because someone isn't worth celebrating doesn't mean theyre not worth recognising or remembering, if only to remember how not to do things.
Do you only need watch the most sophisticated intellectually stimulating films and programs? Never watched a Die Hard or a cheesy Rom-com? Some people have no issues with more innocent entertainment, especially as Disney largely avoid more crass or juvenile jokes that make the films something that you can enjoy INA. Relaxed way while appreciating the direction, animation voice acting etc.
It's also not exactly intellectually stimulating. Why exactly is childish intrinsically a negative aspect of a film? My point is that a childish film, much with your Die Hards or your Fast+Furious films, is simply about the taste you're in the mood for.
But all of that really comes back to my original point, which is, if you're trying to run controlled experiments, everyone, from the senior scientist to the lab tech, should have a rough idea as to what exactly they're working with, and what it's for. From the article, the suggestion was that this resulted from being unfamiliar with the powdered form as opposed to the pills, and whoever made the solution being inexperienced at doing it unsupervised. Which leads back to my point of 'these people should have some idea what the fuck theyre dealing with and why before they deal with it.'
Nah, I think that's just an overcomplication of the basic point. He made Wilson as something to talk to to stop himself going crazy, and his loss of Wilson and its impact on him, coupled with the volleyball at the end, shows just how profound an impact the isolation really had on him. He looks like he's holding it together right until that point when you see the mania he held in. It's not his fault he was lost, there's no reason to feel remorse for it.
Please remain in your homes, if you are not at home, find shelter immediately. Close all blinds and shades, block out all windows. Do not look outside. Do not look at the sky. Do not make noise. Your cooperation is vital to your survival. Appointed government personnel will update you shortly.
Given the way Europe's been heading lately with various elections and Brexit, contain it where?
Except nowhere in there does it say "but the following list of countries we have predetermined everyone is so dangerous that we don't want them coming in, even if they never lived there and hold dual citizenship with other allied nations."
Having read the order he issued, what he has essentially said is that the requirements for travel to the US have changed in regards to the information provided to the US of foreign nationals, their identity and security concerns etc, and that these requirements have been structured in such a way that they prevent people from these specific countries from travelling for the next x days until a report a completed and their countries agree to share the requested information, and until they agree the countries will then be added to a new list of blocked transit for failure to provide correct information. As part of this, all previously issued visas were revoked, as they now fail to meet the new standards of entry. And will continue to do so until the countries listed provide the information requested. The order is not explicitly structured to target Muslims in its wording, but the implication is very clear that they can essentially just request information they know can't be provided by certain countries to screw over their visa capabilities. It's also HILARIOUS that this bill specifically mentions crimes against women and their rights, and regular reporting of immigrants commiting crimes against women alongside other terrorist activity, while he's also looking at pro-life bills. Apparently it's important for transparency to shove down the American people's throats just how much Muslims are oppressing women, but not so much how the Christian Right do it.
eh, the argument would be that in order to enter the country you have to have a valid visa, and a visa is only valid if it meets certain criteria. Changing the criteria invalidates all existing visas that don't meet the new criteria. It's stupid, but it's a workable reason.
Self-determination of your body IS a basic human right. That's the problem. Being against a woman's right to abort means your okay with someone forcing you to let your body be used for things against your will. Someone needs a kidney? You're a match so we can have yours I guess. Skin grafts? Well it won't kill you. If you want to take away a woman's right to abort, youre setting this precedent; that it's okay for others to use your body against your will.
No, your rights to your own body end at your body. I don't have a right to use YOU as a life support machine any more than any fetus should have the right to use a woman as a life support machine. A father does not deserve a right to have a say in whether a woman carries a child to term. I DO believe a father should have the right to forsake all parental responsibility for that child, but he should not have the right to impact the woman's decision to abort in either direction; she shouldn't be able to hold the child over his head for the next 18 years, and he shouldn't be allowed to hold her hostage to a fetus.
It's also one that we have developed contraceptives explicitly to prevent, and, as you said, there is still the fact of rape. Pretending we don't have the medical capability to prevent or end a pregnancy, as a justification for not doing, so would be ludicrous. As long as we have contraceptives and abortion knowledge as part of our medical repetoir, that will always inform our decisions to have sex. And, I will repeat, as long as you prevent someone from exercising their right to bodily autonomy, you are forcing them to host a fetus. If they want to have any other random cluster of cells removed that is causing them issues, we don't bat an eye.
It's also worth noting that she very much kept her mouth shut during Brexit campaigning. Everyone else in the running was a declared Brexit supporter, because they won and you'd need to see it through. May kept herself out of it, so when it came to a new PM, she could be a middle-ground figure between a near-evenly split country.
As a Brit, I can confirm I've stopped assuming my phone vibrating is a text and started to assume it's the BBC Breaking News Alert, which, while normally pretty reserved to cup/Wimbledon finals, terrorist attacks and celebrity deaths, has gone off three times tonight alone about this issue.
If I had to guess I'd say PSVR. It has the smallest tracking range of the three, and I wouldn't be surprised if they just set it as a default size that meant the PSVR SHOULD stay visible at all times, and left it at that.
I had this too, it kept getting stuck on the Warp key for some reason so whenever I tried to turn it would click the warp map instead.
People will hate me, but as engineer I take over the transporter and interference panel. Gives me something to do and definitely strikes me as an engineer's job to transport people and interrupt the enemy with science. At least from my years of watching Geordi do it.
Is if we put something at the other end. Like some bowling pins.
But she's meant to be deconstructing shit not burning it. So the adamantium shouldn't do anything to help him.
No he uses a Note 7.
While I see where you're coming from, I think if it had gone down the route of going full blown I think a lot of the emotion and sentiment that comes in the third act would've been lost. A lot of people underestimate Adam Sandler. He makes a ton of derivative films because that shit sells. he makes bank, with the consistency that studios love. But that doesn't mean he's actually a bad actor. And it's stuff like Click, where he really sells the emotional upheaval, that shows that.
Stop trying to hold back Alan Tudyk from a lead role dammit!
It will be in preseason :P
Doesn't she dive out of a tunnel? Ideally she should track the target up to the tunnel leap to reduce the available reaction time.
The one thing they get right in World War Z. Travesty of an adaptation but they used bicycles.
It takes a special kind of animal to see terrorist attacks and decide the people to be blamed are the victims and not the perparators.
I'll be happy when people like you who twist acts of violence and terror to match your agenda realise that their pathetic excuses to justify racism and intolerance are not acceptable. Britain made it through The Troubles, where almost every major UK city was a target, where we had our armed forces in almost every street in Northern Ireland, and nobody was calling for deportation of the Irish, mass arrest of surveillance of the Irish, a loss of liberty for their fellow citizens. So when we say it's racism, we say it because there's still plenty of British people who have seen the face of terror in a White Catholic Irish Nationalist, not just in a Middle Eastern Muslim, and can see the difference in how the two groups are being treated.
And you deport the British born citizen where exactly? We don't live in a society where we can just boot out our problem citizens. They just end up beating us at cricket.
And this is exactly my point. You will label all of Islam as following those tenets. Christianity believes in exactly the same tenets against women, against homosexuals, and in support of falsehoods. But they're never the *real* Christians whenever you bring that up. Or it's just not the same thing. It's an old, worn out, and ineffectual argument that only serves to highlight your prejudice against a particular religion because the current major terrorism in the West is perpetrated by extremists of their religion. Forty years ago it was Catholics, Seventy years ago it was Zionists. Either all the abrahamic religions are deserving of the same scrutiny, or they all have the same issues with extremism, that are simply being brought to the surface at different times as tensions rise.
So which is it. Is Islam a murderous ideology that must be criticised, or a majority of peaceful individuals trapped by a minority of fanatics? Because in the space of two sentences you're trying to claim both. Either you truly believe Islam is a murderous ideology, at which point I refer you to my original point, that all religions have shown the exact same tendencies, even within recent history, and the same argument can be made for all of them, but they are not treated as people are advocating we treat muslims. Or Islam is composed of a majority peaceful individuals oppressed by a minority, at which point we need to protect and encourage that majority from their extremist oppressors, lest we push them further towards extremism themselves.
Why I like my major city, the shopping area is well away from most roads and has electronic bollards at every entry.
I agree on both, Matt Lucas has definitely made it more amusing for me. Ive only caught bits of this season, and missed a good four years before it, but I've enjoyed what I've watched recently, although the do still seem afraid of rocking the boat. This weeks ending just made me go 'The fuck. Okay, whatever, that's just stupid.'
Fucking London bridges. Always knew they were out to get us.
They tried that in Glasgow a few years back. Just bounced off the bollards at the airport, blew up, set themselves on fire, then got the shit kicked out of them by some locals while still on fire.
It was in the BBC live news coverage, from an eye witness who said he saw them stab people and was throwing shit at them with others and only just got away, apparently.
*cough* Canonn *cough*
Sadly you can't really de-escalate three jihadis. De-escalation is great when things have gotten tense or out of hand for no reason, or emotions are running high. But when they've made a conscious plan and decision to do something you can't really de-escalate from that. That's when the batons come out and arms start getting broken.
A second attack within two weeks, in a major city, again with people coming out saying they've reported these attackers to the police as well. And it wasn't just the mosque but the university as well. And he had only just returned from Libya. There are plenty of people across multiple agencies and political positions who have been warning that the constant cuts would directly impact our ability to fight terror at home.
Probably World of Warcraft. I started playing at its peak and only because my dad recommended it. Before then I had refused to play, I thought it looked boring and that I wouldn't enjoy it. But he insisted I give it a try. After that I was hooked. I sunk so many hours into it, I've played every expansion to some extent, and it always seems to drag me back every time they release one. It's like cyber crack. I get it out of my system in a few months and move on for a year or two until I'm back again.
Honestly this is now my goto roleplaying name for DnD or Elder Scrolls. Methuselah Honeysuckle and Ghee Buttersnaps.
I agree with this, but I'd say this is definitely an age dependent thing. By puberty it's not a punishment I'd use, but below that? Couple of days without a bedroom door, or with the door secured open, is gonna be fine by me if they're slamming doors or throwing tantrums.
Spanking with stretched out coat hangers, aka whipping, which is literally child abuse.
I still share a car with my mum and split insurance. I won't lie, my parents did some shit I wasn't happy about when I was younger but I'm glad as adults they've been more than supportive and helpful towards me.
Yep, suuuper grateful for them. More than anything seeing how other peoples parents treat them, and I ask my parents what motivates them and they're just like 'youre my kid, why wouldn't I want you to be happy and succeed? We don't just get to kick you out at 18 and claim any future success as our own.'
It's all about force per square inch. The belt is bad but there's a reason whips are tapered. Straightened coat hangers aren't going to leave welts they're going to break skin.
I, too, have imaginary muscles, however mine aren't doing nearly the work his are.
Which means my Grandad had been there about 6 hours, behind enemy lines. He was assigned to a glider regiment that went in ahead of the landings to sabotage the shit out of any infrastructure they found.
For the record, I abhor spanking. I find it insane that we are expected to speak rationally with adults, or face legal repercussions if we don't, and yet I'm legally allowed to physically assault a child if they do something I don't like. It's assault to hit someone who is racist or misogynistic or just an asshole, but it's discipline to hit a child who may not even understand what you want or its importance. That's fucking stupid, but legally it is where the law stands. Whipping, on the other hand, with essentially a wire, is not defensible.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm not denying a belt can't break skin, simply that the same force put into a wire will focus the impact more.
You're mostly right. As you'll see in my other response I abhor spanking, but pain IS a legitimate and valuable tool when used to teach appropriate lessons, in a controlled way, rather than just as a punishment. An excellent example for this would be fire or heat. If you keep telling your kid not to touch the stove and never show them *why* they'll never understand it. However, if you hold their hand with yours, next to a hot flame, not enough to cause damage, just until the heat feels uncomfortable, they can understand the negative relationship with heat much better. Physical pain is, from an evolutionary perspective, a well established teacher, when used appropriately.
My mum never spanked me. I wouldn't behave like that because I knew I would get whatever other punishment she decided on, but I certainly *wouldn't* get whatever I was after. You can't really look at the isolated behaviour and say "see, this could be any child" when there is always formative behaviour behind that action you aren't aware of.
Nono, you're missing the point. Isolated in the sense that you're getting a single snapshot of the behaviour from the child and the parent, and not a view of the grand scheme of their relationship. If, for example, a child has been placated by the parent in the past, reinforcing that behaviour early on, it stays with them for a long time. Whereas another child may try it for the first time, get shut down in a non-violent but still decisive manner, and never try it again. It's easy to say they deserve a smack, but they're not brats because the non-violent discipline isn't working but because they're not getting it implemented correctly period.
Suits are for weddings and funerals. Anything else.alwaysbhas leeway.
See, at the time Of never understood it, but my dad always waited. He never, or at least very, very rarely, did it angry. He gave us time to think on what we had done, to calm himself down, then used it as a punishment, not anger therapy. Which is much better, until what you're thinking about is how unjust it is that you know you haven't done anything wrong and are still about to be punished. That's how shit starts sticking with you, gives it time to sink into your memory.
Two hours is a long time for a mark to stay, fuck. And doesn't even account for the fact different people mark in different ways. My fiance bruises like a peach but it's.hard to leave a mark on me.
I just do both. Listen, acknowledge, cuddle, then advise. In that order. Once you've acknowledged their problem and sympathised with it, your advice, even if it wasn't what was wanted, comes across as more sympathetic than problem solving.
I'm simply arguing that he claimed to be what the individual I replied to was suggesting. I'm not the one who asserted that he, by extension of 'everyone of every race and creed' was. Although frankly we have no way of knowing for sure.
Can't decide whether this is a hip dysplasia or a thalidomide joke. Either way, sick but clever.
Oh man this is a legit question. I struggle with this internally every time I see a film with him in. I mean, my rule of thumb is that a good actor can make me forget I'm watching an actor, but a great actor makes me believe they aren't acting. RDJ is a great actor. Not just because he is Tony Stark, but stuff like Sherlock Holmes and Tropic Thunder sell him well. Same goes for a lot of others. Tom Cruise SHOULD be a great actor, and has moments of greatness. But his reality is so batshit that seeing his face makes it almost impossible to suspend reality. Kirsten Stewart is an example of this. She's bad because she's a passable actress but enough of a drama in reality that it always bleeds through. So I've kind of concluded Tom Cruise just about gets a pass because I can often believe the character, if not necessarily forget he's acting. He's a great actor whose reality hampers his performance by making it hard to suspend belief.
Its strength is two-fold; it destroys other items around you without you having to hold down the throw button like a shell or banana, and it disrupts other players. It's great for those moments when you're next to another racer and they've got something prepped. You don't want to overtake and have them use it on you, and if you or they swerve you might clip the item and spin out. The horn lets you jump ahead on that sort of even moments. Great for things like Baby Park or the Motocross loop.
For one, I spell it correctly and spell it aluminium. Then pronounce it as such. But what do I know, I'm just British.
Islam says it's wrong to have a favourite.
Not a punishable sin as such, but that the marriage of multiple women is only to be considered when a man can do justice to them. This is considered to mean to support and treat them all as his wives equally. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polygyny_in_Islam This gives a pretty decent overview of the sections of the Qu'ran specifically discussing it, as well as the role a husband and wife are expected to take in marriage.
At least you have the courage and honesty to admit it, which is more than most people do, especially on the internet, so I tip my hat to you!
I mean, when it comes to quality of play it's a really risky move, even with five former top level pros. But on the other hand, the sheer mind games that causes would be brutal for another team. You're just gonna ban the top five meta problems and pray for a favourable matchup because trying to keep up with all five of their preferences for every lane just isn't happening.
My TV is pretty thin even inside the case. If you're confident enough to remove panels I think you could probably get it to at least half the thickness OP has. The biggest challenge is power, you can see OP actually has enough space to hide an extension lead behind the frame as well. Power wise, it's running on a raspberry pi which doesn't take much power, and a LCD screen is, well, an LCD screen. I was actually just talking witg someone in this thread about putting a camera in and using facial recognition to change the layout. But I'm wondering if you could use basic motion detection on the pi software and a small camera to turn the screen on and off? Would probably save a fair bit of power this way.
Nah, my dad has car. The only way you're making that thing lift up is if you get a forklift under one side. Thing is built like a tank and drives like a passenger liner, but it's surprisingly low with a wide wheel base. No oversteer in the world is going to lift it off the ground, especially not on the drivers side where the additional weight is.
Every November 5th I look over my city, with all the smoke from the fireworks, and the red glow on the horizon as everyone fires off rockets and burns bonfires, and get a brief glimpse as to what the hell of war might look like. It's always hauntingly beautiful when you don't have the fear that goes with it.
Okay, guess I need to practice my mushroom work, thanks!
I had no income and had had no income for three years when that was being checked, just to be clear. Before that all id had was part time minimum wage while still in school.
I'd like to say that if you show them enough attention they stop looking for it unless it's really necessary but my current cat has broken me in that regard. He is truly incessant. I don't understand why, because he and his brother both get attention, but his brother just wants it less. He does occasionally come looking for cuddles, and when he does he gets them because it's so infrequent so we take the opportunity while it's there. But Rascal just... It's a constant whine. The attention seeking never stops. You scratch him for 10 minutes and then it stops and he wants more. Sometimes he doesn't even want attention when he's whining! Food, nope, water, nope, cuddles, heck nope. He just whines and then leaves. He is truly exhausting. But they're both mostly well behaved outside of the whining and bringing in presents for us.
Nice description and I like it. I actually have a degree in Philosophy, even though my tastes run much more towards the scientific. There are still certain branches of philosophy that are really interesting, and worth debating over, like epistemology, ethics, metaphysics and such. The problem most scientists have is that their exposure to philosophy is often limited to theology, and when it's not, it's ethical or moral questions tied into theology, or its claims on philosophy being taken out of context (no such thing as a fact, that sort of malarkey). I gave up on arguing over the existence of God because it's not something youre easily going to change someone's mind over. It's a matter of faith, they don't logic their way into it, so you can't logic their way out of it. Debating God's morality isn't going to do much better, it's just a more interesting discussion.
Mine were fairly accurate but they think I should be running for office for both Labour and Conservative areas. Apparently I'm just a man of the people. My biggest issues were not wanting foreigners residing in the UK to vote apparently makes me racist (I feel like citizenship, not residency, should be the requirement. If you move over here and apply for citizenship by all means, but otherwise no.)
Bingo. I know what it takes to be a doctor, and I trust my doctor to give me medical advice, but I don't ask him about my taxes. I'll trust a teacher to tell me about how my child is learning, but they are not behavioural experts, and they're also as prone to bias as anyone else is.
Not a teacher, but in a line of work that requires the same sort of patience. Your ability to stay calm in chaos is really going to be the test of whether you'll be a good teacher or a bad teacher. Being able to have a fucking terrible day, and drop it all at the door as I leave, is easily the most valuable skill in my job, swiftly followed by being able to be a responsible adult in even the most fucked up situations. And its not something you can even really learn, it's something you have to live. If you can keep your calm, you can remember what you need to do to do your job.
Have you never been to a school before? Even as student in high school we knew way too much about some of our teachers personal lives. Who was fucking who, who cheated on their wife, who got off with the recently graduated sixth former in town...
From the sound of it, quit and pushed out aren't mutually exclusive here.
I'll just keep a tight hold of my fiancée's ass with my free hand. Can't hold a rail AND grope two women at once!
My god that is a massive shit across Donnie's bow.
Irrelevant cat is still adorable. Can we make him fourth in line before the arrests begin?
To be clear; he wanted to answer Trump's request to know, not to volunteer the information.
"I like reading your words. It's like investigative caramel."
Oh and he's modest too. I'm feeling a bit of a brocrush coming on...
Put it on the top shelf, it's fine.
Wondered why these questions sound like something Donnie would ask "Why didn't you tell me it was illegal! It's your fault!"
To be clear, there's been multiple questions he won't answer in open session. There's a reason for that and some of them sounded juicy af.
No, Comey confirms the exact wording would not be a direct, undeniably clear order, but that the context and situation of the discussion made it clear to him it was a direction.
Every unclassified memo Comey made.
Someone else had a Twitter link to at least three convictions carried in the phrase "I hope".
Pretty sure all the 9-5 jobs are being kept for the the greatest generation.
He's implied it. He can't categorically state Trump ordered him to drop Flynn, but as the head of the FBI he felt that he was being directed to do so.
Nah that last question was gold. Too many people saying Comey had cleared Trump of obstruction, he just blatantly refused to say it wasn't obstruction.
Trump wasn't. He has explicitly said that when he was fired Trump himself was not directly under investigation although they were aware it may lead in that direction.
What happened to the speech Trump scheduled during the hearing?
Love it. Maybe they finally found some American hookers that do a peepee show.
Totally possible, Comey can only confirm the unclassified memos as he retained them as a private citizen and passed them over personally.
As they're saying, safe seats are always less reliable.
you'd put a puppy a few months old with exceptional behaviour training to sleep because it's not vicious? It's not foresight, just regular sight.
That certainly rings a bell to me as well.
Yeah you're not far off actually. The left wing are mostly old communists and working class supporters/old school unions, while the more centre left "New Labour" would be modern unions and middle classes that have a social conscience.
Farron just has to look at Nick Clegg every time he feels agreement with another party to get a quick dose of reality.
Johnsons apparently already ruled himself out. Can't even remember if he's an MP anymore, can't remember if he took another constituency after being mayor. I mean he can still be PM without being an MP but it would be very, very rare.
Doubt it, we had that referendum a few years back and AV was voted down. Maybe we could revisit it, but I doubt there would be a major shift.
Can we all take a moment to shout of the sheer stamina of David Dimbleby for talking for a solid NINE HOURS at his age. He's only meant to do this every five years and now it's an annual event!
Sure, by yesterday. Six weeks ago she had a ridiculous lead. That was the problem.
Because they have no mandate. They are over the DUPs barrel and they had no need to be. They chose to call an election almost three years early.
They're awake, gotta shag the cows and feed the wife before they can start counting.
I'm campaigning to call it Election 2: October Boogaloo.
May has a lot of practice running in wheat fields that might help, but I wouldn't be surprised if Corbyn still wanders round in a sack once a month to remind himself of his roots, so it could go either way.
Not really. At least, no more than it was likely before. If there had been a hard swing towards Lib Dem, then maybe. But it all depends how things go from now. In a year we could end up in a situation where Lib Dems are the difference between a left and a right government and they hold a guarantee of a final referendum as their sticking point for a leftist coalition.
Just throwing out that Dumbledore explicitly mentions that the terms are that Harry still calls Privet Drive home, and has to return once a year. That was all that sealed that reinforcement. That's how they break it early in book 7; by removing both Harry and the Dursleys and making it very clear to Harry once he leaves he won't ever return and it won't be his home anymore.
I was enjoying this, it I ruined it for myself when I realised it sounds like it should be on Sim City or Cities:Skylines soundtrack.
Middle class with a social conscience was directed towards the notion of supporting New Labour as opposed to a centre-right government. I was insinuating that the aspirational working, and newer middle classes, which historically in the UK would support Conservatives, were attracted to New Labour's social policies.
Oh good, so you're just wrong then.
Got no doubt how often it happens. I'd rather innocent parents get investigated than have children beaten or even killed because someone didn't take two black eyes seriously.
Daesh, their plan enacted, Theresa, her cuts under fire.
Work nights. Worked Christmas day, finished boxing day. Built a computer for myself. So... I built a computer. Not that hard to stay awake that long if you keep yourself occupied.
Jou have one weesh left, proffeseur.
On a similar note, don't treat me like an idiot. I've got severe hayfever. I'm prescribed the strongest antihistamine they can give me, I can only get it with a prescription, alongside a nasal spray and some eyedrops which I can get over the counter. I've been on these for about a decade and yet every year I have to wait and get a prescription for the tablets by visiting a doctor, because a seasonal. illness means they won't give me a repeated prescription. For something I've had a decade. Maybe if I could get an appointment that wasn't either a month away or an emergency I would bother going but I feel like it's a massive waste of my time and there's to go through all that for a 30 second 'give me more meds'.
Tried telling this to people all the time. At 6ft tall, if you rotated me about my tallest point, so that I was laying flat 6ft in the air, that height is sufficient to kill me if I hit my head and don't break my fall. Trip over backwards? Dead. Hands full? Dead. It's not that hard to die by accident. So given that fact, I try and be a bit more considerate of what I'm doing before I do it. The last thing I was as my epitaph is that fucking up something really stupid got me killed.
And when enough people voted Lib Dem, they sucked votes from other left wing parties that would normally benefit from those seats, and then joined a coalition with a right-wing party who proceeded to shit on everything people had voted for by voting Lib Dem. They fucked up their party for a generation because the moment they got a sniff of power they traded everything for it. And the result was they took the blame for every negative effect of a Tory government for five years. Cameron managed to win in 2015 because everything he did in the previous five years was blamed on Lib Dems propping him up, instead of his politics. And that's not even mentioning the fact that Clegg signed a fucking pledge, on camera, that lib Dems would NOT vote for any rise in tuition fees. Then voted for a rise in tuition fees. He directly fucked over a generation that had given him their trust, and he felt that in the next election, and felt it last week when Sheffield Hallam told him to fuck off. The people who wanted reform voted for the party of reform, and were burned for it, then voted for reform, and were outvoted by the elderly who always turn out in larger numbers, because anything more complex than "biggest number wins" was too fucking complicated for them.
If this election taught us anything, it's that right now theres no such thing as a safe Tory seat.
Wheat fields. The mind boggles.
Similar question to Cameron awhile back was about the cost of a loaf of bread. He didn't know because they have a bread maker. It's about them being completely out of touch with how so many in the country live. Not the poorest or worst off, just those who aren't being paid very well for a relatively simple job with a complex title, who don't have the connections or family history to get a leg up into a comfortable upper middle-class lifestyle at 22 and coast there indefinitely.
As a non-American finding it all a bit confusing, is impeachment the only way to charge a sitting president with a crime? So the FBI, CIA, hell the police, couldn't actually levy criminal charges against a president without the agreement of Congress/The Senate? Or with enough evidence could the FBI arrest him for a crime regardless? I'm not necessarily even talking about current events, just in general. Like, given how much the Republicans want to protect him, if it went as far as murder and then had his confession, would they still need Congress to impeach him?
I'd argue depends how close they got to the top. Although in that vein, I know that Brian Blessed once made it to within 1,000ft of the summit of Everest, without oxygen. Supposedly on that attempt he turned back to save the lives of another group. I mean, there are worse ways to fuck something up, but 28,000 feet up a 29,000ft mountain, with no oxygen, I say fuck the buggers.
Ehh, I have to say there's definitely a difference between a first party exclusive and a third party one.
It's harder to cower in the corner from a Giant if you're sat down, after all.
Oh okay that's fair enough, I only caught stuff on YouTube so was aware it was an EA Bioware title but nothing more.
That would make sense but at this point, with the game being available on every other platform, the only people hindered are their own players. If you owned a PS4 and nothing else then you're going to get it there. But if you and your friends are across multiple ecosystems the PS4 wouldn't be your first choice.
He had it in as a free vote, because he knew that it would pass even if half his party voted no. He wanted it through but didn't want the conservative traditionalists to cause him grief so he promised a free vote repeatedly.
I credit Steve Jobs with it. Jobs realised that the biggest market for technology was well educated professionals, but that an office devoted to PC would be a hard sell. So he funded Pixar, grew it to increase the number of digital artists, increasing both digital art cultural penetration and his own market, before helping negotiate the merger with Disney. Now owning Disney stock and having influence at ILM, he began slowly turning the wheels of the geek chic revolution with a single goal in mind; Make the geeks cool, make technology cool, make HIS technology cool. The man played 5D Go with the entire industry before dying to a curable disease by trying to eat Vegan as a solution to pancreatic cancer, after seeing his own success and having it go to his head.
Sounds like a good guy. He's got the same mentality as me that's gotten me and my fiancee into a stable lifestyle with a plan and a future. We are saving for the house deposit, engaged, and will be saving for the wedding once she gets a promotion. We've been working at our 3 year plan for 2.5yrs and it's followed along nicely, and any delays at the other end aren't the end of the world and won't stop us from prepping for stage 2. Im about the same age as your daughter's SO, as is my fiancee, and we see people our age spending their money on travelling or having kids too soon, with no thought to their long term security. I think it's a massively underrated thing in our generation so it's nice to see other parents who recognise that forward thinking in their children's lives.
Well, is there?
While I see your point, by your argument, Europeans have just as much reason to be ignorant of America and better versed in Europe, especially given that Europe is WAY more diverse, has much more history, most of it not shared, and is approximately the same size. But we are expected to know more about the US. So... What's the excuse?
Not a traveller in general, I'd rather not. I dont feel the need to visit somewhere to take an interest in their culture or to learn about it, certainly not going to leave myself penniless, or worse, go into debt on some adventure to 'find myself' when I know who I am.
Ehh, they seem to go either way. Either they don't care, or they care WAAAAY too much.
Well it's either that or he has a cloaca and its all coming through one hole anyway.
Can we trade them for the DUP? Please?
As an Englishman I look forward to a United Ireland under English rule, but frankly with the way our fucking country is going I think Ireland, Scotland and Wales need to unite and kick England out instead...
Yes but this is the point the fire system engineer is trying to make; the legal standards for fire protection in these buildings is so low that a building of this scale.can go up in flames entirely, even though everyone is doing at least the bare minimum legally required, THAT is a legislative problem; the bare minimum required isn't enough to make sure the building is adequately fire-safe, either in containment procedures, evacuation, fire suppression, whatever the flaws are.
Not just that, it had control issues as well, and the whole collectathon style is a lot more tedious for today's gamers. Mario collects stars. And coins, but they're not used for anything really. It has a much better balance for that type of gameplay.
After a heavy night of drinking, a man wakes up in bed, no memory of how he got home and horribly hungover. He struggles downstairs, past the mirror in the hall, noticing his black eye with a groan. He sits down at the kitchen table, his wife not even turning to see him, and awaits the inevitable earful for having promised to be home early. His wife turns around, and lays a big plate of cooked breakfast in front of him, smiling happily, and also with a black eye. He stares at her, astonished, and asks what the hell happened last night, and why she's so happy. "Well, you came home at 2am, and I was sat in the front room waiting for you. You had no wallet, and had thrown up all over yourself. So I started telling you off and told you to get undressed, and you said no. So I started undressing you and you screamed "get off me you bitch!" And pushed me away. I fell and smacked my face on the bannister, and YOU fell and smacked your face on the shoe rack. I screamed at you and asked you why you wouldn't get undressed and come to bed, and you told me you can't do that because you're married!"
I see them as doing a job, at the end of the day. They weren't conscripted or forced to fight, at least in the US or the UK, so they volunteered for that shit. It's a hard job. They deserve praise for doing the job well, not simply for doing it. I often find it strange that hating on the police is almost a national pastime in the UK, but the armed forces are sacresanct. In the modern world the police do more to protect me personally than the armed forces do. And we can respect the job they do as being difficult, and respect those who die in the line of that duty, and those who complete that duty well, without being considered abhorrent for acknowledging the problems with the service. I think there should be better compensation for the death of a serviceman, in the police or the armed forces, and better post-service medical help as well. But that should also be available to pretty much everyone. It should be a contractual part of the package of signing up.
I stayed up, watched the keynote, immediately pre-ordered it. I played Zelda, but Mario is my big thing, and im interested in Splatoon even if I never played it. I just knew that waiting until Mario was coming out would leave me switchless. Because artificial scarcity is the new console bundle.
Why would they stop using a perfectly good torture device?
As I said though if it's a free vote he can put his conscience first if he wishes. One of the reasons I don't like the whip/free vote system. I vote for an MP based on their manifesto and election claims not their personality.
Independent in this sense does not mean independent of anyone, but independent of HER. That baby cannot survive without being directly attached to that mother. No surrogates, no alternatives. And again, that need still does not trump bodily autonomy. Let's say it did. Where does that stop? Do I have to give my child my organs in order to survive? Do I have to tether myself physically to a child for the rest of its life in order for it to survive if that's what's necessary to maintain their life? What ages does that become unreasonable? 2? 3? 18? If you lose track of your child you aren't published on the basis of your familial relationship to them but your responsibility as a guardian. You would be equally culpable as a guardian of your niece, nephew, adopted child, or just as a child minder. I also didn't claim they weren't human. I didn't even make any claims as to the status of personhood of the fetus either, which is a whole other kettle of worms. They're human because human is a biological definition, but some would argue that humanity is not sufficient for personhood.
I'm wondering though if the one in the ground would do okay because it's green glass; filtering out a lot of the sunlight but leaving the least beneficial green light. It might result in slower growth for the plant, but still reducing the sunlight enough to keep it from overheating?
Funniest thing I've ever seen was a heron land on a swing set in my back garden. My two cats sat by the window, tails going like mad, daring each other to go for it. If it wasn't sat 6ft in the air perched on a swing set I think they'd have still tried. They gave no fucks. An owl will totally kill a cat with the advantage of stealth, but cats are much better general hunters. Owls only have one good move and it serves them well; approaching from a distance and grabbing and killing whatever they're after before it knows they're there or can get away. If an owl can't get a good run up or was stuck in a room with it, a cat will eventually fuck it up.
This plus the neck issues you can get from having your head turned. I sleep on my stomach a lot and tend to turn myself every few hours, but I do get the occasional neck and back pain. I also massively recommend a Tempur mattress if you're suffering from back pain as a larger person. It's done me wonders, I'll never go back.
I work 38hrs a week slightly above minimum wage. Depending on the month my wage is either just above or just below average rent in London as you gave it.
My all means, I'm always happy to talk civilly about what is absolutely a nebulous question. Some would argue that those twins do have a right to kill their sibling. In fact, when conjoined twins are born, the seperation is often performed regardless of risk to a single baby. This is generally done because there is a much higher risk of complications in conjoined.twins who aren't seperated, but seperation almost inevitably goes ahead regardless. I'd say the bigger issue in this situation is often the question of whose body is it. Genetically those twins are, except in the rarest of rare cases, identical. The majority of non-identical cases end up as Chimerism, in that one fetus absorbs the other in utero, and potentially ends up with clusters of their cells in their body. For the identical ones, there's generally some level of greater integration of the shared bodyparts to one body over another, but they are, technically, a single human body comprised of two persons. They're actually really interesting cases that muddy the waters a bit, but for the purposes of this debate I'd say that if sufficient evidence could show which twin was medically dominant over the shared bodypart, that twin would have the right to have their twin removed. Not an easy decision to make by any means, but ethically justifiable. In regards to the severed arm, for me personally it comes back to my original point about potential life; the fetus isn't currently an independent life, and therefore doesn't deserve rights independent of its mother. However, it has a potential for independent life that a severed limb does not. It is that potential future that makes us place greater importance on the fetus. When it comes to the fusing thing, I'd again have to refer back to the twins assessment; if there was good medical evidence to support whose body it was, I believe they DO have a right to separate themselves, even if it kills the other person as a result. Unfortunately, this will always be an issue with no clear answer. Much of it boils down to ideas of humanity, personhood, and inherent value, and our own intrinsic beliefs in those areas dictate how we will consider the situation. As a Christian, you will all life, especially human life, as sacred, and of inherent value. I'm an atheist, but for other reasons as well I hold that humanity has no intrinsic value, but that personhood is what gives our lives value, and that until a life form can exist independently of the vital systems of its host, that life form lacks an independent right to exist. It's not an easy topic, but my primary value in life is the intrinsic rights we grant humanity by virtue of their personhood, and my belief that those rights exist as far as they do not conflict with those of another. This in itself is a long topic of its own accord, in regards to how interactions between the rights of others infringe on your own, and vice versa, to what extent they should, and so on. A brief but by no means exhaustive summary would be to say that your right to life can compel me to inaction, so long as that life is not continuing on the basis of directly infringing one of my own. Your existence doesn't prevent me from killing you simply by virtue of you existing, but if it prevented me from exercising bodily autonomy, I would have the right to redress that to the extent that my right was returned.
That's why I said that if the owl has a runup they'd win, but anything less than that you're in the cats favour. Let's say theyre put in a medium sized aviary. Big enough to fly around in, but also lots of tall trees. The owl has a chance, but the aviary isn't big enough for the owl to swoop and gain enough speed. So the cat will, eventually, get the owl when it has to perch, or else tried to come too low at a slow speed. As the ability of the owl to approach from a distance increases, its likelihood of winning does too.
Yeah and while I get what you're saying, my point is the owl has to catch the cat first. Cats are fast and agile creatures, and they're not going to stand still and let an owl swoop down at them. In a space where the owl can't get any sort of speed up, then a small owl will be caught and beaten by weight, and a large owl will either be waited out until it has to land, or else out manoeuvred because it's huge wingspan makes low and stationary manoeuvring much harder for it. Honestly I'm seeing the biggest benefit the owl having is that neck. Being able to turn around and peck with their sharp beak might get them free, but it depends how well the cat grabs them. If it can get them by the back of the neck on the ground, or even just their back itself, and not just grab feathers, owl is gonna die.
Had it for years as recently as 2014, getting them again next month for a hawaii 5-0 themed party.
The battery drain for using voice chat on top of a game that's already online is pretty miniscule. I mean, to give you an idea, phones quote something like a 20+hour talk time on 3G compared to a video playback time of like 10 hours. And the video playback we all know is bullshit on the lowest possible settings. The battery difference is what, maybe 10 minutes a charge if that?
Every now and again my fiancee treats herself to another Sims 3 expansion. She gave me a dirty look when I offered to buy Sims 4 for her birthday. Meanwhile also fuck SimCity, get Cities Skylines.
And yet, Nintendos game quality isn't really faltering. Odyessy looks great, Splatoon 2 does, Arms has been well received, and Mk8D sold very well. Fuck, BOTW sold more Switch copies than they've sold Switches. Like, they literally sold that game to people who couldn't play it yet. If you could be that consistent, you'd sell a console to keep them on too.
More like BNL. Another 5 years and it'll be President Bezos.
I would love a proper conjoined highway so much. It's frustrating that they're broken up. How often do you want to have lanes split like that? Its useful to have, but a good 80% of the time at least they're running lanes right next to each other.
Until you start remembering that your Simizens are idiots, it stays that way XD But it does get better once you get the hang of what they need and how they work.
It wasn't a great sale, it was maybe £10 off the whole package. I figure with the summer sale coming I can get at least 50% of all the previous expansions. I know Snowfall is about that discount on the paradox sale ATM. So I'm assuming next week they all will be and I can grab the missing three for about £15 instead of the £35 they wanted.
Yeah but all you do is move the orange portal to another upward facing surface between cycles and shoot yourself upward into the sky, and have a pole you can catch onto on the top. Or even better, just let yourself yoyo back and forth until you lose momentum. You think it's scary own, imagine when you reach the peak and start falling backwards....
Feet first :P
Why is this marked as removed - fake news? edit: never mind, clear now it's the posters own tag not the articles.
Never thought I'd see the day I was concerned about Welsh terrorism.
1) Again, he attacks things he doesn't understand, he doesn't call out anything worth calling out, only things he has zero understanding of because they scare him. 2) when you're dirty and you are born into money, yes, you do. When you have the money to keep hiring people to do the hard things and to keep you out of trouble, you can snowball yourself to almost anywhere. 3) Democrats obstructing a Republican Congress and Republican senate in which they have no power? Get real. They haven't forced a govt shutdown like the GOP did a few years ago, they don't have the power to defeat any vote. The idea was just stupid, and so exorbitantly expensive that nobody is insane enough to try and fund it. 4) Supreme Court says no, and they are the top of the legislative branch. The Constitution gives him no such power. If it does, by all means, quote chapter and verse, verbatim, from it, to prove me wrong.
1) There's a huge difference between reality TV and News production. 2) I never said he couldn't make money. But there's plenty of smart people out there making money for other people, in order to make money for themselves. As I've said, Trump hires smart people to protect him, and smart people to do smart things. He's also almost entirely immoral in his dealings to the point of near illegality, or in some cases, ACTUAL illegality. 3) That's just blatant misinformation. There's no large scale movement in the GOP to hinder or oust Trump right now. There's no control by the Democrats in either house. 4) So yeah, not in the Constitution, but the Immigration and Nationality Act 1952. It's not a Constitutional power, but a legislative power that can be interpreted, amended, even outright stricken if necessary. Not to say that will happen here, but there's definitely reason to question the breadth of the law.
Now go patiently wait for the BNP and EDL to come out against this tragedy, distance themselves from such violence and make it clear loud and publicly that they don't affiliate with these terrorists. Y'know, like they keep saying Muslims aren't doing after every attack perpetrated by Islamic extremists...
I've been watching BBC for about 8 hours now. They've had constant coverage. Breakfast on BBC One just finished so coverage is currently fly on BBC Two and BBC News channel.
Bridge incident didn't declare as a terrorist incident until about 5 hours after the fact. The parliament attack earlier in the year took even longer. The police don't declare it formally until they're ready to.
There's websites out there for swapping shoes with people with the same size feet as you but a mirrored amputation.
Clearly they're not rounding up all the dirty skinned lot fast enough for him.
I want to preface this with having not watched the whole video at all. I'm not disputing what she said at all, but I'd definitely have to say two things; 1) If the house is considered a workplace, as Valkrin says he assumes at the beginning, that would generally give TM a right to providing some level of dress code while in the house. In particular given the house may have a bunch of live camera feeds at any one time for streaming, I can see why someone would at least think of putting it in. The wording to that clause would be more helpful, because it could either be extremely vague and giving them way too much control, or extremely specific to identifying a general dress code for all residents or staff attending the house, including players. Likewise, the cosplay thing is VERY wording dependent. There is a huge difference between them being able to tell her to cosplay certain things, and them being able to veto a cosplay they feel could harm their brand of their manager was seen wearing it and they became associated with it. I wouldn't consider them being able to instruct her to wear a cosplay reasonable at all. But I can see the mentality behind wanting to know your manager isn't spending the weekend wandering around a convention hall in a costume that damages your brand. I'm not saying either way what the specifics of them were, merely that there is definitely a difference, and I've seen on both sides of a contract people who don't really consider the impact the phrasing of such clauses can have. It could be she misinterpreted a clause that sounds more ominous than it is, or that they loosely worded a clause that needed to be crystal clear.becauae they cheaped out and didn't get a lawyer to draft it. Or they could just be suuuper creepy. But theres definitely some vaguity there.
Only collectable by the team that actually downs the herald. It spawns like that so you can control who gets it rather than defaulting to the killing blow.
Adaptive helm would be better adapting to damage source in relation to champion, rather than spell. It's a very niche item that might help against something like Cass, or maybe a dot like teemo poison, but that's about it. Adapting to the entire champion for a few seconds would give it good damage negation against a single burst champion who would have to plan around it. Do some damage, wait for the cooldown, then go again.
Some food is just worth marrying over. I regularly tell my fiancee that I'd never leave her because her brownies are too nice. I love all the other stuff too but even if she turned into a bitch if she kept feeding me their brownies I would have to deal with it.
As pointed out by Michael McIntyre, almost any noun can be used as a euphemism for drunk. "We were totally and utterly gazeboed". Edit: got my nouns and adjectives all verbed up.
Aside from the issues surrounding this particular problem, I'm not aware of much brand presence from them at all, positive or negative. Given that this issue has come to light after the contract was written, Im not one to make assumptions as to their intent in this clause without actually seeing the clause itself. If there's one thing esports has seen a lot of, its people not actually understanding a lot about legalese or the implications behind it, even people who are great at other things. I can't imagine any contract lawyer signing off on a clause that would so blatantly bring a pretty indefensible sexual discrimination or gender inequality lawsuit. I could see an idiot CEO doing it though. Which is why I was simply advising to reserve judgement on that specific section until the complete accurate wording of the clause was known.
People keep posting shit about caring about Aladdin and that's not accurate. The release coincided with the release of Toys, a film Robin was the star of and had a personal interest in. He was willing to be the Genie if they kept his promotional profile low so that he wasnt essentially competing with himself. Toys ended up as something of a bomb if a bit of a cult classic today. He blamed Disney for it.
In some respects I totally agree with you. But there are specific individual situations where I think applying the usual laws does a disservice to the creator, and I consider Mickey Mouse as one of them. I feel like there are situations in which the creator of the copywrited media has clear intentions for that media to be retained by the company they simultaneously created. I don't pretend to know anything about the vastly complex laws surrounding copywrite trademarks, intellectual property etc. But I know that at their core they're about protecting the rights of initial designers and creators of unique works, and their right to monetize that work for a prolonged period. Now for some things, like medicine or technology, where the work is more discovery than creation, it makes sense for that period of protected monetisation to be finite. But for artistic pieces that have become almost synonymous with the company they are owned by, or even represent, the idea that they could become public domain seems kinds silly to me. The idea that the company Walt Disney founded could lose their right to protect the legacy of Mickey Mouse, a legacy they have curated and are responsible for, seems wrong. Like Superman comics being made by Marvel, or Nintendo no longer holding onto Mario. But Coca-Cola can still protect their name, when many of these characters are as synonymous with their companies as their very names are.
This guy fucks.
Loving the undertones to this idea!
Unless I've missed something, transgender, non-binary gender and intersex would all fall under gender discrimination.
One must ask at this point what she claimed to pay for.
Mine lately has been that reverse PIN in the ATM thing.
Yeah my point was more that people do that for prospective outsourcing, they look for examples of their portfolio. If I was considering hiring a small photographer or studio to do my wedding, I would be looking for a website or social media page by their name. If I found one like that which was both examples of their work and their personal stuff, I would feel like I wasn't engaging with a professional service, regardless of how good the photography is.
I know nothing about this but just incase you hadn't thought of the direction, look up hydrographic painting. It normally is used for patterns, but I think it would be a good way to get what you're looking for. Especially if you're after a bulk option.
I wouldn't because I'm a bloke but I definitely think it's style dependent. I don't think anyone would look twice at a white dress and jacket with an over the top hat. Maybe pure brilliant white, but at least ivory I can't see why anyone would think that an issue, especially on an older woman.
I love BBC News, but their tech and gaming reports are always fucking atrocious. Badly researched written for the lowest common denominator. The latter I can forgive but they need someone who actually plays these games proofreading shit before it goes live.
For that specific example the division comes from plurality. I/he/she/it are all singular so carry was, we/they/you are all considered plural so carry were. You can be singular as well, but is generally treated as plural.
If you haven't done it yet, I would advise double checking anything you use on the back of a Switch. My DIY knowledge is low but the back of the switch is a very... Unusual material. There were a lot of problems developing skins for the switches because of what essentially boils down to how porous that back material is. I'd just be really careful applying anything to the material on the back without thoroughly researching its effects on a porous plastic.
The short version is "check up exactly what material the back of the switch is made of, which should be around online, and make sure whatever you apply won't soak in and fuck it up."
I've always mained support, and decided the other week I needed to try and be more flexible and experience more of the game properly. So I went fill. 5 queues, 5 bot roles. Was not exactly what I had in mind.
I just started watching War Machine and was thinking exactly this, I even tried to figure out the best subreddit to post this sentiment to. And then I go to r/all and some fucker beat me to it two hours ago. That's just creepy.
Reminds me of when I played Runescape back in the day. The Old Nite was a max-ranked player who passed away. As new skills were released with additional skillpoints that effected the overall rankings, his account has slowly fallen away. Very sad :(
It's an awesome looking skin, but really isn't basic Ahri Soulstealer Ahri?
My grandad went over in a glider the day before the Normandy landings, job was to sabotage the infrastructure to make it harder for Germans to mobilise and manoeuvre. Sadly the only.story I have apart from that was of him shooting a German Solider when he was alone in an orchard. Nobody with him, no way of knowing if the German was alone or unarmed, did what he needed to to keep himself safe.
My grandad went over in a glider the day before the Normandy landings, job was to sabotage the infrastructure to make it harder for Germans to mobilise and manoeuvre. Sadly the only.story I have apart from that was of him shooting a German Solider when he was alone in an orchard. Nobody with him, no way of knowing if the German was alone or unarmed, did what he needed to to keep himself safe.
My grandad went over in a glider the day before the Normandy landings, job was to sabotage the infrastructure to make it harder for Germans to mobilise and manoeuvre. Sadly the only.story I have apart from that was of him shooting a German Solider when he was alone in an orchard. Nobody with him, no way of knowing if the German was alone or unarmed, did what he needed to to keep himself safe.
Found the BuzzFeed writer.
Impressive. I had mine pierced when I was 11 and haven't worn an earring for... At least 8 years. I still got one in last weekend out of curiosity.
You either get to pick your own dress with a colour specification, or you get a dress bought for you and wear it whether you like it or not. Anything else is rude, from one person or another.
Well, given that your alternative is that they ignore any player union that crops up, because no player union would have the hard backing of enough players to throw any weight around, assuming they even got the money to get off the ground, there are very few alternative routes to take. One way or another you're going to have to rely on Riot respecting the role of the Player Association for it to be in any way useful. Better one voice in a quorum they listen to, than no voice and closed ears.
Having the "right" is questionable at best. As others have pointed out, it took decades for other sports to establish unions, and it took a concerted effort by former pros on behalf of the new generation, as well as substantial financial backing, organisation and most importantly player cooperation in order to gain the strength to *make* an organisation respect the power of the union. Riot is searching out new territory in a new age of social media, where a single player can get their voice out and have thousands of fans in an uproar in hours. They're taking a cautious but proactive approach to player representation, and one that still gives them a voice at the table. Much of the issue is a difference of perception. Some see it as a power move to control the association. Others see it as Riot trying to invoke pre-emptively damage control, by stopping issues getting to a point of formal action and threats by an external union, and instead keeping constant open communication with their players through that association.
The only time I think anything even approaching this could even potentially be useful is if the lesson was about how it feels to be bullied. But that.makes you as a parent into a bully as well. I could see the logic in this situation at least, making the punishment fit the crime and all that, but anything else is just... no. Discipline should not be public, and it should be a learning experience as much as it is a punitive one, moreso when they're younger.
The problem is that while on a national level it comes out to that, the anti-vaxxers tend to run in communities. Those communities become vulnerable as the protection in that area weakens. You won't see a national outbreak, but on a local scale you certainly can, and even those who have been vaccinated can be effected.
Fine. Buy generic number plates for your car that match its make and model, go and buy a prepaid visa card, along with aforementioned food, use it to book a budget hotel online, specifically one you know has self-check in machnes, drive somewhere remote, put the plates on, drive there in your car, wear a disguise to go inside, checking in with the machine, and sit and chill. If you want to make this more secure you can also use the money you have to buy a fake identity or four that you can keep booking hotels under with a bitcoin wallet, as well as to pay for a really good prosthetic to be delivered anonymously so you can just disappear into a crowd before making your way to the hotel.
