Which movie, just out of curiosity?
SJWs, their games, their ideas, the things they like, the art they want to create...have a right to exist, as much right as anyone else's. But when they seek to censor, to indoctrinate, to propagandize, to lie about games and slander gamers, to circlejerk their friends, blacklist their enemies, shame creators and players, and otherwise try to exert control over the direction of the hobby and related spaces? That. Is. UNETHICAL. It's disgraceful, unfair, unjust, sometimes flat out illegal behavior whether they are doing it in the name of ideology or not. It serves the cause of ethics to oppose this, and it serves the cause of ethics to point out the general lunacy of the people doing it and the things they believe, because those ideas and dogmas are the excuse they use to justify their unethical actions, since to them the ends justify the means. And drawing an arbitrary line that we just don't talk about things like protein world or shirtgate because they're not directly gaming related is shooting ourselves in the foot. These are clear cut, obvious examples of SJW censorship, witch hunting, bias, and general unethical behavior that neutrals and people outside the hobby will understand, and they are useful tools to expose the general mentality and tactics of our opposition without having to catch everyone up on the history of GG and complex gamer issues. Ultimately, these "off topic" SJW events SERVE THE CAUSE of ethics in gaming by helping to expose the same group of bad actors who are poisoning our industry to serve their political purposes. This is not TIA, it's not about just posting stupid things they say and laughing at them. But their efforts at censorship and all the rest of the bad shit they're also trying to do to gaming? That's relevant even when they're doing it in other spaces because it serves as a useful example, and maybe even lessons we can take and apply in gaming, like the way protein world stood up to them, that's a lesson devs could learn from, and we should be trying to teach it.
Going on a tropical vacation is my safe space! I'm totally not privileged at all!
They never backed off on paid mods? But...they took the system down and admitted they messed up?
Don't waste 10 grand on some stupid prank, whatever you do with it Milo, put it towards something actually worthwhile, a charity, bees as someone suggested, or maybe some sort of pro-gamergate campaigning.
If Valve wants to release a paid modding system for one of their own games...well how's that different from steam workshop stuff in DOTA or team fortress? I mean, I'm not against the idea of paid mods in principle, some mods are truly professional quality stuff that deserves to make money, and WOULD make money if not for copyright issues. I just think Valve implemented the system in a very bad way the first time, lopsided rev share, no consumer protections, all sorts of potential for companies to abuse it... This refund system is at least the FIRST building block towards amending policies so that paid mods COULD be a viable system in the future. I'm just afraid their first attempt might have so badly poisoned the well people will now be paranoid.
I like the comment "Gamergate people will think anyone is GamerGate if they talk about da ethics and da industry". How do you rationalize that statement with believing ethics is a smokescreen for harassing wymynz?
The narrative seems to be starting to crack in vidya, maybe the rest of the world isn't far behind.
To McIntosh, facial expression is just not good enough, he outright says so. This game is a triumph of facial mo-cap, Geralt's face (and really everybody's) is super expressive, but it's not a "real" show of emotion to this guy unless he breaks down in tears, wailing in angst and tearing his clothes like a tantruming five year old. And he somehow thinks that including something in a game is endorsing it. Geralt literally can't cry, his mutations have somehow damaged his tear ducts, this has lead people to believe that Witchers are emotionless, leading to fear and suspicion of them, and pigeonholing Geralt into a very narrow social role against which he chafes. If anything, that's an open CONDEMNATION by the game of the idea of "compulsory male stoicism", but I guess that's too subtle for McIntosh. Here's a thought Jon, maybe if you don't think anyone should "talk over" women about feminism, you should leave discussions of masculinity to people who actually have some.
They're TRYING to offend you, that's the POINT! It's like going to the heart attack grill and complaining there was no diet food!
"but the dictionary definition of feminism is equality!!" The part where they start talking about how in a non-monogamous system, all men are forever alone virgins except a lucky few is one of the best examples of horseshoe theory I've ever seen though, echos redpill rhetoric perfectly. Couldn't tell if this person actually can't spell polygamy though, or was trying to "womyn" it.
Funny thing, I've been bulking and cutting to build muscle for about two years now, and every time I cut, I stick with it, the weight comes off no problem, and I look like a lean mean fighting machine until I make the conscious decision to bulk again, and I've never harmed myself in the process. All it takes is a little willpower.
"Zoe Quinn dared to make a game that challenged the status quo of "what's a video game"". No she didn't. Depression Quest IS a video game. In fact, text adventures were among the very first video game genres, and DQ has an express failure state, your character can commit suicide. It's unambiguously a video game, it's just a bad one.
Well sure, I'm the first one to say "you can't ban someone from a hashtag", it's sources like ralph retort going out of their way to defend him that concern me.
I tend to go by the TB definition. If it has mechanics, interaction, and an express or implied failure state, it's a game.
The idea that Geralt is emotionless is just such obvious bullshit. The characters in Witcher 3 have beautiful facial mo-cap, Geralt included, you can SEE his feelings. This just isn't good enough for a clod like McIntosh who can't grasp subtlety and thinks that if a character isn't whining and tantruming, they're not showing their emotions. He seems to have never grown up, and therefore doesn't understand adult reactions to emotion. He's latched onto the whole idea that "Witchers have no feelings", which is an in-universe myth based on the fact their mutations render them unable to cry. While Geralt himself insists this is true, it is BLINDINGLY obvious that he doth protest too much. It's like the joke about the robot who's sad that he has no emotions. Hell, the man's entire QUEST is about love, both paternal and romantic!
I assume this person thinks twitter and tumblr followers actually mean literal...you know...followers.
Given how many of them can rationalize violence by "marginalized groups" I wouldn't be surprised if they'd really believe that.
If some chick wants to some sit on my lap on the subway, she's welcome. Well...normally, this one on the other hand would probably cry rape if I got a boner.
It's a bit of blatant but harmless fanservice, it shouldn't need justification beyond that. We're just dealing with nutcases who think fanservice is inherently evil and oppressive...at least if it's fanservice for straight men, Dorian's ass is fine.
There's nothing liberal about SJWs, they are hardcore authoritarians who only want everyone to be free....to live exactly as they tell them to live. Same shit as the worst bible thumpers.
thennophobia is entirely reasonable. As in, literal phobia, they're terrifying.
You're grading whether DINOSAURS are portrayed in a sexist manner, you have officially jumped the shark. Or the giant thing that eats the shark as the case may be.
99% of the time, defending free speech is defending someone's right to be an asshole. But letting them do so is a necessary evil, because once free speech starts to get curbed, abuse is inevitable, I have NEVER seen a speech code that hasn't been subject to abuse. Plus, there's the other important matter, the question of bias. I'd honestly be fine with it if Reddit legitimately went out and banned ALL the subs that harass and brigade people on a regular basis. But they're not. They're only banning subs opposed to progressive ideologies. I doubt we'll see a single SJW sub get banned no matter how heinous its practices. The goal is an ideological shift of the site, the rest is a pretext.
Two wrongs don't make a right. FPH is a shitty sub full of hypocritical asshats. But so's Ghazi, which lies, censors, brigades, bans people for no reason, and is exclusively aimed at hating another group. But they have the "right" politics, so they're not banned. I stand by my statement that I would have no problem with this policy if the bans were evenhanded and politically unbiased, but as long as Pao is only banning subs that are anti-SJW, this is a legit problem.
So now it's not about the behavior of the sub, now it's about the principle of the fact it was banned, even if the new sub has better rules against harassment. "not banning ideas", riiiiight?
You know, I don't disagree that a lot of reality TV is lowest common denominator voyeuristic trash, but I don't think it's because of racism.
Yes, painting your face completely chalk white must totally be about black people...
Well I agree with one thing, if you wouldn't jump on the opportunity with a pornstar, there's clearly something wrong with you! But seriously, I get it, to some people, a lot of people, fidelity is extremely important, and they couldn't get past the idea that this person's job requires them to do something they consider to be cheating on them. That doesn't mean you look down on them for doing it, it's just not something that works for YOU.
I don't know what's crazier, the part where she expects a guy to go to jail for a crime he didn't commit as a martyr for her cause, or the part where she's concerned about men transmitting unspoken slurs by mental telepathy.
I feel really bad for you man. You are a black developer, making a game about themes of social justice and equality, in which (if this is anything like other deus ex games) there is always a non-violent, or at least non-lethal option for the player, with complex, mature storytelling that touches on important real world themes. If the SJWs were true to their claimed convictions, they would be lauding you as a hero, and your work as a seminal game for our age. But because you used a metaphor for racism instead of hitting the audience over the head with the subject matter, because you respected the player's intelligence and trusted them to understand an allegory, because you created art and not propaganda, you're being crucified by ideologues who stand for nothing beyond meaningless anger. Thank you for standing up, thank you for speaking out, thank you for not staying quiet or apologizing when you've done nothing wrong. Thank you for not being their shield. Let GamerGate be your sword.
Well if you'd rather I fucked you up the ass...
Probably, like I said, it's SO PERFECTLY TIMED right when she needs something to play the victim about. But that's beside the point, we shouldn't let ourselves be put on the defensive like that, having to disprove and distance ourselves from accusations that we did something that is part of normal, completely acceptable political discourse and campaigning. Even if we HAD done this, we'd have every right to, and we shouldn't let the SJWs construct a narrative that makes it impossible to use ANY method of campaigning against them without it being labeled harassment.
Free speech is essentially dead in Europe, express the wrong opinion and you can expect a visit from the cops, a chilling vision of where we're heading when even creating a platform to PERMIT free speech is considered unacceptable.
Because as bad as the KKK is, they never took over the country and murdered millions.
Holy hell, the one about how transwomen are their property made me want to vomit....
"truscum" gets me every time. How can anyone be part of a movement that considers caring about truth to be scummy and not realize you're on the wrong side? Like seriously, these are people who make everything about identity politics while outright saying you can just make up your identity, that's nuts.
Eh, watch, but no need to worry just yet. Every time there's a mass shooting, the left tries to score points by blaming lack of gun control, and the right deflects by blaming the media instead. And invariably nothing is accomplished by either side. This is a stock political drama we've seen played out a million times. Besides, the religious right is no longer really listened to on the subject of games, and the violence panic has lost its traction and been thoroughly debunked. Given that pivoting to an anti-violence stance basically just destroyed Sarkeesian's credibility overnight, I don't think this is gonna get anywhere.
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-iVqvZ-GSAgc/Tu1x5fINjyI/AAAAAAAABJs/qRrrRt9w6_U/s1600/AFRICA+WEIGHTLIFTING.PNG Your excuses are INVALID. I refuse to believe that you don't own shoes, and you can't afford a swimsuit, and you've never seen a YMCA, which will only ask you to pay what you can afford. You seem to have a computer and an internet connection, so no, you're not so destitute you can't afford shoes. But even if you WERE, even if you were fucking naked and penniless, you could still drop and give me 20. Pushups, situps, lunges, planking, etc, never cost anybody a dime.
Now it's 1 in 3? Pretty soon they'll say it's 1 in 1, just GOING to college is rape.
Of the three main female characters in FFVII, one has very large breasts, another has very small ones, and the third seems about in between. I cannot imagine a way to be MORE "representational". Anyone who has a problem with that doesn't want more diversity in games, they want LESS, and their principle motives for doing so, logically, can only amount to jealousy or spite. So Square's got a pretty clear choice here, they can cater to the people who love their game, or they can cater to the people who want to SPITE those who love their game.
Frankly, if someone working at pizza hut wants to eat a perfectly safe, fresh, edible pizza that was simply rejected by a customer for being the wrong order, I see no reason not to let them. Maybe they're worried that employees might deliberately get orders wrong if they think they get free stuff by doing so? But if the average pizza hut is already throwing out 20 pizzas per day, I can't imagine anyone would need to do that....
Oh yeah, but the reverse is perfectly okay, the dictionary definition of feminism is sacred, but everything else is "outdated" or "biased"
You posted pictures of your tits, and now you're shocked people who don't normally read your blog looked?
Don't you know that the word bad has misogynistic and homophobic origins?! And "unreal" mocks people with reality disorders! Stop triggering me, shitlord!
This contains enough buzzwords that it sounds like a troll. If not though...friendzoned werewolves, lol!
I always played femshep and I always romanced ladies (okay not always, but come on, they gave me Garrus as an option, how could I not?!). Probably not for quite the same reasons an SJW would, but I still enjoyed having the option.
It was a stupid comment to make in public, I can understand why it upset people, I can understand calls for a retraction or an apology. I CANNOT understand or condone it destroying someone's career, it just wasn't even close to that big a deal.
I support petitions to ban statehouses and any other official institutions of government from displaying the confederate flag, as the secession was an act of treason. Private entities, however, can express whatever the hell views they like, including to espouse that a group of historical traitors had a point. And the idea of censoring historically accurate representation of the civil war because it might offend someone...that's just lunacy. Those who forget their history are doomed to repeat it. In principle, I support the right of private stores to opt not to carry a product they disagree with, so long as the decision is born of their own convictions and not a response to outrage, but I also believe stores should exercise reasonable judgement in their use of that right, or they kinda suck as stores.
That doesn't mean he's a misogynist, it means he's a hack. Just because something is a cliche doesn't mean it's sexist.
Gone with the wind was not created to be a piece of propaganda advocating for the confederate cause, it was created to be a piece of art, depicting life at a given time period, from a certain perspective. Gone with the Wind is a valid piece of media. 12 years a slave is a valid piece of media. Both bring useful insight into our understanding of both our own history and the human condition. Scarlett O'hara's story does not invalidate Solomon Northup's, nor the other way around. Every slave owner does not need to be evil to call slavery an evil institution, even good people can sometimes do bad things out of weakness or ignorance. The mere condition of being a slave is inherently and obviously an abuse, the slave's owner heaping additional abuse on the slave on top of that is not necessary, and even the fact that SOME slave owners did so and the system was deliberately and inherently structured to normalize and enable such abuses is more than enough to condemn it. These facts are obvious to any rational person, we do not need to propagandize history, to tell an implausible and outrageous lie to ourselves and oversimplify the world into cartoonish heroes and villains so that nobody could possibly "get the wrong idea". We don't need to force the media to act as though every person who lived in the South before 1865 was basically Calvin Candy, we don't need to deny those we disagree with inner lives, dreams and struggles, and real humanity in spite of the cruel institution they directly or indirectly supported, and pretend that to a man, they fought for nothing but sheer and wanton cruelty. That is itself an effort to dehumanize others in the most extreme way possible. TL:DR, no sane person is going to suddenly decide they're pro-slavery simply because they saw a movie about a likeable slaveholder.
And then there's arkham. There should be a B rating too, as in, utterly BROKEN.
Yeah, they really have, we really need to jump on this before any of these tricks become normalized, I really don't want to see the brand of graphics card you have become the next means by which certain content and features are locked behind some sort of exclusivity and it becomes even more impossible to get a full and complete game.
This is actually a really useful idea, but I think it needs less rigid categories. For example, TB's recent discussion of Koei games ports...into which of those five categories would you put "the game can run at 120FPS...4 times as fast!", the framerate may be limitless, but it's still broken as fuck, but in a way that doesn't exactly fit into their five neat little boxes. They need a more open system to better categorize all the numerous inventive ways devs can manage to fuck up.
I...what? SERIOUSLY!? I don't know if someone like that gets off on hypocrisy just for the sake of it, or if he's for gun control....to put the competition out of business!
Having worked on shadow of mordor, what was your opinion on the game's ending, and if you agree with many fans that it was...to say the least a lackluster final boss, why did the devs/publisher go ahead and do it like that anyway?
FFVII has three main female characters. One has a small chest, one has a medium chest, one has a large chest. What could possibly be more "representation" than that? Denying Tifa's figure is asking for LESS diversity in games.
I think the majority of people here would say that they have a right to exist and are a legitimate medium, but probably aren't our taste, because we're more into traditional gaming. And also that "art games" that lack actual mechanics should not call themselves video games. Not because they're lesser, or gaming is somehow exclusive, but because every product should be accurately advertised so the consumer can make an informed purchase. For me personally...I think this is a very new genre/medium that's only beginning to find its feet, and like many things at the start of their life cycle, they don't get things perfect right out of the gate. There is a lot, and I mean a LOT, of pretentious twattery currently going on in this art form. Bad games made by snobby hipsters who think they're brilliant artistes (extra e on purpose) who look down their noses at regular video games and take any criticism to mean that their genius was lost on the unwashed masses. And that's not a unique problem to art GAMES, people like that seem to be an obnoxious constant in art in general. That said, I think this medium has potential in the hands of people who are competent and not full of themselves, I don't think art games are an inherently bad idea, Stanley Parable showed me what this concept was actually capable of and I liked what I saw. We can debate all day whether Stanley Parable is technically a video game, but whatever it was it was funny, and intelligent, and worthy of my time and money. So yes, more of that please, and less of Sunset.
He turns out to be factually wrong, yes, but he's still seen as a good man and a wise, worthy mentor for our hero. Others saw him the same way, because EU writers (in the old canon) continued to have his ghost appear to Luke to offer sage advice long after Endor. Luke exceeded his expectations, but that didn't make Obi-Wan bad. And mind you, I don't think Obi-wan personally is bad, I think he's a well meaning cog in a system that had become corrupt. But back to the point...on what evidence do you believe Lucas meant for us to see the Jedi as having become bad? Because I can't think of any instance in which fault on the part of the Jedi has been acknowledged by any sympathetic character, or otherwise pointed out in any way that can't be dismissed as a villain rant? As compelling evidence that Lucas DOES NOT believe this, I would point to the clone wars TV series, which not only does nothing but glorify the Jedi, it goes absolutely OUT OF ITS WAY to avoid ever making them look bad. Take for example the case of Barriss Offee, who ultimately becomes extremely disenchanted with the Jedi, and this is treated as a fall to the dark side on her part, and before the audience is allowed to hear her side of the argument (which is dismissed by all likable characters), we're told about all the horrible things she's done now that she's "evil." Or the case of Master Krell, a villain of a four episode story arc from the same show, initially depicted as a cold and ruthless Jedi who'll do anything to win, but in the end revealed to have switched sides and be secretly working for Dooku. He'd have been a much more compelling character and the whole thing a much better story if he'd simply been what he appeared, a Jedi commander who refuses to see the clone troopers as fully human and doesn't care how many of his soldiers he gets killed. But Lucas instead chose to sacrifice his narrative for the sake of making sure that all Jedi remain unambiguous good guys, and any counterexample can be dismissed as "no longer a true Jedi".
I mean, where she talks about how it doesn't properly develop relationships. That's a plot hole. And frankly, things like giving the viewer a proper sense of scale (something Star Wars, which treats planets like towns, has always been bad at), or explaining its core mythology elements in ways that aren't terribly simplistic and out of touch with believable human behavior...are things that other movies are expected to do IN THE MOVIE, not relegate to supplementary materials. Because most movies don't HAVE supplementary materials! Frankly, if a game did this, we would call it cutting out part of the lore to sell it separately as DLC. If another movie did it, we'd call it convoluted bullshit. I don't know why people give Star Wars a pass, especially after they nuked the entire EU after decades of building it up. I'm sorry, but I refuse to give a shit about the new EU. I could tell you all about the Celestials and the Infinite Empire, the Force Wars of Tython, the scheming of Marka Ragnos and Naga Sadow, all the way to Palpatine's clones, Grand Admiral Thrawn, and Luke's descendant Cade. And then Lucas sold the license and Disney capriciously threw it all in the trash, shrugged, and said "well maybe SOME of it happened" with no specifics. Once burned, twice shy, I'm not gonna spend that much time and effort learning lore they'll just retcon next time they're bored again. They can make coherent movies like everybody else and not use the EU as a crutch.
Maybe not Zangief, but Ryu certainly does, they seem to have given him an entire skin based on that idea in the new game. Vega is definitely a bishounen type character whose physical appeal to the presumed tastes of female players definitely seems like a considered element of his design. But I digress...if that is so, what would be an example (from a video game) of fanservice designed to appeal to straight men of conventional tastes that's NOT diminishing for the female character providing said fanservice? If Capcom is doing it wrong when it comes to Chun Li, what could they look to as a model of how to do it right?
Witcher combat isn't clunky, it's...deliberate. It's about preparing a plan of attack carefully BEFORE the fight, then executing it. Geralt's not a superhero, even with his magic and mutations, he can't just take on an army and win, he's gotta be very careful about how he approaches a fight, but when you pull it off, especially on the higher difficulties, you feel like a badass.
One of the best things I've read in a while. "Rey would be ashamed of you!" absolutely hilarious, deserves sticky. Or at least, would if reposted tomorrow for sanity sunday.
People who rant about this kind of stuff, comparing wanting a woman to shave her legs to pedophilia, are usually the first ones to dismiss a man they disagree with as a "neckbeard". Shaving body hair is hardly a female only thing, manscaping exists too. Or did you think the Hemsworths, the Winchesters, Stephen Amell, Taylor Lautner, and all your other hearthrobs just naturally grew no chest or back hair?
The writers of PPG were actually really fucking smart, they predicted A LOT.
Satire.
Best? Witcher. Worst? Ignoring trash-tier shovelware that plays like a high school project? At least the BIGGEST DISAPPOINTMENT would be battlefront.
Gamers right now are in a very defensive frame of mind, and we are that way because a bunch of loudmouths showed up one day and started accusing us of horrible crap and demanding we change. Given the situation, I don't think it's unreasonable that we're on our guard. And as a consequence of that, we ARE suspicious when it comes to intent, and I think we have reason to be, there ARE a lot of very clear cases of developers making changes that negatively impact our enjoyment of games in direct response, or at least direct correlation, to pressure from feminist groups. It should not be taboo to question someone's motives IF you have actual evidence (circumstantial evidence included, it's allowed even in criminal trials after all) to support your accusation. You should not need proof beyond all reasonable doubt before you're even allowed to MAKE THE ACCUSATION...but you shouldn't make completely unfounded accusations either. So yeah, there's baggage, and that goes doubly when writers actually come out and say "Look at our super diverse diversity guys!" and make it clear that decisions they made in their creative process were based on politics taking precedence over plot. Rey is a good example of this. Rey, in effect, COMBINES the roles and abilities of both Luke and Han, and in many ways, she's better than either of them were in both their areas of expertise, at least relative to their skill levels in a new hope. When one character in a movie is THAT MUCH more powerful, more special, and more capable than the entire rest of the cast, completely self-taught, and needs no help from anyone ever, the accusation of "Mary Sue" is just about inevitable, and when the person behind that character has already said that they made the character that way specifically to make one demographic feel like the movie is for them now, the accusation of pandering won't be far behind.
&gt; The player cannot help but treat these female bodies as things to be acted upon,because they were designed, constructed and placed in the environment for that singular purpose. Players are meant to derive a perverse pleasure from desecrating the bodies of unsuspecting virtual female characters. You mean THAT preceding paragraph where she makes MORE unsupportable motive assumptions, AND claims a player cannot help but do something they VERY MUCH have a choice whether to do or not, and in fact perform better in the level if they AVOID doing? And refers to living female characters as bodies, to imply they were murdered when they weren't? If numbers are meaningless, your argument is unfalsifiable because it's impossible to meet the goal of proving that a significant enough number of gamers were upset by these decisions for it to matter. I never said she's out of canon, I said that star wars fans would argue whether the movie is contradicting or ignoring prior canon. You know, like fans always do, sitting down and dissecting writer mistakes by pointing to all the things a series has said or demonstrated previously to prove that it's not being internally consistent? The discussion only BECAME KIA-worthy when SJWs started attacking people just for saying she's a Mary Sue. It's irrelevant if she IS one or not, at least to the mission of this sub, it's relevant that people should not be shamed and slandered for daring to question the writing quality of characters SJWs approve of.
To be fair, if there really were a 5000 year old all-powerful illuminati composed of half the world's population and nearly all of its government, industry, and armed forces, dismantling it, if even possible, WOULD be a colossal task that would take generations to accomplish.
That's...remarkably sane and a very good summation of events. Hopefully, more and more of what remains of this country's sane left and center is realizing that they have to take their asylum back from the lunatics or they're gonna end up with President Trump.
Hahaha! The shit people fall for...
Right and wrong simply does not matter to these people, only progressive stack. Whoever is less privileged is right, whatever fits the narrative is right.
I'm glad you're having romantic fantasies about your future perfect life with the one you love, that's definitely the right attitude to have going into a marriage. But you know everybody thinks that, right? Gay or straight, male or female, every lovestruck person in history has been fantasizing like this. It's not a social issue, it's not political, you're in love, embrace it but don't think it makes you better than everyone else.
How about we see people as individuals instead of blaming them for the actions of categories...which is...you know, the hallmark argument of the SJWs.
"Such as"? How does a person prove consistency? How do you provide examples of a person NOT being a hypocrite? Find examples of them saying the same thing at different times? But...that's almost everybody on the planet! And the difference between this person and all those SJWs claiming they're being driven out of places for being feminists, is that she's actually right. You ARE trying to drive feminism out of this space. In a quite dedicated manner. You show up to shit on Liana every time she's brought up, you demand anyone who identifies as a feminist "be accountable" for all of the movement's sins to try to shame them into dropping the label, you outright accuse them of being part of a hate group...I know you get mad when I say you're doing the same thing as the SJWs, but this is all literally word for word from their playbook, denouncing people because they belong to categories, guilt by association, accusing people of being in hate groups...you are incredibly, RELENTLESSLY, hostile.
They're PANICKING now that they're facing more and more scrutiny and resistance, and the more they panic, the more extreme they get, which only makes them look worse in a vicious cycle. It's also fairly inevitable when you create a club in which any member who is too moderate is crucified, but there are no consequences for being too extreme, the overton window can only drift one way.
DMCA needs more stringent protections against abuse, and against the chilling effect of paranoid websites implementing informal DMCA systems with NO consequences for abuse.
Martinis are girly? Tell that to James Bond.
Twitter is not going to die, it has too dominant a market share in a niche of social media where it has no real competitors to take it down. Before people will start mass quitting Twitter, they need someplace to GO. That said, it's quite likely to fail as a corporation, get bought out and restructured, hopefully by people who have somewhat more regard for free speech, but that's a coin toss.
Like I said, feminist criticism as a broad school of thought (analysis of the role and station of women), not necessarily by people who self-identify as feminists and ascribe to the beliefs of the current feminist political movement. "Women should be allowed to vote" was, at one time, the current major feminist criticism of our society, and I think even most modern anti-feminists would agree they got that one right.
There is a difference between being accepting, and using your gay kid as an accessory to virtue signal how progressive you are.
Trust but verify, gonna need more proof of an allegation like this. However, let's not forget that whatever we may think of people like Milo and Allum, any good they are doing is basically IN SPITE of where they work, Breitbart, as an institution, is as corrupt, biased, clickbaity, sensationalist, and agenda pushing as any of the SJW rags, just on the other side. Whatever alliance of convenience we may have is with a few people who work there, not the site itself. In short, it would not even slightly surprise me if an allegation like this turned out to be true.
No it's Becky. They just love to turn random words into pretend slurs, don't they?
SJW entryism has been so thoroughly rebuffed by now that they can't even stop people from hijacking THEIR OWN narrative.
You....probably should be playing with both hands, don't be a feeder, scrub =P
Clearly, what we need is to make the art in things worse so that there's no way a straight man can be getting off on it!
When caught in a hypocrisy, SJWs always resort to the same formula, "We CAN'T be guilty, because REALLY, [bad thing] = power + [bad thing], and power must be institutional, systemic, and held as a class!" EVERYTHING is "power +", with power being defined in whatever arbitrary way prevents them from having it for the purposes of argument, no matter how much power they actually wield within a given sphere. In this case, it's "censorship = power + suppression of ideas", in which power must be governmental.
SJWs have basically lost all their power, more and more people are openly defying them, not caring what names they get called for it, and proving it has no impact.
This is illegal, this is overtly, OUTRAGEOUSLY illegal, a public college withholding people's education unless they're willing to disclose their sexual history? That's invasion of privacy!
So in other words, we just need to get the SJWs swole and this shit'll stop?
All fun is problematic, how dare you feel competitive at a competition?!
I'm sure somewhere there's a woman who can do it. Like, I'd love to see Ronda Rousey or someone like that try the IOC, I bet she could do it. But it's gonna be rare as fuck, I mean the overwhelming majority of men couldn't do that, and the upper body strength difference is just...real.
The punishment for this level of stupidity should be having Jar Jar come to life and follow you around being Jar Jar.
Good way to actually kill somebody...
You lost me when you said you were a hardboiled detective romance novelist martial artist....
Censorship? Is it censorship when we do it to SJW clickbait rags? Cuz that's what he runs, a clickbait rag. He's an unethical journalist and he shouldn't get ad revenue from his horseshit.
Seriously, it wouldn't surprise me if most people could never reach that level of fitness no matter how hard they trained, it's just above the level their bodies can reach.
That's called getting allies.
Honestly, some of the Smite Goddesses are tame compared to how they were actually drawn in their respective cultures. Okay hi-rez, I'll add this positive move to renewing support for tribes...now just uncensor Kali and we'll be good.
Bahahahaha! I'm so sorry Zoe, I guess being white you're just not good enough anymore. This is basically their remake of the SVU episode where they can "fix" the only thing they thought was really wrong with it, make the victim also the hero.
Fundamentally, the problem with SJWs is that they assume that you are "telling them how to feel" or something similar, if you give an opinion. Like, if you don't agree with them, you're putting your own opinion on some kind of special pedestal and ENFORCING it over theirs...but when they do the same thing they're not. They must be so fucking insecure.
Well, you're currently #5 and rising on the front page of KIA, so *I'm pretty sure you've succeeded in getting GG to pay attention*.
Yep, already happened, I think we got like a hundred new subs overnight already.
And put in the language of "white man's burden" no less. As if we didn't already know they were cultural gentrifiers.
Eh, this was a pretty brutal take on mods in general. While there are certainly some like this, I think the problem is often a far less sinister one. These people simply have no training. They're given essentially absolute power, sometimes over thousands of people, without so much as a handbook on leadership, fairness, or management. Between users constantly pleading with you to use your powers in some way that benefits them, often at the expense of another user, and your own (possibly misguided) efforts to grow and protect your community, it's very easy to go horribly astray, and often anyone not simply screaming obscenities at you for any perceived mistake is afraid to say anything you might take offense at.
Valid feminist games critique exists, diversity and broadening the appeal of gaming are in themselves worthwhile goals, and sometimes games fuck up on these topics in the most tasteless, tone deaf ways and I just cringe. Some call-outs are justified, we shouldn't act like there IS no right way to do these things just because we believe the other side is doing it the wrong way. When we start doing that, WE risk becoming the censors. Discovering statistics like that 93% of purchases on the Wii U e-shop are coming from men may prove some of our points, but we shouldn't act like that's a statistic to be PROUD of, if anything we should be wondering why that's the case and why so much money is being left on the table in untapped demographics, it's not even an equality issue, it's just a practicality issue, if we want game profits to keep up with game budgets, the hobby needs to keep growing. There ARE harassers and misogynists in GamerGate, look at Ralph Retort, we tolerated that asshole for a year and a half before finally realizing he's gone too far. He went too far from day one, we never should have let that kind of cancer fester, and he's not the only one. We're so afraid of being corrupted or infiltrated by censORS, we forget it's not the same thing to cenSURE, and that we're NOT the people who believe there are no bad tactics. We will eventually have to make peace with SOME form of feminism, even if and when we defeat the radical SJW types, feminism is not going to just go away in any of our lifetimes, nor should it. One day, hopefully, the day will come when both their movement and ours are no longer necessary, but we're just not quite there yet. If we want the culture war to end though, we're going to have to build compromise and consensus with moderates on the other side, and we're fools if we're blind to that or not willing to get into the nitty gritty of what a sex-positive but not sexIST gaming landscape might look like with them. Okay, I think that's all the things I usually get downvoted or jumped on for saying around here.
Be accurate and factual, point out the dangers of establishing a precedent of censorship, don't defend the game if you don't think it deserves defending, just describe the game accurately and defend its right to exist. If doing that would be the end of your career, then frankly you need a new career, because you will ultimately have to choose between accepting that fate, and being willing to lie for a living.
Where do I go to FIND people on the other side who are willing to talk? r/againstgamergate is pretty much dead...
Women have more SYMPATHY than men, and some types of legal proceedings favor them in *practical application*, but neither women nor men in modern American society actually have more rights under the letter of the law. Institutional sexism (and racism) no longer exists in the western world in an easily quantifiable, legally codified way, hence why people talk about an "invisible knapsack" of privilege...when it used to be a very visible knapsack in bygone days. It's about cultural stuff now, how people are raised, what they're taught to believe by the world around them...and in my experience, we're taught to CARE more about women, but we're taught to take men MORE SERIOUSLY, the cultural idea that women are fragile (SJWs sure believe that one...), emotional, and frivolous definitely endures...maybe in some places more than others, but let's remember that not everybody's living in a blue state, if you live in the bible belt and still grow up being taught that wives should submit to their husbands, you're gonna be predisposed to very different views than a coastal liberal. So in short, when it comes to the "hierarchy" of our society, it seems like it's easier for a woman to stay in the middle and avoid falling to the bottom, but it's easier for a man to get to the top. Which is better for the average person, more security or more opportunity? That's...a tough one. Different people will have different priorities on that, depends how ambitious you are, I think that's why modern feminism is so convinced men have it better...very politically minded and active people are likely to be more ambitious and thus prioritize opportunity over security. Who has it better? Have we reached rough parity? You can make arguments for all three positions backed up by good logic, but which is the BETTER argument? I...don't honestly know. But I DO know that until relatively recently in history, you very easily COULD have said that men had it better. Whatever parity we may have today is hard-won. So IMO, we still need feminism to EXIST, as a watchdog if nothing else, but I'm torn on whether we need significant further progress along a feminist agenda.
From what I understand they threw Brianna Wu out in the end, even they realized she was only out for herself. I think it's just a question of...if you identify as pro-GG, you're assumed to be evil, you're given no benefit of the doubt and presumed to be there in bad faith, the slightest deviation from their party line confirms that. But if you're part of the in-group, you're presumably a good person and given leeway. Fucking bias is all it is.
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v304/anil_run2/for%20blogging/20110411%20Powergilr%201-12/pg07_05-1.jpg Not a video game, nor the best example because the writer who created this tends to use the bizarre situations Power Girl finds herself in for comedy rather than unironic titillation, but yes, it's possible for a character's behavior to clearly convey that, were they a real person, they would not be okay with being a fanservice pinup.
Hey, someone actually beat me to a Liana link! Excellent "Clarissa explains it all" for how we got into this mess and understanding what we're dealing with. If GG ever wanted to have a reference primer for how to talk to the other side, and how to tell the crazies from the ones WORTH talking to, this is shaping up to be it.
Why is it messed up when...well look at her behavior, her fashion choices, etc, Miranda HERSELF emphasizes her looks, those shots convey to the player the sex appeal her demeanor and presence would convey to characters within the world.
I believe her, honestly. Stress can make you more prone to health problems, the reason for that stress and legitimacy or lack thereof is immaterial. And the way she's been jetting all over the place and going to a million conventions full of con plague? I'd be shocked if she WASN'T running her immune system into the ground. She's had a busy fucking year and a half, in ways she could never have expected or been prepared for. And it's not like we haven't noticed, after E3 we were ALL making the observation that she looked exhausted, unfocused, she'd put on weight, her heart just didn't seem in it anymore...it was abundantly clear that fame was taking its toll. So yeah, I believe her, nothing about this story is fishy or doesn't track with what we've been able to see. She DOES seem to have perked back up in the last few months though, which is a good sign, I mean no rational person actually wishes physical illness on someone for videos on the internet. And I'm glad she's actually willing to account for herself and explain why her videos have been so late, that's...ethical. So get well soon Anita!
I never thought of her as flip-floppy, she's just neutral, she thinks both our side and theirs have certain good points. I've yet to see her directly waffle on a particular argument, short of actual new information coming to light.
It's called an election, we have an opportunity to peaceably revolt every couple years if we want to. Not that I'm against gun rights.
No, I literally do not understand how you can create the vagaries of human interaction and build a female character in a game who the player is allowed to romance and potentially sleep with, but whose affections cannot be guaranteed, who cannot be "solved" or "systemized" or boiled down to a set of repeatable tasks or random number rolls, who has true agency beyond the context of her story as a real, flesh and blood woman would, without creating an AI so advanced it's effectively sentient. Because this is the fundamental difference between us and a computer, we can't be reduced down to a set of quantifiable, predictable data, that's the essence of human free will. (CAN WE PLEASE NOT SIDETRACK INTO A MASSIVE PHILOSOPHY DEBATE ON WHETHER FREE WILL EXISTS?)
Surely now even the SJWs cannot argue this isn't censorship.
Oh for the love of God, how CAN it be done right then, if everyone's motives must be filtered through this deeply cynical lens?
Does the orgasm gap calculate as an average counting women who can have multiple orgasms? Is this determined by number of orgasms experienced, duration of orgasm, intensity of orgasm?
"Artistic media" vs "commercial media" is not a black and white dichotomy, it's a spectrum. Sure, there are some games that are nakedly business driven and creatively bankrupt cash grabs. And there are other games that DO, indeed, spring forth from the creative genius of one immensely talented person, and there's everything in between. I think it would be impossible to look at the thoughtfulness and attention to detail present in games like the Witcher series and not conclude that these games are labors of love, created by people intensely invested in the story they are telling.
Yes, but everything is sexualized by someone, everything is someone's fetish, but by the standards of western media, and despite its vaguely anime influenced art style, Overwatch is western media created primarily for a western audience, these two characters fall outside the mainstream "safe" range of female attractiveness. If they didn't, we'd see a lot more like them in other games.
Yes but *why should they*? Why should players be okay with wasting their time as some sort of...I dunno, sacrifice on the altar of feminism? Their pound of flesh to prove that they accept a woman's right to reject them? Why can't we just accept that a mentally sound person knows the difference between a real woman, and one made of pixels? And frankly, why would any player put in the effort and the risk involved in pursuing a REAL relationship with a REAL woman when they're dealing with a fictional one? And how is it in ANY WAY a good message to send to players, if you want so badly to send a message in the first place, that women are essentially...quite literally random, arbitrary, and unknowable? That just contributes to the stereotype of female irrationality. Lemme put it this way, would what you're suggesting be anything other than terrible game design in *any other situation*? In real life, it's not just the affections of a woman you can't count on, it's everything. There AREN'T any guarantees in life. What if in platformers, there was a random chance the game world would spawn a chasm that was simply too wide for the player to jump across by any means, permanently stopping their progress and ending the playthrough in failure? In RPGs there was a random chance one of the bosses would be statistically impossible for them to beat? Etc etc. I don't think much of anybody would accept that or think it's good game design. It's not the place of developers making ENTERTAINMENT products to teach their players lessons in humility, and most people don't really NEED to be taught those lessons. Your arbitrary frustration mechanic does not actually do anything to make video game women more like real women, they are still solvable systems that any player can work out on a spreadsheet and figure out a way to get the optimal result. You can still guarantee getting that result if you care enough. It's just one more hoop to jump through, and making the process slightly more annoying. Your original argument was that the problem with video game romances is that [correct set of inputs] always = [desired output], unlike a real woman. Your suggestion does not change that fact. Complicating, obfuscating, or requiring repetition of the set of inputs required doesn't change that eventually, if you care enough to bother, you will put in the correct set of inputs and get the desired output. Actually changing this would require a fundamental sea change in how computers are able to process and respond to user inputs.
It's horrifying to even think that it got as far as it did, that even though he was not found to have done anything wrong, he was already pre-emptively punished with staggering legal bills and years of restricted freedom, I won't call this justice prevailing, Mr. Elliott is still far from made whole. But at least it sets a precedent that will protect others in the future from similar injustice. Side note, but does anybody actually have the judge's full legal opinion and remarks available yet? I'm not an expert in Canadian law, but I'd love to read it.
You'd think the technology of the star wars universe would allow a trans person to more easily change their voice. I mean, somehow Hayden Christensen's voice changed into James Earl Jones...
Yeah, but what are the chances that both she AND TB, two entirely reasonable, very well informed people with significant resources at their disposal, who both say Fart has repeatedly contacted them and his behavior has been obsessive and scary, are BOTH being fooled by an incredibly elaborate false flag or misinterpreting him? Certainly the chances are less than 50%. Probably less than 10%, hell probably lower than that. Nevermind that if there's one thing that can be said for Fart, he's a good digger, if his story were true, he'd have found some proof of it by now. Is there enough evidence to convict beyond all reasonable doubt in a court of law? Not available to us, no. Is there enough evidence to personally conclude that Fart is probably a douche? Oh yeah, MORE than enough.
[No he's crazy](http://imgur.com/a/gjP77) The behavior on display here lines up exactly with everything Dodger and TB are saying about him.
Literally owning Kotaku and turning it into a GG hub WOULD kinda be the ultimate victory.... But it would be a pretty damn complicated thing to actually DO, even if Gawker and its properties didn't end up being gobbled up by that Russian oligarch or something.
I just don't understand how this is an issue when I pay taxes on things like aftershave. At least...I THINK I do...if hygiene products in general aren't subject to sales tax then there's no problem with this argument.
To be fair, those are some piss poor numbers for non-black minority groups. Why do some black activists have to steal EVERY racial issue and make it about blacks, even when blacks are the least affected minority by it?
Overweight?! OVERWEIGHT?! It's called the HUNGER games! These people are STARVING! It's already hard to believe Katniss would look like J Law, let alone....where does Liam Hemsworth get all his protein shakes in district 12?!
Okay, so if the cutoff point to "this is outside the bounds of normal play" is not modifying the game itself, where is it? At what point can you establish "normal gamers aren't going to go this far"? If there's anything I take from Dark Souls spawning an entire genre it's that gamers are quite happy to go pretty fucking far.
I don't think she phrased that comment very well if what she had in mind to say was "freedom isn't free", but it's fucking obvious from the context of her other tweets that she was not on the accusers side. Milo needs to fucking stop this shit, it's getting weird.
Do you have any actual proof of photoshopping? Any proof of ANY of your claims? The top comment directly refers to some of the women I referenced as other examples who clearly do not have breast implants. Well, Kim Kardashian doesn't have breast implants. Her ass is maybe more of an open question, but it's usually the boobs that get called unrealistic. Of course, they laser focused only on Kim, ignoring Diora Baird and Charlotte McKinney's clearly real breasts, which are even larger, on even thinner women. Here's the thing, nobody is claiming that the bodies of women like Sonya Blade, Harley Quinn, Lara Croft, etc aren't representative of like the top .001% of all women in terms of conventional attractiveness. But that's no different from their male counterparts, "sexualized", "power fantasy", whatever, in terms purely of their physical proportions, it's the same thing. You can make the argument that you would like to see greater diversity of body types, at least within reason (I am fundamentally against glorifying obesity, pointing to Roadhog and saying "they do it with men!" is not an excuse, honestly they probably shouldn't), you can make the argument that normal people should not be under social pressure to achieve such extremes of physical perfection, you can make the argument that we should be more aware as a society of the sheer amount of effort and full time commitment that goes into maintaining such a body, even if you're genetically lucky enough that it's possible for you. But please stop calling those bodies UNREALISTIC, because it's just simply not true, that's the wrong word, it conveys an inaccurate, unfair meaning. And please try to understand that for a lot of people, games are ABOUT that escapism, that power fantasy, they're about putting yourself in the shoes of an amazing badass and vicariously doing things that push the absolute limits of human capability if not flying wholesale into the realm of the superhuman and fantastical. These kinds of characters have prominently existed since at least ancient Sumeria. The Greeks called them Demigods, the Vikings called them Epic Heroes, we call them Superheroes, and unlike those past, more patriarchal cultures, we allow women to rise to that level alongside men, don't call us misogynists for doing that.
I mean, the evidence seems to suggest that yes they SHOULD, but I don't think they're gonna listen....
Time to cut off another head of the hydra, I'm not worried, DiGRA is a shadow of its former self thanks to us.
So, we've just reached the point where ANY bad thing, whether it's racism, censorship, bullying, harassment, rape, whatever, is [bad thing] = Power + [bad thing], with power being defined so that an SJW cannot have it no matter the circumstances.
It's also worth pointing out that his "Jesse sells out" videos tend to have MORE views than the average for his content, not less. Gamers will not punish you for taking brand deals if you're honest about it!
These people are like satire come to life!
They always eat themselves in the end.
Not that I expect Ghazi to make sense, but we're not on Ralph's side in this. Everybody who isn't part of a splinter group that literally describes themselves as a REVOLT against GG hates this fucker.
Wow, they literally hit all the buttons except Sunset of shilling for the clique.
Remember these people probably also think that installing a mod for skyrim constitutes "hacking" it.
We've gone from "1 in 5" to "1 in 4" to "1 in 3", and now it's finally "1 in 1".
For a second I thought you meant they'd ruined Journey THE GAME...which actually should be an SJW's ideal game, the protagonist is a woman in a burqa.
Thanks for proving our point!
If we're talking about Sarah Nyberg, no, I'm not gonna condemn the entire movement because a confessed pedophile got doxxed, we can quibble all day over exactly what got leaked by who and whether specific bits of information were too irrelevant to the credibility of this public figure to justify releasing, but no, one moment of excessive zeal that publicly embarrassed a person who has admitted to heinous and illegal activities is not even CLOSE to enough to outweigh all the good I believe GG has done.
1: So SHE says. She also described it as a good faith pitch in the same string of tweets she denounced it as an attempt to sneak past her radar. Leigh is not a great example of internal consistency, or honesty for that matter. 2: So what if some idiot on twitter brags? That doesn't mean the person who pitched the article shares their sentiment. GamerGate is probably like 100,000+ people, there's always gonna be a few being jackasses about any given thing.
I think that there is a point where consumer pressure becomes so deliberately organized, so ruthless in its tactics, and so fundamentally dishonest in the rhetoric its using to influence companies that it becomes censorship. Saying you don't like something and want it changed, even saying that very loudly, is one thing, calling it harmful society (with no evidence to support that), calling its creators bigots or abusers (with no evidence to support that), and trying to ruin them professionally until they do what you want is quite another. I also think there's something of a difference between customer feedback FROM ACTUAL CUSTOMERS, and pressure generated by external political groups, buying a product may not entitle you to control the direction of its development, but it should at least give you a bit more right to a say in the discussion thereof than someone who hasn't and never would, and thus isn't affected by it. What made the controversy over the mass effect 3 ending not censorship to me was a combination of the above (nobody tried to remove the game from sale, get anyone at Bioware fired, etc), the fact that said controversy was deeply tied to a greater discussion of EA's general business practices (such as cutting off significant parts of the product to sell as day one DLC), and there is a big difference between a developer's artistic IDEAS and their business practices, and the idea of false advertising. Bioware made big promises about the level of impact your choices over the course of the trilogy would have on the ending, and delivered the furthest thing from that. Yes, a creator has the right to create what they want...until they promise that what they created was something entirely different, and take your money under that pretext, then they have an obligation to have actually created what they told you they had. I also think there's a difference between wanting something ADDED to a product and wanting something SUBTRACTED. Saying a game's ending was abrupt and unsatisfying and you want more value for your money is not quite the same sentiment as saying you want something removed from a game so that no one can see the thing you don't like. Different motive, different fundamental concept. If people had asked Capcom to set a toggle for things like R. Mika's butt slap so they don't have to see it if they don't want to, there would never have been any serious objection. But that's not good enough for some people, they want it GONE, they're not content to ask for the material THEY want so THEY can have a good experience in the game, they want to control everyone else's experience too.
Gendered insults against women are based on a cultural ideal of what a woman should be like and look like, how she should express her femininity, and what is socially expected for her to do with her sexuality, so it's considered insulting to accuse her of failing to live up to these expectations. Gendered insults against men are based on a cultural ideal of what a man should be like and look like, how he should express his masculinity, and what is socially expected for him to do with his sexuality, so it's considered insulting to accuse him of failing to live up to these expectations. Calling a man a sissy is accusing him of acting in a way that is expected and encouraged for a woman (emotional, vulnerable, gentle), calling a woman a slut is accusing her of acting in a way that is expected and encouraged for a man (virile, sexually libertine). Women are called butch or mannish, men are called pussies and pansies. You insult a woman by calling her a whore, you insult a man by calling him a virgin, ironically, calling a woman a bitch is accusing her of masculine flaws (generally used to suggest she's pushy, argumentative, or domineering), and calling a man a bitch is accusing him of feminine flaws (generally used to suggest he's whiny, weak, or cowardly). The same meaning is meant in the stereotypical insults for both genders, "you're doing what THEY should do, not what WE should do!", and yet the insults towards women are misogyny and sexism, and the insults towards men are homophobia, or ALSO misogyny. That's a blatant double standard, it makes no sense, yes, you ARE stacking the linguistic deck to erase inconvenient victims. And that's not even COUNTING all of the insults feminists themselves are so fond of, neckbeard, creep, perv, egomaniac, entitled, "Nice Guy", etc that ARE about demonizing men for stereotypically masculine traits or behaviors.
Because my OP included questions about both ethics AND the "SJW menace". I mean what would I ask pro-GG people, at what point would you decide unethical journalism is actually okay? That's a ludicrous question not even worth posing IMO, even most of the antis answering this thread admit the problem of unethical journalism is real. GamerGate has always had a dual purpose. Yes there's the straight cut and dry journalistic ethics, and for some people that's all GG is about to them. I'm not one of them, I also care about the culture war, I think censorship is unethical and dangerous, I think false criminal allegations (FALSE, not pointing out that someone is a hypocrite because what they're doing is illegal by their own logic) are unethical and dangerous, etc. HUMAN ethics, not just professional ones. I think what your side does frequently goes beyond mean words and internet shenanigans. My side has done some questionable things, and frequently angsted about it. YOUR side has done considerably WORSE things and thrown out anyone who dared question them. It's not a boogeyman that does the same, it's a boogeyman that does much worse. What would you instead have us do? Splinter into a hundred tiny, ineffectual sub-groups that are each too small to accomplish anything and have to spend most of their time denouncing each other anyway? Allow our only truly free organizing hubs to be destroyed because of content we can't control, effectively decapitating our movement? If we assume, *just for the sake of argument* that your movement is bad and needs to be organized against, how could I or anyone else possibly engage in such organized resistance in an effective manner while adhering to the standards you are demanding? You call us hypocrites for not wanting to fight you with both hands tied behind our backs.
I see no point in continuing this discussion if you refuse to acknowledge a difference between content and business model. One is a question of free speech, the other is a question of free enterprise, the law, the history, the expectations surrounding these concepts are entirely different. And frankly, you may have observed what you consider sexism in games, but have you ever observed someone actually coming to real, physical harm because another person's attitudes were made more sexist by the content of a video game? I'm totally with you on making the internet less shitty (so long as those rules are applied evenhandedly to shitty people of all political stripes), I've observed that kind of shitty behavior too, on both sides. But the allegations people like Sarkeesian make that games are creating social problems are NOT observable to the average person, they REQUIRE scientific proof because they are scientific claims.
Oh, I do, but nothing gamergate has done, even in the way you've twisted it, even holds a candle to the three year legal nightmare SJWs put Gregory Allen Elliot through, for instance. Not even CLOSE.
And exactly what ethical rule did we break? Where is the ethical code against giving as good as one gets in an internet slapfight? The worst I'm seeing is "you were douchey to a couple people who were douchier to you first".
Oh, they want to geld us alright, that has an ironic double meaning in this situation.
Gamespot is cancer indeed. In fact, if the X-ray finds a spot anywhere it's likely cancer.
by now, the only one that surprises me is well-organized. Seriously, we're TERRIBLY organized, even when we're not deliberately TRYING to be leaderless!
By this logic, you're actually saying you don't think reddit's so sexist after all.
The Mary Sue is just clickbait, they go beyond politically correct and into some kind of bizarre vendetta.
Wait, since when does their definition of cultural appropriation make it possible for black people to do it?
There is a difference between saying it was cancelled because too many girls liked it, and saying it was cancelled because not enough boys did. They didn't do it because "girls are icky", if their female fans had went and bought the fucking toys they'd have been perfectly happy to leave it alone.
never EVER good enough. No, curvy barbie is fine, glorifying obesity is not.
They want engaging in entirely legal political activity to support the frontrunner of one of the two major parties to be grounds to fire someone, that's INSANITY.
It was fucking centuries ago, and even over hundreds of years it accounted for a few tens of thousands of deaths, rather than the systematic extermination of millions. If we sat around mourning every historical injustice no matter how distant, we'd never get to stop crying.
Reported for rule 1, approved, abuse of the word "literally" is sadly too common these days to take literally.
Maybe if when these refugees get accused of crimes, instead of calling us racists, you could apply some scrutiny of your own and produce actual evidence that the accusation is bullshit, you'd have a point, but that never seems to be the way your side wants to go about it, which kinda says something.
Rule 1, if you have actual evidence of doxxing, that's relevant to the discussion, but direct personal accusations with no proof are not okay.
So have a lot of groups, including nerds, but if it said rabid fanboys, nobody would be demanding it change. You just want to make this about "punching up", but frankly, any group in a position to dictate what qualifies as "up" and "down" in the first place seems very "up" themselves in my book. Feminism has become an establishment ideology, it's espoused by heads of state and can get private citizens in the door at the UN, it's time it accepted its own power.
Certainly, it can be annoying when a person wants to argue a point to death and won't go away until they exhaust you into agreeing with them. But that's what a block function is for. Certainly, if they keep finding ways to get around the block and trying to get your attention anyway, it can eventually reach the point of actual harassment, but few "sea lions" are that dedicated.
[The National Post](http://archive.is/OihEr) [The Mary Sue](https://archive.is/aSTjk) [The Guardian](https://archive.is/BpgoJ) [Vox](http://archive.is/OJuwq) All of my top results on a google news search for the topic, all running the sexism/misogyny/shame angle in an extremely one sided way, nobody principally arguing, or as far as I could find even mentioning, an obligation to political neutrality. There's nothing neutral about ANY of these articles, in what they're calling for or their own content. So yes, that IS the argument they are making.
Do we know that she actually did or is that just an assumption? Because it just looks like screaming tantrum to me.
I'll take the "first win against SJWs", but I blame the SJWs themselves for Trump.
He doesn't. But the ridiculousness of "progressive stack" thinking is on full display here. Muslims can rape women en masse in the streets and, as long as the women are white, criticizing them is Islamophobia, but they say something homophobic (on a day when gay people are still considered oppressed, which is Mondays, Thursdays, and every other Saturday), and all that talk about how we have to "respect Muslims different cultural values" or we're being "imperialist neo-colonialist racists" or whatever suddenly vanishes.
This has literally been front page news all over the place today, and they're saying it's not news?
This man is not relevant to anything anymore, even Anita kicked him to the curb.
Apparently he's mad people on the sub were attacking him and spreading lies, sub mods should be more on that kinda shit.
http://collider.com/x-men-apocalypse-olivia-munn-psylocke/ She apparently nitpicked it and made them give her a comics-accurate one.
This is the kind of "Galbrush paradox" catch 22 that holds BACK female and minority representation in media. Feminists demand active, significant female roles in action-driven media, they want female characters to be respected in those stories for their coolness rather than just their hotness, the way the men are, people like Anita demand female enemies in video games, etc. But when equality is then GIVEN, there's a shitstorm about "violence against women", and in this case, Anita herself has jumped on that, so it's not just "different people think different things", it's one of the major thought-leaders within the movement being overtly unpleasable and contradictory. People see action movies largely for...well...the action. If the fighting sucks, chances are the movie will suck. If feminists demand more female representation in these movies, then want women to be treated with kid gloves, you'll just get more examples of things like the Ghostbusters drama or the Rey drama, people will assume that a movie trying to be feminist will end up making it a worse movie, because all the fighting scenes will be neutered or one-sided to avoid controversy, and the female characters will be Mary Sues who don't have to earn their stripes the way the guys do, and they will react to those movies badly. Those characters will then continue to be seen as "decorative" rather than "functional", and not respected, because nothing they do will feel earned when everybody knows their opponents had to fight with their hands tied because nothing bad is allowed to happen to them. The measure of a hero is what they are able to overcome, after all. And then we'll be called sexist for not liking feminist movies. I'm glad actual female fighters, who HAVE earned their badass reputation in real life, come out against this sort of shit, and [set such a good example for how to make a warrior woman character people will respect in their own movies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FF6a-XZEm0o). &gt; How would you answer that 9 year old that asked her dad why is that monster man committing violence against a woman? "Because he's evil and she's trying to stop his evil plan. But don't worry, the good guys will kick his butt." All that said however, quite frankly I think that alleged quote is a complete fabrication, it's just too...juxtaposed in its word choice. Half of it is someone's attempt at sounding as childish as possible (monster man? Really? You're saying kids today haven't heard of mutants?), and the other half is academic feminist jargon that would not come naturally to a child. You expect me to believe a kid who calls Apocalypse a "monster man" is gonna then say "committing violence against a woman"? That's just not believable, it comes off as one of those "and then I got a standing ovation and Albert Einstein gave me a hundred bucks" stories. Not sure if I'd let a nine year old see this movie though, the mind battle scene between Xavier and Apocalypse is pretty brutal and bloody. And there's a few other scenes where people get ripped apart in gorey ways. Depends on the maturity of said nine year old I guess. &gt; Devin Faraci can't think of a marketing image like this using two men, can you think of one? Easily. This kind of "hero being menaced or tormented by villain" marketing image is a staple of the comic book tradition from which this movie draws. Here's a half dozen examples with just one character: http://goodcomics.comicbookresources.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/batcover3.jpg http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/519Q8xLraaL._SY344_BO1,204,203,200_.jpg http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141217195609/marvel_dc/images/6/65/Batman_Vol_2_37_Kubert_Variant.jpg http://www.thirdeyecomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/justiceleagueamerica1.6.3.15.jpg http://www.toonzone.net/comics/images/images/solicitations/2015-07/DC/Joker-endgame_Cv.jpg http://i.newsarama.com/images/i/000/143/946/original/batman39-var.jpg And, bonus, one where he himself gets the same treatment in his own book: http://popculture.mearsonlineauctions.com/ItemImages/000045/45377a_lg.jpeg &gt; Why do you think this particular image was chosen to be on the billboard as opposed to any other frame from the movie? Because Lawrence is the most bankable star and the studio feels that showing her in peril will generate the most emotional investment and interest. &gt; If you have seen X-men:A, what did you think of it? It was decent. There were some good scenes, Quicksilver's mansion rescue, Jean's full Phoenix moment (redeemed her shitty showing as Phoenix in X3), Wolverine's cameo, but some other stuff felt rushed and a few characters hogged the plot while everybody else was window dressing, and let's face it, a lot of shit in that movie made no sense and "Magneto almost destroys the world cuz he's pissed, then gets talked down at the last second and everybody's still friends with him like nothing happened" is getting awful old. He needs to either have some fucking growth as a character by now or face some real consequences for being such a dipshit. And Magneto has been my favorite mutant since I was five, so I don't say that lightly.
The other one wasn't even just lacking context, it was flat out edited.
I also don't want companies using their influence to try to manipulate elections. These sites advertise themselves as digital public squares, open platforms of communication, they have SOME responsibility to actually then BE that, and the more central social media becomes to our lives and culture, the more power it has, the more its openness is gonna have to be protected.
So in other words, it's okay to be mad, but not to DO anything about it.
I was afraid she'd ruin it.
The first the developer admitted was no coordinated attack by GamerGate or anyone else, just fan feedback that the character was badly handled. The second and third were in no way independent artistic decisions, they were reactions to moral panic. You have no examples of GG attempting to do ANYTHING to change any artistic decision that was not FIRST changed in response to accusations of some form of bigotry, or to ask for anything more than its reversion to its original form. And no, expressing frustration with direct attacks and insults to GamerGate or gamers in general is not an example. No, objecting to a glorified translater's butchery of someone else's work is not an example.
Remember when "permissiveness" was the religious right's boogeyman?
Ultimately, Anita is their big gun, she's the person who can get on mainstream TV and shit, until someone else comes along who can get them that level of exposure and good press, Anita's safe. And that person isn't gonna be Rapp, not with her history of hooking and defending pedophilia. Only one of those things SHOULD be held against her, but the world is still full of slut shaming.
So what you're saying is you don't have to prove harm, you can argue something else, and then claim harm anyway, doing an end-run around your burden of proof. No. Whether it's direct or indirect, you still have to establish that harm is somehow happening, or you have no business arguing it as a political issue instead of a preference. Anita frames her arguments as "let me explain how this is a social problem that's bad for women as a class", so it's entirely valid to ask what harm, specifically, is being done, and how you connect those dots. No amount of playing cute little intellectual games of "how can I frame the wording of this to say it without saying it" changes that.
None of which addressed my point that she's arguing harm while you insist it's unfair to ask that harm then be proven, or at least explained. Are you saying Anita is not arguing that what she criticizes is causing harm? If you acknowledge that she is, how the hell is it unfair or leading to ask how?
NECESSARILY? No. But to put it bluntly, a lot of Olivia Munn's older work gave me a sense that the people making it figured the audience would come back time after time hoping and praying that maybe THIS TIME she'd take her top off or something, when obviously she was never actually going to do anything more than innuendo and maid outfits. I don't like when Hollywood seems to think that because I'm a male nerd, I must be so desperate it'll make me gullible.
Your goalposts for what constitutes "trying to take our games away" are either ridiculous literalism, or disingenuous. No, nobody is actually going to declare titty games illegal contraband, possession or distribution of which carries criminal penalties. But SJWs HAVE tried to pressure developers into not making them (through coercive tactics like unproven allegations of harm and bigotry and attacking the jobs of those who don't comply), pressure stores into refusing to stock them, manipulate tax codes to make it financially disadvantageous to make them, etc. The INTENT is to make those games go away, to reduce their availability by making the consumer jump through more and more hoops to get them, limiting their visibility, smearing them, and otherwise trying to reduce their accessibility and profitability in the hope that developers will be shamed, cowed, or forced by artificially engineered economic circumstances to stop producing them. So in the most literal, technical sense of it, nobody has proposed coming to someone's house and physically wrenching a game disc out of their hands, but making us not have games of that nature in the future is absolutely the spirit of the endeavor.
SJW-ism is just the politicization of high school meangirling and jealousy. It's a way for unattractive women to tear down the attractive women they feel threatened by and the men who like them, or at least who admit they like them. "You're a traitor to womanhood if your hotness makes me look ugly next to you, so take one for the team and cover up so I can have a chance".
Pardon me if your username makes me think there might be a little bit of bias involved...
I don't think that's going to go anywhere, I mean their conduct was so irresponsible, making jokes about 4 year olds in depositions, disobeying court orders, they don't have a strong first amendment argument, I mean no court has every held that sex tapes are legitimate news, and they've just made such a shitty case at trial.
Actually, if you're dealing with a master vampire, you have to stake it through the heart (white ash wood is preferred), cut off its head, fill its mouth with communion wafers, burn the head and the body apart from each other, and bury them separately on holy ground, complete dismemberment is not necessary, no, Twilight doesn't count.
So what you're saying is GamerGate believes in PRINCIPLES. Uniform standards of behavior to which everyone is expected to adhere. You're just not living in the real world, society does not allow individuals to just decide "well this abhorrent tactic is justified when I do it", that's vigilante justice. We expect everyone to adhere to certain rules and limits on their behavior, we don't just let THEM be the judges of when it's okay to break those rules because "they're RIGHT". EVERYBODY thinks they're right!
Guns are an effective way to kill large numbers of people very quickly. If he'd been waving knives around instead, it's almost certain many of his victims would have escaped with their lives. The question is just whether gun control laws would actually achieve that reality, or just result in people like this getting guns illegally anyway, I suspect the latter.
&gt; I'm just going to assume that moral rules like "don't threaten to rape and kill women for expressing feminist ideas" are right for the purposes of /r/ggdiscussion. Holy strawmans Batman! Can you find me even ONE provable GamerGater who's on record saying it is or overtly doing so? Every rational person knows this to be the case, GamerGaters simply refuse to stop talking about unrelated matters that are inconvenient for progressives because a few assholes did this, nor be held accountable for behavior we did not commit or endorse ourselves. &gt; You're delusional. NOW alone has over 500000 contributing members which dwarfs even the most optimistic numbers for GamerGaters. And only 17% of the population identifies as feminists. Widening the scope of the category in question will not help your argument, I can just widen it further, and at the broadest societal level, I still come out ahead. The relevant matter is that within the gaming community, whenever a comments section is open, we dominate it, whenever a poll is up, we win it, usually like 9 to 1, you need draconian censorship measures to try to take control of public conversation away from us, and even then there are usually too many of us for moderators to shut us up. You are a TINY vocal minority within gaming, and less than 1 in 5 in broader society. By what right do you claim the moral authority to decide when your own tactics are justified, absent any consistent rules? &gt; Drama llama much? GamerGate is being ignored or mocked and chaos and tyranny have, unsurprisingly, totally failed to ensue. I can't speak to what's going on in the parallel universe where any of this is the case, in THIS universe, SJWs have become a laughing stock over the past two years, and your madness has driven so many people into the arms of your opposition you've managed to turn Trump from joke candidate to nominee.
I think this is referring to some GGer, I can't remember who, that had Thompson on a youtube interview last year to point out that EVEN HE thinks Anita is a censor. Not that I expect these people to grasp context.
We live in a post-fappening world because we've become so conditioned by reality TV, fake leaks that propel "celebutants" to fame, and the tabloidification of the "legitimate" media to see everything as the public's business and tell ourselves that we're not REALLY violating anyone's privacy, it's all fake, they must leak it themselves for attention! And to this day, I have genuine doubts about a lot of the fappening stuff, this culture of intrusion has made me so cynical I think it's well within the realm of plausibility that celebrities take such pictures and keep them on their phones deliberately anticipating the possibility of a hack. The Hulk thing gave me something of a wakeup call that it's NOT always fake, that some people feel so honestly violated by it they'll go to the ends of the earth trying to avenge it. I'm generally a pretty free market guy too, but when what's being sold is the violation of others....well we have the law for a reason, to put the brakes on us when we need it, to stop our society from going down degrading, soul-sucking paths like that. Revenge porn is illegal in 34 states, I'd like to see it become 50, and I don't want to see grounds created for those laws to be challenged. I know in practicality it's difficult to fully STOP things from being put on the internet and spread around, but at least the law, the POSSIBILITY of consequences (and at least for ordinary people, it's not always as hard to track down the person who leaked the porn, it's usually the significant other who helped make it, and had access to it.) can act as a deterrent, can stop our society from embracing it, accepting it as normal, we can maybe, hopefully stop community standards from shifting to the point where we really have created, if not a "rape culture", something similar for the lesser but still awful violation of having your most intimate moments broadcast by people who take joy in seeing you disgraced.
And the most cringe avatar.
Lawyer for hire? As opposed to sworn lawyers who pledge fealty to a lord?
You're right, we see no link, because there isn't one.
Because that only works for them if the whole game is about Link pontificating on how non-binary and oppressed xe is.
Until? When did she STOP triggering people?
"WHY ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT SOMETHING OTHER THAN ME!?"
Stop it, what the fuck is wrong with you people at this point?! STOP MAKING CLAIMS THERE IS NO EVIDENCE TO SUPPORT! "I'm not saying it CAUSES it, I never said that, I just said it REINFORCES it...or it NORMALIZES it" no FUCK YOU, it's the same shit with a couple more logical hoops to jump through, and the implication is the same, "ban this sick filth".
"Link is not a blank slate, he is not an empty canvas" thank you thank you THANK YOU!! And let's not forget, Link is a favorite husbando for many female gamers, I recall quite a bit of interest during the conference in the fact you can take Link's shirt off in this one.
What is it with these people all turning out to be sex offenders? I swear they must think men are so evil and misogynistic because they assume everyone else is as twisted as they are.
Sure, but at a site that hopefully will never be even slightly relevant to actual gamers.
Sigh...usually when a person gets on the cooptional podcast, you'd think that means they're...not completely insane or something
To offer possible resolution to this conundrum, this problem is easily solved with a smartphone these days. Anyone who wishes to make their race or gender part of their argument without getting this retort may message the moderators with a picture including enough of their face and/or body (CLOTHED body, nobody is saying "tits or GTFO here") and an identifying timestamp and/or message they're holding in the picture, and a moderator will officially confirm their honesty. This is in NO WAY a requirement, and no one should be assumed to be lying because they refuse to do this, given the understandable fears of anything that could even conceivably enable doxxing in such a contentious online feud. Just saying, it's an option to resolve the question definitively.
So....you have no actual examples to support any argument you're making, and instead choose to play turnabout, move goalposts, and quibble over definitions.
In my experience, people who resort to insulting characterizations like "shitty people" and "ongoing tantrum" as retorts are doing so because they don't have an actual argument. http://i.imgur.com/qlf2Wdj.jpg Pretty much describes what happened with Anita and the rest of these examples. Somebody spews bullshit, we CALL it bullshit, and they claim they're being attacked, and to "prove" it, they point to a small percentage of threatening or otherwise horrible responses they got, which is in no way disproportional to the percentage of incredibly over the line comments endemic to fandom wars, shipping wars, political discussion of any stripe, or generally anything that anybody gives a shit about online because GIFT, and disingenuously act as though that fringe of shittiness is generally representative of everyone opposed to their actions. You expect an amount of discipline within the ranks of GamerGate that is expected of NO OTHER ONLINE GROUP, while pointing to the actions of people you don't even have evidence are part of GamerGate to demonize us.
....you know Ciri is bi, right? And not exactly gender-conforming. And the best ending is her basically ruling the world. And Philippa....just everything about Philippa.
...I mean to be fair, that IS a bit of a double standard, isn't it? Won't matter much though when you traitors are drowned in fire and blood!
"dissent", he says, as the tech media call Thiel a monster and lionize all of Gawker's bullshit. If Gawker's successor ends up an underground, wikileaks type operation, GOOD, chances are that'll mean it's run by people who are in it for some kind of principle, rather than just clickbaiting for cash.
Gotta say...what did blizzard THINK would happen?
Which you keep asserting without evidence! You claim all sorts of evil shit is being planned on KIA, you provide no proof! Oh we attacked poor Anita Sarkeesian for having opinions, woe is her! She doesn't get to shout her opinions into the void and nobody else is allowed to shout their opinions back! She has the right to criticize, sure, and other people have the right to criticize critics! Nobody threatened her on KIA, nobody did any of that over the line shit there, 99% of GamerGaters, just like 99% of everybody else know that shit's wrong! But there's always that 1% of deranged people and hyperbole-spouting morons who forgot there's a real person on the other end, it doesn't just happen to her, it doesn't just happen to feminists, it doesn't just happen to women, it is ENDEMIC to anything on the internet that gets anybody angry! Anthony Jeselnik got a wave of death threats recently, Totalbiscuit gets death threats all the time, draw the wrong fanart, somebody on tumblr will threaten to kill you, ship the wrong fictional couple, somebody on twitter will threaten to kill you, threaten to kill your whole family, and almost all of those people don't mean it and don't even think YOU believe they mean it, they're just spouting bullshit. And it's horrible, it's AWFUL that they do that, but it is not uniquely or especially something tied to GamerGate, it's greater internet fuckwad theory and it's been a thing for years and years before GG existed, before this culture war existed! And you expect that GamerGate is gonna have some magic fucking formula that can exercise 100% perfect behavioral discipline over not only what is done in our name, but what is done by everyone whose politics vaguely resemble our stances? NO OTHER GROUP ON THE INTERNET IS EXPECTED TO BE ABLE TO DO THAT, BECAUSE IT IS IMPOSSIBLE! And no other group is held as irrevocably tainted, or treated as though their arguments should be dismissed out of hand, because a tiny, TINY minority of asshats behaved this way! I keep bringing that up, again and again and you FUCKING IGNORE IT! You don't even bother to put forth a counter-argument. Which specific part of the above is untrue? Point out an actual hole in my logic! Instead you harp on...what? Anita's tax records? Oh poor Anita, her PUBLIC financial records were examined, which is every citizen's right, specifically BECAUSE non-profit status can be abused and people have a right to make sure such organizations are on the up and up?
When you categorically refuse to accept that we DIDN'T send death threats, and argue that we're a terrorist organization (or, technically, before you say you never said this, argue that we don't know the real definition of terrorism, in response to my argument that we're NOT a terrorist organization), gee, that makes it real hard to see what argument you're actually trying to make. If you're not saying we sent death threats, and you don't want to defend that position, why do you refuse to openly admit there's no evidence we did? If you're not trying to imply it without saying it, what logical reason is there to refuse to give up an argument you claim not to be making?
There simply is no "right to be forgotten" in terms of shit people say online. If you say something in a public space online, you can't then be surprised when someone throws it back at you later, and you have no guarantees that changing your username will protect you from that, that people won't link one to the other. I'm not saying that doxxing is okay. People who go digging for your address, your financials, shit that you never put out there online yourself, that's shitty behavior with only a few very limited justifications, and I know Milo's done it, and he's been wrong to. I'm not saying GamerGate is without fault in all cases. But that's not what happened here, nobody was outed, it was already widely known and the proof was publicly available.
I'm seriously trying to argue in good faith here man, this just seems very semantic to me. I'm happy to do semantic, semantics can sometimes be important, but can we lay down one core point before we go on? Do you believe that before Milo's article was written, Brianna Wu's trans status was general knowledge among both sides of the GG debate?
Whatever. Are you willing to list the things you believe GamerGate did wrong, ALL of the things you expect us to answer for, so that I can then attempt to defend GG against those accusations, or do you insist on playing games?
This is ridiculous pedantry at this point. Either answer the question, or you're not debating in good faith.
Fine, that wasn't the right way to put it. You win, have a cookie. But my point remains that Milo did not reveal anyone to be trans who was not previously known to be so.
The answer is at this point YES, they literally are trying to make it as shitty as possible. They know they're going to be a failure, so they want to be the most mind-bogglingly disastrous failure possible so they can employ the same strategy they used with the trailer "look how unique this situation is, there's tons of other bad movies and they don't fail THIS badly, must be misogyny to blame!".
I'm sorry, but when you have a situation where "multiculturalism" is being used to suppress celebration of your country's fucking patron saint, people are gonna get sick of multiculturalism fast.
It's not saying games cause violence if I put an extra step or two in the chain! I'm just saying games cause the thing that causes violence! Hurr durr me so smurt!
Or better yet, we can NOT GIVE SONY OUR MONEY! If we all watch the originals in protest, Sony is still making money off that. They still have financial incentive to do this kind of shit because we end up watching THEIR OTHER PRODUCTS to spite them! This kind of protest is just taking the bait.
The way they're acting like Brexit is the end of the world is absurd. "We're so scared for everyone in the UK!", they moan, as though a dictator was just swept into power and is rounding people up to throw into camps. FFS, they're just bailing on a mountain of debt Greece, Spain, and Merkel's disaster are racking up, you'll have a few more inconveniences at customs, that's IT, the UK has not changed its laws or its government (beyond Cameron resigning, and he's a conservative, shouldn't you be HAPPY about that?!). But yes, expect a lot more endorsements of violence to come...maybe even some actual violence though SJWs never seem to have the spine to DO anything about their beliefs besides tweet. This, that Ghazi mod, it's definitely a trend, and you can expect it to continue, and get more prevalent, as they get desperate.
And today they'd scream that he's a racist stereotype.
There is good news on this front, coming from DC. They recently did a sort of soft reboot (yes, another one) called DC rebirth, that seems to be undoing a lot of the SJW cancer that infested them since their LAST reboot, a number of "diversity for the sake of diversity" books have been dropped and classic titles brought back in their place, as have a number of the "we have to cover every inch!" costume changes for female characters, reverting them to at least recognizable outfits that aren't afraid to show some skin. I think their sales tanked and they got the message.
Why is it that these people are offended by a dress code in a school, where it makes sense, but want to impose one at a convention where it doesn't?
I mean they ARE frauds and phonies...
He probably has a tab.
"Unacceptable" this idiot says, as though they have any authority to decide what is and is not acceptable in art. This was probably one of the greatest TV episodes ever made in the history of the medium, you don't get to "it's 2016!" it, this is something that will still be remembered, and still be watched, in 2**1**16, it is not your "canon by referendum" CW bullshit to play with. Also, it was an entirely fitting punishment, the greatest wrong Septa Unella did to Cersei was born of her prudishness and contempt of sex, so fitting Cersei's sadistic sense of irony, sex is forced on her, the most degrading, horrific sex Cersei can think of, at the hands of a zombie mountain.
Yeah but....but Margie! She totally figured out Cersei's plan! She didn't deserve to die to a trap she'd seen coming! Gonna miss that smirk....
This is an unusual situation, but the topic probably shouldn't make presumptions like "typical GG rant". Other than that, I vote aye.
"Drown us out" they say, as if they can ever do that in an open platform.
Projections for opening weekend keep going down though, so hopefully the strategy is failing, I don't want this to actually become a profitable strategy and end up living in "The Producers".
Only because it came at the price of betraying his vows and the neutrality of the Watch. Jon at this point sees himself as having fulfilled his Oath that his watch shall not end until his death, so he's free to become a Stark and participate in politics.
GamerGate raped her and tried to kill her? ...And we worked with Brianna Wu to do it? ...Maybe she should go BACK to the mental health unit. I don't like Wu anymore than most of us, but even she doesn't deserve this nonsense.
No, it's definitely a pejorative. But it's also a descriptive term, it has a use. Certainly "feminist" or "progressive" shouldn't become inherently derogatory terms, so there needs to be a word for the extremists within such categories who take it too far or use their activism as a mask to be shitty and pretend it's righteous. What I'm talking about is not all use of derogatory terminology, it's a very specific tactic where you make sure to attach derogatory language to a specific person every time they're mentioned. That's a psychological trick used in politics to make smears stick to a person.
It makes sense coming from the Flash, whose whole thing is that he runs a lot.
So I guess half the country has no credibility, and you, being a superior enlightened being or whatever, have political opinions that are so utterly unquestionable that anyone who disagrees with you must be a shill.
My god, GamerGate, can you just fucking leave it? You don't need to obsess over Zoe/Anita/whoeverthefuck *constantly*. "you're obsessed, leave them alone!" is just code for "stop criticizing people I like! I can't actually defend what they did so I'll make you look bad for pointing it out!" Are you gonna accuse me of harassing Milo next?
&gt; Strawman argument. How? You want to do the thing they are the most famous examples of espousing. &gt; The fact you have to say we're "mopping them up" means they're not beaten. Not even close. This isn't like a ground war, it's a war of ideology. Ideology is like a virus, and like fighting a virus you have to eliminate every last particle so it doesn't take root and spread once more. BAHAHAHAHAHA!! Oh my God do you not understand politics or history. I don't think there's an ideology IN THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF HUMANITY that's been wiped out to the last particle. Have you SEEN V for Vendetta? You can't kill an idea. The goal is to discredit it, to make it lose mainstream appeal. That we have managed quite successfully. &gt; You don't become an SJW through opposition. Yes, you do. Just as they became just like the religious right through opposition. Horseshoe theory works both ways.
The good it will do is lift a stink of hypocrisy and double standards that hold us back and give our enemies ammunition. It's also morally right and consistent with our principles. Breitbart is FLAGRANTLY unethical in almost every way Deepfreeze categorizes, but we keep giving them a pass.
A world class actor trained to pretend to be other people and reinvent himself is maybe not the best example to use...
again, my chance is only as good as my ability to avoid making a tech-savvy enemy who'd consider it worth their time to seek me out.
Incredibly fucking tiny? In a giant internet flame war where there's constantly asshats on both sides trying to dox each other?!
You know...is it possible that the body expectations of hollywood contribute to drug problems, health complications, and sometimes early deaths for celebrities? Yes, it's entirely possible, even likely. But they choose that lifestyle for themselves, as rational adults. Carrie was a successful author, she hadn't been Leia in decades. Disney didn't hold a gun to her head, when they asked her to come back, she could have said "nah, I'm good, it's not like I need the money". She made a choice to reprise the role, probably a choice she overall was happy with, even if there were things that came with it that she didn't like. If that was involved in her death, that's tragic, but it's not misogyny. If you think these body expectations are a gendered issue, I urge you to look up the diets of any of the marvel movie leading men.
"middle aged radio pundit doesn't understand internet memes" should not be an unpardonable sin...
First of all, smoking is not a moral issue under any paradigm of morality I know of, it's a health issue. I've never heard of someone who refused a cigarette as a matter of conscience, they refuse cigarettes out of practical concerns of health risks. Secondly, you think it's Hollywood that determined whether or not they smoke? Not wide attention in non-fictional media to the dangers of smoking? Not huge advertising campaigns highlighting those dangers and warning people off? Not advances in products like gum and patches designed to help quitters? Not just about every teenager in the country being exposed to years of health classes warning them not to smoke? Not bans on cigarette advertising, higher prices, warning labels, etc etc etc.... All of these non-fictional reasons not to smoke...and you think all of that wouldn't have worked if not for the fact characters on TV didn't smoke as much? I think that's a highly dubious conclusion. Hollywood changed to REFLECT our society's changing attitude towards smoking, it didn't prescribe that change in attitude, you're putting the cart before the horse.
Nothing is good enough ever.
Her hyperbole is just so cringe.
Yes but...to be fair does he want Reaper seeing pictures of his kids?
In principle, I'm glad in any situation where censorship is avoided. But I also believe that having a bad policy and enforcing it selectively is even worse than having a bad policy and enforcing it consistently. So unless we hear something from steam that this is indicative of an overall rules change, I'm disappointed in them for having a paradigm under which people who have the right connections are given special treatment.
So let me ask this, SJWs: Are you supposed represent everybody, or are you supposed to avoid "appropriating" anything? You can't have both.
Yeah, I'm gonna go ahead and say this theory is disproven.
To any of our members who wonder why the issue of Breitbart keeps coming up, and we don't just consider it settled: It's not like "trying to sneak a bill through congress". It's the fact that they KEEP FUCKING UP!
No I have the reading comprehension to realize that the basic event happened, but Breitbart went out of their way to make it sound much worse than it was.
Maybe the reason they think video games can make us into killers is because THEY can't tell the difference between video games and real life.
&gt; Oh please. You play the same games every time. You pretend that GamerGate's harassment doesn't count unless it's a "verifiable GGer", whatever that means in an anonymous mob, and now you're stacking another qualification on top of that by saying it's not enough for a GamerGater to send death threats they have to say in public that it's okay to send death threats. Because I know the games YOUR side plays! You're gonna find some egg account with one post or somebody who's never actually participated in a GamerGate space but whose views you deem "GamerGatey" and say this is proof. It's been over two years, if GamerGate is this harassment campaign, there should be at least SOME examples by now that are just unambiguous. A well-known GGer breaks down and starts threatening feminists cuz he got mad and GG takes his side, something like that. You really think thousands of anonymous people have the discipline to keep up this elaborate facade for this long, and nobody's given the show away? Why is there such a different standard of proof? Anita can directly say she wants companies to have moral restrictions on their content, Zoe can be caught chatting with her buddies about blacklisting people, and antis find ways to claim this doesn't do anything to prove our allegations of censorship and collusion, but I should be expected to take an egg account or something like that as proof that GG is a harassment campaign? Find me something where the link to GamerGate is clear, because as far as I've seen, anybody who engages in real harassment and the like...like Ralph Retort...gets thrown out of GG on their ass. &gt; Anonymous mob, remember? Plus there has never been any shortage of apologists who stop short of saying death threats are okay as such, but will talk your ear off about how it's understandable I am sick of hearing that believing something is understandable is the same thing as saying it's okay. Any sensible person in modern society knows that a lot of bad things are UNDERSTANDABLE. It's a core liberal position that crime, in general, is UNDERSTANDABLE, and you can draw a clear link between urban decay, cyclical poverty, marginalization, lack of opportunity, the prison industrial complex, etc, and criminal recidivism. That's not saying you believe the crimes are okay or shouldn't be punished, though the right frequently characterizes a nuanced view of crime that way. This "apologism" dynamic, in which any attempt to contexualize an action or present it in terms that are not completely black and white, or refusal to blanket denounce someone as an irredeemable monster is considered the intellectual equivalent of saying it's okay and actively providing cover for it to continue, is absurd and regressive. "You think this issue is complicated?! YOU'RE PART OF THE PROBLEM!" &gt; This is exactly what I was talking about. You don't go so far as to say it's okay, but you'll say it hardly ever happens and it's a tiny minority and it's not morally relevant to GamerGate and you've condemned it so that must magically mean that it's no longer a reason to morally condemn GamerGate. Is what I said actually untrue? Are you prepared to deny that harassment narratives like the Chelsea Cain one are virtually fabricated? I see a consistent paradigm where protesting false accusations is seen as covering for real wrongs. That's a blatant kafkatrap! &gt; Yet you advocate for the movement as a whole, and the movement as a whole covers 4chan, 8chan, voat, kiwifarms, /ggrevolt and whichever other reservoirs are floating around. Let's see, we've been thrown off of 4chan, KIA on voat is practically dead, Kiwifarms is to the best of my knowledge a general lolcow troll board, not connected to GG or any particular ideology, and /ggrevolt self-describes as a revolt AGAINST GamerGate, they're our ENEMIES, they think WE'RE SJWs! GamerGate, to me, is KIA, /gghq, and the GG twittersphere, [the green blob](http://i.imgur.com/w7AZD4v.png), the places that actually describe themselves as GamerGate hubs, and have an appreciable degree of real activity and influence within the movement. &gt; GamerGate has made token efforts to look good from the very early days. Usually ineptly, as with the TFYC silliness, but they have tried. To my mind going along with you on trivial things that don't matter is part and parcel of that attempt at PR. So we, assuming we were these alt-right misogynist psychos, repeatedly shoot our own goals in the foot in an attempt to look good? That seems highly unlikely, not to mention means we share a normal moral perspective of what constitutes "good". Do you really believe we're not only evil, we're CONSCIOUSLY evil? We know we're the bad guys and keep doing it anyway? Even, you know, fucking NAZIS don't do that. Stormfront thinks they're the good guys and their positions are scientifically defensible.
Nikki alleges she was doing a rough shoot that got out of hand, and the guy started choking her and stamped on her head, and that she when her costar wouldn't stop, she yelled at the director to stop it and he wouldn't. I don't see why she'd lie about that, the scene would be on video, so if she were lying there'd be proof and she'd tank her career if she got caught falsely accusing brazzers, so I see no reason not to presume she's telling the truth. I hope she sues the crap out of them and the cops are willing to take it seriously.
Yep. Two sides of the same coin. They even speak different dialects of the same bullshit non-language. Cuck = internalized whatever, woke = redpilled, etc.
It's a guilty pleasure, but I watch this thing, and God DAMN is she the best part of it, so fucking hot.
How? The idea is the same. That the social order of the world as most people understand it is an elaborate lie, and you're one of the enlightened few who's "woken up" and understands the truth, unlike all those brainwashed sheeple.
No, this is bullshit. Being "woke" involves realizing that there's a subtle and insidious force that controls all societies and keeps people down: patriarchy. being "redpilled" Being "woke" involves realizing that there's a subtle and insidious force that controls all societies and keeps people down: gynocentrism.
&gt; Not if it's presented to them as that exact choice, which it never is. However if the choice is stay home and watch anime, or shower, shave, change into fresh clothes, get out of the house and meet people who might end up having real sex with them I think some people will go with the first every time. Generally because they believe their efforts in real life will meet with failure and rejection. Not because they outright prefer the cartoon. &gt; People get off on text alone, so I doubt you HAVE to make the images extreme to titillate people with a combination of text and images. My guess is just that it is a combination of hypersexualisation selling, and anime/manga creators largely being otaku who all copy each other mindlessly. Text is something people respond to differently, with text, your mind creates the thing you're aroused by.
I was hoping it was either because your computer had been Joker gassed, or because you'd just joined GamerGate...
That's some pretty hilarious racism though.
I want to know what you are alleging is a lie. I want you to quote the specific words she said that you believe are a lie. Because I've watched and re-watched her Calgary video, and I don't see any lie. So have the intellectual honesty to commit, and specify the exact words in question.
Exhibit A.
The inconsistency is claiming to believe in free speech while making excuses for a censorship law!
I DID report the Mia Rose thread for misleading title.
Oh that's just silly. They're vaguely racist edgelords, but to call them Nazis is to hilariously underestimate the depths of evil involved in real Nazism. The actual Nazis want to lynch that Milo douche, literally, the alt-right worships him.
Okay, why would a person call themselves TRANS...if they're not looking to change their body. Like...transsexual...the whole meaning of the word is you want to change your sex. I know these days people say gender instead of sex but that just seems like splitting hairs.
Look, I'm not saying this movement has a good provenance, but most of the people who identify as it just seem to be fairly typical conservatives mixed with 4chan assholes. Hillary's demonic pizza and that sort of nonsense.
Okay but this sounds like pathologizing tomboyish women and effeminate men. People identifying as trans when...really they're just metrosexual.
Then show me the quote where she said that, and evidence that at the time she said it, she knew it wasn't true (that's the key difference between a lie and just being wrong).
That gives you 50 shots at proving me wrong, I never said it has to be a federal statute.
If it's there I want to know, but for god's sake, I don't see it, I really don't.
"forced" implies some sort of violence or threat of violence. Simple groping is not considered to be by force. If all sexual contact without consent were considered by force automatically, there would be no point in the existence of fourth degree sexual assault, as no action would qualify as such without involving force. I assure you, groping someone is not a B felony that can get a 40 year prison sentence.
It takes more than not publishing something yourself to be censoring it. You have to try to make sure it's not published, PERIOD, you have to take some action to attempt to see it buried. Publishing is not like allowing someone to post on your social media site, where they can put their content up by default and you either passively permit it, or actively take it down. Publishing is both an affirmative act that takes effort on your part, and a financial investment. When you publish someone, you are directly (in the form of buying the publishing rights to their book) and indirectly (in the form of investing money in printing copies of it) giving them money. You are never censoring someone simply by declining to give them your own money.
Personally I'd rather you thought me a fool than a liar. &gt; Nope. One based on continuous first-hand observation of GamerGater behaviour. As opposed to my continuous first-hand observation of GamerGater behavior? Or those of many, many others, including neutrals and professional journalists, who've concluded differently from you? What motive has Liana K, feminist games journalist, to lie? What motive has Brad Glasgow? &gt; It's easy to tell when GamerGaters are lying, you observe them in their safe spaces like 8chan then you observe them when they are trying to put on a false front of legitimacy and reasonableness elsewhere. Have you even considered the possibility that these are at least largely different people? That the extreme vs moderate factions of the movement congregate in different places because they feel comfortable among different peer groups? &gt; The facts about GamerGate remain the facts no matter what you type on reddit. And yet you still have no proof of these facts! You can't even produce any evidence we've sent threats, you entire "proof" of "facts" is based on speculation, which only holds up as even LIKELY to be true if all the assumptions you make about GamerGate (allegedly BASED ON the very pattern they're needed to prove) are already proven!
Not to Eugene you, but I've been here for a while.
https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20140401/17422126773/yes-federal-agents-can-identify-anonymous-tor-users-because-most-people-dont-know-how-to-be-anonymous.shtml Unless we're dealing with a bunch of criminal masterminds here, no, Tor is not a defense against the FBI. The FBI finds and prosecutes people behind VPNs and the like every day. The FBI finds people using encrypted darknet sites halfway around the world or whatever, ALL THE TIME. The FBI didn't bother doing any of that, BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T FIND ANYTHING WORTH CHASING DOWN. No terrorism charges. Nobody prosecuted for ANYTHING. No evidence of criminal wrongdoing. Investigation closed. And your defense to that is "I'm sure some amateur script kiddie on baph is too l33t for the FBI to find!"?! Funny how you cite this immigation definition, but there's not a single example of a foreign GGer being refused entry into the US because they're a GGer. Maybe the answer is "because in practical application, this policy does not mean what you think it does". There is a reason that LAWS, which have to be carefully and technically worded, never actually say what you want them to.
To be fair, I don't trust Ghazi's definition of "apologia", it tends to mean "your opinion did not exactly parrot that of a mod on any subject they care about".
Sure kid, that's the only place you know the nazis from, never heard of them in the classroom or anything...
Pointing out there is a double standard is not the same thing as defending Jeff Sessians. This is a false dichotomy. "With us, or with THEM!" No, I'm perfectly capable of thinking both are shitty.
We need capital punishment because people like this exist, and them existing needs to be fixed. This man is a monster, I hope the punishment in hell for both him and the Chicago torturers is to be subjected to the hate in each other's souls for eternity.
I respect your faith man but honestly...isn't guys like this what God made a hell for in the first place?
If you go forward uncensored, you can expect a bunch of outrage articles in the games press calling you names. But this is, based on what we've seen up to this point, extremely unlikely to have any negative impact on your sales, because it's people outside your potential audience complaining to other people outside your potential audience, so they can collectively feel superior to those who might actually BUY your game. If you make a point of publicly defying and mocking those who would censor you, you might actually be able to turn it into free advertising and a selling point. The people who want you to censor your characters can make a lot of noise, but only have as much power as YOU are willing to give them. We've had a million cases like this, and found again and again that SJWs (Social Justice Warriors, our name for these politically correct fearmongers) are unable to make a dent in developers sales through their outrage, because they are a vocal minority who usually attack what they don't play in the first place.
Well I for one don't.
In other major news, water is wet.
"lived experience" is just another term for anecdotal evidence, only instead of being considered insufficient for use in scientific pursuits, it's been elevated to the status of holy, unquestionable gospel.
First off, this is a damn excellent Sombra cosplay. Secondly, the idea that any makeup designed to change your skin tone is blackface is absurd, the last thing blackface is designed to do is make you look like a realistic black person. It's an insulting caricature. And finally, the historical tradition of blackface is pretty much unique to America. Trying to put those standards and historical issues on Korea is idiotic, and under SJW rules, imperialist. STOP COLONIZING HER POC CULTURE YOU SHITLORD!
And THIS is why you verify your sources...
http://lonang.com/library/reference/blackstone-commentaries-law-england/bla-115/ This is coverture, described in the words of Sir William Blackstone, one of the most influential and respected judges of his period. Note this passage: &gt; that is, the very being or legal existence of the woman is suspended during the marriage, or at least is incorporated and consolidated into that of the husband: under whose wing, protection, and cover, she performs everything; and is therefore called in our law-french a feme-covert [married woman]; is said to be covert-baron, or under the protection and influence of her husband, her baron, or lord; and her condition during her marriage is called her coverture. A woman's husband becomes her baron, and has the authority over her that a feudal lord does over his serfs.
&gt; The very first response video MRE provides shows the very thing you are linking to. This is not the video that was linked previously. &gt; Even if something actually happened (and this wasn't some civil disagreement being mischaracterized), this would still be one incident with one individual. That is no basis for making claims about how she has supposedly been treated by Men's Rights Edmonton the organization. I'm sorry, but when you're not just an internet movement, when you're an ORGANIZATION, that has a formal list of members attending conventions to act in their official capacity as members, and represent themselves as members to those they meet, their behavior is reflective on your organization, and if you don't like that, control your people better. &gt; She talks about "every run in" she has had with MRE when they hadn't written about her or made a video about her before. In a tweet she claims that a few of their followers have or people claiming to be, but even taking her at her word, this isn't MRE themselves. She says people claiming to be connected to the organization. If they're claiming formal ties, then either they're lying and the organization should disavow them as non-members, or it's fair to call that a run-in with the organization. &gt; Liana made claims that Men's Rights Edmonton the organization had been "awful" and "abusive" to her. This doesn't stand up to even her own version of events upon examination. This is a ridiculous standard. She clarified that it wasn't everybody, that should be enough. If she were trying to smear the whole group, why would she bother to say that? &gt; If Liana is going to make claims that are damaging to the reputation of an organization then it is on her to back them up Are you saying it's morally obligatory that a person never discuss bad things any other person has done to them, unless they have ironclad proof of those events, elsewise they should be presumed a liar acting out of malice? Because while that might be a reasonable standard for online encounters where everything leaves a paper trail, it's a wholly impractical standard for real life activity, it essentially mandates that you tape record every interaction you have.
More evidence that SocJus is basically the Dark Side. It just gives you crazy colored hair instead of eyes. But in all seriousness, yeah, that happened, she stopped taking care of herself, her health suffered, she put out a blog about it a while ago. I think she was just overworking herself with her schedule of cons and speaking engagements and stuff. But she's kinda chilled since then and she looks back to normal these days.
Pro cosplayers usually work up to that level of prominence over time though, Anita was kinda thrust into fame, by her own will, but still, very suddenly. Going from "SF hipster scene nobody" to "flying all around the country for speaking tours and galas" has gotta be a big adjustment when your whole outfit is only a few people. Plus all the haters, as much as she exaggerated it for effect, that's GOTTA wear on a person after a while, and the stress of having to measure every word not to give them ammo (or, more cynically, to give them just enough ammo to keep them mad without giving them a smoking gun, fine line to walk), look at the way TB periodically melts down over it.
Let's say for the sake of argument that what Liana says happened IRL DID happen. Obviously, since it happened IRL, she can't directly prove it. Is she under a moral obligation not to talk about it because she can't prove it, even though it's true?
I think I learned something! Redlining is an excellent example of what terms like "institutional racism" and "unconscious bias" actually mean, not this microaggression "you used the wrong word therefore you've revealed you're secretly racist!" bullshit.
Watching porn in public may be CREEPY, but it's not harassment. Not everything that makes you uncomfortable in some way is harassment.
ANYTHING to make SOMEONE remember Battleborn existed!
Corrected with WHAT evidence? This dude calling her a liar is not in itself evidence. It's her word against his.
I just don't see that case, feminism has always had moderate and extreme wings. Suffragettes vs suffragists in first wave, libfems vs radfems in second wave, SJWs vs people like Liana in third. It's just that in ANY movement, the crazies get the most attention.
Why is it always heart attacks, car accidents, and suicide? Everybody knows those by now! Can't spooks get just a little creative? "Legendary reporter trampled by cow"? "Washing machine falls out window onto political dissident"? Nobody would suspect a thing!
That BETTER be a skin for her.
Heh, well, I know my monsters, if I get chased by a demon, I'm running for the silverware.
...You think it's impossible to do a bad thing while able to tell fantasy from reality? If you are sane, you fully understand what you are doing, you just do it anyway because you're selfish or angry or just plain evil or whatever.
Ads like that are a classic example of what I consider propaganda, they present a story which credits their product for the happy resolution of the short story, while deliberately trying to suggest to the viewer that this is at least a representation of reality and what their product can do for them.
Hillary (and the entire upper echelon of the democratic party) is a Satan-worshiping child molester? You know, conspiracy theories like THAT ONE?
So? That's not what you said. What you said was T_D doesn't do it. I proved beyond any doubt that they do, and you moved the goalposts.
Wow, that's one fucking all-star team.
It's newsworthy that some friends have a D&amp;D campaign going, just because they're girls?
Oh bullshit. When there's huge fan backlash against a change, and a sharp decline in sales that EXACTLY coincides with the issue that change went into effect, and then as soon as those sales figures become public, the change is immediately reverted, it is BLINDINGLY OBVIOUS what happened. That's not just some wild guess. Every single full reversion on Cadfan's list coincided with a sharp sales drop that happened immediately after a costume was made more covered up. That's not "specific arcs", this isn't blue energy Superman, these were costume changes that the companies specifically trumpeted as aimed to combat so-called sexism and objectification, they were not meant to be temporary.
I'm sick of the fight, I'm sick of needing to be constantly vigilante to get ANY fanservice. It hardly makes one feel appreciated and valued by the creators, it hardly makes one feel like they're being told "you belong and we care about pleasing you as part of our audience" if you have to DRAG it out of them at metaphoric gunpoint. I'm not looking to crush my enemies, see them driven before me, and ogle the sexy costumes of their women. I want these companies to hire creators who don't seem to hate me for who I am and what I like in the first place. I'm happy to share, not everything has to be for me, I just want to be able to have some stuff that is and enjoy it in peace.
I really thought after Thompson things would get better, everything I loved survived him intact, THEN started falling apart. And it's hard to feel particularly appreciated by anime that comes from halfway around the world and doesn't even factor in western audiences outside localization. I never really feel like I'm the audience they care about. And honestly, on a purely emotional level, the fanservice in anime is often excessive even by my standards. Like...there's a thin line somewhere between catering and pandering... I know that's picky, but still.
Then explain all the virtue signalling in the bottom left corner.
Finch may KNOW costume changes are about as permanent in comics as deaths, but that doesn't mean he ever had any intent of reverting the change until and unless pressured by DC editorial, and did not plan to keep the new costume as long as he could, clearly he thought the original costume was a social evil, if he believed that and intended to reinstate it on his own anyway, then he's a moral hypocrite, which honestly is far worse than simply being an ideologically motivated artist.
I'm pretty sure EVERYBODY likes to bang in bioware games. I just wish their quality hadn't fallen off lately in so many other areas.
It's not even that revealing! Like have any of these people ever been outside during the summer?
SWTOR is bioware.
Well that version of Kori was an atrocity for a number of other reasons. But I did like the outfit and I miss it. And new 52 was 2011. But I think it's special pleading to count versions that are explictly not canon at the time of their printing.
And yet even something as broad and spread out as feminism can come up with a NAME. Like...this isn't hard.
Except in all cases stemming from Cadfan's examples, there is demonstrable correlation.
This is why games have age ratings.
At least ONE good thing has come of his Presidency.
Hitler also drank water and liked dogs.
But she's legally a FUCKING WHITE MALE!
You...you actually made a damn energy weapon. ...Overwatch's fandom is actually gonna make Overwatch into reality!
https://cdn.bleedingcool.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Captain-America-275-Page-21-X2-600x904.jpg
Sure. But it is inaccurate to present Vivian in such a way as to suggest that GamerGate, as a whole, supports any given politician.
My argument was "the mainstream can include fanservice for everybody at once". Please argue with what I actually said. Equal distribution of fanservice, to solve the problem of anybody feeling excluded on the basis that fanservice is only provided for those who are not like them, can be implemented without taking any fanservice from any group.
Except I DO have evidence. Not enough to be scientifically certain, but all the available evidence relating to CadFan's examples supports my theory, while yours is supported by NO evidence that doesn't have the glaring hole in it of WW's CONTINUED, SUSTAINED success AFTER the relaunch event. So based on the limited available evidence, my theory is much more likely than yours, and the idea that yours should be presumed until mine is fully proven is absurd.
What you just linked does not support your position, it says that fascism may have APPEALED to many conservatives, but was ideologically in opposition to conservatism and conservative principles. Rejection of churches, for instance, collectivism, rejection of capitalism, rejection of traditionalism, rejection of individualism... American conservatism is highly religious, traditionalist, hyper-individualist, capitalist, anticollectivist...nothing like fascism, ideologically.
The war for internet freedom won't end in our lifetimes. There's always SOMETHING, the people who want power over us will never STOP trying to get it. When they couldn't censor the internet because of porn, they started trying to do it because of copyright, when they couldn't do that, they started trying to it because of hate speech. When we killed SOPA, they sent paramilitary strike teams after Megaupload the very next day. When we killed CISPA, it rose again as CISA. When we killed ACTA, they threw TPP at us. We finally kill TPP, the very next day net neutrality is threatened. This fight never ends, and we can't take our eyes off the ball, not for a minute, because they will ALWAYS strike right when we're celebrating a win.
Funny how when their side makes accusations, there's no evidence, no police report, and nothing happens. But when our side makes accusations, it swiftly leads to prosecution based on damning hard evidence. Hmmmmm...wonder if maybe one side's actually in the right, and the other is lying...&lt;.&lt;
That's beautiful!
I mean...a half dozen people have already pointed out the hypocrisies in play here, the way that this game has turned everybody into the Bizarro version of themselves, I don't feel the need to restate all of that. So I'll just ask this: How much of this whole culture war do you think could have been avoided if Polygon and sites like it could muster the same passion and conviction to decry moral panic and defend sexual content and artistic freedom in games not made by their friends? For all their talk of "let marginalized people tell their stories!" they are blind to how many nerds feel marginalized and in desperate need for someone to be as willing to fight for our right to tell the stories that speak to us too.
&gt; I'm not seeing Anita Sarkeesian's name in there. Where's your proof of her harm? You've moved the goalposts again. Now I must not only prove that moral panic is harmful in general, I must prove the specific harm done by each individual merchant of moral panic. That's the logical equivalent of saying "this completely rational adult played Doom for half an hour and it turned him into a raving murderer, but there's no evidence Duke Nukem is similarly harmful!". No, of course not, if there were evidence of direct links between video games and harm, it would be presumed that video games in general containing those harmful elements are harmful until proven otherwise. Hell, there are people who try to claim harm in games based on studies done on TV, non-fiction TV at that, and they don't even get what the study was saying right to boot. Similarly, there is obvious evidence that moral panic is harmful, I don't need to prove that harm has been caused by every specific person following that same pattern of behavior, that's an absurd standard and not the one you started with. &gt; How? When it comes to large scale cultural effects, isolated control cases aren't exactly feasible. So are you now saying that the social sciences cannot provide acceptable proof of anything? I'm sorry, but there's not a binary "hard science" and "unknowable voodoo", methodologically sound social sciences studies can still produce useful, if slightly fuzzier results.
The hypocrisy on display about everything involving Ladykiller has just been absurd. If game journos defended games NOT made by their friends with the same passion, Gamergate never would have happened.
But WTF did it have to do with gaming? If you want to take back the democratic party, r/political_revolution is over there.
Ugh. Just ugh. That whole stupid leak was true. I dismissed it because it read like bad fanfiction, but it was all true. Because Arrow has become bad fanfiction.
Mercy is not a vampire!
I'm not saying they should give glowing praise to games they think are shit. But "leave authors alone and let them tell their stories" or "we should allow this kind of content on steam" aren't reviews, they're principles, you either apply them consistently or you're a hypocrite.
Eh, I think you're reading too much into that quote. It could also be interpreted as "and once I know who they are, I'll have some leverage to fight back". She's more like...futuristic Julian Assange.
Fortunately the law doesn't agree.
Often, yeah. "The lady doth protest too much, methinks"
Why do big breasts require a justification? Some women just have them. Kojima means well, but somebody needs to explain to him that no amount of in-story justification will ever satisfy the people upset about this kind of stuff. They don't care why it's there, they just want it gone.
Yes well that's true of ALL the super cringe lines in this game...which is most of the game.
We're supposed to listen to Nancy "GUILTY GUILTY GUILTY!" Grace now?
Very much so, see my above comment about it never working with secondary relationships.
At least when we do it we admit it and fix it, we don't find some way to turn logic on its head and claim we were right anyway.
He apologized the next day and fully admitted how badly he fucked up. An angry twitter rant should not be an unforgivable sin. It was a very emotional, difficult night for a lot of people, and would have been in reverse if Clinton had won.
Isn't this a blatant ripoff though?
Ugh.
I don't get the ban on Yandere simulator at all, it's hilarious.
Rule 1.
Politicians are supposed to be better than this at hiding it!
So what? Do we support firing people for views we disagree with now?
Your prolonged exposure seems to be having side effects.
toggles like that used to be common. Back in the day, for example, many games let you turn off blood entirely.
A fair analysis, but I don't think Trump will leave America pretty much the same as he got it, either he's gonna fix a lot, or he's gonna break a lot, or both.
Go on then, do what Antonio apparently could not, explain how one person is "exploitatively" "commodifying" another with no ignoble intentions.
Yeah, basically, and that kind of "profit at the expense of all else" behavior is not any more morally okay when a corporation is doing it than when anyone else is. I'm not saying you're arguing otherwise, BTW, just sort of venting.
Regardless of who did it or why, this is a horrible tragedy and I hope swift justice is brought to the guilty parties.
I can read their fucking signs in the pictures in these articles. http://www.evilenglish.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/kimonoguy.jpg https://c.o0bg.com/rf/image_960w/Boston/2011-2020/2015/07/15/BostonGlobe.com/Arts/Images/kimonowednesday_02.jpg This one literally says "it is killing us". Their own words do them no favors.
Well yes, but there's also some people who will call anyone they disagree with or who dislikes anything they like an SJW. Any actual connection to the interests of marginalized groups though requires you to play six degrees of Kevin Bacon. And similarly, though I have my reservations about trying to pressure Twitch into allowing it, plenty of people in GG ARE campaigning on behalf of Yandere Simulator. I suppose to have a truly definitive test case of whether we're serious about our principles would require the alt-right to attempt to censor something and not be laughably ineffective at it. Though...you know....let's hope that DOESN'T happen.
And yet, when someone conflates wearing a hijab or saying Allahu Akbar with terrorism, that is rightly called Islamophobia, but when someone conflates wearing mushroom hats and standing in lines with being "obtuse shitslingers", you guys will spend years trying to find a way to claim that's NOT nerd shaming. And when somebody points out that you seem deeply ideologically invested in keeping your heads firmly in the sand...well, this circlejerk bullshit starts.
At least our side doesn't have mods who call for political violence and get to stay mods.
Always with the "we're so much better than those evil white people, POC cultures are all about goodness and cuddles and taking care of each other!"
But in order for "you like Trump and therefore are a mass murderer" to get someone angry, they have to actually like Trump. Otherwise your entire premise is easily dismissed. "Know your target" is like trolling 101.
&gt; Actual state censorship doesn't get half the attention that "OMG he thought Bayonetta was pandering, that's censorship!" does. Do you deny this? I don't. Mostly GamerGate's particular focus is on the culture war within the hobby. That's because we feel like we can DO something about that though. There's not shit we can do to affect the law in China, so we focus on picking winnable battles. Do YOU claim otherwise, that we, GamerGate specifically, actually could stop state censorship in China if we put our minds to it? &gt; Whereas you think there is something you can do about reviewers being allowed to punish opinions that you disagree with? What might that be? I'm fairly sure there's some sort of mistake in that statement...I'm trying to stop people from punishing...those I DISagree with? But as for what we think we can do about shitty reviewers, we can expose their hypocrisies and bad practices, turning them into a laughing stock and thus causing them to lose revenue and access when gamers in general become sick of their shit. &gt; What difference does that make? Why do you need GG to be seen as legitimate to engage in activism against actual censorship? Because you need a lot of power and profile to even make a dent in interests as powerful as state actors. Again, are you actually claiming that we COULD, if we just took it seriously? &gt; When you went after websites for publishing "unethical" opinions, the instructions all over KiA were "don't mention GG, act like you just decided this spontaneously". You can't do the same thing when protesting actual censorship? Where was this? I have never seen evidence of any such instructions. &gt; In other words, somebody had an opinion you didn't like, so you're in favour of them being censored. Which is completely in line with KiA's principles as I've seen them, but it seems rare to see you agree. There is a difference between opinions and behavior. If you act in bad faith, accuse others of things they didn't do, stuff like that, they're going to boycott you. It's not about the content of your art, it's about the lengths you considered yourself justified in going to trying to promote that art at any cost.
You would think people who make their living playing victim would understand how giving nazis an excuse to play victim will only help them.
&gt; That which you assert without evidence can be dismissed without evidence. You still haven't provided a single quote to back up a thing you're said about them. The closest you got is "it is killing us", but you then refused to elaborate on what you thought "it" refers to for some reason. What "it" is is clear, the exhibit, what the muesum is doing, they believe leads to deaths. &gt; You still answered whether you even knew that the exhibit wasn't about teaching Japanese culture, and I think that's because you didn't. I never said it was, it was about PARTICIPATING in Japanese culture, which is also valid. The nonsensical screed you just linked me is in the same vein. It's "cultural appropriation" and "imperialist" therefore "something something murder and oppression". It's buzzword soup. That which is asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence? Then I dismiss this, as providing no evidence that any of the things it rails against lead to the harmful conclusions it claims they do. Yes, this is absolutely "playing dressup". So fucking what? What's wrong with dressup? You think people in Japan don't "play dressup" with Western cultures? This is the country that made Metal Wolf Chaos, the most American game ever made...that wasn't ever released in America.
Do you acknowledge that Leigh lumped in general gamer identity signifiers with being a misogynistic loser troll?
On that I agree.
Even exposes about people literally committing fraud are rarely so blatantly biased as to have a headline "so-and-so the fraud". That's tabloid tier.
Despite the way Anita presents it, [tropes are not bad](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TropesAreTools), calling something a trope does not mean it's a cliche, a stereotype, or otherwise in any way negative. While VISUALLY inspired by Mr. T, however, Barret is anything but dumb muscle, he's a respected leader, devoted father, and heroic visionary who fights for positive political change. HE is the mind behind (the present, benevolent incarnation of) AVALANCHE, not Cloud.
What SPECIFICALLY in that giant post do you believe is proof of that?
I've seen people unironically express that sentiment about media they didn't like. And not just SJWs either.
I said that people care more about writing when it pertains to hot-button political issues, you all claimed that was proof of transphobia and refused to listen to any context or explanation thereof. You're being a complete hypocrite. And no, it wasn't a pathetic gotcha, it was a clearly outlined term of what I asked you for proof of.
See some of this poster's other comments, his problem is with nerd culture in general, and defending it period.
This looks HIGHLY derivative of For Honor, but not necessarily terrible. I see the way they're trying to dog-whistle to gin up another controversy though, I really, really wish they'd stop doing that shit, it's a cheap tactic and it's not helping.
I thought it was on CNN or something? Aren't they the ones who fired her?
I mean to be fair, if you want to kill Nazis, there's tons of games out there about killing the original recipe flavor even if not the southern fried flavor =P
&gt; How do you think it feels to play a game where female characters are sexualized eye candy all the time? Do you think that's relaxing escapism for us? &gt; I guarantee that most SJW gamers want to be able to turn their brains off and just enjoy a game like you do. Do you genuinely not like fanservice? I mean how do you do this? As someone who believes that all art is political, how do you ever just stop and smell the roses? How can you let yourself and not feel like a hypocrite? I ask both to try to understand your position and to try to reconcile my own, as someone who DOESN'T think all art is political, but finds that the longer this culture war drags on, the more all this constant fighting trains me to hyperanalyze media and dwell on every detail that even MIGHT indicate politics I disagree with, even though I don't consciously think doing so is reasonable or fair to the creator, and my inability to turn that way of thinking off actively harms my own enjoyment of media. If it's getting that obnoxious for me, I can't imagine what it's like for someone who actually believes this is fair analysis and engages in it on purpose. Frankly, I think this should all just be in the options menu. Like 90s games used to let you turn off the blood. Let players control the amount of fanservice they see. That way you can turn off the giant jiggling boobies, I can play the game in the way I consider uncensored, and we can both chill. Whatever politics or lack thereof are present are then on us as players, not the developers, because they are not presenting either view as an unquestioned norm. Sound fair to you? Cuz it's the one thing I never see either side suggest, but seems like it would solve the problem. &gt; I think it's clear that Blizzard were not just deliberate about diversity, but political too. I just don't see it. There's no preaching, no heavyhandedness, no attempt to PERSUADE the player. Overwatch just is what it is. &gt; The big difference is that they did it well, and didn't go too far. It's easily digestible. I can believe that some GGers are fine with diversity that sticks below a certain level Define "too far". Because I don't consider Overwatch to be "low level" diversity, it's pretty damn diverse. &gt; Yes, absurd in that you seem to equate "political" with "controversial" or "adversarial". It isn't. No. I went with the most extreme political statement I could think of on purpose just to show how far this logic can be taken if you're being literal about it. Something need not be that far to be political. &gt; Being political isn't necessarily negative. No, it isn't. There's plenty of highly political media that I love. But ALL media being political and never giving the audience a break IS negative, it just wears one out. I mean how is it fair for example to call Doom political? You're presented with a situation completely divorced from anything that could ever happen in real life, in which violence is the only possible answer because the beings you face are pure, inhuman evil and the normal moral implications of taking a life do not apply. Hell, the game even refuses to tie their version of "demons" and "hell" to any specific religion. It's just an excuse plot for cathartic target practice. Or something like Quake or any other multiplayer arena game. You're barely given an explanation for who these people are or why they're fighting, it's just reskinned dodgeball. What's the politics of that? What's the politics of fucking pacman? I just think you have to read SO FAR into those games to find any way to tie it to politics, it makes about as much sense as my communist caricature with the sandwich. (Wow, sorry, that went over the character limit and I had to split it into two replies)
No, I don't believe games actually affect you that way whether you believe they do or not. But a person who DOES believe it, and approves of games about killing as long as it's a specific group they dislike being killed, is admitting the way in which they WANT society to be affected, who they WANT us trained to see as an acceptable target, even if it won't actually happen. It doesn't actually make the game itself harmful, but it demonstrates the person to be a dick.
Honestly, if he'd just threatened him it'd probably be LESS disturbing.
He was forced to by contract, IIRC.
This Laci thing has just been a goldmine. They're freaking out so badly they're forgetting to pretend they're totes not trying to control people.
The fact that there's people literally drawing fanart of them and coming up with ship names should really tell you something about how hard we're all pulling for these two. This is to the culture war like a Game of Thrones marriage where two great houses make peace by having the one lord's son and the other lord's daughter get hitched.
It has everything to do with our cause. It's called ideological consistency. We demand that SJWs acknowledge and denounce the extremists, bad actors, and general shitty people within their own ranks, instead of pretending their side is all good and ours all bad, and defending people who have inarguably done shitty things, such as Nyberg. We therefore have a responsibility to do the same thing when a complete asshole pops up in our own ranks.
I mean it would be pretty hilarious if we went full 4chan and actually tracked him down. But mostly I just thought it's funny that this retard is still on the run.
She never made up a terrorist attack. One can certainly argue that the media response to her threats was proportional to a terrorist attack, not to someone being sent a copypasta, but she never claimed that GamerGate carried out any actual attack. that was Brianna Wu.
It's also important however to differentiate between actual bad behavior deserving of repudiation, and simply having an obnoxious personality. TF is being a triggered little baby right now, but has he actually done anything that qualifies as "bad tactics", here or aimed against people we dislike? I haven't seen any harassment, doxxing, threats, smear campaigns, attempts to go after anyone's job, or anything like that. TL:DR, there's a difference between being a dick and actually crossing the line of morally acceptable behavior, and I don't think TF's crossed it.
Well I mean in politics it might just as much protect you from being brought down by a sex scandal. But yeah, I guess I get your point.
And men compete with other men for the attention of women, is that women's fault? Should you have to change your behavior so we don't act foolishly trying to impress you? I mean, you're not WRONG, but I still think the blame for bad behavior motivated by a desire for attention is still, generally speaking, on the person behaving badly, not the person whose attention they want.
To be fair, beating up warmongers has kinda always been her thing.
I definitely want some sort of "virtual public square" law to be a thing, the power of social media giants to curtail speech and socially engineer society is downright scary. But I'm not sure I buy this first amendment argument or think forbidding politicians from blocking people is a good idea. I don't think this is something that can be solved by the courts, what we need is an actual law that's able to go into enough detail to solve the problem without overreach or unintended consequences. Consider, for example, if Trump's account is a "public forum" that cannot be curtailed or controlled constitutionally, then twitter itself would be breaking the law with whatever algorithm they use so the same few verified contrarians always show up first in his replies. In fact, the entire idea of banning someone from twitter (and thus a private corporation barring their access to the President's public forum) would theoretically be illegal under this logic. You would be establishing tweeting at the President as a civil right, and thus tweeting in general as a civil right. Which would, if you think about it, allow the President to take away any corporation's rights of control over their service simply by using it.
Thanks. I was about to start taking pictures of my copy.
What irks me is the lasso making the meninist terrorists say "I'm insecure and full of self-loathing". While that may actually be true, few bigots are consciously aware of such motives behind their bigotry, and canonically the lasso should not be able to make someone reveal something they don't know!
Are you now willing to say that Anita is condemning this game as a social and/or moral harm, rather than simply criticizing it artistically? I don't see another way to read "unacceptable".
Right...yeah, probably. Derp.
"it's every bit as creepy as it sounds" fuck you Tucker. This is hilarious but...did it actually happen? Did he really have a meltdown on Tucker's show and become incoherent, or is Tucker just calling disagreement a mental breakdown?
But they're the same holiday events every year and were part of the base game? Aside from the pride one I mean.
What they did to Davina was the show's worst moment. Losing Cami was enough of a blow, but then immediately after Davina gets fucked over so horribly? And not even just dead, but the implication her SOUL was destroyed? That's just too far. Screaming and begging as she's erased from existence in agony? What a horrible disservice to a character that never did anything to deserve it. I wish they explained how her spirit survived that, but I'll take the happy ending they gave us and thank them for it. I'm glad they realized their mistake and found a way to fix it.
Yes it is. But it's one Anita inflicted on herself. People who go on the Colbert report, people who speak at the UN, people who stand in front of giant slides that say "EXPERT!" at conferences, people who present themselves as, or at least go along with a media narrative that presents them as, THE face of feminism in gaming...those people are reasonably held to a higher standard than the average rando on a messageboard. Anita is a professional communicator, and she has made certain claims, that she's not trying to take anything away from anyone, that it's okay to like problematic things, that she's nothing like Jack Thompson and the censors of the past who incited moral panic. She has to live up to those claims, she has to live up to the credibility that she is given largely BECAUSE she makes those claims. Is she or is she not making a moral condemnation here?
Wonderful &lt;.&lt; Didn't she lose? Is she still even gonna be PM? Not that it'd be any better under Corbyn I suspect, when it comes to civil liberties, the left and the right are just a two-man con job these days. One insists your rights have to be taken away to protect you from terrorism, the other insists your rights have to be taken away to protect you from hate speech, but at the end of the day the point is to take away your rights.
Can Australia please decide if it wants women to have tits or not have them? Cuz it seems to be determined to ban both. As we have proved time and time again, there are women who have these bodies naturally, they're just about as rare as men who have the bodies of male video game heroes. But nobody cares if BOYS feel inadequate for not being musclebound titans, we're expected to deal with it or work out. Also, if you think content in these games will harm your children, THAT'S WHY THEY HAVE RATINGS!
Yeah, I'm glad at least this isn't something where one side is claiming this is reasonable behavior. It's just so fucking bizarre. I mean...I don't know where Kuchera has been if he's truly NEVER watched something that's about women doing stuff. Like...Xena? There's tons of stuff in Xena where she's having adventures with the Amazons and there's no men around. Did Kuchera never know Sailor Moon existed? Or Buffy? Or Charmed?
You mean like this? http://media.gq.com/photos/562a9839133ea646062bbbc9/master/w_800/GQ%20Exclusive%20Image.jpg Cuz I vaguely remember you guys screaming "problematic!" and the usual bullshit.
Why do you think so many feminists want to demonize games? Equality is the death of their movement, which for many of them is their livelihood.
Lol they'll NEVER give her the invisible jet in a movie, movies are only for SERIOUS BUSINESS GRITTY HEROING that won't confuse the normies.
A Way Out looks good, obviously Mordor looks amazing but frankly...Mordor looks SO incredible that I'm not sure what they're promising is even possible, so I'm trying not to get too hyped and be disappointed when it then turns out you spend 90% of the game NOT doing the kind of awesome shit they're showing. Obviously Anthem just looks eye-poppingly gorgeous, I think we know where Andromeda's animation budget went...the new AC is very pretty and...I dunno...are they going a little souls with the combat? I'm not complaining if they are, AC NEEDED a combat overhaul badly. I'm a sucker for Ori so I'm glad that got a sequel. Jesus the name for that new Xbox though... The EA conference was mostly meh, microsoft was better but there really hasn't been a wow moment yet this year. Maybe I've just gotten cynical to E3 hype.
&gt; I've seen plenty of SJW hate against Watch Dogs 2. It's easy to find. A quick search for AC:S turns up plenty as well. Nowadays any game with the mildest diversity or alternate themes gets accused. Sure, but I'm sick of GamerGate getting blamed for every bigot everywhere when the backlash isn't coming from us. Search either game on KIA, there are no threads saying anything negative about diversity in Watch Dogs 2, one about Syndicate that's linking to someone ELSE who discussed it. This issue barely registered relative to the overall discussions of those two games that happened on KIA. I'm sure there's some bad comments somewhere, but by and large, backlash against diversity in those games was not coming from us. It was coming from somewhere else. &gt; It's impossible to discuss Dworkin if you're going to be selective about which of her writings you choose to take literally and which you creatively interpret. Maybe if she actually explained what intercourse WOULDN'T be violatory I would believe she was doing more than just backpedaling. She didn't actually clarify her position, she just said "no no, totally not what I meant, and if you thought that, it suggests YOU are brainwashed by patriarchy!", that's deflecting, not explaining. It doesn't actually shine any light on what the alleged REAL meaning of her words was. &gt; It's just interesting what fiction people choose to focus on as a scary real threat, and what to interpret as entertainment, hypothetical storytelling or cathartic release. Dworkin wasn't talking about fiction. She wasn't talking about executing people in a video game, she was talking about executing them in real life.
Well I mean, given that her head exploded I have conflicting feelings about this statement. =P What actually the fuck did I watch?!
You didn't make that very clear.
Two sides of the same coin. And I'm sure McIntosh thinks violence is fine when it's done by people he agrees with.
Ah, okay, so at least he wasn't lying, it's just irrelevant to his claims.
Then why didn't the Africans have their own cannons and muskets to fight the Europeans off? They were not gonna go from the iron age to the space age in 300 years. If they were developing that fast, they'd have already been outpacing the Europeans, and they'd have colonized us instead of the other way around. And frankly, if it weren't for the Europeans conquering them, the Turks and Arabs would have done it, and frequently DID.
"Oy vey goyim"? They took a comment that begins with "Oy vey goyim" seriously?! No. This is clickbait. They have either fallen for a troll job, AGAIN, exactly like they did with the Far Cry petition but even more obviously absurd because everybody in gaming knows what Wolfenstein is and HAS ALWAYS BEEN ABOUT, or they know perfectly well this is bullshit and are dishonestly presenting it as serious anyway so they can gin up another nontroversy. The latter seems far more likely to me.
We're talking about a developer here who saw the problems. He was pro-GG, his game was supposed to be about a progressive dystopia. He's not a cultist, he's just a coward.
If you think these are "male attributes", I think YOU are the misogynist.
Why would anyone NOT want their culture depicted and celebrated? I understand that when you're talking about like sacred religious stuff, you might be sensitive about accuracy. But just your culture's fashion and music? How is that not a good thing to see?
Between Evergreen and the Laci harassment, they've made themselves look like insane hypocrites. And whenever they're in trouble, they DARVO and trot out their good old boogeyman, GamerGate.
People critical of Anita often liken what she does to a protection racket. Kiss her ass and give her money and/or free publicity, and she'll give your game the feminist rubber stamp, otherwise she'll scream at it for sexism. She does not do herself any favors in that regard softballing a guy who's praising her when she certainly did have critical things to say about his game. That said, I think Dishonored did what it set out to do in the sequel the right way. It wasn't zero sum, they didn't implement Anita's feedback by taking anything away from players who liked the status quo. You can still play as Corvo if you prefer. Of course, not every game has the development resources to offer every option, but I do think that a big and needed change to the conversation about inclusion in gaming is that we should start having it in terms of options for the player. If, say, Nintendo localizers censoring female characters costumes simply included a switch in the options menu that let you turn that off (perhaps protectable with a password so parents can keep children from playing the sexier version), I don't think it would be so big a deal to many people.
That's not sinister, it's being good at her job.
To be fair, if that were in COD, I would not complain.
Whaaaaaat? Are you serious, there's black Nazis? Black Nazis, no swastikas, this allegedly historical game has come unhinged from all semblance of reality. If you wanna do this, just make a flat out alt history.
He wasn't noted for shit! The tweets were found AFTER he announced his game.
Probably option 2. All she wants is publicity and patreon money.
The only emotion in question seems to be pettiness.
The FBI didn't fail to make a case. They decided there was NO CASE TO MAKE. That is why their file is considered CLOSED, not COLD. You do know the difference between those two terms, right?
Oh yeah, that's totally consistent logic. "This thing is terrible, and it's making the world worse! But feel free to do it to your heart's content! I love doing it all the time!" Lolno.
Oh a guy wrote some purple prose, woe is you. Creators have been expounding on the nature of beauty since the dawn of art, fuck off. I don't even LIKE Joss, he's a virtue-signalling has-been, but this is a stupid thing to get mad at.
Canada is insane.
No! Do NOT let them ruin comparisons between GamerGate and the A team!
It's neither. These people and their black and white, "with us or against us" thinking...
I don't think Anita would get much disagreement with this video...if she didn't spend the first half of it poisoning the well before she even gets to her actual point. Blaming media without evidence, insisting that people's humanity is taken away when they're the butt of jokes, even when EVERYONE is being mocked, conflating characters who dressed up in drag to get away with a crime with those that are actually transgender, making absurd statements that not getting to use a bathroom takes away your right to *EXIST*...holy fuck...I don't see any point in including ANY of this except to make sure that her actual argument gets the backlash she needs to maintain her brand, even when by itself, it wouldn't. Personally, I think the bathroom debate is about the stupidest wedge issue ever. The right's argument is that, without strict biological gender segregation in toilets, the women's bathroom will be overrun with pervs creeping on ladies. This is, of course, absurd, because women are still going to actually GO INTO THEIR STALLS before they drop their skirts and let one rip. If somebody is trying to stick their head under the stall, ARREST THEM! Simple. Not to mention that plenty of places already have unisex toilets and we are not seeing some crime wave of fapping freaks. The left's argument, however, is no better. The same feminists who argue "potty parity", are the first to cite biological sex differences when they want to explain why women should have more facilities than men because they take longer to go. And now, at the same time, they're claiming that all you need to do to be trans, and thus allowed to use the bathroom of your choosing, is decide you are. BWUH?! Maybe the best thing to do is go a step further than the left is saying, and simply end bathroom segregation period. People are not just walking around the common area of a bathroom with their clothes off, even urinals are generally either shaped to give your junk some privacy, or have little dividing walls between them. Worst case scenario, what? Somebody checks somebody else out? Who cares. We don't expect gay people to use different bathrooms so they can't look at the gender they're attracted to, that would be nuts. Maybe if you were talking about locker rooms or something where people DO just get totally naked in common areas, there'd be more legitimacy to a backlash about this, I can understand the fear that some dude really WOULD just go in the women's locker room to watch naked chicks shower. But I say that as somebody who's never been entirely comfortable changing in front of strangers, even of my own sex. Logically, even with that I face the fundamental issue that if we don't expect gays to use different lockers, the argument is one of perception, not reality. Maybe we should all just go full Starship Troopers and abandon these nudity taboos altogether...but with that would have to come a societal understanding that the rules are "look, don't touch" and you can't get offended if somebody checks you out...because they will, inevitably, it's just human nature. I don't think our society is quite ready for that, even if it's ultimately the best solution, and we need a stopgap until such a radical shift is socially feasible. Obviously, laws that say you must use the bathroom for the gender you were assigned at birth are bigoted and overreaching, and when a person transitions, they should be wholly treated by the law as the gender they have now become (or whatever the current PC language for that is), but at the same time, I don't think this "all you have to do is say you're trans and you are" expectation is reasonable. We need an objective, medically quantifiable, legal definition of at what point someone has transitioned enough to qualify to change their legal sex. I'm neither a doctor nor transgender, so I don't feel qualified to say what point that should be, probably requiring sex reassignment is too extreme, I know it's risky surgery and some transgender people don't even get it, but there should BE a requirement, other than "I feel". And unisex bathrooms, I just don't see the harm in that, regarding transgender people or anyone else.
No shit, graphics get better every year.
No one has actually been executed for treason in this country since 1953. This is just somebody's murder fetish.
Once again, EvilLore wrings his hands about how shitty his forum has gotten, but just lets the shittiness continue...
That's the consequence of outrage culture, and devs capitulating to vocal minorities on twitter. In the end, NOBODY gets the thing they actually wanted and were excited to play, we all only end up with watered down versions so someone else isn't offended. Is that ever as fun? Does playing the game not then just make you sad for reminding you of what it COULD have been? SJWs know what it's like now, I saw all the comments from disappointed GAFers and Ghazelles that the cult being diverse and having nothing to do with Trump killed their interest in it. But clearly they learned nothing of how that lesson should apply to their own behavior...or more likely they just don't care, because THEY should get what they enjoy, while drinking the tears of everyone else who doesn't.
Okay, so it's not what the headline tried to make it sound like. But that's still a weird thing to include.
Technically true, but I suspect unintentionally so.
What are most people familiar with a crosshair being used on? A rifle. This is special pleading.
So don't trust her. But at least give her the room to prove, or disprove, your suspicions. You know how they say one doesn't join GamerGate, they get thrown in the pit with the rest of us? That can work the other way too. Don't let your doubts become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Blaming a play, or a comedian, or people like that for radicalized leftists attacking people is misguided anyway. I do believe the media bears some responsibility, but that belongs to people who purport to be the news, to be mainstream, credible journalists reporting the truth about the real world, not a joke or an allegory or a work of fiction but reality, yet tout the same kind of fearmongering, inflated, crazy rhetoric suggesting that Trump is Satan and will turn American into a fascist dictatorship. People can separate reality from fantasy just fine, even if this play is tasteless, and it IS, anybody who isn't a ticking time bomb anyway knows it's just a metaphor. But they CANNOT necessarily make that distinction when the fantasy is claiming to BE reality, and is packaged in the trappings of real news to boot.
What horrible people.
This was the excuse of all of her vocal critics here. "Oh I didn't have the time or interest to show up to the AMA!" bullshit. You'll rail against her ideas endlessly when she's not here to defend herself, but your one chance to actually confront her you just can't be bothered? No, that is intellectual cowardice. That is an inability to defend your arguments when you won't be able to pull the "I know what she REALLY meant and how secretly awful she is, you white knight apologist!" card. She "didn't answer any hard questions" only because not one of you haters showed up to ask any. You could've asked her about the honey badgers. You could've asked her about Men's Rights Edmonton. I know for a FACT that she was prepared to talk about those things because she was showing copies of her emails with the HBB to the mods before the AMA, so her claims could be verified if it came up without her having to publicly release stuff that could be considered dox. Don't believe me? Ask the mods. And don't say she was slandering them behind their backs to our mods either, they were contacted for comment as well. You could've asked her about her comments on Witcher 2 (which she's gone into on streams a bazillion times since anyway). But you didn't, because you just want to push the same nonsense arguments when she's not here to defend herself, and I think on some level you knew perfectly well she'd BTFO you if you said it to her face. You wanna know why I like Liana so much? Because SJWs scream that she's an evil GG apologist who's NOT calling games sexist and saying they need to change, and people like you scream that she's another Anita who is. And someone who EVERY kind of unhelpful extremist finds threatening is someone worth listening to. Fucking hell, if she were another Anita, don't you think she'd have just picked a damn side back in 2014? She'd be making so much fucking money as the poster girl for either one, but she DIDN'T.
I'm not even mad, this is too funny to get mad at, but boy am I CONFUSED. It's WWII, supposedly...but you CAN play as a black female Nazi, and you CAN'T depict swastikas. On its face that just seems....comical! I question if glossing over the reasons why the Nazis were so evil and needed to be fought even at the terrible toll of human lives WWII amassed is actually a good idea. I don't think that being politically correct at the expense of rewriting history is particularly healthy, because if it becomes ubiquitous enough, you DO run that risk of eventually forgetting history as it actually happened, and, as the saying goes, potentially repeating it. I understand what they're trying to do here, but if they're gonna go this far with it, I think it would have been better if they had gone FULL alt-history and set the game in a fictitious war kinda like WWII...which would have given them more creative license anyway, and hey, maybe could've had some sweet [dieselpunk mechs](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/81/90/1c/81901cb2925c1206e2fb1a82b4703de1.jpg) or something.
So, WERE hot.
Fortunately for ME, I live in America, where the constitution is the supreme law of the land and such a UN resolution will quite simply be ignored. But I sincerely feel for the rest of the world, and I hope the UN does not actually go through with something this insane. Without "cultural appropriation", we'd all still be in the stone age. GIVE THE FRENCH BACK THEIR FORKS!
And yet, Soros on his own is just a guy. Unless he wants to outright bribe a politician, which is already illegal, what his money can do to influence an election is limited. He can't just finance a politician's entire campaign out of pocket, contribution limits apply to him just like everyone else. To disproportionally sway elections, Soros needs to buy infrastructure that normal people don't have access to, lobbyists, shills, paid protesters, propagandists, etc, and Citizens United allowed the formation of SuperPACs that let him do that. So a big donor like George Soros has an avenue of speech that the 99% don't, he can form a SuperPAC, and essentially run his own campaign on behalf of a politician or agenda, bypassing the contribution limits that apply to the rest of us. Citizens United ALSO allows corporations and unions to engage in political communications FROM THEIR CORPORATE FUNDS. This is a big difference, because BEFORE Citizens United, if 1%ers wanted to influence elections, they had to spend out of pocket to do so, and even if you're George Soros, Illuminati bullshit gets expensive real fast. AFTER Citizens United, the people controlling corporate and union funds can essentially SPEND OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY on political campaigning. If I own a stock portfolio or pay union dues, my money can be spent on speech I disagree with, without my knowledge or consent, by donating it to political non-profits that are allowed to accept dark money. Doesn't spending my money to push an agenda I don't like take away MY free speech? My right to choose what I advocate?
It is when you crowdfund that lawyer's fees and keep a sizeable chunk of change for yourself in the process. Serious about your activism? Donate the excess to your cause.
What happened to the idea that the punishment should fit the crime? IF Otto Warmbier did what they claimed he did (because let's face it, NK makes up charges against people all the time), then he should have gotten a brief stint in jail and kicked out of the country. Instead he was tortured to death over a piece of cloth.
This sounds like some kind of gay parody of a stereotypical Nice Guy rant. This HAS to be satire.
Supernatural with women? What, will they have a different cast every episode because they kill them all? &lt;.&lt; I've assumed they were setting something like this up for a couple seasons now, with the way they've been slowly positioning Annie and Claire as the next Sam and Dean respectively. Certainly sounds like a better idea than their LAST attempt at a spinoff. As someone who has been on this show's rollercoaster for pretty much my entire adult life, and gone from rabid fan, to quitting and swearing never to watch it again, back to rabid fan, I'm cautiously optimistic. Of course, I'd like to see a shitton of fanservice for dudes to balance out all the fanservice for ladies on the main show...but if they do that, they better take the joke of reversing everything all the way and constantly kill off MALE characters. Of course, they're unlikely to do either of those things, because like Supernatural, like the CW in general, like MOST network TV right now, the show's target demographic and primary audience is likely to be female. I accept that I'm in the minority as a fan, and not the writers priority to cater to. If I can accept that though, why do some people feel like any medium that primarily caters to men, because men are most of the audience, is automatically sexist, and its alleged "exclusion" of women must be dismantled? It seems like there's a double standard here, men are expected to SHOW UP if we hope to be catered to, while women can demand a piece of media cater to them in the HOPE that they will show up if it does.
What the absolute fuck are you talking about? This entire conversation is about fictional characters on both sides.
Well for the one, see somebody like Sarkeesian, who seems to believe that feminism and pacifism go hand in hand, and for the other, look at like the female separatist branch of feminisim, "a woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle", I mean that's as much of a rejection of "stand by your man" as you can get.
The right wing wants to take away your rights to protect you from terrorism. The left wing wants to take away your rights to protect you from hate speech. They both want to take away your rights, it's just a classic two man con job.
See Emp? Was that so hard?
Something is deeply wrong with you if you think this shit is worth it for attention. You couldn't pay me to put myself through her "performances".
http://www.beesgo.biz/chrome.html It's a term of affection, she swears. If you believe her, then you shouldn't report my posts if I start calling you a little shit! (I'm not actually gonna do that, Shoden and Bitter have enough nonsense to deal with)
Yeah, exactly, hence, smooth Vivian. Besides, she'd probably wax anyway just to make Lillian flip her shit about the male gaze and unrealistic beauty standards. Vivian isn't lazy when it comes to trolling.
Start playing the Wolfenstein trailer in the background while she's on stage!
You reminded me of a steam sale....you monster. Now I'm gonna waste fucktons of money, half of it on shit I'll probably never play, and two years from now I'll find it in my steam library and go "I own THAT? What even IS that?" Thank God Andromeda's only on origin, or this is probably the point where I'd have caved and bought it. Oh hey, darkest dungeon has an expansion now...and I did wanna try Tyranny...and Mafia III is really cheap...and this three kingdoms strategy game looks kinda cool...and...is this an FPS where you can play as a shark?! ...GOD DAMMIT!
....Aaaand I went down the Crusader Kings rabbit hole. Oh my God that game is NUTS! ....GOOD THING THERE'S A STEAM SALE ON!
Oh nooooo....and this actually looked good!
Lol, even a few randos playing D&amp;D, the FBI thought were scarier than GamerGate. Yet we're the terrorists.
Just imagine for a second the reaction if the roles had been reversed with that Sargon and Anita thing.
The idea of a man who has become old and decrepit, but still has and attempts to act on the sex drive of a "younger" man, thus used to suggest that something is wrong with him because he doesn't seem to realize society expects him to know his time is over and not have such desires anymore is usually played for comedy or gross-out factor, not FEAR, I suspect because it's assumed his shriveled old wang won't actually be able to ACT on his urges. Sure, we have viagra now, but we're talking primal fears that come from our lizard brains, an invention that's been around for a few decades won't change that. If this article IS serious, I think one of its biggest mistakes is acting like far more of what scares people is socialized than is actually true, terror is a very instinctive reaction. All that said, I don't see being portrayed as icky or pathetic as particularly any kinder than being portrayed as frightening, so I don't see any real sexism there. It's not like people are hurting or discriminating against little old ladies because they're afraid they're evil dangerous hag monsters. Maybe 300 years ago when we were still burning people for witchcraft. But let's give the Western world SOME credit for social progress, THAT at least is wholly gone from our society.
The right says they're taking away your freedom to save you from terrorism The left says they're taking away your freedom to save you from hate speech But ultimately, it's just the powerful protecting themselves. Censorship has never actually benefited marginalized groups, it will ALWAYS be used for authoritarianism in the end.
This is really beautiful to watch, this whole Laci Green thing has repaired my faith in humanity in a very real way. She made the first move towards reconciliation, and it's wonderful to see the degree to which that's been accepted, and people on our side are making similar and sincere gestures. Who knows, Laci may go down in history as the person who ended this mess, if any of it is significant enough for history to remember. Ultimately I think what people on both sides have to realize is that we've all spent three years hurting each other, and that for like 95% of people, their pain and their anger is real, and represents the experience they've actually had dealing with the other side. The other 5% are professional victims, trolls, and other bad actors throwing gas on the fire on purpose. I do believe that people who have large social media followings are under a moral obligation to make a reasonable, good faith effort to prevent their followers from harassing others in their name. NOT, mind you, to censor themselves or tone down their legitimate opinions because others might interpret them as an invitation to harass, but to avoid call to arms style rhetoric, and to clearly, consistently explain that they expect their audiences to behave themselves in a civil and reasonable way. And I also believe that tech companies need to give content creators the tools to actually DO something if members of their audience behave in such a way. It should be possible to IP ban someone from watching your youtube videos or following you on twitter. Or, in GamerGate's case, to ban someone from a hashtag. To say "you're behaving like a psycho, I don't want you in my audience, your .03 cents worth of ad revenue is not worth how awful you're being". It won't truly STOP hardcore problem people, they'll just use a proxy or alt accounts or something, but it'll at least send a clear message that no, the content creator you idolize and think you're white knighting for does NOT low-key approve of your actions. And this goes for people on both sides, there are as many or more SJWs whose audiences rabidly dogpile people as shitlords. And I say "or more" because SJWs aren't treated as under ANY obligation to do anything about it. That's my real problem, the double standard. If you're an anti-SJW, NOTHING you do is ever enough to free yourself from guilt by association. If you're an SJW, you're not treated as having ANY duty to be mindful of your rhetoric or the actions of your audience. And that needs to change. But the first step, maybe the most important step, to making that change is to get the two sides talking, and understanding that there are human beings on the other side who have been genuinely hurt as a direct or indirect result of their actions and the actions of their movement. So I'm so heartened to see that starting.
Evil hillbillies stories often DO feature primal fears such as inbreeding and cannibalism to really trigger that strong biological "NOPE!" reaction. Plus, a seemingly invincible maniac chasing you with a chainsaw is pretty scary no matter who they are. Dracula, and all vampires, play on our biological aversion to parasites and the primal fear of being eaten. There's also often an element of religious horror to vampire stories, which is based on fear of the unknown and fear of death...and specifically what may or may not come after death. Dracula is interesting because Dracula began a long, slow shift towards glamorizing vampires, and their bloodlust being portrayed less as parasitism than as a metaphoric sex act. Now maybe this is just me, but Dracula never actually SCARED me, I thought he was cool more than terrifying. Same for Buffy, 99% of the time I watched it as action comedy, not horror. The only truly frightening character to me was Angelus, who LOOKS completely normal and mundane, but beneath that is the maybe the most gut-punchingly malevolent being who's ever lived in their universe.
&gt; I want to quibble over the 'bad people' thing, but that seems to have gotten this thread a bit derailed. I think Aster is saying that employing and endorsing the old crone trope in horror films is bad; they never said that people were bad or wrong, just the behaviour. On the other hand, judging behaviour can still be preachy and uncalled for. She says the following at the end of the article: &gt; In the end, the true terror of horror films might not be about the monsters they contain, but about what they reveal about the people who create and consume them. That is a direct condemnation of the people who create and consume films employing the crone trope. &gt; Personally, I think 'the crone' is far more common than the 'creepy old man' examples you've given Than the examples I've given? Yes. But I was going from offhand memory and the first couple pages of a single google image search. I'm sure the list is much more exhaustive if one wanted to do comprehensive research.
&gt; This bitch Did you just misgender him you shitlord?!
&gt; Technically, yes. It's all dependent on opportunity, really. If an "SJW" had spent five years shitting on someone, I'd totally understand them finally responding once with the most stupidly tame insult if they found themselves in the same situation. I think a person doing a panel should comport themselves professionally, and not single out audience members to pursue personal vendettas. If Anita wants to have it out with Sargon, she can respond to him in one of her videos, or come talk to him one on one after she's done on stage. If he disrupts the panel or something, that's a different story. But hey, at least you're being consistent. &gt; Good point, when the story is "manchildren on the internet flip the fuck out harder than they ever should have because someone said they were planning to criticise the toys those manchildren identify with to an obviously unhealthy degree" it's more news-worthy. But apparently not "man/womanchildren on the internet flip the fuck out harder than they ever should have because somebody they don't like got "BTFOed" or because somebody did something "problematic"". No, what's good for the goose should be good for the gander. No matter how abusive SJWs are dogpiling someone, or how stupid the reason is, it's NEVER treated the way that Anita getting dumped on did. &gt; That's like saying that gaining large amounts of wealth would give anyone more freedom and ability to purchase what they want so the poor can interact with the market the same as the rich. You get to participate in this discourse differently than Sarkeesian. Then Anita probably should not agree to speak on conventional panels, appear on television interviews, build a career as a youtuber, crowdfund, or do other things that promote her own fame. Because, LIKE EVERYONE ELSE, if she interacts with the public online discourse in those ways, she will get the downsides of online fame.
POLITICIANS!
Hey, the games are great, I'm not knocking the gameplay, I loved SOM, if SOW actually manages to do what it's claiming it can do, it'll be a strong game of the year contender. But I know going in that to enjoy it, I have to take off my Tolkien lore nerd hat and just not overthink it.
Oh my God...what the absolute fuck? This shit no hyperbole scares me. That is unbelievably insane. This is now what I'm gonna link to whenever anybody tells me SJWs don't demand for "privileged" people to hate themselves. In fairness to Ghazi, however, this post seems to finally mark a point where even THEY draw a line of what is too extreme, as it has been removed, and the person who wrote it demodded.
Well good.
Now ANITA is problematic? Man, I totally called this. I said when this happened if it were reversed the narrative would be "Sargon was trying to incite the crowd to attack her, Anita's life was in danger". But I can't believe they're trying to push that WHEN HE WAS JUST SITTING THERE.
A group of powerful, connected people circlejerk about how they're gonna blacklist a person. (exact quote from Zoe was that she wanted to make sure Liana "could never find honest work again") That person suddenly starts discovering that they can't find work and no one is being allowed to talk to them. It seems reasonable to conclude that a connection between these two things is likely. And it was for being "the devil". In the chatlogs they're all claiming that Liana is a GGer, which she's plainly not, and hating her for that.
Those are intro and break screens, the purpose of the stream is the tournament. If Anita had a long static image while she set something up, followed by actual legitimate content, I would not complain. Any reasonable person understands the set up times involved in large scale real world events.
No. Her Twitch VOD archive does not go that far back, sadly.
Wow....we sure say "hornet's nest" a lot. GG needs some new material. But I wouldn't call this a hornet's nest situation. One can reasonably expect a bit more professionalism from a major convention and its panels than from the wilds of 4chan.
Not in the sense SJWs use the term.
Oh fuck off with that nonsense Strich, it's right there in black and white, she broke the rules even in their opinion, and they took her side completely anyway.
She hasn't even DONE anything! All she said is she's willing to listen! She doesn't even AGREE with us, she's just trying to argue against what we ACTUALLY believe instead of a strawman thereof! She's actually becoming a MORE effective feminist debater!
They don't live in reality, so no, they won't be doing that.
Slowly but surely, the Trump administration seems to be dismantling the kangaroo courts and flushing the excuses Obama gave universities to hide behind while pushing this shit. In that, at least, they are succeeding. And what's more, we've made SJWs a public laughing stock. They've lost the presumption that their side are the default good guys. That, I think, is the biggest part.
They always fall for it.
You probably shouldn't go around calling audience members cunts. Of course you shouldn't go around calling them garbage humans either.
And part of a critic's product is also their credibility, especially if that person pushes pre-orders, crowdfunding, or other forms of soliciting money for something promised in the future. How is reminding people that Anita is on tape saying she's not a fan of video games any different than TB or Jim Sterling reminding people of a game developer's history of shady business practices? And Anita may not make VIDEOS about specific people (besides the President, who's the President and that's kinda different), but she certainly tweets to her 700k+ followers shaming specific people, like the guy who fapped to Krystal from Star Fox, comedians who make jokes she finds offensive, or the developers of the "unacceptable" Strange Brigade. Is Anita directing her followers to harass these people, simply by rattling her saber about how allegedly bad they are?
Only when you define harassment the way Sarkeesian does.
