I ain't got nobody, and nobody cares for me.
Young pups TIL...Damn I turn 42 tomorrow.
40 year old virgin when the drunk woman he picks up at the bachelorette party starts driving and hits everything then t-bones the parked car and says "Fucker Came Out Of Nowhere!" And a lot of scenes in Kingpin...One of my all time favorite comedies.
This guy is a credit card hackers wet dream.
Speaking of Robin William movies. The Fisher King has some really sad parts.
Thanks TransvestiteCurves
You taught me a valuable lesson. I will now always use the bathroom before getting on an elevator.
Meant for people that are less fortunate, but only has an HDMI hookup 😒
That dog is defective. They can still take it back, because it still has the price tag on its neck.
"What officer? Guy can't join hair club for men? Is there a law against that now?" "Sorry sir, I am just going to give you a warning this time." "Damn right you are"
Take your damn upvote!
Scheuer wasn’t killed and didn’t wind up with paralysis or brain damage, thus limiting the potential damages. “The facts are good for GM in that one,’’ said Bob Langdon, a lawyer in Kansas City, Missouri, who represents dozens of plaintiffs suing GM alleging injuries or deaths caused by ignition defects. “It’s not a big injury.’’ It just takes two small paragraphs to prove, once again, that lawyers are the fucking scum of the earth.
There us no telling how much more shit he lied about. The amount if people he said he killed sounds ridiculous as well.
You get an upvote for using the, almost extinct word, Kerfuffle.
It is a perfect example of how everyone could pitch in to make everyone rich, but we are too selfish
Yes it wood. Wood you buy one? I know I wood.
Daniel Day Lewis says I GOT 3 BITCHES! SUCK IT! https://youtu.be/q9drV2hHVp4
Nike has been doing it for decades.
Because of a valued resource....Oil. Iran also has one of the largest oil refineries in the middle east. North Korea has nothing we care about.
I love mine. Now that I have it, I could never see myself without one.
Vachina!
Gitmo, Larry, and Curly...Fuck Shimp.
I think it is funny that there is an article just a little above this one talking about how a barrel of oil is the cheapest it has been since 1993
Saudi controls Apec. Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Apec prices Edit: As another Redditor pointed out it is OPEC, not APEC. I typed it at 5 a.m., and was not really thinking clearly.
That is what I meant. A wire is loose in my head. I typed it around 5 a.m. this morning, so i was really not thinking clearly.
You are very wrong. http://m.smh.com.au/business/energy/saudi-defends-countrys-strategy-to-abandon-opec-production-targets-20151207-glhl3p.html Just a couple of grabs from the article The market remains concerned that Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC members will accept a lower crude price to defend their market share...(The peanuts I was talking about) And this was said about SA not wanting a cap. The move makes a lot of sense because if you are trying to capture market share, and you are the lowest-cost producer, why would you put a ceiling on your production?" said Sadad Al-Husseini, a former executive with Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company who now acts as energy adviser to the royal family-controlled King Faisal Foundation. "And if you have newcomers who want to add capacity – that is Iran and Iraq – why would you want a ceiling? It never made any sense to me. Try to roll back production from a country like Saudi Arabia, which the whole world depends on, just doesn't make sense." The reason Opec wants a cap is because SA is producing a hell of a lot of oil, which in turn helps their country but is hurting other countries that produce oil because SA has more peanuts.
That's the morality clause. It does not imply one or the other, but it can place doubt in 12 jurors heads. The video should be admissible, as it relates to the case.
I wonder if I could trade my son to her for a knitted one....He just hit puberty.
No, make it the inside band photo, so people would think that was what the band looked like....The kicker....It's a Bluegrass album.
The cast from Fresh Off The Boat?
Tina! Eat The Fooood!
It's good to see you got out of the bio dome.
OP is wearing OP.
You can't have Party in the front and back!
Ahhhh, good girl. Now go grab a copy of Faith No More's new album.
T.V's beloved bigot.
That album was when the added a keyboardist. A whole new layer, but still freaking groovy as hell and awesome. And yes it was their album after Blast Tyrant. Beale Street To Oblivion was after RH/Exodus and was the last album with their keyboardist. When Nathan was asked in an interview why the got rid of their keyboardist he said, we didn't, he just didn't want to tour anymore. Any Clutch fan can tell you that Clutch tours a HELL OF A LOT. Crobot has been touring with them lately. I recommend you check them out. I seen them with Clutch and The Sword on my 40th Bday in Asheville, NC Legend Of The Spaceborn Killer is the song that grabbed my attention. https://youtu.be/_YJ41TS-iOo
Pig Bladder's regenerate as well. Scientists have successfully used it in early trials to regenerate muscle and fingertips for humans. http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/scientists-regenerate-leg-muscles-pig-bladder-tissue Also, Here is a video of Dr. Stephen Badylak explaining how the regenerative process works. https://youtu.be/gwR8rEcVu7c
American politics is no longer changed by what the people want but rather by corporations and lobbyists. If America tried instilling a free healthcare system Health insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyists would be all over capital hill. My city has been trying to build a rail system from our city to Atlanta, then to Nashville, then eventually to Chicago. The people want it, but as soon as it is proposed, airline lobbyists shoot it down every time. I have always said that greed is the largest opponent of progress, and with every passing decade it just becomes more prevalent in America I will let Arthur Jensen (Ned Beatty) explain it https://youtu.be/yuBe93FMiJc
People in mosque: This motherfucker is a undercover fed!
Best sense of humor? A dark sense of humor.
In short Saudi Arabia controls Opec (Organization Of Petroleum Exporting Countries) Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Opec prices. Opec wants to put a cap on oil production, but Saudi Arabia does not want to adhere to it, because they are making a lot of money from producing a lot of oil. Here is an article explaining that. http://m.smh.com.au/business/energy/saudi-defends-countrys-strategy-to-abandon-opec-production-targets-20151207-glhl3p.html Just a couple of grabs from the article The market remains concerned that Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC members will accept a lower crude price to defend their market share...(The peanuts I was talking about) And this was said about SA not wanting a cap. The move makes a lot of sense because if you are trying to capture market share, and you are the lowest-cost producer, why would you put a ceiling on your production?" said Sadad Al-Husseini, a former executive with Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company who now acts as energy adviser to the royal family-controlled King Faisal Foundation. "And if you have newcomers who want to add capacity – that is Iran and Iraq – why would you want a ceiling? It never made any sense to me. Try to roll back production from a country like Saudi Arabia, which the whole world depends on, just doesn't make sense." The reason Opec wants a cap is because SA is producing a hell of a lot of oil, which in turn helps their country but is hurting other countries that produce oil because SA has more peanuts.
She was hoping a firefighter would give her the hose.
I think The Dude would even be kind of sad.
"That is why on the occasion of this 10th anniversary of Passion, a film about an innocent man’s willingness to forgive the greatest injustice, I propose to Hollywood that it’s time to forgive Mel Gibson." Did the writer just compare Mel Gibson to Jesus... I knew I should have stopped reading after she wrote "Gibson, who essentially used his tongue as a lethal weapon." /Places Hand Over Closed Eyes And Moves Head Side To Side
I got a chuckle out of the terrible writing and metaphors.
Well, at least you won't have to worry about your dog ever doing that again.
Don't forget though, that Tony Iommi had a bought with cancer before they started recording 13.
Would you like to make some fuck.
I am the same age as this guy. http://cdn2.thr.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/675x380/2014/11/leonardo_dicaprio.jpg
No...No it does not.
David Bowies response: "You know how I know you are gay, you are Coldplay"
Florida: The land of backward laws.
Very efficient. It probably explains why they are no longer considered extinct.
The same happened to me. It did not come up in the system and the clerk was like. Oh well, toss it and don't worry about it. It happened around the holidays. It was the best present I got that year.
And here is how a clutch works. https://youtu.be/pqF-aBtTBnY
I don't care how many times this gets reposted, because it never gets old.
She seems to suffer from noassatall.
A Mario Kart/Mad Max mashup....Hell Yeah!
Fucking Lag!
They actually have the colored version on Netflix right now. I also think they still have the documentary of how the colored version came to be as well.
When I was young we had an English Sheep Dog that would climb a ladder. I use to get on the top of the house with her. My dad had to get her off the roof though.
It also is in a few states.
I started making rings about 4 months ago, and I owe it all to Reddit for inspiring me. There was a gentleman on Reddit that made coin rings and it really got me interested in the hobby. I made state quarter rings for my wife, sisters, and mother for christmas and they loved them.
Want to help me you little fucker. Like that?
If the S.S. office will send checks to a p.o. box, get one and have it sent there. That is what I would do.
Man, I love nature and how sometimes it is like "HA HA! Fuck You Humans!"
It says in the article. Did you read it?
How do I lose interest in a hobby??? The moment a fucking lawyer becomes involved.
My grandmother has Alzheimer's. My ex wife's grandfather had it as well. When her grandmother passed away he was oblivious at the funeral. He thought he was there because someone else passed away and just kept asking where his wife is. Such a sad thing to see.
Oh, you mean Infernal Affairs https://youtu.be/ZSeDiGRFVUk
#DigitalLivesMatter
Oh.......This is actually a real sport.
Betrayal only leads to more betrayal.
Sometimes it is better for one to gravitate their ass to a boat and get the fuck out of there .
Watch the movie Wrist Cutter's. One of the main characters is a Russian named Eugene, he is a musician, and every song he performs is a Gogol Bordello song.
That's Awesome! It is a great freaking movie. The day before I seen the movie I was watching a concert on PBS. The concert had random musicians playing together and one of them was Tom Waits, my wife had never heard of him (mind boggled) I let her listen to some songs off of Rain Dogs, and she loved him. I told her it has been a while since I have listened to him, so we listened to him a little that day. The very next day we rented Wrist Cutters and , Boom, there he was. We didn't even know Tom Waits was in it. It seemed so weird to me that I just started listening to his music again the day before, and then there he was in a movie I rented. He is in one of my favorite parts of the movie as well. It's the part where he is trying to get his dog back from Will Arnett's character. He starts saying Treat Treat Then the dog growls at him and Will Arnett's character says The dog has spoken. The way they both deliver their lines crack me up in that scene. If by chance you have never listened to Tom Waits, check him out. He is awesome. https://youtu.be/1wfamPW3Eaw
I gave up trying to read the hand writing.
Jimmy Buffetism - I've done a bit of smuggling, yes I've ran my share of grass, I've made enough money to buy Miami but I pissed it away so fast..It's never meant to last.
Grave Of The Fireflies.
I hope she whipped the hell out of you, and took away your Bazooka Joe bubblegum.
Looks like the truck from The Last Of Us that Joel and Ellie got from Bill.
You need a license to drive a car, hell you even need a license to catch fish, but any asshole can be a parent. - Parenthood
Who was the guy? Higgins?
Yeah, and......
Can you ever over water them?
At least they don't have to ride on the handlebars.
Same hear! Edit: Dammit!
36" Bolt Cutters. The thieves key for padlocks.
He's On Fire! Boom Shaka Laka!
I think the ribbon is the tongue and the plate is hissing sssssnek.
This is what more cities need. Positive enforcement will always bring positive results better than just locking someone up and belittling a person that is already at the lowest of their low and then throwing them back out on the street. I commend this man. He should also go speak at schools and let kids know what service they provide and encourage the children to be more supportive of their fellow human beings.
The reason I like Reinhardt so much is because I like to go ham with him. I love killing other tanks and especially Bastion. He is an easy kill with Reinhardt.
Yeah, I wish they would have focused a little more on Medivh's (The Guardian) backstory. Also, I found it weird that Khadgar was not his assistant /pupil in the movie like he was in the lore. Out of all the characters, Medivh felt the most rushed. I liked the movie though
Well, I don't want Fop, goddamn it! I'm a Dapper Dan man!
That still wouldn't help Hyundai.
It makes me so mad to see cops do this to a Black.
I want to go there.
The girl sitting on his shoulders is turned the wrong way.
Take your point you sick bastard.
The guy looks like he may have been smoking some Sweet Leaf when he threw the bottle , maybe even been a little Paranoid. He was quoted as saying The Mob Rules! Some witnesses said he looked angry enough to Kick A Hole In The Sky when the bartender changed the music. Friends that know him said he has been going through Changes and that this is The End Of The Beginning of his antics
Step 6: Get rid of Satan's creation...Buffering
Because Networks, ratings, bullshit and loss of humanity! I hate how human kind has degraded itself!
DO NOT FORGET ON BILL CLINTON'S WATCH! This fucking disgusted me!
Exactly! I seen one at the Tampa Bay Zoo 2 weeks ago and was thinking "Damn! What a prehistoric looking bastard!"
Awesome pic! Congrats grad! May the sun always shine on your face and the winds be at your back!
Not going to lie. I see a book that I want at B&amp;N, then I pull out my phone and buy it 10 bucks cheaper off of Amazon.
It's easier to put on slippers than to carpet the world.- [Stuart Smalley](http://www.ew.com/sites/default/files/i/imgs/100518//Stuart-Saved_400.jpg)
Wrong! It should have been rainbow colored
That is not Ridge Racer, Ridge Racer never dipped into rally racing. Sounds like Gran Turismo 2. Most rally tracks in GT2 were uphill.
Ehhhhh. All the author had to say was TL;DR greedy woman went back to hell. No sense into going Brother's Grimm on us.
F'ing console players! This shit has been discussed over and over and over and over in all Blizzard games... So yeah, that's just how the shit goes down.
Hence the name Death Valley.
This made me think of Andrew Bagby's story and his son Zachary. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murder_of_Zachary_Turner The story is so sad, and the documentary Dear Zachary is even sadder. If you watch the documentary, have a box of tissues close by, because it will rip your heart out and bring out the feels.
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jun/17/rio-de-janeiro-financial-emergency-olympic-games-2016
Cousins.
You guys are so cheesy.
Why don't they just slaughter them, feed them to the other cows and start a new kind of milk..Mad Cow Milk
Man, at my house we go through a gallon of milk in two days. I don't even look at the expiration date anymore.
When it is mimicking the mustang at the 54 second mark, the back driver side wheel looks really weird bending in.
I have the same ones.
Stay between the mustard and mayonnaise.
My wife is from California and I am from Tennessee. When she moved here and seen me open a door for an elderly woman going into a store and I started talking to her and asking her how her day was my wife looked at me like WTF. I told her that in the south, that is just a thing southerners do, that's how we roll, especially for the elderly. We are taught from a very early age to respect the elderly. I told my wife some the most interesting conversations I have had was with older people that I did not even know, just did something for them like carrying their groceries to their car or opening a door for them and started a conversation. About a month after we had been married she came home and said. "People are so nice here, it is so much different than the cold shoulder people give you in Cali. Everyone seems more laid back and in less of a hurry."
I work third shift and about a month ago I went to bed after a hard night of work. About two hours later I was abruptly woken up by a wasper repeatedly stinging my big toe on my left foot. It made me think that no matter the crazy shit that happens in your life, and when you think nothing crazier can happen, you get woke up by a wasper stinging your big toe.
WAHOO! I have a New Year buddy!...Sorry that I got drunk without you last night buddy.
During a 2001 clash with the Cowboys, Hopoate, in an attempt to unsettle several of his opponents, inserted his finger in three players' anuses....It, however, had the reverse affect.
The ole Edgar Alan Poe Hook.
I use my phone for my Roku.
Debo just got knocked the fuck out on his beach cruiser
Sa Da Tay!
Would have been better if the Benny Hill theme song was playing.
Awesome. But it looks like you are running at 15fps
I actually got real damn good at that game.
NBC needs to bring back Gold Case.
DANGER ZONE!
Stares Uh...Things you walk up Nope, the other one Daaaaamn!
https://youtu.be/hcsfrOGOP6o
It would have been awesome if they could have gotten Sweet Dee for the part.
Sometimes that shark, he looks right into ya, right into your eyes. Y’know, the thing about a shark, he’s got lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll’s eyes. When he comes after ya, he doesn’t seem to be livin’ until he bites ya, and those black eyes roll over white, and then you hear that terrible high-pitch screamin’, the ocean turns red, and in spite of all the poundin’ and the hollerin’, they all come in and rip ya inflatable boat to pieces…
This is a little off topic but I don't get this. Decapitations, stabbings, people being burned alive. It all just becomes to be more of a regular everyday thing because it is in shows and the news more regularly. But see a guy bopping a woman then a panic attack ensues. Something that humans Have To Do is demonized while death and violence is glorified. I mean I get the shock value of seeing something you were never told about as a kid. I just think it is weird that a t.v. show can show someone getting their head cut off or their head getting beat with a ball bat, but show a little nip from a woman and all hell breaks loose. Why is sex so taboo, but murder is more forefront? Could this be why humans are much more violent on a global scale? Are we that desensitized as a culture?.....backward ethics at play.
Ah, the good old metal slide. Also, metal monkey bars with a cement foundation....WCGW??
Doctors will be as well http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/ibms-watson-cracks-medical-mystery-life-saving-diagnosis-patient-who-baffled-doctors-1574963 Also, surgeons http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/12/health/robot-surgeon-bowel-operation/
Have you ever heard of a man named Rudy Kurniawan? He auctioned cheap wine that he would transfer into replica labeled bottles of expensive wines and made millions. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudy_Kurniawan
You will now be paired up with Margaret. https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/7f/08/77/7f0877a69c816b07dcc30073443a4cd8.jpg
Going against Roadhogs ult is the best way to get her achieve for damage absorbed.
Or the good ole Mei/D. Va ult
That really pissed me off about him. I automatically thought about what George Melies was told when he became obsessed with making movies and truly seen the artistry of them. "Oh George, movies will never be art. " When I beat The Last Of Us, I thought about what Ebert said and remember thinking...This game would have changed his mind.
Damn you Donaghy
With it being a Razer product, I would price it between 6000 to 8000 dollars. Razer makes the most overpriced cheaply made shit ever!
Raleigh, NC is mostly hills, so yeah, snow and ice sucks, especially when they do not get it much. I went to a concert at the Orange Peel, in Asheville, NC back on my 40th birthday (Jan 2nd 2014...Seen Crobot, The Sword and Clutch...Awesome fucking show!) Came back out it was 20 degrees colder and snowing. They handled the snow great there (Way More Mountainous) and I only saw one car off the road. Hills/Mountains + Ice = SUCKS Give them a break, They have great weather yearly, and are looking forward to more global warming temps, with less intrusive action...GO G.O.P.!
Damn it Ricky!
I am a middle aged man WITH a chainsaw......And I fucking loves it!
Also, for some reason, people from Illinois come in by the truckloads on the weekend.
But you didn't help at all!
I say ole chap, you would not have any dog biscuits lying about would you...
If right near you mean 8 miles away, then yes, yes it is.
Child labor laws is what is destroying this country - Ron Swanson
The internet is the greatest invention in my lifetime. You literally have the world of information at your fingertips....and people are still to lazy to google....
Spam and Pineapple?
The Mako Shark is the fastest shark in the ocean From Wikipedia: The shortfin mako shark is the fastest species of shark.[9] Its speed has been recorded at 40 km/h (25 mph) with bursts of up to 74 km/h (46 mph).[20] This speed aids in leaping, with heights of approximately 9 m (30 ft) having been recorded. These characteristics have made the shortfin mako a highly sought-after game fish worldwide. Some cases of shortfin mako jumping into a boat after having been hooked have been reported.
RUUUUUUN!
FIX THIS IMMEDIATELY! IT COMPLETELY RENDERS THE GAME UNPLAYABLE! Yelling so the developers will hear.
I did not like Samurai Jack...Just saying....And I LOVE cartoons!
Hey jagweed, abortions are not federally funded. http://www.factcheck.org/2010/04/the-abortion-issue/ God forbid we have a social program that BENEFITS people. People that blindly follow what they are told by a politician, or a biased news agency, are the reason this country is going to hell in a handbag. Read a fucking book, question what you are told instead of fucking blindly following your Fox News Pariah's.
This piece is so beautiful, that they had to put it on paper cups. https://cdn.thisiswhyimbroke.com/images/90s-paper-cups-640x533.jpg
I like how it comes back for more.
Like a boss!
He has to be dead.
Freon burns when it contacts skin. Even for just a short time. https://youtu.be/J5TT5xBqWYM
Chicxulub is 100 miles in diameter and roughly 12 miles deep. It was created by a 6 mile wide meteorite traveling at over 40,000 mph. Scientists have said that if something was standing 500 miles away from the impact, the shockwave would have shoved their legs up into their body.
Someone died at Yellowstone recently from a hot spring. His body disintegrated rather quickly as well. Officials were unable to retrieve Colin's body on June 7, so they returned the following morning, but the body was no longer visible, according to the report. Here is the article. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2016/11/17/report-ore-man-who-died-yellowstone-hot-spring-trying-hot-pot/94015314/
Just get, and hack, a firestick.
As a fan of Edgar Alan Poe, that wall tells me that there is a dead body hidden behind it.
I have never flew American Airlines, and now I have, even more of a reason, not too...FUCK YOU AA!
This shit sucks!
That poor girl......psych! That Shit was hilarious.
One day son, my terrible shooting will get me killed. Then you will have to take over, and your terrible shooting will then get you killed, and then your son will take over......You see where I am going with this?
This is pretty much every "Exclusive" Xbox One game ever.
I am 43 and at 22 I was like "I am going to go out there and set the world on fire!" now I am more like "I want to go out there and set the world on fire....Fuck this!"
How quickly can an impeachment process begin?
Cue the Benny Hill music.
Those Skateboards...HE HATES THOSE SKATEBOARDS!
Of course the cat Ninja pushed the dog....Big pussy
Judo Throw!
Not going to lie. I have never even heard of Malta, until now.
I am in this situation now... : /
From the article: Maybe it was always a gimmick. Ask yourself: Have 3D effects ever really impressed you or affected your viewing experience? Gravity and Imax Space Station impressed the hell out of me.
You must be talking about the Espionage Act.....from 1917
It' s okay if Bannon is registered to vote in two different states. He seems alwhite......I mean, alright.
Biker's fault. You can see the light is red.
"The pickup truck driver was ticketed for failure to reduce speed on a curve and failure to keep right on a highway, he said." Really....Fucking Really!
[http://i.imgur.com/pYubQ4D.gif](http://i.imgur.com/pYubQ4D.gif)
America's Next Top Model Judge#1: You know what her arm is missing? America's Next Top Model Judge#2: SEQUINS!!!
That reflection of Pronger.....Priceless!
I have a SS card, and live in our SS....Does that make me an exclusive member?
Not a Safe App
"Netflix and Amazon are spending more money and buying more films than any other studio at Sundance this year" So they can continue to produce original content that gets overlooked by the Oscar committee? Say what you want about Leonardo Dicaprio's Oscar win, but I think Abraham Attah should have won Best Lead Role for Netflix's original movie Beasts Of No Nation. That was one of the most moving performances I had seen in years. I was brought to tears a couple of times. Abraham Attah and Idris Alba were amazing in that movie, and it did not even get a nod from the Oscar Committee....Shameful.
Those PS3 models are so damn loud! They sound like a 747 taking off from JFK.
It looks like a rabbit that has evolved in a post nuclear world.
Those are two dollar bills.
Mike can hit 6 octaves https://www.google.com/amp/consequenceofsound.net/2014/05/turns-out-mike-patton-and-not-axl-rose-is-the-greatest-singer-of-all-time/amp/
Mike Patton is my all time favorite vocalist because of his range. To be able to go from a song like Surprise! You're Dead and then to a cover of The Commodores Easy....Come on. Freaking amazing! I saw Faith No More in Atlanta in 2015 and Mike was a beast! He still sounds fucking awesome live!
But the Enquirer is Okay?.....You need to get more real Onion!
Came here to say this...You beat me to it.
Pussy Killer
[Here you go](http://c8.alamy.com/comp/CB0JB5/dec-7-1999-hollywood-california-us-k10746lrkathy-griffin-andy-dickbillboard-CB0JB5.jpg)
So that's a bird's way of flipping the bird.
Hey neighbor, got any sugar? Sure (Hands it out window)
When I see these types of videos I always think "Why couldn't it have hit him much harder"
I love how that pretty little smile never changed. She is a little warrior. This made my whole day.
And they're off ladies and gentlemen. Florida takes the lead, but Alabama is close behind! As they go into the first turn Alabama closes the gap! Alabama is gaining! And as they cross the finish line it is Florida by a nose!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ7oht6TD9c
Scientists that publish these reports need to get together, start a go fund me page that will enable themselves to make a PSA/commercial explaining what the Paris Climate Agreement is and what it wants countries to do and plaster it all over websites and between prime time tv programs. I would gladly donate. It is a shame that it needs to be done at all, but I live in a red state and it bogles my mind at the number of people that do no believe in climate change. Even my neighbor that was mowing his yard in January......yeah, fucking January said it is just cycles, even after telling me he has never, in his 72 years, seen it this warm in January.
I think it is hilarious that other countries are PASSING Trump and are working with business leaders and state governor's It just goes to show that NO ONE takes this fucking clown seriously.
Me and my wife were in a Target when one struck nearby. People actually went to the floor. It struck so hard that it triggered all of the car alarms in the parking lot.
I have a problem with not being a very good friend. I will do anything for any of my friends if they needed me, but I just never stay in touch or make any effort in contacting them. I really only have one person that I consider a true friend, but I never contact him. I feel that between work, my wife and son, and my hobbies, that I have very little time for anything else. Also, I have always been kind of a loner. I have always been able to make friends fast, I am not trying to brag, but new people I meet tend to like me straight away. I just prefer to be by myself. My wife even says that I am a terrible friend because when I do get invited somewhere by a friend, I decline about every time. It shocks her when I tell her that I am going out with friends.
I am the Walrus.
We are all children of this Earth, and the waters of it are our bathtubs.
Call it Inhaler...Stop the Weezer from wheezing.
Titan team actually had 4 years from the time that they KNEW Titan got canceled, not when it was anounced, to come up with something new. Yes, Titan was a MMO akin to how Destiny is now (Activision/Blizzard) And like I said A LOT of ideas from Titan carried over to Overwatch. This is what Titan was suppose to be. http://kotaku.com/heres-what-blizzards-titan-actually-was-1638632121 And here is what Jeff Kaplan said about the trace line from Titan to Overwatch http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2017-03-14-blizzards-jeff-kaplan-traces-line-from-project-titan-to-overwatch Both are interesting reads. I followed both projects very closely, as I am a huge Blizzard fan and have been PC gaming since 95. (I still play WOW...Kriandis is my mains name...Sargeras server....https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/character/sargeras/kriandis
Double XP
Ronald McDonald seems happy.
Under sixty? WTF?
A lot of stupid happening here.
I can't believe someone has not said "Jumping The Shark" that was the biggest sign that I had ever seen that a show was just hanging by a thread and was running out of ideas. It is still an expression used today when you can tell that a show is running out of gas. https://youtu.be/WvGopsM1G9g https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jumping_the_shark
I told you Randy. Karma would get em.
Exactly. If Saudia Arabia did not have the strangle hold on petroleum like they have, no politician would give two shits about that country. I will be more than happy when electric cars and renewable energy kicks SA in the nuts. I hate everything that country stands for.
Perpetual war for perpetual peace. -Gore Vidal (Good read btw)
This, a thousand times over. I have always thought that philosophy should be a required course in middle school and up. There are lyrics in a Ben Harper song called People Lead that goes. "you can lead a horse to the water but you cannot make him drink you can put a man through school but you cannot make him think ." I feel that philosophy would ignite the fire for learning in a lot of children that would other wise not care.
Democrats PUSH HARD! Clinton got an impeachment against him for lying about getting his dick sucked. Trump committed FUCKING TREASON!!!! Bury that motherfucker!
Please enlighten me...Why is it we allow them to cause such destruction in the Middle East and our homeland, if not for Oil...? SA controls the price of oil over the entire world, by how much, or how little, they produce. So please, enlighten me as to why we bow down to them. The U.S. has never started, or entered a war, for moral purposes. It has always been about financial benefit. You need to read up on history, and world economic finance homie.
For lying about getting his dick sucked.....
The interviewer is annoying as hell.
There is many, but Kingpin and Simon and Garfunkels Sound Of Silence after Roy has sex with his landlord. (Roy throwing up in toilet) Landlord: Ah, come on you. It wasn't that bad. What is about good sex that makes me have to crap? You really jarred something loose Tiger.
http://img.usmagazine.com/social/michael-phelps-7ede7aa9-f304-4db8-8d1c-9ce044493e53.jpg
I just want them to pick up My Name Is Earl so he can finish up his list, and bring closure that cliffhanger ending.
No, by all means.....reach around
And The Crowd Goes RTJ!
I suspect that his tombstone will be Batman related.....
I use to play the hell out of Nagano Winter Olympics game for the N64
What's that doing here?
Wow, there is a story underneath that story An investigation revealed that Bias was 21 credits short of the graduation requirement despite having attended the university for four full years; in his final semester he had earned no academic credits at all, failing three courses and withdrawing from two others.[19]On August 26, 1986, State's Attorney Arthur A. Marshall Jr. stated that in the hours after Bias's death, Maryland head basketball coach Lefty Driesell told players to remove drugs from Bias's dorm room. Two days later, Bias's father, James, accused the University of Maryland, and Driesell specifically, of neglecting the academic status of its athletes.[17] The National Collegiate Athletic Association subsequently began its investigation into the affair that fall. The controversy prompted athletic director Dick Dull to resign October 7, 1986, with Driesell following suit October 29, after serving as the Terrapins' coach for 17 years. Crazy..
He was a smooth criminal.
Avi: I don't like leaving my own country Doug, and I especially don't like leaving it for anything less than warm, sandy beaches, and cocktails with little straw hats. Doug the Head: We've got sandy beaches... Avi: So, who the fuck wants to see 'em?
A lot of steak will eventually stop the heart....
I had never heard of it either. I just remember the measle outbreak that started at Disneyland, and the gator attack in Orlando that killed a little boy. Here is a list of incidents, If anyone is interested. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incidents_at_Disneyland_Resort
Odie looks like he is thinking I would chase you, but I am just to old to be doing that crap.
Donald Trump has told Theresa May in a phone call he does not want to go ahead with a state visit to Britain until the British public supports him coming. Well, then he is never going to Britain.
Damn it! Take my upvote. I always up vote any content with goats.
Well at least Rattlesnakes send out cautions. Just listen for the rattle.
I would watch the hell out of that! They could have a big Canadian flag on their car and boat and jump stuff while they run from 2 dim witted mounties.
The General Canuck.
Average Netflix Subscriber is a good way of putting it.
I do not understand how police can keep records/video private to the public that pays their salaries. I can't even understand it if there is an ongoing investigation because they always show public videos of ongoing investigations on media/internet.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts. - Bertrand Russell This is also known as the Dunning- Kruger Effect. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect
Could this be because of Dennis Rodman? He is either there now, or is suppose to be sometime today.
Where is Trump and all of his other "Billionaire Buddies" that like to brag about how much money they have? Oh Yeah, They are greedy as fuck! And it shows by the laws they pass upon the people of the great U.S. Of A
Korn did it.
Rand Paul tweeted back in this same month last year that. @Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical! https://mobile.twitter.com/RandPaul/status/746022114042478592?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&amp;ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dailykos.com%2Fstory%2F2017%2F6%2F14%2F1671766%2F-Rand-Paul-Tweet-Re-Using-Guns-To-Shoot-At-Government-When-It-Becomes-Tryrannical I bet he is regretting that tweet.
TIL the universal sign for a stalled F1 car.
He is a senator for one, and two, this is not the type of "principled" rhetoric that I expect from an elected official. Negative words result in negative actions.
Jesus Christ. Do I believe his tweet led to this result? Of course not. It is just a coincedence I am stating that if someone spews hateful rhetoric all the time they are going to create a hateful circle. Words are mightier than the sword. One can have positive impact with their words, or a negative one. I am just tired of our represenatives being more negative than positive.
This. I started out on drums, which made learning bass easier, which in turn made learning guitar easier.
It's because he had been doing standup since he was 14.
I have been to Destin Brewery and it was good. Here is a list though. Be safe, and have fun. https://www.hendersonparkinn.com/breweries-in-destin-fl-and-the-emerald-coast/
Thick towels. Fluffy thick towels. It feels great drying off with a cloud. It is something you do everyday, so splurge.
If you you ever find yourself in Tampa you have to visit Cigar City. They also have a brewpub. The brewpub has more of their higher abv beers on tap there. Both were awesome to visit.
A Care Bear would cover that up nicely.
I don't know if you are going through Athens, Ga, but Terrapin and Creature Comforts is there. If you go through Atlanta you can hit up Sweetwater, Red Brick, and Orpheus. I have visited all of these breweries.
It is not only emotional harm. Some of the parents have gotten death threats from Jones listeners. One even had to move. Jones defames a parent every time he mentions Sandy Hook.
Dime had a portrait of Ace Frehley tattooed on him, and later got Ace Frehley's autograph tattooed on him below the picture.
If you do plan a Georgia trip in the future, you have to try Burnt Hickory in Kennesaw GA. They are one of my all time favorite breweries. PM me if you plan it, I wouldn't mind hitting some breweries again, and I would not mind meeting a fellow craft beer drinker. I live right on the Tennessee/Georgia state line, so I get to enjoy rare beers from both states. Again, have fun
That is the only way to finish Walnut. IMO Walnut is the most beautiful wood in the world, and I have a lot on my parents 400 acres. I plan on clearing them soon, and getting them ready to be worked with.
This. I do not get why diamonds are suppose to be a Engagement/Wedding Ring anyway..Tradition?...Pshhh. My wife and I got custom rings. They are way more unique, and more tailored to our wants.
This. I do not get why diamonds are suppose to be a Engagement/Wedding Ring anyway..Tradition?...Pshhh. My wife and I got custom rings. They are way more unique, and more tailored to our wants.
This. I do not get why diamonds are suppose to be a Engagement/Wedding Ring anyway..Tradition?...Pshhh. My wife and I got custom rings. They are way more unique, and more tailored to our wants.
From what I am told, I can't say for sure, but he has called the parents liars that faked their children's death...maybe someone can confirm or deny this
So she is just stating what every music lover already knows.
It looks infected...
Camus, you just saved yourself from a dinner plate.
I said this a lot on reddit, and it still boggles my mind. Clinton got Impeached for lying about getting his dick sucked, republicans were all over him. Trump is lying and covering up the fact that he basically committed treason...FUCKING TREASON, and everyone is just shrugging it off.
https://youtu.be/wQ6qh0z48Uk
Have some pepper with that salt. PSSSSSSST
The only way to eradicate homelessness is to eradicate the homeless. Homeless Hunt! Pew Pew Pew.
Now that Anthem has been announced you can see the resources/ time that has been put into both game's. Clearly Bioware wanted to focus more havily on Anthem. Anthem looks like what Andromeda should have looked like.
You fuck with the bull, you get the horns..
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lgq62ushms1qzgu6io1_400.gif
It is truly sad to say, But I educated myself more when I graduated, than what any teacher ever did. Again, it goes back to the stimulation factor. There is a line from a Ben Harper song called When The People Lead. it goes You can lead a horse to water, but you cannot make him drink. You can put a man through school, but you cannot make him think. It wasn't until I stepped outside the constraints that are put upon teachers and their teaching that I started really learning. Reading Aristotle, Master Kong (Confucius), Roman history, and my own countries history...It's true history. Not the history that is glamorized in school history books. This is when the fire for learning truly was lit Teachers are told repetition is what works. Repetition is what destroys. Doing the same thing over and over only kills desire and the eagerness to learn. There is no doubt in my mind that our country is in the shape that it is today because of these factors. Education has to be as exciting and wondrous to children when they are 15 as much as it was to them when they were 5. The mind constantly needs to be challenged. It is like I tell my son Your brain is the most powerful and important muscle in your body. So, you have to take care of it like a muscle. You have to keep it strengthened everyday, otherwise it will become weak. We now have the largest library in the world at our fingertips and it just takes a few seconds of searching to learn something new. Do it everyday.
My ex wife's mother dated a guy that led a group that was contracted by the military to go into areas after the troops had left, and make sure they were safe for civilians. He went into one of Saddam Hussein's palaces. He brought me back a book, a newspaper from his office that Saddam had wrote about the U.S. troop advancement on (Found that out later after translation), and a cigar. So I have smoked one of Saddam's cigars....I thought that was pretty damn cool.
I would say the champagne, and the tiredness from the stress was both a major factor.
A Tennessee native! Hi Neighbor!
Good to know that AT&amp;T can still install something with a quick download speed.
Bastards Of The Motor Way?
Yeah, they started washing their hands in the Ganges River. Safest and less polluted river in the world, and a great cure for polio
Yeah, Target's marketing group is getting out of hand https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-HA0_j52dIHc/VWZeJkpLeGI/AAAAAAAAHJ0/GrzwNpBrIHE/w506-h750/hewas.jpg
Has he even answered a question? I can not find one that he has answered.
This is what Sony employees get for 10 and 25 years of employment. [This is for 10 years](http://imgur.com/gallery/WuFem) [This is for 25 years](http://imgur.com/gallery/5dnca)
Hershey and M&amp;M/Mars are more cut throat with each other Source: Worked at M&amp;M/Mars
Goddamn I love Elephants! I would rather hang with them, or Orca's any day rather than any of my friends. They are my two favorite animals in the world. I wouldn't have to listen to any problems, complaints, or hardships. I would just be enamored and focused in the moment. Just like how life should be. I WOULD BE, that Elephant in the picture.
It is California. They see this shit every other day.
[Did someone say Ice-T?](http://odditymall.com/includes/content/upload/ice-tea-with-ice-cubes-t-shirt-9283.jpg)
Yet she won the popular vote by over 3 million. The electoral college needs to be done away with. Its whole purpose of excistence is to keep inexperienced/tyrants from obtaining the presidency.....yet look what we ended up with.
That was neat. The announcer made it even better.
The United States summed up in one gif.
I do not like the current system either. I find myself browsing less. Your algorithms don't know me Netflix!
I enjoyed it.
Latrine Toilet Mustard
He is talking about that moral barometer one uses to find a shallow, unintelligent woman that you can take advantage of and fuck for one night, then bounce.
Wait! Why wasn't I informed that there is a Kick A Ginger Day
Mime Jerry would have. https://youtu.be/JOWR57K2ga0
Life isn't fair. Being arrested and serving time, for just being gay, is a perfect example of how unfair it can be.
This is a perfect example of why it aggravates me when people say "He pulled through, God must have been on his side" No, the dedicated surgeons, nurses, and anesthesiologists did their job to the fullest capacity, and did it amazingly well because they care about helping, succeeding, and being able to tell the patients family "It was a success" My hats off to the fine men and women that do this on a daily basis. I do not take away from their dedication and deserved recognition. I see it and respect it.
Wouldn't work...I would never stop hitting my horn.
HOLY SHIT! My exact words when I saw this...LOL
NOICE!
When the PS3 first came out they did not sell worth a crap. Wal Mart. Target, Toys R Us, and many other retailers had a hefty supply of them. I am a huge Sony fan and held off, like a lot of people did, because of the initial price point This is what gave Microsoft such a huge foothold in gaming in the last gen. Should I pay 600 bucks for a system, or 300 bucks Sony using their Blu Ray technology was costly, but it ended up winning the Blu Ray/ HD DVD war mainly because it was in the PS3 and people bought it instead of a stand alone player, which was a big win for Sony. Sony had a hard time until the eventual price drop. This is from Wikipedia Although its PlayStation predecessors had been very dominant against the competition and were hugely profitable for Sony, PlayStation 3 had an inauspicious start, and Sony chairman and CEO Sir Howard Stringer initially could not convince investors of a turnaround in its fortunes. The PS3 lacked the unique gameplay of the more affordable Wii which became that generation's most successful console in terms of units sold. Furthermore, PS3 had to compete directly with Xbox 360 which had a market head start, and as a result the platform no longer had exclusive titles that the PS2 enjoyed such as the Grand Theft Auto and Final Fantasy series (regarding cross-platform games, Xbox 360 versions were generally considered superior in 2006, although by 2008 the PS3 versions had reached parity or surpassed),and it took longer than expected for PS3 to enjoy strong sales and close the gap with Xbox 360. Sony also continued to lose money on each PS3 sold through 2010, although the redesigned "slim" PS3 has cut these losses since then.
Every time I have heard him talk on the subject he has always insisted that the federal income tax code be changed. This is a letter he wrote to represenative Tim Huelskamp https://warrenbuffettresource.wordpress.com/2011/10/13/buffett-letter-to-tim-huelskamp-tax-return/ He wanted to raise his taxable income tax, and others in his same tax bracket, from 17% to 30%
I think in this case it is an encroachment penalty, because he definitely crossed the line of scrimmage.
So why should elected officials have free healthcare for life? We are all going to die.
One of my favorite son/dad inteactions from the show. Kevin: What's for dinner Frank: Free fucking food
I think it is funny because my dad use to say "You better eat up now while it's free, because one day you'll have to pay for it."
I once watched a play that just blew my mind. - Abraham Lincoln
But that gush of water not knocking him down is okay....?
https://i.imgflip.com/1spxia.jpg
I read this article. https://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/14/the-5-highest-and-lowest-paying-states-for-teachers-in-the-us.html It shows the 5 highest and lowest states for teacher salaries. If you do plan on moving, I would also suggest to check with the cost of living in the state. Good luck to you and your family. I hope everything works out.
Sometimes it just takes one person that doesn't care that he looks a fool to make others feel the same way. Life's short, who cares what others think. Just have fun.
Or TWA flight 800
OHHH MY BACK, MY NECK!....MY BACK AND MY NECK!
Drifting a little away from the conversation. But I live on the Tennessee/Georgia line. Up until the early 2000's Georgias gas use to be much cheaper than Tennessee's. In fact, so much cheaper, that I would take a trip over the line to get gas in Georgia. Now Tennessee is cheaper and Georgia's gas prices have not went down in price since 2003. The second Gulf War was the supposed excuse for the price spike, but it has never went down since, so I do not see how that could be used as the excuse.
Compared to Tennessee, Georgia has went up.
I pee'd up front, he pee'd in the back. Pee on both sides, and help pick up the slack.
This makes sense. I never really looked into the price spike, so thanks for this.
I love Brittany Spaniels. They are very smart and loyal. Damn good dogs.
Richard Ayoade always cracks me up on that show. His dry, but witty humor cracks me up. One of my all time favorites from Richard has to be the [Don't tell me what to do while I'm sucking cock](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CL7fSYfym4) cracked me up. I have always liked his humor, he was hilarious on The IT Crowd.
Travel Man is awesome. I liked the episode with Noel Fielding.
I think you mean dumb luck. Who the fuck does not look before crossing a railroad track.
You know she liked you, right. If a girl likes you, she will put cheese in your pocket.
My wife. Every.....fucking......time!
Blitz came out in 1997. The Cleveland Browns were not a franchise from 1995 to 1999
Remeber the line from Parenthood "You know, Mrs. buckman, you need a license to buy a dog. You need a license to drive a car. Hell, you even need a license to catch a fish. But they'll let any butt-reaming asshole be a father.
It is why every church tries to get bigger. More people in the pews equals more money in the collection plates.
This really overshadows the national title.
TIL I have something in common with J.R.R. Tolkien
Asian Guy Fawkes. A For Asian
I loved sports when I was young. I was really into baseball, and played from 7 up to 16. After the strike in the early 90's I just lost total interest. If I hadn't then, I think I would have about a decade back anyway. I just do not have the patience for sports any longer. I have better and more important things to do than spend 3 hours watching a slow boring game. Having been on both sides I see the truth in your statement
I will never, ever will get tired of this gif. I have always liked it. I do not even care that it is a repost.
I like how "Do not sit too close to the t.v." was 1997.
Castlevania 64
Translated: I am going to sniff coke from between a strippers ass crack, Then I am going to buy my family a washer and dryer, so they do not have to use the laundry mat and then they can hang out their clothes to dry Then I am going to contribute to my favorite charity....Humanime! FUCK YEAH! U S A
Her statement seems really weird to me.
Gotta love the mission impossible theme being played in the background though. Also, I will feel much better when I drive by an accident now. I now know that I no longer need to help.......A scientologist has got this.
What was it like working with Prince? Also, what do you remember most about producing The Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Amazon also makes their employees leave out of metal detectors after their shift.
You never beat physics.
I love how the DEA is trying to strip state marijuana rights and Denver is like Hey, lets take it up a notch
Democrats, according to Republicans.
At the start of the article it says Mohammad was released from Guantanamo Bay, then a little further down it says The firm, Aero Contractors, was the CIAfront company that operated the Gulfstream business jet that delivered Mohamed to a secret prison in Morocco to be tortured. I did not read anywhere in the article where it said anything about him being transferred to Guantanamo? Morocco is a long way from Cuba.
You say kilobyte I say zottabyte.
They tried it once and only ever recorded the pilot. I for one do not think it will turn out well....There will never be another Morris Moss.
Fuck paying! FREE CARWASH!
Where the fuck do you think you are going. - Death
Remember folks. Jesus saves, but George Nelson withdraws.
[DOLPHINS WILL TAKE OVER THE WORLD!](https://youtu.be/fEC4vPHACnE)
But then the Duckbill Platypus comes along and fucks it up.
[That guy looks suspicious...](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/fd/03/88/fd0388649900581c2d63dba3d14fe1f1.jpg)
[Dave Chappelle came up with it first](https://vimeo.com/183089808)
Kingpin
Danny Cooksey?
But Saudi Arabia has the most, thus dictating the market price. They control OPEC.
I have always said. "People have one goal in life, and that is to find happiness. It is their governments goal to finds ways to fuck that up for them."
r/sometal
Fisticuffs Style!
Michael Bay, one of the worst directors ever + John Cena, one of the worst actors ever.......Makes sense.
A 2016 Subaru WRX STI.
Who the fuck would NOT want a miniature 🐎 You have to name it Little Sebastian.
What a fucking crybaby. Our fearless leader everyone.
As an avid music fan and concert goer..Fuck Ticketmaster. I hope that company burns to the fucking ground. FUCK YOU TICKETMASTER!
Oh, he tried to escape...POW. Fuck that motherfucker!
Fuck You Ed!
I thought it was on February 1st when it happened. (Easy for me to remember because it is my dad's birthday) I read the article, and it was the 1st. So it will be 15 years on February 1st
She even put her stage name. Winn Dixie
Misty Copeland is the principal dancer at the American Ballet Theatre in New York. The Theatre is one of three leading ballerina theatres https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Misty_Copeland She also toured with Prince. That is how I found out about her [Dancing to The Beautiful Ones](https://youtu.be/0Fm70g7EuXA)
Why is she trying to reason with that bear. Everyone knows a bear never listens to reason.
Then you could just feed her to the bear. Bye-bye evidence.
Dumb is still Dumb in any language.
I came here to comment, but I'm smoko, so leave me alone!
Cut it off? And lose the Klingon look?!?!
Which is totally symbolic of Fox News.
Melted??? I think you have an elf cobbler following you around.
STEVE HOLT!
Were words that were not to be used to describe that dive.
[Or have time to ride the Panty Dropper](https://www.sarahssunbeam.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/kenny_powers_mullet-740x493.jpg)
My apologies Greg Louganis.
https://i.imgur.com/1u4VN65.gifv
What is wrong with "Improv?" I will take Gene Wilder, Robin Williams, Richard Pryor, Eddie Murphy, Bill Murray, Will Ferrell, and many more other great comedians/actors that are amazing at improv and are given free reign for a reason on their movies....THEY ARE AMAZING, HILARIOUS, and ON POINT!
My favorite hidden song is Kings Of Leon's Talihina Sky from their first album Youth And Young Manhood.
So they are brushing and then brushing.
I seen an old flour mill that was powered like that.
I thought this was r/jokes when I started reading the title.
Lions and Tigers and a Jaguar, oh my.
They are making a part 2 https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/amp/uk-43922140
The wrong person was president at that time.
Paul Dinello Amy Sedaris And Stephen Colbert have always worked together. They all three met at Second City. Look at the credits on The Colbert Report and Late Night. Paul and Amy have writing credits. Paul is also Supervising Producer for The Late Show. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Dinello I like the late show, but I feel the three of them are at their best when off the leash.
They all met at Second City and have worked together ever since.
Ya wanna get a little stinky on your pinky. I like the hole and the pole Couple of my favorite Jerri Blank lines. Bonus: Goddammit! Compilation https://youtu.be/iV_vjq-KPus
I am here because my father is an alcoholic. One night he came home in a drunken rage. Cussing, throwing things....I have never seen such rage. He nearly burnt the house down......I'm thinking of moving out. - Principal Onyx Blackman
I have. It is awesome. I love this trio, always have.
Remember when Colbert and Carell use to do "Even Stevens" on the Daily Show. That shit was hilarious https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiPxgPkQByQ
So you can ride up and down.
Looking at the OP's history, this has to be a russian troll account.
That reads: Worlds greatest illigitimate father
Scheer shot back by accusing the Liberals of having too soft an approach.. I am a far left leaner, but I agree with the too soft approach. People deserve punishment that left their own country to go to another to help an Insurgency kill people that didn't believe in their idealogue. It wasn't like they were lured there under a false premise they went there knowing what they would be doing. Common Sense shouldn't be a left or right issue.
I totally agree with rehabilitation, and most of the prison population in the U.S. are people convicted of non violent crimes. The people I am talking about signed up to support an ideology that believes in killing those that do not support their views. I'm talking about basic common-sense. What that means is if you want to run red lights all the time there's a 99% chance you're going to get hit and 1% chance you will not get hit. So you do it you obey the law it's a simple law run a red light get hit or don't run it and do not get hit, but it is also basic common sense. Another simple law is do not kill. That is a ethical, moral, and man-made law that should not have to be enforced like running a red light because it's basic common sense. I will guarantee you you have seen a video of someone run a red light and get hit, and I guarantee you, you thought he got what he deserved
My Wife
Someone bought a broom online???
And Nintendo is filing a cease and desist in 3 2 1
And I'm loving it
"She declined to comment for this story, saying her teaching contract bars her from speaking with reporters." WTF, she is a journalism teacher. What fucking irony.
I live 10 minutes from the CBC.
My hijab was covering my eyes.....yeah, right lady. Save it for the executioner.
Then you realize she is cycling way to slow for you to care.
We live in a world where a simple google search is at our fingertips.....Use It!
The moment you realize that and the thought process kicks in. I imagine it would feel like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56jekYL2h7k
I think they did give him a medal.....3 Years ago, when this was first posted.
Top Picture: It seems to look good Bottom Picture: Then you realize it is not, and it tastes like chef boyardee.
You should have told him that you want to file a police report. The Police documents what happens. Now it's just your word against his. He can say that you hit him. I had a girl hit my parked car in my subdivision. It really did nothing to mine, but it messed hers up. I filed a police report and told the officer and her I would not be filing with my insurance and that I just wanted a record of what happened.
I think Germany brought it up because they are basically letting the U.S. know Either pull him out, or we will throw him out. Honestly, if Germany kicks him out, it will make Merkel look strong willed. Foreign countries hate Trump, so it will make Merkel look tough against a president that tries to bully his way in and out of situations.
Vote in the midterms. We have to steer this ship away from the iceberg that it is bound to hit.
The bottle is acting like a magnifying glass and is amplifying the sun's rays and catching the stick on fire.
Paul Walker would still be alive if he lived by his last name.
U.S. Manufacturing won the war. America's manufacturers in World War II were engaged in the greatest military industrial effort in history. Aircraft companies went from building a handful of planes at a time to building them by the thousands on assembly lines. Aircraft manufacturing went from a distant 41st place among American industries to first place in less than five years. In 1939, total aircraft production for the US military was less than 3,000 planes. By the end of the war, America produced 300,000 planes. No war was more industrialized than World War II. It was a war won as much by machine shops as by machine guns. If the U.S. never got involved there would have never been the relentless bombing on Germany that slowed, and eventually stopped, their manufacturing. England was too bombed out to build and contribute to the war effort, and so was Russia. The U.S. was to far away for anyone to keep up a constant bombardment on U.S. shores, so they were able to build toward the war effort continuously and uninhibeted. For every B-17 that Germany happened to shoot down, three were already built to take it's place.
But so did this **Ivanka Trump, who now works in her father’s administration, did not respond to questions sent to her personal email, chief of staff, and the White House. A spokesperson for her attorney wrote that Ivanka Trump did not know about the Trump Moscow project “until after a nonbinding letter of intent had been signed, never talked to anyone outside the Organization about the proposal, and, even internally, was only minimally involved. Her only role was limited to reminding Mr. Cohen that, should an actual deal come to fruition (which it did not) the project, like any other with the Trump name, conform with the highest design and architectural standards.” But emails and interviews suggest that her involvement ran deeper.** In November 2015, Ivanka Trump told Cohen to speak with Klokov, according to the four sources. Cohen had at least one phone conversation with the weightlifter, they said. It is not known what the men discussed over the phone, but they exchanged a string of emails that are now being examined by congressional investigators and federal agents probing Russia’s election meddling. In one of those emails, Klokov told Cohen that he could arrange a meeting between Donald Trump and Putin to help pave the way for the tower. Later, Cohen sent an email refusing that offer and saying that the Trump Organization already had an agreement in place. **Cohen said he was cutting off future communication with Klokov. Copying Ivanka Trump, the Russian responded in a final brusque message, in which he questioned Cohen’s authority to make decisions for the Trump Organization. Frustrated by the exchange, Ivanka Trump questioned Cohen’s refusal to continue communicating with Klokov, according to one of the sources.** another important part here **BuzzFeed News was shown the emails on the condition we do not quote them.**
GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS GUNS
GET UP YOU SON OF A BITCH! MICKEY LOVES YA!
What's sad is this kind of shit was taught during the Cold War, but it was never such a physical threat that it had to be acted upon, unlike a school shooting now, that actually has to be acted upon.
The more you have to bow to your fears, the more submitted you become. When you let a fox into the hen house, what the fuck do you think is going to happen!
M A G A
The internet is the most useful invention in my lifetime. You literally have a cyber library in your home, with instructional text and videos. If you can't use it to learn, and instead use it to gripe. That is your problem. Everything he mentioned is at your fingertips to google and learn about, instead you want to use that time to piss and moan.
TIL more than 50% of marriages last forever.
I fired the sheriff, but I did not fire the deputy.....sherrif.
So the Diva 1/2 Cup
They're giving you 13 reasons why you should watch 13 Reasons Why
I have four of these. They're very practical and serve their purpose very well. In case anyone doesn't know. Pringles are made from a bunch of little potato flakes pressed together to form a chip as opposed to regular potato chip that is of course just a thin slice of a potato. That is why Pringles break apart easier.
Vegetarian shoes have been around forever they're called Birkenstocks. You see someone wearing Birkenstocks there's a 99.9% chance that they are vegetarians.
I had a chocolate smoked bacon gelato once, and it was amazing!
I think you can only get these at Cracker Barrel right? That is the only place I've ever seen him at.
Customer: I have a mint original 1974 Incredible Hulk #181. I would like to sell it. Gamestop: Wow! Okay! Let me look up what we can pay for it...... $235 Customer: $235 bucks! That's All! Gamestop: No sir, 2 dollars and 35 cents.
Well you can derelict my balls, el capi tan. That line always cracks me up.
I cracked the code The Russian United Majority Party
Thom Jerke
I cracked the code earlier The Russia United Majority Party
Greg Pikitis
Then Allah said unto him, Tis better to put thine cap over thine eyes now, than to put it over thines raging boner later.
Especially when you consider that Elvis molded his sound after Otis Blackwell's. To the point of singing like him. Otis Blackwell wrote most of Elvis' big hits [Don't Be Cruel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buiZrZOSR_A) [Fever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3SU_z8Fiwg) [All Shook Up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yU9HvqRekpw) He also wrote Jerry Lee Lewis' biggest hit ever [Great Balls Of Fire](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDV7KOOTwNk) This was one of the four outtakes Otis Blackwell : On Christmas Eve in '55, I was standing outside the Brill Building with no hat and holes in my shoes. It was snowin'. Leroy Kirkland, the arranger who worked with Screamin' Jay Hawkins, asked if I had any songs. I said, 'Yeah, I'm trying to get some Christmas money'. He took me to Shalimar Music where I met Goldie Goldmark, Al Stanton and Moe Gayle. So I said OK. Al Stanton was a friend of another fellow named Paul Cates, who was with the Elvis Presley people. He got my songs through'.I was working for Shalimar, and Elvis was with Hill &amp; Range. So they got together to co-publish. I played seven songs for them-one of the songs was 'Don't Be Cruel'. They bought it and showed it to the Elvis company. They asked me could I write some more stuff. So I made a couple of demos. I made the demos to 'Don't Be Cruel', 'Paralyzed' and 'All Shook Up'. When Elvis recorded these songs, he was copying the vocal style on the demos. And when they heard that, they asked me would I make other demos for writers as well. 'After 'Don't Be Cruel', Shalimar said I had a chance to get Presley again, so I wrote 'All Shook Up'. Al Stanton walked in one day with a bottle of Pepsi, shaking it, as they did at the time, and said, 'Otis, I've got an idea. Why don't you write a song called 'All Shook Up?' Two days later I brought the song in and said, 'Look, man, I did something with it'. After that song, the agreement about sharing songwriting credit was washed. We had both proved how good we were and had a good thing between the two of us. 'I was surprised when I heard 'Don't Be Cruel' because it was just like I had done the demo. I used to sing all my own demos, and it just so happened that a lot of what Presley and Jerry Lee did sounded alike. I thought they did justice to the songs. They put the kind of feeling into it that I felt'. (Otis Blackwell interview excerpts o Jan-Erik Kjeseth) **Ottis Blackwell is one of the greatest musical artists and music writers that few have ever heard of. When I talk about the roots of Rock And Roll I compare Elvis to the roots at the bottom of the tree that you can see, The real roots, go much further underneath.**
Tell your boobs to quit sexually assaulting my eyes!
He is called the anchor, but for a different reason.
That is the reason I still have a corded 360 controller for my P.C. On first time use, just plug it in, and windows automatically detects and downloads driver. Easy Peasy
"I hope Crosby walks on Legos with bare feet in the dark." If that isn't hate, I don't know what is.
You had the perfect skin equipped for that too.
He got dizzy from going in circles
As I looked down upon him as he got closer to the edge of Victoria falls, I thought. Could this be the end? I know, and he knows, that I could end it. But that is the ever lasting loop, isn't it? He dies, then I die, then he dies, and I die. It just keeps going. It will never truly end until one of us kills the other in the “correct way”...Then it will all reset. If not, then the other goes down to earth to walk and live life and be observed until the other thinks it is the correct time for the other to die. We can not die of natural causes. We die from the push that the other gives when they think it is our time to die. We have been doomed to repeat this loop in a most peculiar way. The last man, and the second to last man, must continue to kill each other until the other is killed in the correct manner. We both know which manner that is for ourselves, but we have to trick the other into thinking what the manner actually is. We can not talk, sign, or reveal, in any way, the manner in how we know we die. It is more a game of chance and luck on both of our parts, than anything else. I know he wants me to kill him and end it, just as much as I want him to kill me. I can see it in his eyes. He is tired, and wants it to end. He cries for it to end, and I am sure he can see it in me. The pain and anguish of just wanting the end to come, and for everything to reset. I know we are both tired of this endless cycle of continuous pain, but I can not talk to him, nor have contact with him, for the sake of one of us accidentally finding out about the actual end of the others demise. I can only ever have contact with him on that “Push” that either restarts the cycle, or continues the loop. I have walked this earth for 125,00 years, on and off, and the other man I speak of has walked it for 75,000 years, on and off as well. As you can tell by the years, he was less likely to push than I was. I can only hope that the next push I give will be the push that will destroy the milky way galaxy and finally let me be free to move to the next galaxy to pick the second to last man to take my place, so that I may finally rest.
I here what you are saying hear. Lets have a toast!
WAHOO!
You must have not watched the USC vs Oklahoma national championship game or the Giants vs Ravens superbowl. Both, BORING AS SHIT!
[Smooth Criminal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QqqMV0o9to)
He did do his own health evaluation. His doctor just signed off on it.
What happens if you stop dancing. All in unison We all go away
That spider now has the black lung
As soon as you seen Aztec you should have known better.
What's more disrupting, him showing up late or all those damn camera shutters. Jesus Christ.
This man has done nothing but rape the Earth and taxpayers. HE IS IN THIS GAME FOR HIMSELF ALONE. Yeah, most all of politicians are, but this man is blatantly doing it, ILLEGALLY I MIGHT ADD, for his own fucking gain. When will democrats get a fucking backbone and get rid of these fucking law breakers. We need a checks and balance, and we have not had it for years. I am so sick of constitutional laws being broke and no one giving a fuck about it!
Still, that is perjury. Falsifying documents is a federal offense. Especially medical records. This is what I was referring to. https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2018/05/ethics-of-self-assessment/559427/ Now imagine if you wrote your own health evaluation for a company that requires one, and had a doctor sign off on it. If they hired you, and found out you lied about it afterwards, they have the right to sue you, and rightly so. I still have no idea how this motherfucker has gotten away with so many federal offenses.
You're a fucking monster!
I don't
Sweet Water's Georgia Brown has the phrase "As smooth as a Bill Clinton Apology." on the six pack carrier And I once got a cap from Magic Hat that read "Without Hops, The World Stops." There are, of course, many more out there. But those were a couple of my favorites.
He wasn't hard to deal with on set. This is what actually happened. Series creator Terence Winter, speaking during The Hollywood Reporter's drama showrunner Emmy roundtable, says that he did try his hardest to give Pitt proper notice -- but technology got in the way. "I always knew he would die at Nucky’s hand," Winter says of the series' feuding gangsters. "In plotting Season Two, it became clear that if we were going to tell this story honestly, it was going to happen at the end of the year. He was such a huge character, and we love Michael. It was one of the hardest decisions I’ve ever had to make as a writer." The move was something Pitt had braced for. He asked Winter early in the series if he had plans to kill him off -- something he eventually confirmed after a botched conference call with executive producer Martin Scorsese. Winter says that Pitt, in upstate New York on a fishing trip, kept losing cellular service and falling off the call. After several attempts, the busy Scorsese had to get back to work and told the showrunner they didn't have time to break it to him softly. "Marty was like, 'Let me just e-mail him.'" recalls Winter. "I said: 'We can’t e-mail. We have to have this conversation.' But we couldn’t get him back on the phone. So ultimately, I felt horrible, but I had to send him an e-mail: 'I don’t want you to get the script and read this, but you sort of knew where this was going.' He was totally fine with it."
VW was actually founded by the German Labour Front under Hitler. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen It was actually a "government" founded company.
But the executive producer Terence winter said the rumors were not true. “[It’s] absolutely not true,” he says. “Michael is a total professional. He’s intense, of course, but I don’t think you can do that job without being intense.” Winter said the decision to kill off Jimmy was made “at the beginning of Season 2,” adding, “The idea was to try and push things to their absolute limit, even if it makes it difficult for yourself and your writing team. If you take things to their logical extreme with the situation we created, Jimmy has betrayed Nucky, he tried to have him killed. You want to be honest about the storytelling… Anything short of Nucky [killing Jimmy] wouldn’t feel real, it wouldn’t be real. And it would be a cheat for us to say, ‘We want to keep our beloved character Jimmy Darmody alive.'” For his part, Pitt shrugged off the rumors surrounding his behavior on set. ”I’m confident that I will be judged by my performance,” he told EW.com, “and not by the ‘he said, she said.’” Who knows, but I'll take an executive producers word over a source on 4chan.
Yeah, a Laser Raptor got him
I'm betting the award had nothing to do with academics.
[ I got worms](https://youtu.be/IBrCaVySmDU)
What a nincompoop.
You got it though.
That was badass.
So that's what JK Simmons would look like with hair.
Maybe Christopher Walken himself Walken impersonation "You know....You could've just died."
It's on the strip https://vitalvegas.com/chick-fil-a-is-coming-to-the-las-vegas-strip/
Freeway. I love that damn movie.
Mazda 3's are push start
Gold medal winners will not receive golden showers.
It is also the first documented case of bio chemical warfare.
Can the SEC investigate them? The SEC can investigate nonprofits can't they? They are/was investigating the Global Ministries Foundation.
I got this on a DVD that came with a DVD/Movie magazine that I subscribed to at the time. It also had a short film about the second coming of Jesus and how corporations exploited it to make money off of Jesus. He was sponsored by a shoe company, and other things along those lines. They both cracked me up.
Love, compassion, and caring are the most important values that few ever talk about, especially in news and media Values should spread the airwaves, not dread. If the airwaves got filled with love and compassion instead of fear and worry the world would be a much better place. This whole world has reaped what it has sown.
and it is always with a dry hand.
Honest question from an American. Will Brexit have any ramifications on that type of travel?
Burt Macklen, you son of a bitch.
What's high in the middle and round on both ends? O HI O
No, it is only okay for cops to kill unarmed people that are not breaking the law.
Watch his first movie Shakes The Clown. [One of my favorite scenes](https://youtu.be/JOWR57K2ga0)
