Noooooo that's crazy.
Stephanie Powers FTW.
Is it that good? Might snag it on VoD tonight.
Knew what that was before I clicked it. My jaw dropped when I saw the replay.
Scumbag Steve-ette is kinda cute.
*TWO* disk drives? What sorcery is this!?
Internet fist bump!
Damn that's pretty cool. I wonder if there's a map anywhere that shows what would happen to The Netherlands though if the water levels start rising.
And it was EVERYWHERE. You know what? Fuck Clearchannel and all those companies. I live in NYC, and I can hear the same song playing at the same time on 4 different stations, with about 10 total songs in a rotation that has 30 mins of commercials per hour. And they wonder why no one's buying music. The radio sucks.
I reckon philosophy was just picking up around the same time. Each culture was separated, but still had a large population whch enabled thinkers to emerge.
I'm amazed ships that big can make it that far up the river.
"There's a special place in hell for people who waste good scotch." Damn skippy, Mike.
FWIW, the Apollo 13 example is a whole huge bit of "things broke". And they had to miraculously engineer the bits to keep them alive. So I forgive that trope, given it's real-life inspiration.
The trailer spoiled everything. Both ships blowing up and crashing, when the premise is "one ship exploring" sort of gives up the ghost. Fury Road's trailer didn't show anything past the first half hour. Far better for maintaining some opaqueness.
Texas &gt; Michigan. I'm done with those guys. Can't wait for the Austin trip next year.
We're one of three teams to NEVER have scheduled an FCS team. UMass was a gift to a head coach, and we also have a huge problem scheduling P5 games in November (no one wants to play OOC at that point), which is why we ended up in your league (sort of).
Apparently fact = downvotes or something.
Isn't that why they have malpractice insurance? Obviously the doctor wasn't trying to hurt his father, but you'd think that a mistake like that would warrant a free fix for the patient and no fees charged on top.
Jonah Hill. I just can't.
It's really, really good. Give it a few episodes to take off, but it's worth it.
God that show is hilarious. "You...you said it? You said 'bitch'?"
I was like " yup, that is exactly what you should do right now.."
Easy there Colin Powell.
Can't hate on that user name.
So is she like the CEO of Reddit or something?
Write the formula for permutations and combinations on the inside of your wrist with a pencil. I've been told that helps...
Ooof, Congo. What a phenomenal book that got insanely cocked up in the translation. Laura Linney with a laser rifle though... But yeah, read the book, it's extremely interesting, and goes into way more depth. You'll hate the switch-ups they did for the movie after reading it.
Dat flair, tho. Pouring one out for the brothers left behind?
Fuck Ellaria so hard. God that was awful. Beautifully executed Chekov's gun, though. Slowclap.jpg for that one.
Uh, Myrcella?
You got a whole lot tonight.
What am I looking at here? Is that thing sitting on a jack on that tiny little bracket?
Aren't you guys eventually hooking up the two lines through downtown?
I too would love to find out where to apply. Is DART hiring at the moment? I'd love to work on the D2 project.
In the original Final Fantasy, that one spot on the Southeastern continent where the monsters form the NE continent show up. It's like 4 squares total (1 square = one move of the character width). You could level up like whoa and bang out almost all of the southern side with ease.
Are you sure? I thought it was a WWII episode, the one with the kids with the gas mask, where Jack saves the bomb from going off right as it drops, then Nine and Rose pick him up in space. Was that not the one?
Break the deal, spin the wheel.
My first day in Oz, a japanese guy in his underwear almost drowned me at Bondi, when we were only on the sandbar. Had to shake him off me, then drag him into the beach. Probably should've just put my hand up and let the SLC guys grab him.
If Pitt's football team is suddenly disbanded, then yes.
You could tell Paxton loved every second of that role. Probably because he didn't get killed by an alien life form this time. But he's trying to keep from having a shit eating grin the whole time he's on camera.
Thanks. The hiking does look pretty inviting. I am a huge nerd, so I'll probably check out some BSG filming sites, as well. Should be interesting.
Timing is everything.
Oh god, that Orange bowl booing was epic. I saw it live, only thing I remember about that game. I think Southern Cal stomped OKlahoma, so everyone turned it off pretty quick.
The question I've never seen answered, was it straight or gay porn?
Christopher McDonald, SLC Punk.
Unless it's the Thresher. That's basically my worst nightmare.
In fairness, the walkability situation in Orlando is beyond dreadful. Autopian nightmare.
Fuck that. Merrit/WCP &gt; 91 &gt; Charter Oak Bridge &gt; 84 &gt; 90. 3 hrs Boston to NYC if you do it right. I-95 in Eastern CT is awful.
Does Girard ave run through the former Northern Liberties? Seems like that's close enough in, but just outside Billy Penn's map.
Oh man I remember that game, y'all biffed hard.
Greetings form the other side of the state. MY boss who lives in CT mentioned HSBC was selling all their branches, so I moved to schwab, but they didn't close any of the Manhattan branches that I can tell. Seems to be a suburbs only move. FWIW, I've been to buffalo. As proof, Duff's &gt; Anchor Bar.
As someone born in Macon who's spent the last decade+ in NYC, I will happily sign on to that union.
Man, I'm a hairy fucking white dude, would love to trade for almost no facial hair.
I worry if he's rubbing sticks together...
Well, Jotunheim is up the top re altitude, which negates the warming effects of being on the water like in Lofoten.
The ones I've seen in the store list only around 3grams of sugars. Is that not accurate?
So where'd they drop that new opera house?
I'm pretty much 100% cognizant of this fact and is the one single reason I could stomach voting for Hilary.
Also the dude who played Jenna Fischer's first BF in the Office, as well as one Randall "Pink" Floyd.
Soldier was awesome.
Well, it did, it's just that it sank in a really shallow bit.
Chicago Museum of Science and Industry. They have a full U boat on display to go through.
Cool, thanks.
Yeah, that was a helluva wake up.
Don't see Red Dog.
Yeah. Great movie, I need to see it again.
Am I doing something wrong? What mode is this where you can play against ground troops as a TIE Pilot?
It's only wrong when it's being done TO you.
Ah sounds right then.
Man, I needed this, thanks.
Dat user name...
This. Craftsan tools are solid, you can get yourself kitted out real nice on the cheap at yard sales. Also, things like power tools will be bargains.
Since neither of those exist, I'm pretty sure my point stands.
Where in Rio is this taking place? I visited Ipanema and Copa and some of the side stuff and didn't run into trouble. Wasn't going to go to the Olympics, anyways, though.
One of the greatest sights I've ever seen was the "no selfie sticks!" guy at the Louvre. Some asshole Japanese tourist kept trying to jam his selfie stick into the way, and had to be told repeatedly to stop. Security finally came and took him away. It was great.
Amen, totally worth the hungover drive and impromptu overnight stop in Lisdoonvarna.
It is pretty neat on the inside, especially seeing some of the famous portraits.
New Orleans?
Don't sell Cutco Knives, kids.
Life. Work hard and get ahead, they said. Follow your dreams and live a fulfilling life, they said.
So when will the other shoe drop (Sumlin)
Yeah we learned that shit way bac when. Icarus and Daedalus and the labyrinth and the minotaur and all that.
We were only the "Fighting Irish" with the advent of the 20th century, so yeah, you guys are entitled to add it in.
Sneakernet FTW. It'll be a very, very long time before a better solution is found.
And have a last name of "Castro"
Better idea would be to make the trailer frame contain the cameras, then just drop the boxes on top, with sensors at the load bearing points that give an idea of center of gravity. should be super duper easy given what some Google cars can do. Best place to test would be on docks, wouldn't need to intermix with public vehicles, you'd have a closed environment.
Up? Oil is heading down still. Going to be down for a while with all the glut in production, and the Saudis not turning off their spigot.
I always rationalized it as being the shortest possible distance to travel through the Maw, indicating that he could outrun imperials who would take a longer more circuitous route. But I think that' shuts a fan service ret con.
I Wouldn't put it past them.
Hmmm, I'd like to hear from Chelsea on just how qualified Hillary is as a parent.
As wrong as it was to say, the "3am phone call" thing actually happened with Benghazi, and her appearance in front of congress left a whole lot to be desired when explaining that one.
Yeah, but they had to go there.
Have a mortgage :/
That what it feels like at the moment, despite having a wedding to plan for next year.
What's the deal with that? When your contract is up, you just don't have to show up to work anymore? I mean, I'm pretty sure that's how contracts work, just not sure how it applies to the Navy. What if you're at sea when your time is up? Do you have to wait till the next port?
I love it when people who know how to connect to their wireless router suddenly think they're IT experts.
Ludicrous display last night.
Eh,there's enough paintings of Jesus in the world that look like Thor, at least the redo was a little more brown.
But I thought Indiana Jones said his name started with an I?
Nah, a pirate scimitar.
First time for everything, you know? I've been there. Engaged now though. Thanks EHarmony.
Eh, takes 11 guys to win on the pitch, not 2. Damn if they haven't played well though.
They wouldn't have moved to StL if Frontiere hadn't grandstanded about a stadium.
Is the hood in ATL as bad as a 3rd world country with rampant violence, though? At least the social services here are dependable enough. Water quality usually isn't a huge issue.
Yeah, that was surprisingly good.
Failure leads to success. You have to know how to fail, and learn lessons from failure, in order to put those lessons to use and become successful.
/r/cableporn would have an aneurysm. Org your cables, and it'll be out of the little one's hands, easy peasy.
She doesn't look like she's 225 lbs like all the Harley's I'm used to seeing at Comic Con.
For both sides, too.
French or German side?
My bad. I knew Bart had a school change in the Scorpio Ep.
Do elaborate? Because AC Clarke definitely wrote a book, and Kubrick filmed it...
Dat whiskey bottle...
The effort and the concept were worth praising. The acting, not so much, outside the adults.
Well, yeah, new plot and whatnot. I reckon CoD is roughly like a movie ticket. You pay your ducats, and you get a new plot and 12-15 hrs to go through it. Where I live, a movie is $19, so I get the same or more content from CoD than I do from movies. That said, the last CoD Imbought was MW3, and I've never bought a Madden game (RIP NCAA football...).
Didn't they film at the beaches in France, though?
That looks like VVG's exploding Tardis...
It's an amazing place, too.
Um, like the first 20 mins of the movie, dude. When they start rolling in on horseback and they're evacuating the camp.
Yeah, go to a real eye doctor, get your script, then go online to get the glasses. All that LEnsCrafters shit is bullshit.
That's funny, my fiancée bought me a 60" TV for xmas/birthday (only 9 days apart) as well, and for some reason it appears to only be playing 90210 and Real Housewives reruns.
Umm...
THIS. I thought I was being respectful and letting her watch what she wanted. "No honey, I really don't want to watch 90210, I'll just go play on my PC in the other room." "Why don't you want to cuddle on the couch with me!" "Uh, because I don't want to watch 90210?" "Fine, we'll put on something we both like." (which really mean what she wants to watch on Netflix) "But I didn't really want to watch TV..." "FINE."
Are...are you stalking me or something? Is there a camera hidden in my house? Hell, I'm still 15 months away from the I Do's. I feel like this is only going to get worse. Any advice from 15 years in that may help me going forward? I should not that the week leading up to Valentine's Day, her mother will be staying with us for 6 nights. In a row. In our one bedroom apartment, on a blowup mattress. I dun goofed.
Thanks for the clarification.
I like it when my fiancée shows me reddit reposts 3 days after the fact on his Instagram feed.
&gt; it's after the Reformation that things really get interesting And bloody.
Do you have to completely finish the ARP 3 level missions to get the ARP Kongo?
Sounds like the actual Anime.
Heh, sounds like my firm. I re-cabled a large chassis switch during a buildout when the affected area was unoccupied. 6 months later, shit's just hanging around. I blame my co-workers.
I got $5 to do a survey for the WSJ. Took 2 mins, easy money.
Yeah, that was the one toy that let everyone know how much more your parents loved you than everyone else's. Source: Neighbor had one, I was rebuffed.
I'm 5 eps in, and I have no clue what to think.
I gotta say, you southerners keep saying "well we don't really need them", and then year after year you get 3-4" and all hell breaks loose. I'm starting to sense the need for an added line item on state DOT budgets south of the Mason-Dixon line may finally be in order. Also, the south fucked themselves by sprawling out as far as their cars can carry them. Sure, it's going to snow 10"+ in NYC tomorrow, but we can all just walk to where we're going or take the subway. It's 5 blocks to the grocery store, not 5 miles, you know?
My fiancée tends to be the one always on the phone during TV/Movies and whatnot. I've given up even trying to suggest we watch something together that I like.
Yup. I'd like to thank the USAFA for turning me down based on eye-sight.
Ahem. The term is "Super PACS"
I assume it's a budget issue here in NYC. Just toss a brush on a maintenance train every morning and have it precede the morning rush. He'll just tack on car on the front of the trash train that rolls out of Grand Central. It shouldn't be that hard. Btw, I love Denmark, got to go to roskilde fest, had a blast.
That's awesome, wish I had the balls to,quit my job and do that.
The Lives of Others. Phenomenal German film.
Dude got an Oscar Nomination, I think.
Whatever was employed in the McDonald's scene in Mac and Me.
Different situation, but all the old people in my building complain about bikes in the bike lane. As if it's beneath them to bother to look both ways before stepping off the sidewalk.
I was dying laughing at that. Thing would've gone down a lot in 2008.
That's fair. This whole thing is fucked, TBH. I still want bad things to happen to some of those sheriffs.
It's a miracle that with line play that shitty we still had a chance to tie at the end. WHY DO THE TEAMS I ROOT FOR ET IN THOSE SITUATIONS? God, it was Clemson redux.
Yeah, the top level.
Um, the ones in NYC don't ... :(
They need to respect the no-elbows-over-the-table rule.
If I ever watched her show, I might be slightly off put.
Gemma Arterton FTW.
The older I get, the more I sympathize with Michael Douglas in Falling Down.
The first video is essentially how they do I-95 in CT. Line up 3-4 trucks en echelon and shunt it all off tot he right hand side of the road.
Eh, the health insurance and 401K at least give you some glimmer of hope for your future.
Well, at least Theon had the balls to do something about that.
Daw-lah twenty five, pa.
I, too, remember those pictures. Wonder what ever happened to her career after MTV.
A www, don't be mad that they got away with it and you guys didn't. And yes, you thrashed us in the game. Bosa was an idiot though.
Harper lost, right? To Trudeau?
Vegas has over a million people...
Damn, thanks for all the hard work. These are fascinating.
One county out the 8 is an NYC suburb. The rest was settled back in the 1600’s like most of the coastal New England towns.
Indeed, looks like the trim panels caused me some confusion. Looks like a great day to be out, though.
Those don't look even remotely similar
Financially speaking, it was a no-brainier. Wars don't get 100mm contracts.
Soooooo many Sunday night meetings with Fr. Doyle. I'm amazed he didn't have me booted. Alumni still sucks, though.
Yup.
Fuck Mrs. Carmoody. Most satisfying death I've ever experienced watching a movie.
The fight song was actually banned during my tenure. They brought it back a year after I left. Unofficially, of course.
More likely they care about the bottom line. WDW would be a cherry of a target for a terrorist, and they'd lose crazy business if something happened there.
Dammit, gotta rewatch 1.11 again.
What, you don't like mind rape by the Holy Spirit?
People like you, I felt so bad for. I knew the ending like 15 plus years before the movie came out, and when I saw them marketing the trailer, I was like"oh fuck these people aren't going to see the feels bus coming". Where the Red a Fern Grows, there,s some shit that'll fuck you up good, too.
They did do a good job with Cyclops this time. Finally.
Yup. Saw y'day, was like "hey, Sansa took a level in badass!"
I didn't know they were brothers...
Flash has always been campy, Dawson Leary's dad was the first flash. I'll check it out though.
In fairness, I don't own many Blu-Ray discs, but I picked up the Avatar 3D BD the day I got my new TV, and holy shit, it is unlike anything I have ever experienced in the home entertainment space. The fucking MENU is 3D. Sure the plot played it safe, but seeing the flight through the floating mountains on IMAX in 3D was mind-blowing when it came out. I read a critic's review once (of Titan A.E.) and they said that the point of Sci Fi is to see something new, show something fresh. Avatar did that in spades, and we're all spoiled rotten by what they accomplished. Pacific Rim, to me, was the next movie that actually worked well with the new ideas available. End Rant.
Yup. I lived in Charlotte when they filmed it, love that movie. Cary Elwes was such a great dick in that movie.
Yes, and then they all started getting on steamers to come over. I think this was right after the Irish wave died down, and before the Italian wave really picked up steam.
Seriously, I'm 35, and every time I think about how life sucks, I take a little dive into /r/personalfinance and realize that owning my own home with no debt puts me waaaaaay ahead of the game, and I really shouldn't be all pissy.
This. When I was 30 I was taking trips to New Zealand and what-not.
Appropos of yesterday, they take out tanks manually in the final battle of SPR.
65.5 years.
I thought he got it from an open sore on his dick when he banged a chick who had it whilst stepping out on his wife?
I imagine it's like south bend, with less snow and trees, and not close to a big city like Chicago.
/r/theydidthemath It really is amazing, though.
Yup. Eastern Dakotas and Minny took the lions share, land was still available out there at that time. Sometimes I have to remind myself how amazing it is that our country is so young and yet so populous.
Yup. Nuclear weapon hitting power, minus the fallout.
Referring to Kliff, maybe?
That is fucking gold. The Browns fans are the best. And the fact that someone is prepared to shit all over any Cowboys flair he sees.
Proximity will do that, for the most part. NY-Philly is 75 mins by train. DC another 2 hrs down the road. And everyone just hates Dallas and they've all been in the same division since the merger anyways. Hell, I can't remember off the top of my head who got booted out of the east when they went to 4 team divisions.
Totally forgot about the Cards. Whoops.
We've already been round the dark side like 7-8 times, no?
Um, it's called the English System...
Ground penetrating sonar is a helluva thing.
Fractals!
Does it have any Final Fantasy feel to it? Or is it a more FPS type of control? It's on sale now, I may as well check it out.
I bet he does. Source: used to bartender in a hot arid place. With beaches. Did not sell, though.
Oh god I have a co-worker who laughs at every fucking thing. Gives me a headache every time.
That game was awesome. Like RC Pro Am, but better.
Man, I was watching an old ep of Cheers form way back, and there's Frasier, just standing around in the back ground like an extra in one shot. It's like "Wow, that dude is on his way to being THAT DUDE, but isn't there yet." So cool to see the progression. EDIT: Also, Lilith is what got him his own show, she's a dynamite performer.
I was making a joke, but I guess it didn't work out so hot.
I'm definitely partaking in this idea this summer while our business capacity flatlines
Yes, and it would've been against the Soviets, with nukes. Not a good thing.
How is ESPN so fucking shit at putting this stuff together? I went to their soccer page to get just the highlights, and got a 3 minute press conference video (w/ requisite 15sec ad), and then when I went to look for video highlights, it didn't have anything titled "Video highlights". They wonder why they lose viewers, maybe it's because they can't convey simple information. thanks to all back here for getting these up online in the quick hit form I'm looking for.
Anything worth seeing in Halifax? Can grab a dirt cheap flight up there on Porter from NYC.
From what I understand, the depiction of Healy's setup in OitNB is closer to truth than fiction.
I mean, that is some perfectly rational thinking right there.
Well, that would depend on the available serotonin, no?
My kingdom for real investment in the Bos-Wash. Fucking states rights.
Or maybe just reform the FRA, like they should have 30 years ago? Edit: and I'd happily drop a trill on HSR, shame we dropped that trill on Iraq.
This would be where the NDN folks chime in with the "hero a deep FIELD TURF!?" Bit.
Seriously, the fuck is up with their vinegar fetish? The only things that should ever go on freedom frites is ketchup, gravy, and cheese curds (we got ya, frost backs)
Yeah, talk shit get hit. She earned it.
I had my hands up for most of the ep. So fucking epic. Wish they'd let ghost have a chomp on Ramsay.
I screamed at the tv once I saw him running straight ahead.
Horse racing? Indianapolis is noted for a different type of racing...
Yeah, but Delirium Tremens is like over 9% ABV/btl. Three bud lights worth of alcohol.
Roy from the IT Crowd is right. I'm going to have a sit down and see if I can get them to move to an SQL based solution, but it's going to be absolute hell to do so.
Benny :*(
I visited Rio in 2012 and had a blast, but holy shit the traffic. Took 60 mins to drive form Ipanema to Copa in a taxi. Should've taken the subway, I guess.
It's like that scene from The Usual Suspects where they hold up the police escort.
How'd your ex-gf take you for $50k?
This. HRC is Tywin, Bernie is Robb Stark.
And he seems so normal in the behind the scenes interviews.
Upvote for moutheyes.
Yup. Good stuff.
If we lost those six Brian Kelly would be done.
It creates a paste. My god, it creates a paste.
Fat upper pubic area. Basically, you ever seen a super fat dude whose belt divides his belly into hemispheres? The bit below the belt is the fupa, and since the penis is a skin covered blood vessel which is solidly anchored and can't move out as the fat accumulates in that area, the length gets continually reduced by the skin creeping outwards. You have also heard it referred to as a gunt? That,s usually more for super obese women, though.
Ah, ok. I went from north of 260 to 165, and it was definitely noticeable.
Yeah, losing weight isn't super hard if you focus, and the ancillary benefits are surprisingly awesome.
Count Dooku got his head chopped off.
And Mads Mikkelsen is just the right age to be Sydow's younger self.
Damn, at what point is PHX going to run out of water?
Yup, end of CW sets it up perfectly. One of Tony/Steve dies in each of the Infinity war movies, book it.
It's 59th and 5th. The Plaza Hotel, andthe corner of Central Park. Possibly one of the most expensive $/ft^2 spots in the entire United States to park a car. Not surprised it's $1000/mo. Where I live, it's about $500-$600/mo depending what you drive (East 80's). There's a spot on the east river in the LES that does indoor parking for less than $200, I think. And it's like $150 in the BX if you want to train it. As an SUV owner, thank god I can leave it at my office's garage for free. Even still that's out in CT.
East Harlem is getting more expensive these days, too.
You can't afford it. Source: Manhattanite who can't afford it either.
What happened to the old ND?
Yeah, I tried to see if I could get a DVD copy of "Westworld" after seeing the HBO trailer, but no dice.
German cities seem to have gotten it right with transit.
Broad St line FTW. I was amazed at how solid that was.
Which is why I can't find Westworld, which I wanted to finally get around to watching before the HBO series comes out.
This is going to be like the first gen of the video game console wars. Everyone saw NFLX being super successful, and thought "hey, I own these IP's, I should go do my own thing!" And so we'll get fractured content across multiple creator-owned services. Eventually, the strongest will prevail, and pick up the IP of the losers, and we'll be almost like right back where we started.
Shhhh, don't let the evangelicals hear that.
Is he the one that got implicated in some sort of sex scandal in the last few years?
Woo hoo. while this doesn't affect me, I feel like the timeliness of this given John Oliver's speech is important
"Why would you ever want to buy bonds?" If you hear this, RUN. Ok, so maybe not like, Argentinian bonds, but fuck me if a T-bill goes bust in the next decade.
Is that the same farm where my goldfish and first dog went to? I bet they're having so much fun!
At that point, we have way bigger problems.
I work at a fund that doesn't take less than $1mm for a 5 year lock up, and ~99% of our investors are $5mm or higher. I know all about that racket. And we're getting paid 2% to lag behind the SPX baseline. Easy money.
It was never his own money. It's all held by various corporate entities. The man is a fucking shark. And sharks have thrived for 650,000,000 years. He knows what he's doing, and he enriches his holdings by doing so. I don't support it, but he's damn good at what he does.
His casinos were successful when they were the only game in town and Philly/NYC people had only one option: Go to AC. Then Foxwoods and Mohegan sun opened up an hour closer stealing business from east of the Hudson, while additionally having space for event centers/arenas (AC is really tightly packed on the waterfront, the convention center is a relic there), finally everyone else got in on the game (Poconos, etc.) and AC's competitive advantage was destroyed, leaving the husk of a town that now exists there.
They're tasty. Source: Ate a piece of one once.
My bad, should've said "open arms". I think the Irish Civil War was enough for the lower 26 to realize the harm of gunplay. If the Ulster 6 decide to leave, I would hope all sides are open, honest, and sane about what the implications are, and look to a shared future and the opportunities it brings, instead of looking at a fractured past.
Have we come full circle? 100 years after the Easter uprising, the sovereign government of the independent Republic of Ireland is exhorting its expats to vote to KEEP a union together. What a time to be alive.
She can have the GG dissolve the parliament, no? The silence from Buckingham is deafening.
I suppose. Be interesting to see what happens going forward. I just want the Eurostar to run to Amsterdam as planned.
The fact that people believed a single thing Nigel Farage has said is absolutely mind blowing. What say get all you "Remain" folks onto a plane and over here to the suddenly-not-insane-by-comparison US of A, and we'll ship back all the Trump supporters?
Oceania has always been at war with Eurasia, mate.
I see you now realize what we younger Americans have had happen to us. Older generation fucked us over, then voted to kick the can down the road and let us pay for their cushy retirement. This whole EU vote may very well lead to new secession talk in the states. EDIT: Also, if you're going ot NYC, tons of fun free shit. Daily metro card gets you anywhere on the subway in one zone, Central PArk can take a full day, go ride the elevators at the MArriott Marquis in Times Square, and go sucker punch a frisky Elmo, you'll get honorary NYC citizen status on the spot.
"Would you be so kind as ensure that the vestibule door does not cause a ruckus which involves contact with your posterior as you move through it?"
Far too much in the clothing department, actually.
Good for wrapping the chippies.
Why isn't it just being allowed to run its course?
You know it wasn't his fault, he didn't fiddle, and set up relief stations for aid, right? Also, this is a 100% human problem, it's our fault for sprawling out into places that nature can reclaim.
Numbers may have changed, and I may be wrong. Mississippi can go shit in a hat, though.
Says the guy who doesn't get a mortgage interest deduction. Wow, what a bump now that I'm a home owner. I pay less effectively than I would if I had to rent right now. Feels like I'm hoarding money.
And that, kids, is why you ALWAYS wear your seat belt. EDIT: HOLY SHIT THAT ENGINE.
Well, Atlanta is he sprawl From hell so the quiet may be nice for a change.
I used to live in Wilburn, just wish it was last to the water and more walkable.
Depends. NYPD has gotten pretty crack, they eliminated a propane tank bomb form harming people in Times Square not long ago. I agree TSA is security theatre, but all our terror incidents since 9/11 have been homegrown. Yes, I realize our gun purchasing laws and lack of proper tracking of persons of interest may be lacking ,considering what happened in Orlando. Frankly, we've used amendments to overturn constitutional rights before, I don't see what's stopping us form repealing the 2nd amendment besides namby pamby bed-wetters who can't sleep without their guns next to them.
What really blew my mind was when I flew form Helsinki to Stockholm, no passport control, just walked right on off the plane and out the door. And then turned around and went back inside because someone got the brilliant idea to not make you walk half a mile to the train stop. But hey, we got Budwei..America, am I right?
I mean the fact that it's a constitutional right should be the only reason they need it.
That sounds like a nice place.
Dat handle.
If it's going to be obvious, I want him to say "the things I do for love" as he chokes her to death.
When he squares up...
Not gonna lie, 7yo me and ym neighbor learned how to use a fast forward button really young, because the volley ball didn't include jets. Watched it again when I was like 21, completely gobsmacked that there was an actual sex scene in the movie. One of the fast forwarded part I never saw as a kid, because no jets.
Serious question, how will the RN train on Naval F-35's? Will they be doing so on American carriers until the QE is ready?
TR was on to something...
Jobs program for the STEM grads.
True. But didn't Brandon ride off after Rhaegar's absconsion of Lyanna?
As a NYC resident, I'd watch that.
That's awfully optimistic.
Now this is some solid mockery.
You monster...
You would think that Jackie Chan had a decent command of english by that point, given he'd been big in the states for a while by then. Watching him flub his lines is hilarious.
"Sort by X then Y"
The basic assummption going in was "everyone dies". So not sure how much of a spoiler this is.
Tis your last bit. Gawker is dead and gone, fortunately, and while I liked io9 somewhat, it's tainted by the Gawker association for me.
TNS does NOT hold up at all.
5 seconds of awesome, 25 hours of mindless wandering.
That was the biggest no brainer ever. "Sorry Kaiden"
I was insanely mad when I only got two, and was like, "WTF? This is it?" So much extra shit you had to do to get that ending. I let Tali die in 3, fuck her.
Yeah, but this is America, and we stopped our alphabet at 26 letters, tyvm.
TIL ensuring job security = sleazy. Knowledge is power. You want it, pay for it. Basic business principles.
Heaven Sent is a good one to intro people to. Sets up the fact that seasons are continuous, and it's just the doctor doing his thing (for a few billion years).
Don't touch the third rail. Ever. Train passengers don't get electrocuted because the train acts as the conductor, 1st and 2nd rails act as the neutral to return the current. Just don't go on the tracks, ever.
The opioid thing isn't going away as long as drug makers can keep people purchasing their pills.
&gt; Supposedly worse than nyc Just so you know, the murder rate in chicago is something like 28+/100k people. NYC is like 3.2/100k. I do'nt know how you use NYC in any sort of "worse than" comparison, we've got record low crime, for another consecutive year violent crime rates DROPPED. Baltimore and Chicago should be your bench marks. And yes, East StL is pretty bad. Probably not as bad as Gary, though.
- History
Steel industry left for the most part. Dying company town. It's just extremely visible due to location.
Vancouver residents, for one.
That socio economic link is starting to get tested on the east coast though. Opioids are definitely starting to eat at the fringes of white picket fence communities in nice places in MA and CT. Cape Cod and the Massachusetts islands have massive issues.
Damn this is actually quite moving for a 1:20 clip. I stand by my "The prequels got better when the LAATs landed on Geonossis" stance, but of all those three movies, the one part they nailed was the Obi-Wan/Anakin on the lava. Unleashed the fury there, and it paid off.
This woman goes to my gym, I call her "Tits&amp;Tats".
Yeah, it's a trope for a reason. It's also,sorely overdue for a revamp.
Not legal for purposes of resale, no? I've definitely bought on Sunday across state lines when they still had blue laws in CT and IN.
Eh, I'm from CT, this happens all the time. People have 4WD, they can go, but they still can't stop.
Damn, Ethiopia has a ton of people.
So, Wisconsin or Finland?
But mommy was a WAC in the Philippines.
These shellfish delights have shellfish ends...
As much as this movie is going to make me shed tears, it should be said that Luke Evans is a a bulls eye casting choice for gaston.
I'm still shocked they went with the Superman Dies plot for BvS. I do NOT read comics, and that might be one of the only ones I ever picked up. And then they go and not only use it in the first movie, but spoil it in the trailer. So dumb.
But Pall Malls? Yuck.
Shit, I gotta rewatch this. Dunno how I didn't rememberthat.
McBride looks like he'll be surviving for at least 2/3rds of the film, though.
Angsty one at that.
What's going on down there?
Put the fucking phone away. FFS We're just grabbing a beer or two, unless a family member has died your Instagram account can wait. My fiancee actually showed up somewhat drunk to our first eharmony date after going out with friends beforehand to a tequila bar, and was kind enough to not bother with the iphone beyond the "he's not a murderer and I'm still alive" mandatory text you ladies appear to be doing these days.
In retrospect, that might've been the best move of his pro career. And I say this as a Pats fan living in NYC.
Yeah, she dun goofed hard.
MArk Cuban is definitely laughing.
Seems like a pretty crafty move on his part.
Damn scots.
&gt; ok, but too corny This.
Our crime rates are at a historical low. I odn't like Trump either, but "unstable" is a word that should be used with a country like Syria, not us.
They touched on this in Disney's Pocahontas.
Jesus, there's so much I miss on this show.
Green Man! Is that Fenway? There's a gate in the outfield wall but I didn't see the scoreboard.
Wow, that's Chamberlain/Czechia levels of fucked up right there.
I'm pretty sure it wasn't a dude, but if it was, holy shit, it would be the greatest political hoodwink in US history.
Makes sense, thanks.
Nice, I gave up soda and energy drinks (minus black coffee) for NY this year. How's it affected your body?
Damn, gratz on the efforts. I'm hoping this is one good change to make for myself that'll help me drop some weight. 202 now, have bounced aroudn ab it over the years, hit 270 at one point and switched to diet then, now I'm trying to get it all out. 10 days so far.
&gt; This is the type of political meltdown usually reserved for fledgling democracies in Africa. [Well, he's already got the plane part down.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/photography/7935165/Private-jets-at-Brighton-Photography-Biennial.html) (Might be some NSFW bits in there)
That's a home run for Hollywood.
Well, yeah, because Luke Skywalker
Yeah, I got off a plane and saw them making the announcement and was like "So much for that."
Honestly, I think Jedi is better than ANH.
Dear Ohio: Thank you so very, very much. Love, Connecticut
IT guy here, if it's powered by electricty and needs connectivity, I will always be needed.
And while they were at it, COMPLETELY CHANGED THE CHARACTER. Fuck I got pissed off at that movie. I didn't bother with the second one, either. FWIW, I think Alien 3 and 4 at least fit within the universe they're supposed to, even if the execution was flawed.
Tis true.
You can easily get that in with a throwaway line of dialogue without having to ponder on it too much.
There was a third one?
Daughter from the first one was my first crush.
Well, unions being influenced by the mafia and whatnot, along with some antiquated rules that make no sense in modern society, tend to leave a bad taste. My two experiences with unions: 1) Worked for a liquor distributor. One driver, one helper per truck. I was a helper, brought in by a temping firm. Got $10/hr to unload the boxes, drivers got paid a lot more. my wage was a result of the drivers' union negotiating for it. Didn't mind that job so much. 2) Worked for a moving company. Only one union guy there, he drove the firm's only tractor trailer and was a teamster. Would drive to the pick up site, take a nap, and then drive to the drop off site, and take another nap. Didn't lift a finger to help, and was very vocal about it. Not a good union experience. I would love to see the look on his face when a robot takes his job.
I dunno, with that communist healthcare y'all got, you might be in need of a little...freedom.
Easy to pick out I-95 there...
C'mon now...
Uh, USC though.
Money talks.
Fuck that jump on 8-1.
Thinking about inflation and whatnot, I'm having trouble fathoming how much gaming cost back then. Honestl,y if you were kicking at the arcade often in the 80's you probably dropped in more equivalent cash than if you were today gorging on steam sale gimmes and playing on a &lt;$1000 gaming rig.
Remember when Andrew Breitbart died of a coke induced heart attack? Breitbart news really, really hopes you don't.
Amy Winehouse didn't die of a drug overdose either...
Because this is Reddit, I got $5 says it was a trilby, and not a fedora.
*triggered* But seriously, if Randy Moss had put in a little more effort on that bomb at the end of the 4th, we'd have won. I really can't hate on Eli for making the play of his life, and possibly one of the top 5 greatest plays in NFL history (seriously, he should've been sacked, I give him credit for spinning out of it and finding Tyree). And I think the fact that most Giants fans recognize the fluke and don't give us shit makes it a little more bearable. I'd happily lose another SB to the giants before ever dealing with a loss to the Jets in the playoff. Talk about a bunch of loudmouths.
Jesus, they executed in every phase of the game .
Bend-don't-break. Only stat that matters is the one on the scoreboard.
And honestly it's better than the "violent delights have violent ends" reference, because it's more subtle, and not the running theme of the show. I think Michael Crichton would be proud to see his worked interpreted so well.
Filthy casual. Upgrade yo bed linen game and get two more pillows. 2x the pillow flipping possibilities, and your girl can toss some fancy shit on there and make it look like it do at Bed Bath.
A little light choking goes a long way. And not even squeezing just put your hand on the throats and let them feel it. No risk of injury, and it goes to eleven real quick.
Wow, great execution on a novel concept. If I might add one piece of constructive criticism should you pursue more of these (and please don't take this the wrong way): - If you made it so those side areas which have the vents were some how able to slide out in a drawer like manner, it would make accessing components a much easier task, and wouldn't require removing the monitors. Just a thought. I love how it looks though, wish I had enough space for a desk that large.
I had a massive crush on that chick.
Saw X1 Freshman year of college. When I was little, we had the cartoon show, so if they get this one right, I'll quit bitching forever.
It's finance, it'salways been "who you know" and not as much "what you know". Merrill ain't Goldman.
Even Panameras?
Hasn't he made some statements that get pretty closeto Godwin's Law territory?
I don't think you understand how many folks in the military are thrilled that he won.
I fail to see the issue with Melania. She's a hot model. No one was voting for her, she's just along for the ride. It's fair to say she hasn't really made any gaffes or anything worthy of ridicule beyond the speech she was given to read at the GOP convention. And frankly, she's a looker, and probably the hottest First Lady in history. Settle down, y'all.
&gt; tiny city Uh, it's the second biggest in the state, no? Small compared to NYC, but big compared to places in Iowa.
Yeah, so they can sell massive amounts of toys for Christmas.
Blew that chance.
The last boss took me north of an hour to beat. Finished the entire ending around 3am, fortunately it was mid-summer. I was 16, amazed my folks didn't get onto me about it.
7 only had three discs...
If you're a man and you don't have a truck, then you, sir, are In American. Now, just step over here and sign this nice, easy to afford 5 year financing agreement!
Got bad news for ya bro, Raiders to Vegas is 90% sure to happen.
Gotcha. Surprised it's not on PC.
The swamp Germans.
Hey Reddit, remember when everyone on here wanted this shot down? Pepperidge Farm 'members.
Belgium has coal? TIL. Thought that shit was in the Saarland, no?
Oh, well then. Still makes him a scumbag.
Damn, Blake Shelton used to be thin.
Damn, we've been involved in just shy of 1/5th of all Super Bowls ever played. Ever. Not bad for having been founded in 1960.
It's hard AF man, I'm playing it now, and stuck really early on.
So far BF is the only AC game I've ever played. I love the pirating parts, the story bits I'm kinda "meh" on.
I know this is a good attempt to borrow the style from TfL buses, but man there is not a lot of things to gauge this by. It shows three of the like 60+ lines, and not so much geographical cues. I live in NYC, so I could figure it out, but this would be tough for an out of towner.
Thing is, a spanloader would be a revolutionary design, with massive structural advantages. The B-2 program ironed out most flying wing issues twenty years ago, this is an idea who's time has come. Edit: cause you could easily do 600 passengers on one.
Jack Northrop is a legend. The story about him seeing the model of the B-2 on his deathbed is touching.
Yeah, they aren't shit talkers, you don't see them in the crime blotter, and they run a respectful org. More teams could stand to roll that way.
Yyyyyyoink
Fair point, I livei n NYC and didn't even think of that. Once they let them go hog wild with FAR, they built out massive floorplates, basically. I see it all the time in Midtown East, everything from 60-mid-70's looks bland and boring.
That's what tipped me.
"Lisa! In this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics,"
Said every GOP base member.
If he thought he was going to make his kid famous, he should've shut down Jaden's twitter account first. Yeesh. He was even on a magazine cover for some reason.
Conspiracy theory time! What if this is all just a ploy by the NSA to make the public thankful that their intelligence gathering apparatus has "saved us" from this Trumpian threat by using their spying capabilities to bring his administration down?
Nobody belongs anywhere, nobody exists on purpose, everybody's going to die. Come watch TV?
That usually tends to be poor minorities who worship that movie.
Don't worry, we do.
Nope. Who do you think bought all those "Left Behind" books?
Awesome, I know what I'm doing tonight. It's on Crunchyroll, right?
My firm has a term for this:"buggy whip makers". When the horseless carriage came along, buggy whip makers failed to see the writing on the wall. And so they went out of business. If coal is not profitable, capital will not be invested into the supply chain. That's the real problem, and propping up the industry will only work for so long.
How the hell are they gonna do a Season 2 of Westworld? That last episode wrapped everything up so neat and pretty. I guess I won't get spoiler-y, but man there's like only one angle left to examine at this point, and it,s with Maeve and Evan Rachel Wood's characters (damn she was great)
S5 had the Hardhome episode though, no? I know my show only friends were still picking their jaws up off the floor days later from the ending of that one. We,re all in the same boat now, so to speak.
Uh, "when the story ends" is not a good thing... Edit: So many downvotes, I guess you didn't realize I meant that "when the story ends" is most likely going to be bojack dying, which objectively,is not a "good" thing. But downvote away, IDGAF.
That's pretty close, and the per sq km (woo Americans know commie math too!) density strongly leans towards the Helveticans.
Eh, it gets cold out there, I guess you gotta make domwith what's around when you got four feet of snow blocking you in the house?
Throw in some protein powder, and you can skip a meal.
When you say "Across Massachusetts", are you going N-S or E-W? Cause friend, you're gonna fucking hate Texas. Keep it up though, cool vids.
You're a good guy. I flipped my car doing 75 in a 25 27 hours after I picked up my license from the DMV. Seat belt saved my life.
All those Europeans want to go somewhere warm and first world.
He helped to propagate it. History will bear it out.
Top bantz, but you'd take CR7 in a heartbeat.
Dude, there's americans who can't find US states on a map of the US.
Wait, so the ghosts in the new one are aliens? Weak.
David Lean was firing on all cylinders, one would think, and then Ryan's Daughter came out. Damn that was a long sad movie.
If it,s anything like Gallipoli it'll get dusty in the room. I'll check it out.
Very often. That bridge is horrible traffic-wise.
In hindsight, Bush/Cheney was far more competent than this shit show.
This...is the only song we know...it's boring aaaand it's slow...
That gold brick analogy is perfect. The building is at 53rd and 5th, sits on top of a major subway stop, and has all the air rights you need to go up to 1500'. It's just a shitty building, with bad FAR.
Miscavige has him wrapped around his finger.
Millwall were the bad guys in Green Street Hooligans, where frodo learned how to fight.
Forgot about flyboys. Never saw the lost battalion, any good?
Can confirm on the taste thing. I redid my bathroom with basic white tile and plain-ish floor tile in order to minimize any issues with decor going out of fashion in the next ten years.
It's a guy who could conceivably take down the most powerful man in the free world with a simple truthful testimony. This was appointment viewing for everyone west of Belarus.
meh, until we see the actual tape, I'm partial to the "Putin had it edited" line of thinking.
Also, Ice. There is a severe lack of ice. In the US ice water is free at pretty much any restaurant.
Gonna need a key here. Is that green bit in NI Sinn Fein?
That's the closest one.
There were moderates?
Or a chimp.
So, rotties are super nice to their owner, but super protective as well, right?
TIL a phlebotomist is the person who draws blood at a clinic.
Racist! /s. But seriously, NYC cracked down and grabbed the "racist" label, meanwhile our percapita murder rate is astonishingly low given our size.
Ah, yes, Nauru. Heard all about it when I was living there in 2003-04, seems to be a bit like your Guantanamo minus the terrorists and torture and all.
Norm has some show on HBO for like a month back in about 2008 or so, it was hilarious.
Not the right place to make this comment, bit that reminds me of a guard pulling for a full back trap.
LOL wut? Our best revenge win was Catholics vs. Convicts. MSU doesn't come close to that one, no offense Sparty.
I'm sure you guys will get to one soon enough. Meyer has to retire eventually, right?
I feel you, I had to pretend to like The National with my ex fiancée. First thing I did when she called off the wedding was delete all that shitty music.
Can confirm changed several classmates grades to B- from D on their computer printed report cards in middle school. Mechanical pencils have the same width as old school dot matrix printers, donchaknow.
Arctic Silver #5. Did the trick for me. Also, tossed the spring bolt tie down thingies and straight up drilled out space for realscrews and washers (with plastic insulators), never had a problem afterwards. Had it ten years.
Ashes, ashes...
Yeah, "American Exceptionalism" and "Special Snowflake" syndrome go hand in hand.
I use Charles Schwab, all ATM fees rebated monthly. I don't know why anyone would use a different service.
That's fair.
Wow, TIL.
Preach it bro. I love Schwab. My only issue comes when I need to take out large sums of cash, but I've been able to work around it.
It's that bad 9/11 vibe, especially with the people jumping...
Problem is, they,re publicly traded companies, so investors are looking for monetization rates of in-game micro-transactions and "product runways" and MAUs and all that. Source: work for one of those firms.
Well, we call it "America's Hat" for a reason.
Collectively, yes, CFB is a multi billion dollar revenue generator. Look at the TV contracts alone.
Yeah, even rich people I know wash the dishes. I mean, their help washes the dishes, but still, that shit gets reused.
Someone really needs to open a place called Shadynasty's.
FFVII.
Yeah, the record scratching the needle there.
I work a fancy job making good money. Trust me, you never stop taking that drink order, it just turns into "fix my iPhone now!" or "This program is running slow!" Unless you're the boss, you're always going to get shit on.
Done. I'd be running shit in 500 years.
Literally hearing Phil Collins in my head right now, and picturing Jesus explaining Phil's ouvré while polishing some nails.
At least the English got a nice tunnel to France out of the whole thing. And Yes I know Britain is more than England, but that tunnel doesn't,t go to Scotland and I can't imagine the SNP supporters are too thrilled about their own "leave/stay" outcome right now.
Oh god, I work with a guy like that. Nice enough, but completely unopen to opinions that do not perfectly align with his world view.
At least it wasn't your sperm?
They sold it to the public as a $10B project. Current costs are looking like $90B. Which everyone should have exp cited, but still. Infrastructure spending in the US is quite the cash grab for all parties (regardless of location). Shame, but it's true. Just to do D.C.-Boston properly with rail would cost $150B. Any other country could do it for 2/3rds of that, tops. Even the French HSR authority (SNCF) weighed in, and proposed a high speed direct line between SF-LA that would been just a straight shot, down a highway median, and it wasn't that expensive, but it didn't hit all the little ag towns in the middle, so it wouldn't even get to the ballot. Everyone has their hand out.
It is actually. Atlanta exists where it does because it sits astride the eastern continental divide, meaning that it was the best place for rail lines to meet up, and minimized the need for bridges. There's a reason the Union army drove for it, it cut off supplies and communications for the separated armies of the south, and let them hasten the war's end. It also one of the reasons Sherman's march is notoriously famous for ripping up train tracks.
Atlanta is south of Detroit.
The French plan didn't get forwarded, despite being far cheaper. Also, if they were going to do it right, they,d just bite the bullet and dig a base tunnel from LA basin to the Central Valley. Get one of the private Class I railroads to share the costs, it would save tons of travel time for them too.
We have a league in the states, over 50 clubs, you should come out for a practice. It's a good workout.
Amen.
I was at the Apartheid museum in Joburg, and my wife and I came upon a museum explanatory piece that listed some of the non-black activists who worked to end the practice. One of them was named Sak See. As asians were defined under the Apartheid codes as separate from whites, it made sense to list people from other racial groups. My wife and I, however, looked at each other, and could not stop laughing. I know we are bad people, but "0 sexxxxyyyyy!" Was just and in joke between us for so long, and to see it written on a wall somewhere was too much.
I go by that one a lot on my way to 125/Park, surprised they set up shop there.
That guide is quite the salesman.
Yes, the pun refers to both his improved looks due to weight loss, and possibly refers to the larger visible size due to fat reduction making the wang hang a bit longer. Happened to me, lost 100lbs, mini-me got about an inch longer, since there was less fat surrounding it.
Man, I really wish the trailer for Moon hadn't given away the whole plot. Still saw it in the theatre, though, great flick.
It,s a good show, though... Seriously, not a lot on OTA tv these days that,s worth watching, but I'll sit through and episode of hot older Happy Gilmore chick and Phil Dunphy's wisdom. Ed O'Neill FTW, too.
Meh,the twincest is old by this point. I think everyone in /r/ASOIAF is rooting for Jamie to ram something sharp and metallic throughnCersei's thorax at this point.
I think "pachyderm" is derived from Latin, though.
Doesn't it burn off the methane? I thought that's why it always pops and flares up a bit when I orbit the bowl with the match.
The movie Trainspotting really drove home the point for me, seemed like cheeky fun but then the dude gets aids and I was like "no needles for me, ever."
That show was quite interesting.
Oh man, Southern Cal is gonna bitch sooooo hard about the waist high grass now.
&gt; We're shipping up to Boston, you fucks. I cannot tell you how fucking livid I got when they began playing that. That's a Boston College song, ffs. It sucks just as much as their school.
So why DID they kill him? Just because he was gay? I never watched the show much, but know he gets whacked.
"You can have the Gameboy, the cake, or me."
80's, bro. I was forbidden from owning any in 1985 or so by my mother.
BC is not a rival.
Poor trashy people see poor trashy people with money as the highest form of being. I won't mention the outcome that has elsewhere, like, say, politics.
Yet another British fuck up, as well.
&gt; they could occupy the cities but they would never be able to hold the countryside so they just gave up Sounds like the Americans in Vietnam.
UGa was $205, I think USC ran me $135. And I'm in Sorin Society, so technically I'm paying ~$500/ea.
I know, just messin'. They do get a lot of shit, but they're capable as hell. We should've definitely built more F-22's, though.
Wow, that's one helluva piece of jewelry. That's also like a $20 Spencer's gifts level of costume. Edit: Also, she looks like Michael with a wig on.
My roomate's brother was in the second tower to get hit. He called home to tell his mom he was fine, and that a plane had hit the building next to them. That was his last phone call. We watched it all on tv that morning instead of going to class.
