I drink and drive heavily. They've clamped down on this recently so now whenever a cop pulls me over, I wait till he approaches and shoot him in the face. I wouldn't have to do this if the drink driving laws were less harsh so the drink driving laws are obviously to blame. Abolish drink driving laws and you'll be saving lives.
It's also because you are the only country that really really really gets into everyone else's shit. I mean, this is a Swiss organisation taking bribes from South Africa and funnelling them to Trinidad and Tobago. Other than the fact that some people involved are American and they used American banks, it has nothing at all to do with the US. But there you are anyway...
There's a break in the middle, which is usually 70% adverts. Also during the build up and at the end. Even with the long halves, still have about ten breaks.
Spicy food isn't acid and it won't burn your skin no matter how much you eat.
You were saying that the 'no breaks' system works for football. I was pointing out that football has plenty of breaks. That's all.
You're not wrong. No one is an idiot just for believing in God. Just like no one is an idiot just because they believe in homeopathy or telekinesis or astrology or aura cleansing.
Why, has someone fallen down the well?
No no, I got the point. You think that's it's wrong to generalise about people based on a certain aspect of their life. I agree with that, and was illustrating that agreement by saying that similar things happen to other types of people who believe similarly outlandish things.
But it does have more than one *advert* break, which is my point fnaar fnaar
When I was a small child, I told myself that when I was an adult I would have two microwaves. One for preparing food and the other for microwaving things like jelly and bricks just to see what happens . I'm an adult now but my dream of having a microwave solely for play has not come true :-(
So, what you're saying is that if I drown myself in icy cold water then I'll lose weight? Thanks for the info, I'll give it a crack! You should post this on Life Pro Tips!
That's interesting, I've heard of the drug, mostly in the context of people suffering horrific deaths as a result of taking too much, but always assumed that it isn't used medically because it's too dangerous. Could you mitigate that with an ice bath? If temperature is the problem then maybe but there might be some other effects that wouldn't be mitigated. Very interesting idea though, but sadly I lack the knowledge to know whether it would work or whether it would just lead to multiple convictions for manslaughter...
Not drowning may be better in the short terms but for long term weight loss, nothing beats death!
You realise I now desperately want to microwave some grapes, right?
I'm not objecting to anything other than the statement that football has no breaks. I'm also rapidly losing the will to live.
You implied that football manages to be successful despite the lack of breaks. All I was doing is pointing out that football actually has a lot of advert breaks, a fact that may not have been apparent to someone who doesn't watch football and certainly wasn't made clear in your comment. Was this a worthwhile contribution? Maybe, maybe not, but I sure as fuck didn't expect to still be discussing it a dozen replies and 24 hours later. If you disliked my thoroughly innocuous reply that much, you probably should have just ignored it.
You can't honestly believe that's the test. That you should only disbelieve things if you can prove they aren't true? If so, prove you're not a cucumber. Or prove that I'm not God.
No. Neither do you.
Oh god, the temptation! THE TEMPTATION!!
I don't understand what you mean?
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent. You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them? I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence. It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent. You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them? I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence. It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
And yet you say that you *do* know...
The voidspace dude got banned, I wonder why he's different...
You absolutely right. Sounds like more of a methhead to me. Reckon she probably took the pokemon book off a trucker who found her unconscious in a highway rest stop after a 72 hour meth and jenkem binge with her pimp father, probably as payment for shitting in his mouth.
I agree with most of these but the final one is retarded. Did they not bother to read the law beforehand? Of course it's possible for Duggan to have been lawfully killed even if he didn't have a gun. Kinda diminishes the impact of the others that the final one is so stupid...
Why do you have faith that God exists?
It's the only logical conclusion.
It's not. Neither is wire fraud. What's your point?
I think the reason that young people feel this way is because they've only just learned about corrupt the world is and they are outraged. The reason older people don't feel this way is because they are resigned to the fact that the world is corrupt. I'm not sure this is better.
Oh man, I remember watching My So Called Life and the scene where Angela is dancing around her bedroom singing Blister In The Sun and I just went out and devoured everything I could find. Such an memorable moment from my childhood.
Pot plants? http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Guardian/About/General/2012/4/3/1333468800200/Does-having-pot-plants-in-008.jpg
It's weird because I live in a country where guns are pretty much completely illegal and I, well, I just can't understand why anyone would want to own this sort of thing. It's like having a giant collection of knives. Not meaning to be mean but it's just seems so creepy wanting to have all these dangerous weapons around.
If you're skilled enough to install Linux in the first place but still can't get it to work properly, it's probably not your fault that it doesn't work properly but rather the fault of the designers that created an OS too difficult for a reasonably smart IT literate person to figure out. Usability is a critical part of any piece of software. Windows works. I don't want to have to get a degree in computer science to browse cat videos.
Oh yeah, little Mr Knowitall here knows all about it. He don't need no medical degree or any knowledge about the subject at hand. He just thinks it's wrong cos it's, like, mutilation and that's, like, wrong man. Only things he thinks are real are actually real. Edit: on reflection, this is hardly the most sophisticated comment I've ever made so I'll try again. Fifteen years ago, you'd have been banging on about how wrong it is to empower gay people to follow their perverted lifestyle instead of helping them overcome their urges and become healthy straight people. Fifty years ago, you'd have been saying how wrong it is to empower mixed race relationships instead of encouraging people to form healthy relationships with their own kind. 100 years ago you'd have been wittering on about how women shouldn't be empowered to think they should vote and how much happier they would be if they stayed in their natural subservient place in society. 300 years ago, you'd have been saying that the idea that the negro should be empowered to seek freedom is wrong and they are much happier in their natural subservient roles as slaves. The specific bigotry may change but the bigots never do.
Despite what I've heard, it seems he may well have done a *few* things wrong.
You should (or rather, shouldn't depending on your perspective...) watch a film called The Grey Zone. Never has a film upset me or haunted me more. I once explained the plot to someone in an A&amp;W and we both just started crying. Even now, I don't want to think about it too much because it was just too traumatic. Felt like a little piece of me died after watching it.
Drill and replace gets you more cash than two minutes of picking. Why undercut themselves?
Polishing the pink bishop.
Don't come the raw prawn with me mate!
&gt;One started a very successful adult athletic organization. Tinder?
OKCupid?
The thing that I love about this fact is that the only way it make sense if people also played horseball. Association Horseball. Rugby Horseball. American Horseball. Canadian Rules Horseball. Aussie Rules Horseball. Gaelic Horseball. How different the world could have been :-(
UPISSEDS
You make a good point at the end. Been to lots of places in the world and the best tended to be multiethnic neighbourhoods. Always vibrant, friendly and lively and, damn, the cooking smells! The dullest places were the completely white neighbourhoods, which usually resembled the Edward Scissorhands suburb. Dull with dull people leading dull lives. Variety makes all the difference.
I think it's more that white people make bad neighbours...
&gt;no evidence of that theory I love people like you because you're so easy. I can have discussions about philosophy or science and it's hard to prove a point. But you, you sir, are just great because it's like shooting racists in a barrel. Nothing like an easy win to start the day off: http://m.sgo.sagepub.com/content/5/1/2158244015573359.full
Well, that sucks. Guess it's always hard being the first.
That's exactly what I don't get. Star Trek wasn't a terrible film but it just wasn't Star Trek. Abrams had the opportunity to create a new franchise, a new Star Trek, but chose to butcher the old one for marketing purposes.
Erm, you said there was no evidence. I provided evidence. Thus what you said was wrong.
Like my mom you mean?
I've been pronuncing it wrong the whole time.
I really liked the first series but the second felt nowhere near as good. Just not as funny and much more clichéd.
So grunts can't fucking drive in California?
&gt;"lyrics" for the theme song that were never used Never used? I think I remember them being aaaaahhhhhAAAAAhhhhHaaaaaaaa
&gt;I have a first/second date...I'm already totally head over heels. ?
Listen kiddo, if you don't want to be called racist, there is an easy solution. Stop being racist.
It's actually very simple. When people buy your products, you get money, thus it is very important that they pay up. When you buy products from other people, it *costs* you money. Thus paying is very unimportant and to be avoided if at all possible.
My Googles isn't working, can you help?
Can't speak for the US but in the UK this is commonly known as the "Proceed Directly To Jail" business approach. It's very successful, assuming that your aim is to end up in jail.
You joke, but I worked for a company that, for various reasons, had a client company's power bills. These people ran very power intensive businesses and their bills were huge, hundreds of thousands a quarter. Did they pay on time? Did they fuck. The company won't cut them off because then they will pay but take their business elsewhere. So the power company just waits until they decide to pay...
I have to have my head under nine pillows before I can get a wink of sleep
Don't listen to this dude, the IRA are a terrible investment. You'd be much better off investing in a growth terror group like ISIS. Even some of the newer Asian groups would be a better bet in terms of a five-year return.
That's not the rationale though. Those subs were banned because they were harassing people ie doxxing etc. They were not banned for their content. If you want to start a new sub hating fat people, feel free, you'll have no problem doing so, *as long as you don't use the sub to harass people*.
I'm reasonably certain that everyone other than me on reddit is a child.
Don't understand this at all. There is a clear and objective criteria. It's very simple and it is laid out in terms a child could understand: Don't use a sub to harass people. That's it.
No one has been banned for their ideas. The subs were banned for their *actions*, in harassing and doxxing people. You can *say* whatever you like but you cannot *do* whatever you like.
You can blame individual users as much as you like but the sub failed to properly moderate itself. There was harassment and there was doxxing and the mods did nothing. The lesson here is that it is perfectly fine to run as ugly and hate-filled a sub as you like as long as you're not harassing or doxxing people. Likewise, if you are harassing or doxxing people, your sub will get banned no matter the content. If r/askscience started doing the same, they'd be gone too.
You mean like a tracker fund? Good thinking, spread your investment out to minimise risk and smooth the returns.
&gt;it is illegal to use a business as an intermediary for an individual to buy from a distributor Isn't that, well, exactly what a business is supposed to do?
*check it out dude, I'm gonna do a sick worm on this guy's chest!*
So what you're saying is that I need to talk more?
This wasn't related to D&amp;G was it by any chance? Edit: probably not. I'm trying to be sufficiently vague so as not to identify you, but did it relate to Prince Phillip?
I'm outraged by this. Surely they could have just rolled the guy under a row of seats and had the cleaners clear it up afterwards instead of ruining the film for everyone else. Literally the most selfish thing I've ever heard.
That sounds like a really sophisticated way to say that you can unsuperglue your fingers with warm water.
BestBlow
A
It's actually very simple. The person who posted it came here to make the same comment as OP. But OP got there first. Should the latecomer simply post their comment as a new thread or repeat the original reply? Of course not, that would make no sense. But they would still like to contribute and show they also think the same so they reply with "came here to say this". What they are really saying is "I agree". No idea how so many people get confused by this, it seems trivially easy to understand.
I remember that time I ate too much popcorn and had terrible constipation. I was so glad I had the right horse.
So, what you're saying is that my brain self-removing hobby might nut beee sqch aas Re object j ed jfjejshhdj
Or, for our US readers, it's very SNES-y right now.
Sure, you're absolutely right. I'm off to play pick up my basketball bat and enjoy a nice game of ice field hookey.
Well, I don't know how *straight* it is...
When I typed A this is exactly what I was hoping for!
Otherwise known as the single most disappointing beach in the history of mankind...
It is incredibly disappointing. Internationally famous, symbol of Australia and all that, right? It is a teeny strip of sand with a few cafes. Might be a good surfing beach but as a destination it is terrible. Went there with the intent of spending a whole day there and left after about twenty minutes. It's that bad... Edit: exactly the same problem with Surfrider Beach in Malibu. Amazing reputation but it is a dirty strip of sand next to a water treatment plant. Shockingly bad. I think the problem is that these places need their reputation in order to be anything more than another small strip of sand. So they oversell what they have.
Reports of my fame have been greatly exaggerated.
This is the bit I couldn't get around. If you can determine that you are now a different gender to the one you had at birth then why can't you do the same for ethnicity? Presumably this woman felt black. So why can't she be black?
Well, I agree with you about people being born a certain way. I just believe the some people are born with biological features that don't match the rest of them. They aren't changing the *way* they are, they're just changing the outward *manifestations* of the way they are. But I completely agree about the logical inconsistency.
But if I was an American and I moved to Canada and loved the place and felt Canadian and got involved in Canadian rights and tried to promote Canada and everyone just assumed I was Canadian but I just never took the exam, would I really be doing anything that wrong in portraying myself as Canadian?
But that's a cultural history. And this woman clearly feels culturally black. If a black kid in Brooklyn can identify with people taken on slave ships hundreds of years ago, why can't she?
That's the thing. Imagine if someone was forced to resign for pretending to be white. I don't think that would be seen as acceptable.
But why not?
I work for a large credit card company. I have to remember about 12 different passwords that change every month. The only way I can do this is by saving them in an excel file on my desktop, which entirely defeats the point of having them in the first place.
*was* the working title...
Well, the power of Christ will be compelling *something*...
Using the Manhattan project as example of secrecy is a bit of a mistake. The Soviets had worked out that the US was trying to build a nuclear weapon by 1942 ie the year that the Manhattan project started and had successfully infiltrated the project a mere year later. Not to mention that thousands of people were aware of the project, they just didn't know what it was for. For example, staff were checking clothing with gieger counters but they had no idea what they were actually doing. This works fine in 1943 where no-one had any idea about this sort of thing but i think that an airforce mechanic asked to dispose of a jet or an army soldier asked to gun down a bunch of passengers two weeks after 9/11 would probably figure out something fishy was going on. Less than a dozen people knew the full intent of the Manhattan Project and the Soviets still knew about it and had infiltrated it in a year. Thousands of people would have had to known the full extent of a US government conspiracy over 9/11 for it to have had any chance of success. The idea that every single one of these people would have kept their mouth shut for fifteen years is so far from reality it's laughable.
It actually didn't work. The Soviets had infiltrated the project by 1943.
The fine will impact their stock price. It will make it go up. We know this because the company's share price went up following the announcement. Why? The market thought it would be worse. This is good news for AT&amp;T, not bad.
For what it's worth, alcoholism is an illness. I can understand him being angry for being lied to but *alcoholism is an illness*. I could even understand breaking up with you because of problems caused by your drinking or if the lies were ongoing. But for you to all but overcome your illness, to show the commitment and effort you have and for him to still break up with you? As the child of an alcoholic, more so than anyone, he should understand that life just isn't as simple as he would like it to be. He should be praising you, not criticising you. I hope you find someone more understanding next time.
You're not wrong. But alcoholism is an illness. It isn't simply as easy as just not drinking and it's not comparable to pretending to be a Christian. Imagine if we took a similar approach to other illnesses? *My father suffered from depression so I can't date anyone that does*...five years later...*OMG you have depression, this is utterly outrageous and I'm dumping you immediately for lying to me*. I'd hope most half-decent people wouldn't be so lacking in compassion.
It's ironic because he's now doing eighteen years for possession of a firearms while under the influence of drugs and possession of drugs and also for the theft of a few dollars. *Eighteen years*. It's a fucking joke.
Praying to the Lord, eh? Pretty sure that's a sign of lupus.
Jeez, she just wants to fuck the guy in an alley, no need to call her a dumpster...
Overmedication is a genuine problem but add absolutely is a illness and appropriate medication absolutely can help.
It always makes me slightly sad when I see this kind of reply, because it shows how far we still have to come when dealing with mental health problems. An alcoholic is not fully responsible for their actions and it's not reasonable to judge them on the same criteria as other people. I have a close friend who is an alcoholic and he regularly becomes very very ill as a result. When this happens I sit with him and he swears that it's not worth it and that this time he's going to quit. This is the time he going to change. And he means it. He's absolutely committed to doing this. And yet two weeks later he's drinking again. Is this really his choice? Because if he had the choice, the genuine sane rational ability to chose to act in his own self-interests, he wouldn't choose to piss his life away in a bottle. And you can make it as much as you like about his own personal failings and how he could stop if he really wanted to and how if he cared about others then he would stop and it's bullshit. The reason he drinks isn't because he doesn't care. He drinks because he's addicted and he can't control himself, not in the way you think he can. The parallel to depression is that people often have the same belief. *"Oh, just cheer up, life's not that bad! What have you got to worry about?"* As if it were that simple. As if they have control over it. Same deal with alcohol. Imagine you are OP. Your boyfriend is telling you that if you don't stop drinking, it's over. So of course you say you'll stop. Why wouldn't you? You love him and the drinking isn't really an issue. Besides, you can stop anytime you like, tomorrow even. So you'll just hide it a bit. It's only a white lie anyway. Only, you can't stop. You keep drinking, not because you want to or to hurt your boyfriend but because you actually can't stop. To add to this, alcoholism is an especially insidious disease because it tells you that you don't have a problem. You ever hear the line the first and hardest part of overcoming alcoholism is recognising you have a problem? It's not just a line. I could understand breaking up with her if he'd found out at this point - not everyone can handle someone with this kind of problem. But OP handled it already. She recognised she had a problem. She cut down massively on her drinking ages ago and is working on stopping entirely. The problem he is dumping her for is a problem she solved already. He should be supporting her, praising her for her strength in dealing with this and being understanding of why she lied about it previously. Instead, he leaves her. What an ass. Many people, especially on reddit and especially the younger crowd, like to see life as so black and white, like the solutions to life's problems are just so freaking obvious. *her problem is she drinks so she should just solve all her problems by stopping drinking, job done, what's her problem?* The reality is that life's problems are not so easy to solve. You think nearly 100k people a year would die in the US due to alcohol-related diseases if stopping was as easy as just wanting to? Life is all shades of grey and expecting people to be perfect and rejecting them if they are not is setting yourself up for a lifetime of sadness and disappointment. Edit: just to address one other point - you blame her for lying but you don't seem to recognise that her lying was simply another symptom of her illness. It's intrinsic and you cannot blame her for it without blaming her for the illness.
Didn't say you did but you're being very disingenuous. The comment you replied to said that a 9/11 conspiracy could never have worked because of the number of people involved. You contradicted that statement by claiming the Manhattan project as an example of the government successfully keeping massive undertakings secret. Its difficult to see how that could be seen as anything other than a statement supporting the possibility of a 9/11 conspiracy and it was this that I was challenging, on the basis that the Manhattan Project was neither kept especially secret not for any length of time. If you actually meant something different, then I have no idea what that could possibly have been. What were you trying to say?
It's difficult for me to reply to every point you make because I'm on my phone. Obviously there is treatment available for alcoholism. But if it is as simple as you make out, then why are there still alcoholics? Are the people who don't seek treatment or seek treatment but fail just personal failures? We should just toss them to the side because they can't muster up the strength to overcome their problems? To illustrate my point, you reference CBT as a panacea. Yet CBT is ineffective in the vast majority of cases. It works for a small number of people for a small amount of time. Simply looking it up in Google would have told you this. MET, which you seem to believe works, has a very small effect. Almost everyone that participates gets no benefits from it. There is no effective treatment for alcoholism. I think it's very obvious that you have zero experience of alcoholism or of mental health in general. You say that my views are very 1980s? Your belief in personal responsibility, your inability to understand that alcoholics find it very hard to seek treatment or even recognise that they have a problem and your touching faith in the medical profession to solve all problems is about as 1950s as it gets. It's outdated, it's naive and it's wrong. Edit: I missed the line where you said you are a social worker. You've probably been taught that what you believe is true. It isn't. Many many social workers have the belief that personal responsibility is the solution. It isn't. Believing this will do nothing but hamper your ability to help people.
I think I saw your mother in a film like that.
Unlike, say, Germany. They certainly weren't utterly flattened during world war 2 and they certainly didn't suffer a higher per capita death rate than the Soviets! No siree. And they certainly weren't half ruled by the Soviets until the 90s. Given this, it's amazing that they've been such a massive economic failure.
It would have to be a trilogy. Had the wall not come down, I'm sure it would have been done.
Every conversation I have with a social worker always ends up like this. A profound belief in your correctness twinned with complete ignorance of the subject at hand seems to be a requirement of your profession and it's especially bad with the newbies, fresh out of college and full of the invincibility granted by a term's worth of study of therapeutic models taught by someone with no medical training at all. Still, some of them do get better with experience. Hope you're one of them.
So it wasn't the invasion but rather the economic handling of the aftermath of the war? Which is what we're all saying.
That has to be the single funniest thing I've ever read. Geography must have been very confusing, what with you constantly yelling about maps not being facts and Greenland can border South Africa if you want to it to!
This is exactly the sort of lip that results in us fucking up your potatoes.
I feel ride if I don't reply. I asked a question, someone replied and I just ignore them?
I think putting the bits into a flashlight case would make it easier.
I'm no lawyer but I'm reasonably certain that law is unconstitutional. Not even the police are allowed to shoot escaping people unless there is a threat to life thanks to Tenessee vs Gardner.
The sick bastards. It's not even like the head is the best bit of the cow!
So why not apply that rule to every offence? If choosing to commit an offence is justification for killing the offender, why can I not fire RPGs at speeders near my house? Why can I not burn my neighbours alive for playing music after 11pm?
You love hearing people die? I mean, I disagree with you about the rationale but surely you regard this as a necessary evil rather than something you love? It freaks me out when people say they 'love' someone being killed.
Jeez, you're a sick fuck. I get they were criminals but nothing of value? These people had parents and family, you think they didn't suffer? You think they didn't value their lives?
You're not wrong. Reddit is batshit crazy. Police kill someone = fuck the evil dirty pigs. Private citizens kill someone = YAY!! I can't wait for an off duty police officer to kill someone in these circumstances, the cognitive dissonance will make these twisted bunnies heads explode...
What makes this so hilarious is that if the plainclothes police officer that turned up in time to watch this sick fuck murder two people had got there slightly earlier and done exactly the same thing, reddit would be flipping its shit about the dirty murderous pigs.
What? If you'd actually read the article, you'd have seen that he didn't even know the neighbours, much less having been asked to watch the house.
That's just a silly argument. 36k people a year die on the roads in the US, you are far more likely to die in a car crash than burgle a house and be shot. You take a far far greater risk with your life every time you get behind the wheel than you ever could burglarising a texans house. Does this mean your death doesn't matter? That you don't value your life? After all, if you did, you wouldn't take these types of risks, right?
Interestingly, these are all things that the US has also done, only we don't call *that* terrorism...
Erm, actually plenty of people moan about the Sauds. It's a very common topic of conversation.
But they may be planning on killing someone later. If the test is what someone may do, I can pretty much kill anyone I Iike!
Well, this would actually be the logical conclusion to what the homicidal nuts in this thread seem to believe...
I agree that taking risks is bad but I disagree that taking risks means you don't value your life. The guy doing 100mph isn't doing it because he doesn't value his life. He's doing it because he thinks nothing will happen. He's making a poor judgement of the risks, much like the burglars did. All human life has value, no matter what someone has done. But I get the sense that you probably don't agree with OP that *nothing* of value was lost. Even if you think the guy was justified, you seem altogether too reasonable to relish it as much as OP. Hope you have a nice weekend too :-)
You're the one saying you love death. I think the hyperbole is justified.
I'm buying this book and I don't care that it doesn't exist.
And now I want her to write a book from the viewpoint of his cock.
I know exactly where you're coming from. I've got a friend who is racist, awesome guy, cares about people, looks out for you and I've known him for nearly fifteen years. We established the fact that he is racist rather early on together with the fact that I never ever want to hear any of that shit mentioned around me ever under any circumstances or we are going to have serious words. If he kept bringing it up all the time we wouldn't be friends but it's not come up for years.
This is probably the most reasonable approach to a painfully complicated topic I've ever read.
So anyone without value can be killed because it benefits society? This sounds awfully familiar: http://www.theholocaustexplained.org/ks3/life-in-nazi-occupied-europe/non-jewish-minorities/disabled/#.VYTMm-lwbqA
So you do love death. People like you worry me.
&gt;Abs and luck saved this driver So I should do some crunches before I drive in the wet?
I second the pav tab, it's not classy but it's fun and cheap.
They cast the demon out of their money?
I generally think of tits as on or off. That gets on my tits. I'm boiling my tits off.
So the holocaust was only wrong because it killed people of value? If it had just killed people like this you'd have been OK with it? The difficulty with that argument is that it is the people doing the killing that get to decide who has negative value. I pretty sure the Nazis felt the same way about the Jews as you do about these people.
The drums, the drums of the deep. They are coming.
I don't think his roles in Donnie Brasco and Pirates of the Carribean are remotely similar characters.
&gt;to help playerz read product labels That sounds kinda sweet.
THESE PRETZELS ARE MAKING ME THIRSTY!
I'm not entirely sure I agree. I think Obama has been a terrible president but he did do one thing and that was be the first black president. Prior to him, no one really thought there could be a black person in the Oval. After him, it's a lot easier to imagine. If that is his whole legacy then it's worth it. So I don't think there is anything wrong with voting for Obama just because he is black and I don't think there is anything wrong with voting for Clinton just because she's a woman. You may not get what you want this time but it is a huge leap forward to opening the field for the future.
Thank you so much for this. Like you say, I don't believe that this is the sort of thing that changes as a result of pressure from outside but it is terrible to sit nearby and just pretend nothing is wrong. But, similarly, it's so easy for him to feel attacked - he's already vulnerable and feeling criticised by a friend could make it even worse. I'm incredibly grateful for the advice and I'll see what happens...
Thank you. I agree that there is every chance he will fly off the handle as a defence mechanism but it's gotta be a price worth paying. The alternative is just to watch him slowly die.
I thought he had reached bottom but it seems he still has some way to go. Will see what happens...
I usually find threatening the police with physical violence usually resolves most disputes pretty quickly. They're very easily intimidated.
I think it's a bit more complex than that. There is likely to be a presumption that that you are aware of the contents of any bag in your vehicle. However you can rebutt this presumption. All this does is shift the burden of proof away from the police having to show you knew what was in the bag to you having to show that you didn't know.
If you think about it, having segregated shopping days is no different to to segregated changing rooms. You are still keeping men and women separate for cultural reasons.
This is the same justification that Saudis use. Woman have to be accompanied by a family member because otherwise they'll be harassed. It's for their own good.
You guys are weird. A young kids does something dumb and gets sent to prison *ahmahgahd dur justice system is retarded*. Different young kid does something dumb and doesn't get sent to jail *ahmahgahd dur justice system is retarded*. Make your mind up. Either we throw the book at kids or we don't.
Your complaint here is essentially that some people have found a way of providing furniture cheaper than you can. I feel for people who lose their jobs as a result of technological changes but the changes are still necessary. I have no hesitation in using my flush toilet despite the knowledge of all the nightsoil men that it put out of business. In terms of guarantees, if you buy from Amazon or use a credit card, none of the issues you mention would cause any problems at all. Certainly nothing that would justify paying 10x the price.
Funny you should say that... http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B004WN7ANG?me=&amp;ref=olp_product_details From what I've heard, they work a treat. If not, baby valium is a good alternative.
That's not actually true. Men see it as protecting women, both physically and in terms of their reputation. Women really aren't seen as being unable to control themselves. The only difference between the frat bros and the Saudis is the degree of protection needed. We have separate changing rooms because frat bros may harass woman. They have separate lives because their version of the frat bros may harass women. Same reason. It's just a question of scale.
I think you're probably right. But does that make it the wrong thing to do?
It's not about plausibility but burden of proof. The burden of showing that you didn't know rests with you rather than the police, meaning that you have to provide some evidence that you didn't know. Imagine a scenario where you are pulled over by the police. It's you and another dude and a bag with some coke. No other facts. In this scenario, there is no evidence to rebutt the presumption that you knew what was in the bag. So, if the burden of proving you didn't know resists with you, you're guilty. But if the burden of proving you did know rested with the police then you're not. It's all about who has to prove their case. This is simply shifting the burden of proving it from the police to the suspect. If you have a plausible reason, the police will have to prove that reason wrong before they can charge you. If you don't have a plausible reason then *you* have to prove you didn't know.
Again, I'm sorry the bottom fell out of your industry but raging against the dying of the light ain't gonna help. Amazon can sell your product for a lot less than you can, delivery included, and I'm not going to pay more for a bed just to keep you in business. In terms of credit cards, a) pay it off immediately and b) if it breaks five years down the line then I don't give a toss if Amazon is out of business cos my credit card company just gives me the money back. &gt;have you finished high school yet Many years ago, which was also the time I stopped working retail jobs...
Well, the law isn't saying you're guilty, it's saying that certain facts are assumed to be true unless you can show they're not. There are lots of offenses where guilt is assumed based on a set of facts. For example, if you get caught fucking a 13 year old, you have to prove that you thought she was over sixteen rather than the police having to prove you knew she wasn't. If you can't do that then you're guilty, regardless of whether you actually did know. I actually do know a reasonable amount about the law, having a degree in it. It's not a US law degree mind so I can't comment on the actual law relating to drugs found in vehicles in your jurisdiction (although it does seem likely given that this is how that law works in mine) but this is more me trying to illustrate how presumptions can shift the burden of proof in criminal cases and that it isn't the malign deal it might appear.
Fuckin' magnets, how do they work?
Is it possible you're confusing sequencing with matching?
I don't think it's a sin to eat if you don't know about it.
Because it's a presumption of a fact and the presumption can be rebutted.
This is an Excelent pun thread.
No, they loved it. Made the water all warm.
Still send her the bill though.
I'm loosing the tigers!!
Looser.
Goddamn women shitting in the trash can.
Thank you for this. It's good to know that this might have made a difference for you. I hope it does for him...
I will do exactly that. He can be quite angry at times and this might make angry, but this is still the right thing to do. Thanks for the advice.
I have very little hope that it will make a difference but at least we won't be pretending nothing's wrong.
If you want a fun conversation, try discussing the sovereign citizen and freeman movement with a true believer. The utter lack of rationality you need to believe things like that make it so I'm not surprised they blow shit up...
In all honesty, who hasn't been a *little* aroused by a woman shitting in another woman's mouth?
How would that work? If I understand correctly, they pay you for the electricity you return to the grid. If you installed lights then these would increase your power usage by more than the extra amount you returned as a result of the lights, so the amount of electricity you'd sell would be less than before and you'd lose money. The only way to do this would be to have your neighbours set up lights off their power supply and you have the cells. That way you can take the electricity from your neighbour, launder it through your solar cells and then resell it back to the company. Even then, you're still only getting 10 - 15% efficiency, so you'd still be losing money because you may be selling each kilowatt hour for $0.55 but you're using 10 kilowatt hours to generate it at a cost of $1.10.
With a nice chianti and some fava beans?
Kinda works better with WELL YOU'RE FUCKED NOW!!!
On bond Street but it'd be an odd place for a date...
Can't legislate for the mind but legislating for actions is surprisingly easy. Even staunch gay haters tend not to want to go to prison for their beliefs.
Bambi was a boy, right? If he liked single bucks, he must be well pleased with this decision.
They're a bit racist, underfunded, prone to incivility and unnecessary arrests and often as thick as a short plank. But they're way better than the numerous thugs in uniform you get in the US. I doubt most US police officers would last five minutes in a British police force without being shitcanned.
They're fine for you. But there are certain requirements that UK police have to follow that US police don't. Failure to follow these would probably result in prosecution. Obvious areas would be use of force and police pursuits. No matter how good the US officer is, following the training they get would result in a completely unlawful outcome.
It's more than UK police have a lot of legal requirements that US police don't. As an example, it seems the US has a lot of police shootings involving mentally ill people. These are often considered legitimate shootings because the officer was defending himself against a threat. This applies even if the officer instigated the conflict. In the UK, an officer that placed himself in a situation where he was forced to shoot a mentally ill person would be dismissed and prosecuted, unless he had done it to protect someone else's life. Likewise with police pursuits - all pursuits must be authorised by a senior officer and must be abandoned if unsafe. This leads to things like a total ban on the pursuit of motorcycles because the risk is too great. The reasoning is that, no matter the offence, the suspect's life takes priority over arresting him. There is just such a massive culture difference that a US-trained officer could never ever be compliant.
&gt;Two countries will colapse Is that like a double prolapse?
I adjust for this by downvoting every comment that doesn't have a score next to it
I'm sure I'm not alone in thinking the film would have been waaaaaaaay better if the main focus had been on a long and complicated employment dispute, resulting in arbitration and a confidential settlement. Just think of the drama inherent in HR meetings. Would have been some convincing Oscar bait.
Psst, this is why doctors recommend that you take your medication.
He was an executive producer because his production company, Jersey Films, was one of the two production companies involved. Whether he actually did anything himself, I've no idea but the company would have absolutely had a major role in the production of the film.
Appropriate username...
A joint savings account shouldn't be too much of a worry, unless it has an overdraft. If you're worried your ex will just take any money you put it, get a joint signatory account so you both have to sign, or a trust account managed by a third party.
Plus if you share a grandparent, you're at least cousins. Surely people are likely to know their cousins.
That's a paddling.
I used Mint when I lived in Canada, showed things like your total debt, net worth, interest rates and stuff like that. Made it very easy to keep on top of things.
No, it was completely staged. I saw a comment a while back from someone who works as a producer and they pointed out a whole bunch of shit that made it very obvious it was staged.
Still saves money though. Providing housing, with related support services, saves a ton of money per homless person compared the broader costs of crime, healthcare, etc associated with not providing these services. It's a false economy.
The very model of a modern major-general.
It's a widely recognised fact. This article illustrates just a few examples, there are many many more. http://www.citylab.com/housing/2015/05/the-case-for-giving-homes-to-the-homeless/392696/
It's not my ass: http://www.citylab.com/housing/2015/05/the-case-for-giving-homes-to-the-homeless/392696/ Took me about four seconds to find that on Google. Maybe pull your finger out of yours?
That would actually be a great film. Matt Damon is an emotionally damaged safe cracker, struggling to deal with his demons and overcome his irresistible urge to rob people. Robin Williams helps him, overcoming his own demons on the way, climaxing in an emotional scene where he repeats "it's not your vault, it's not your vault" until Matt Damon breaks down crying.
I've actually never watched it (apart from a few minutes here and there) and every time I get slightly tempted I just have to read bits like this from the Wikipedia entry (SPOILERS OBVIOUSLY): &gt;Meanwhile, Ben travels with John to see Jacob, the island's leader. John enters his house but finds Jack's dead father, Christian, who says he can speak on Jacob's behalf, and orders John to "move" the island. Ben takes John to an underground station in which time travel was researched. John becomes the new leader of the Others, while Ben moves the island by turning a giant frozen wheel, after which he is transported to the Sahara Desert. It's so obvious they had the idea for a plane crash and they had no idea what to do next. No concept for what to do, no ideas for where to take it. I don't see how that sort of sub-high school creative writing essay could ever be something worth spending time watching. I wouldn't have been surprised if they'd finished and it turned out it was all a dream... Can't fathom how it was so successful and popular. JJ Abrams must have sucked a lot of dick to get it made.
This is obviously bollocks. It wasn't until 1988 that the paralympics were hosted by the Olympic host city. Prior to this, they usually happened in the same country but not the same venues Amusingly though, the 1984 paralympics was held in Stoke Mandeville in the UK (with some events in NY). The summer Olympic host that year? Los Angeles! Guess they must not have liked disabled people either... This is just cold war smear tactics.
I believe African-american peppercorn is a little more culturally sensitive.
But it's still saving money. Even if there an upfront costs, it still saves money in the long run.
I eat beef but I could fuck a cow without eating it, if it was appropriate in the situation.
Not an issue for me because I'm only using the return portion (I live in Brighton) but I do say that it probably breaches the T&amp;Cs. Caveat emptor and all that. However I have travelled this route thousands of times and have never once been asked to show my return portion when travelling up to London. The risk is miniscule. Edit: also, I'm doing this because it's cheaper than buying a single from London to Brighton and it does not breach the terms to only use the return portion.
Very good point - obviously it'll only work for day tickets, should have worked that out myself... Extra flexibility doesn't explain the price difference on day returns though. It's obviously just trying to gouge people travelling out of London, who are presumably less price sensitive.
Coming up as £17 for me but also a good point! Especially as travelling on the same train but getting on one stop later costs nearly twice as much!
But that's almost exactly what they did do, just the Mexicans instead of the US. Unsurprisingly it lead to 100k deaths and what is now tantamount to a civil war. It's a dumb strategy on every level. Legalise and regulate is the answer.
Bullshit, Batman the comic was based on a real person. They made a whole series of movies about him!
What? Gangs like the Mexican cartels exist solely *because* of the drug trade. If it didn't exist, neither would they. If I could walk into my local supermarket and buy a pound of uncut cocaine courtesy of Pfizer, what function would the cartels serve?
Yet another thing that makes no sense about train travel!
Obviously there will always be criminals but it's the scale that the drugs trade allows that makes it so deadly. A kilo of coke sells for, what, $25k? A single Mexican cartel can move hundreds of kilos at a time. This massive flow of cash allows them to fund huge criminal operations, buy politicians, police forces, military forces, weapons etc. You cannot make anything like as much from any other form of criminality. The returns are simply too low from prostitution or people smuggling to allow for the large-scale corruption that is driven by the drug trade and it is this that is so devastating. Legalising the drug trade would cut gang funding off at the knees, which would in turn prevent them from funding the corruption that large-scale organised crime requires to exist.
They commit crime to get drugs. Make drugs available on prescription to addicts. No need for crime.
Isn't that better than having them steal your car? Besides, drugs are incredibly cheap to make when legal.
Isn't that pretty much the reason for the second amendment? That people were supposed to keep arms to protect the government from crazies like this, not to allow them to overthrow it.
I thank people for their call. Even when I buying something from them in a shop.
Sure they do, just the wards are in doorways all over every downtown area in the country.
I think you'd also have to consider cutting and crush protection. Also surely the extra steel would add weight. If I run a dump truck into the side of a 1 ton car then the occupants would be thrown around inside as the car is knocked sideways. An 8 ton car wouldn't even move, it would be like a bicycle hitting a dump truck.
This is, to my understanding, completely wrong. If you are claiming that the goods are defective then you are claiming a contractual breach. Your contract is with the retailer, not the manufacturer, and so the retailer has the legal obligation to correct the breach by replacing the product or refunding you. The *retailer* would have a subsequent claim against the manufacturer, for they were also sold a defective product but this is nothing to do with you and the retailer cannot make you pursue the manufacturer. Nor can you, because you don't have a contract with them (outside of your warranty rights) and you cannot ask a court to enforce a contract when you are not a party to it. Retail stores deny this constantly because a) they don't tell their staff so they genuinely don't know and b) it's a lot easier for them to refer you to the manufacturer as they will replace it on a warranty basis (if it's still under warranty) rather than under a breach of contract claim. But I hate going through manufacturers warranties so making the store comply with their contractual obligations and refund or replace the defective item is a lot easier to do.
The gay sex helps too.
This is crazy. I mean, it's great that you have some system that might saves lives but the very notion that it's even needed is beyond insane. The idea that I'd need to have training to protect myself from someone shooting up my workplace, as if that's a real risk I'd actually have to face living in the UK, is terrifying. Gathering kids to throw stuff at attackers. Jesus. The US is a first world country, not Mogadishu. Why can't you fix this?
The need for a safety plan
So essentially what we're going for is a 'Free Guns For The Mentally Ill" program?
Surely not *all* of them... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jud_Süß_(1940_film)
This is very upsetting.
Bill Gates humiliates you until you snap and shoot him.
By 'bottle of wine' he means 'bottle that a tramp has pissed in'.
The difference would be that China will not commit troops to defend NK, while the US would commit troops to defend SK. The war would be over in days. It would be like a bear beating up a kitten, only with a lot more dead malnourished North Koreans...
The reunification of Germany almost destroyed the former West German economy and the economic gulf between the Koreas is vastly greater. It would cost trillions upon trillions and the south just can't afford it.
It was a success. And it benefited both counties in the long term. But it has cost $2.5 trillion to make it a success. http://online.wsj.com/articles/after-fall-of-berlin-wall-german-reunification-came-with-a-big-price-tag-1415362635 And that was from a much more level playing field. The difference between NK and SK is vastly greater than the difference between the two Germanys
The reunification of Germany cost £2.5 trillion and thr West only had 10x the GDP of the East. SK has 40x the GDP of NK, it has no industry, no capacity to feed itself. Trillions is a conservate estimate.
I may have been guilty of some hyperbole. If you want to read the article, just Google the title and click the link and it'll allow you to view it.
Noooooos, we have a 45% top tax rate and the effective top rate is even higher because you start to lose your personal allowance when your income reaches a certain level. Plus we have National Insurance contributions and have a 20% sales tax. You pay a piddling amount of tax compared to us, which explains why so much of your national infrastructure is so underfunded. Edit: you mean corporation tax. Oops...
You should pay a level of tax, fairly distributed by ability to pay, that allows the state to provide the services required to have a well-run society
Source?
I agree with you and think your last paragraph hits the nail on the head. So often in this debate, it descends to one side shouting "look at the bad things immigrants do" and the other side saying "it has lots of benefits" and both miss the point. Like anything, there are positives and negatives to immigration and attempting to reach a conclusion about whether the positives outweigh the negatives is futile because it entirely depends on your perspective. It's also completely irrelevant. Immigration, especially with refugees, should be allowed because it is the right thing to do. We have an obligation to help others and damn whatever the consequences may be. We can help and so we should. It's as simple as that.
I think though the problem is that you or I know that but your average Joe suspect may not have such a nuanced interpretation of the law. For them, they may understand the caution very differently and believe that they have to come up with a story immediately or they're screwed in court. The fact that this isn't true and the fact that a lawyer will tell them this isn't true won't help them if they immediately misunderstand and say the wrong thing without asking for a lawyer first.
Seriously, I have Google set as my homepage but if I want to use bing I type bing into the search bar, hit return and click on the link. It's quicker than typing .com at the end.
It's just silly to demand a fixed number. Do you apply the same logic to your salary? Would you be happy if your boss demanded an absolute number that you would accept for the rest of your life? Does this work at the grocery store? "I DEMAND TO KNOW AN ABSOLUTE FIGURE FOR ALL MY FOOD NEEDS, I CANT COPE WITH IT CHANGING!!" And people wonder why you can't have a serious debate about tax...
That depends entirely on your income. If you're poor, you should pay a much lower percentage than if you're rich.
It seems like this goldfish has a pretty miserable life. Have you considered getting him some goldfish hoovers and coke? Edit: that's supposed to be hookers but I like the idea of buying a goldfish a hoover so I'll leave it.
It's the sequel where Holden becomes a gay prostitute in return for whisky.
&gt;...overkill for an annoying tourist In fairness, I imagine that once you bayonet one, the rest tend to settle down a bit.
We all have the right to detain criminal trespassers. No need to be a police officer for that.
I played field hockey against my school's girls first team; I was 14 and in what was effectively the C group for my age in sports, so the nerds, fat kids etc. We beat their ass so easily it was embarrassing.
But it's still wrong to suggest that is what the wnba should do. It's saying that women's sports can a) only be worthwhile as visual events to titillate the crowd and b) should only appeal to men. If you want to go see scantily clad attractive women, there's plenty of opportunities for that without making sport about it too. I'm sure soccer would be more popular if David Beckham had played naked but that doesn't remotely make it a good idea.
Inception 4: Inception 1
&gt;Meyow Meow. Can't you even speak cat??
I only speak catalan.
It's weird to think trees were the dominant life form in this period, affecting the climate in the same way we do now.
Theme song: Simply The Breast
I adopt the same argument with machetes. I walk around everywhere with two blood-stained ones, as is my right, to ensure that the general public become desensitised and don't panic when they see them.
Buses, buses as far as the eye can see...
I went to Rome over Xmas and didn't like it all. Yes, it is very pretty but it has the feel of a poorly laid out museum, surrounded by endless tatty gift shops. I like museums but I don't want to live in one for a week. Despite being so historic, it felt incredibly fake. Plus the food was generally very poor. Despite making every effort and spending a reasonable amount, only had one half-decent meal the whole time.
I got 'Loverly Jubberly' a lot in Egypt.
It's ironic how much time you spend whining about people in India being rude and yet you seem pretty rude yourself. Sauce for the goose and all that... For what it's worth, in the 1980s, we in the UK used to have lots of fun beating the shit out of Indian immigrants while calling them pakis. Most countries round the world treat them as borderline sub-human slaves. I imagine this is probably a lot worse than being stared at so maybe you should count your blessings that Indians are a lot friendlier to you then the rest of the world is to them.
And poor-quality ukuleles. What's up with that??
"Why yes, this *is* uncut cocaine, about 4kg, but the guys in LA said it would be OK?" "Guess the guys in LA know best. Welcome home sir"
There's also an airport. The sole reason most people go there...
There is a royal terminal. As in, a whole terminal for the use of the royal family and no-one else.
U wot m8?
If I give you $50 will you uncall it?
They pay him in horse-drawn taxis?
These are people who have come from war zones. These kids have had horrific experiences, seen their homes destroyed, lived in refugee camps, travelled in the back of lorries. They've probably experienced violence and sexual assault. It's no wonder that they're damaged and that leads to exactly this kind of thing. They're kids. They need help.
I'd agree it's just like the Irish and Italian immigrating to the US. It's almost like the same language is used to make the same accusations, just against q different marginalised group. People really have no sense of history.
You do realise the euro is the currency not the people, right?
This is the topic of discussion. You're outraged about something that you see as rude and yet intensely relaxed about other people finding you rude. You expect others to modify their behaviour to fit your preferences and yet refuses to modify your behaviour to fit theirs. Essentially, you're a hypocrite.
I'd hardly call your mother a woman but she still does a brisk trade down at the truck stop.
I've thought for a while that one way to defeat ISIS would be to have a large swarm of reconnaissance drone over eg ramadi. They watch everyone and when they see a fighter they follow him until he's a confirmed bad guy but instead of dropping a bomb they drop a kidnapping drone that tasers him, grabs him and flies him to a ship in the med. Once you've grabbed a few hundred people, I imagine ISIS wouldn't be much of a problem any more...
"FUCK ME HARDER GRANDAD!!"
Girls driving. I don't know why, maybe something about seeing an attractive woman's doing something dangerous in a skilled responsible way?
Most of the euros I know sit patiently in my wallet.
I don't get this at all. I can understand being pissed that other people get better stuff than you but surely the logical solution is to demand the same for yourself, not attack them to try to get their food lowered in quality. It's the same with unions and stuff. Don't like that teachers get decent employment rights because of a powerful union? Don't attack them, demand the same!
And that's the criteria for helping people is it? That they've earned it? Or contributed in some way? Is this the same criteria you use a medical professional? "Sorry about your heart attack mate, but you've not paid enough taxes to deserve having your life saved".
And helping in an emergency is what we're doing. And are you really comparing food to trivial medical needs? What are trivial medical needs?
No whoman no cry.
I am thinking of dressing it up in various ways befitting the season.
In my Panda
He could also be doing HIF (high-intensity fidgeting). This would presumably be more effective as an exercise.
Bullshit, I fly much better after a few hits of meth.
It's better than what there was but it's still a sticking plaster over the gaping shotgun wound that is your healthcare system. All of these problems revolve around 'for profit' healthcare providers needing to get paid. In the UK, I don't need to speak to anyone or enroll or do anything. If I suddenly need healthcare then I head to my nearest hospital and they'll do anything I need, from give me an aspirin to a heart transplant, and it costs me nothing because it's all paid for via central taxation. And, despite having no need to pay a penny in health insurance, it still costs us less as a proportion of GDP. You've gotta remove the profit element before you get decent affordable healthcare.
It would be tonight. If you really needed it.
That is why you build a small tornado shelter for the sign.
Deutschland Deutschland, uber moonies.
&gt;Wan thyme, I ath a hoth pothet withouth letthing ith coolth
*There were a couple of honkies who up to no good, started making trouble in the plantationhood*
*Said you're being sold to the master's auntie and uncle in Virginiair*
Bombs made out of carpet?
I think history has shown that any kind of intervention only makes things worse. We fought Germany in WW1 which lead to WW2 and the holocaust and we fought Hitler and that lead to the Cold War and the near-destruction of the world twinned with brutal dictators worldwide and massive intervention in countries during proxy wars, not to mention the formation of Israel, which is the root behind much of the problems in the middle east. We won the cold war but it lead to large-scale state breakdown due to the previous interventions, such as Afghanistan, where our intervention lead to the formation of Al-Queda and subsequent terror attacks on the US (also inspired by US support for Israel). We invaded Iraq to remove a dictator we had previously supported with our prior intervention in the Iran-Iraq War, in a country that only existed due to WW1, and this lead to the the Arab Spring, which lead to a brutal civil war and the formation of ISIS. This is why I'm so opposed to military action. Even in the DRC, half the problem is the constant foreign intervention by its neighbours. Any one of these things seems a reasonable thing to do, even a moral imperative in the case of Hitler (because who could argue against fighting Hitler?), but yet everytime, the removal of the immediate problem led to a far greater longer term threat.
*sorry*
29 x 20 + 8 = 588. 588/7 = 84 4 x 20 + 7 = 87. Erm.....what do you expect, they're dogs!
Indeed. Look at this snuck in at the end: &gt;This crisis highlights the many dangers of allowing the government to maintain a monopoly on the water supply and calls attention to the fact that decentralized solutions to water distribution should be a goal that we start working towards. So, privatisation then. Because that always works...
At least they'd be warm
I'll give you $10
What's silly is that each extra minute costs £7 to approve. The BBFC made £420 an hour watching this, excluding the fees for submitting the film at all. They love this, and I bet they hope more people do it...
Oh yes indeeeeeeed!
It'll be simpler than that - the insurance company will be suing the family. The woman has zero choice but to cooperate, but has no control over the suit despite it being in her name. This is incredibly common and often leads to family members suing each other following accidents, which sounds terrible but is really just their insurance companies suing each other in a sort of proxy war. The people being outraged by this have no idea how insurance works.
It also utterly places liability for fraud on the card holder. If you have fraudulent charges and your bank knows you gave your details to someone else? You're not getting anything back.
It kinda looks like he's being fisted by the dude in the background and it's blowing his mind.
Look at the evidence. Lower inequality, which is what this leads to, can tend to lead to higher prices, as in the nordic countries but the overall benefit is positive. Life is more expensive but better for everyone.
Inflation is caused by an increase in the money supply. A minimum basic income does not increase the money supply, it simply redistributes that which already exists. So why would inflation be caused? Besides, even increasing the money supply has a minimal effect. The fed dumped $4 *trillion* into the money supply via quantitive easing and the result was? Not enough inflation. You could have given every US citizen $13k and it wouldn't have caused *enough* inflation. https://medium.com/basic-income/wouldnt-unconditional-basic-income-just-cause-massive-inflation-fe71d69f15e7#.p47xygjqn
From this very thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/4lvvai/im_paul_niehaus_of_givedirectly_were_testing_a/d3qrnp9
Not having much of an idea of living costs in the region, how that does that compare to current income? In other words, how much of a difference will the extra income make to their lives?
&gt;Other aspects of the act include...eliminating the exclusion of homosexuals under the medically unsound classification of "sexual deviant" that was present in the passage of the 1965 Act.
You could at least say sorry about the tea. What did it ever do to hurt you?
Jesus man, have some sympathy. The average hedge fund manager only makes $2.4 million a year, that's, like, not even enough for a boat if you've got to feed your bleeding family as well.
Aids isn't a sexual deviance...
So imagine I'm a Bolivian Del Boy. Why can't I buy a load of dollars with my pesos at the official exchange rate and then sell em back on the black market for muchos profit? Lovely jubbly!
Bowling balls. It's the only way.
Slightly off topic but how would this apply to, say, a teleportation device? If you teleported someone instantaneously from the equator to the north pole, would they shoot off into the distance due to the relative change in speed? And if they were stationary then would teleporting them to the equator destroy them from the immediate massive acceleration? I've always wondered this about the star trek transporter.
We should be promoting safe sex. That's it. No one gives a shit what consenting adults get up to in their bedrooms as long as they don't do in the street and scare the horses.
Hold on too that beaver!!
So. Safe sex then.
Indeed. I was expecting a "things have changed so much so quickly" type response. Turns out not much has changed at all...
Earthquakes too, dude, don't you listen in church??
It's possible to be both ignorant *and* stupid. Who are we to say that one should take precedence over the other?
Who's the Alamo Man? Like the Marlborough Man? I've obviously forgotten him.
It's not stupid if you're suicidal. Then it makes perfect sense to get drunk and attempt to have sex with a lion.
That's why you make up believable excuses. "Feeling sick"? Get the fuck out. Cornered in your bathroom by a bear for seventeen hours so you couldn't even call in? Who would make that up!
I really want to see someone do that clip of the woman with the hotdogs being thrown at her face, only it's your face instead of hers and it's little planes instead of hotdogs.
In fairness dude, all the tables have fucked your mum.
This is literally the only reason I've never got a tattoo, because I could never think of anything meaningful. I wish I had a thing for clownfishes :-(
Exactly! You should listen to this guy, he knows what he's talking about.
I'm not that knowledgeable about baseball but the field is the green bit, right? When did he go on that?
Oh shit, I missed before the zoom that the thing in front of him is actually on the field, I thought it was like another row of seats or something.
https://i.imgur.com/gallery/U42Sz Lies.
What the shit? The NHS is a publically owned company, it can't go bust unless the the country does.
I don't think you can just hand the shirt to someone in those circumstances. I think you'd have to flail it at them or least do some kind of sexy shirt dance around them.
Why the fuck are rabbits so touchy? Constantly being offended!
All this makes so much more sense now.
Still clinging on?
Dude. Seriously. Buy a dictionary. Look up the word bankruptcy. Check the word literally while you're there too. Realise you're an idiot.
It's not really. I mean, I can buy a 1.2kg rib joint for the equivalent of $5 and that'll provide meat for nearly a week.
Boris Johnson is American.
That's because it's a false argument. An increase in the supply of labour can depress wages but there are lots of causes for that. Choosing to highlight women as the cause says more about your beliefs than it does about the economic arguments.
Do you drive? I don't have a car and yet I subsidise your use of the roads. If you choose to drive, you should pay for your own roads.
Exactly. I've never understood this argument because of how self-destructive it is. "Everyone should have to fend for themselves, I don't want to pay for any one else's food, education, healthcare or provide any assistance in any way at all" *fifteen years later* "why are there so many unemployed and homeless people, why is there so much crime and drug abuse, why is our infrastructure so shit, why is the economy and the country so divided??" It's like they can't understand cause and effect.
She's pitching to be Trump's VP candidate but is concerned that she hasn't established herself as stupid enough yet.
&gt;Johnson was born on 19 June 1964[1] at the Clinic, a hospital on the Upper East Side ofManhattan in the city of New York.[2] His birth was registered with both the U.S. authorities and the city's British Consulate, and he was granted both American and British citizenship. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boris_Johnson
Vegetables are usually cheaper per kilo but you can pair a small amount of meat with a large amount of vegetables and the cost per meal is the same.
You could also make the case that Jews in the workplace suppress wages. Or black people.
Trump has done nothing but accidentally appeal to a really dense vein of stupid people. Don't flatter him with the notion that this was a plan. Edit: see also Sarah Palin.
Oh come on, you can't really believe that a) gas taxes are ring fenced for roads and b) that it provides enough to pay for them? Honestly...
Now renamed Lead, Michigan.
Yes. Trump is a fucking idiot and has just lucked out that there are enough other fucking idiots out there to support him. In response to your second point, yes, I do believe all Trump supporters are stupid. Why? For the same reason that all Hitler supporters are Nazis. It's an essential part of their make up. If they weren't stupid, they wouldn't support him.
I'm sure that Hitler supporters probably couldn't understand why people thought they were racist.
Having worked for a business that failed, focus on getting the fucking money in. The company I worked for assessed risks for various things. We'd get a potential customer call, we'd do our bit, it would go to our MD for him to do his and it would sit on his desk for a week. You'd ask him where it was and he'd say he was too busy. Eventually the customer would go somewhere else. Repeat until bankruptcy. If you're starting a business, revenue is key. If you have work to do that generates money, that should be all you do until that work is done. Then do your strategy meetings and shit.
I once walked into my old flatmate's bedroom and noticed a cucumber lying on the floor next to the bed. She, being an open sort, told me that her and her boyfriend had been using it as an anal dildo and pointed to the cum stains running up the wall as proof of how successful it had been. I think I must have looked a bit shocked because she hastily added that I could still use the cucumber if I wanted, she'd just need to wash the shit off it first.
It's a true story. She once also tried to lure me into a threesome with a Buddhist monk.
Fuck u snow. Man...
Any reasonable person would have unleashed explosive diarrhoea all over the manager's face while walking out the door laughing hysterically.
Nailed it.
You're an American, idiot. If you're going to pretend to be in SF, at least pretend to be a Seal or something.
I'm not pretending to know anything about it, SF is just easier to type on a phone.
I think it's because the military values the reputation of the military over everything. If you fuck up their rep, they will fuck you up so hard and who gives a shit if it's fair. The police are the exact opposite. If you fuck up then they will protect your ass over everything and to the exclusion of everything. Which I guess fits their ethos. The military is all about the greater good, the police all about the rights of the individual.
Except that when he complains about Amex cardholders getting priority seats? Tickemaster sell those seats too. Https://Www.ticketmaster.co.uk/Amex
It's closer if you have a car.
&gt;Reality no. 1: Tickets never go on sale when you think they do. &gt;The most thoughtful and analytical part of the Schneiderman report? All the work they did to examine not just how many tickets actually get put up for sale, but how they actually get sold. The on-sale process is like a mysteriously devastating airplane farter: tickets leak out little bits at a time, nobody can figure out where they’re coming from, and the whole thing reeks. Presales are privately and inconsistently announced to smaller groups of people who usually paid for access (like American Express cardholders or radio stations, for example). How is that not complaining about presales to select groups? He says it reeks. Yet the company he worked for participates in exactly this.
You realise until, like, the 1940s when everyone started using penicillin that lots of people just died of infectious diseases, right?
Butt predators.
I don't think it's selfish because you're giving in to a wish to die. I think it's selfish because of the pain it causes others. No one you know, no one who cares about you will ever be the same again. Their lives will be ruined. They will never think of you without sadness. No matter how bleak your life, when faced with the choice to deliberately inflict the worst kind of pain on those you love, in a way that can never be healed, never be explained? Surely that alone should be enough to carry on.
&gt;accidentally She knew what she was doing, that shit's binding man, she's allowed to leave you if you get poor.
It depends entirely on the customer. Somebody spends $20k a year on the card? His credit card company will write off probably $100 in charges minimum before asking him to provide any evidence of eg poor service for a restaurant.
You're allowed to use reasonable force to effect an arrest. What you described is not reasonable force.
Presumably there are specialist ones that comply with the rule by using an authentic food-safe baby?
Number of high-school girls slept with...
Actually, a life sentence in the UK does mean life. However, you have a minimum tariff set (unless the judge sets a whole life tariff) and can only be considered for release at the end of that tariff. If you are released, you are parolled on licence but you can be recalled to prison at any point if you break your parole licence conditions. In other words, you can serve seven years on a life sentence but be pulled back to prison ten years later if you do something wrong and not released again until you have demonstrated you are unlikely to reoffend again. Seems much better than many other systems.
I'm really not. A whole life order is one of the tariffs that can be set under a life sentence. The person I replied to said "a life sentence is around 15 years" which is wrong for the reasons I gave earlier. The average length has nothing to do with it.
They do if the credit card company writes them off, which for small charges and/or high spenders they automatically do. If they are written off they cannot reclaim it from the merchant.
For cost reasons. It actually does cost more than $1 to recover $1. If a customer disputes a lot of charges then the credit card company may go through the chargeback process for a small charge as a disincentive for future attempted chargebacks in the event that the customer is trying to exploit the system but otherwise? It's written off.
I can assure you that credit companies routinely write off small charges, especially for high spenders. I know this because I do this every single day. I must have done six or seven on Friday alone. You are making the mistake of thinking that because you see *some* small chargebacks that you see all of them. Also, you can't just submit a chargeback and win. Depending on the circumstances, the customer usually has to provide some evidence that a chargeback is justified before it will even be considered. For a small amount, it wastes my time, it wastes the time of the back office team that processes the supporting evidence, it wastes the customer's time and it wastes even more of our time if the merchant subsequently disputes the chargeback, fighting over a tiny charge, when you can simply give it back to them immediately and never have to think about it again. Being experienced with the retail side of taking payments does not mean you know what happens behind the scenes. Edit: also fraud charges and duplicate payments are dealt with differently. Edit 2: also, we can't charge you the fee if the customer subsequently fails to provide adequate support, so we're out of pocket in that situation anyway.
Colin Church was murdered. Ian Huntly has had boiling water thrown on his face and his throat slashed.
Pretty sure Al Capone wasn't an American Hitler. Was thinking more organised crime figures.
Which country?
So we're going going to punish OP for reposting via the medium of reposts. Some irony.
And how are you coping following your boyfriend's death?
The company that they lend their name is successful. I would imagine they know jack shit about anything business related. They pay people for that.
That's the effect of the current system but it's not what it proclaims to do nor should it be what it aims to do.
Which has never actually happened. Lots of people claim it could but it's never actually happened. Google it, find an example. You can't.
He got four years *after the local pd declined to bring charges so the US Attorney had to step in.* I mean, it's good he went to jail but it just reiterates how broken the justice system is that it took federal charges to send him there.
r/abrathatfits can help. I assume anyway, I don't have breasts myself.
Cor blimey, you as well?! Edit: I don't really understand the problem.
Tea and coffee are, to some extent, an acquired taste. If you really want to drink them regularly, just force yourself to drink four or five cups a day for about a week and soon you'll be trembling and breaking out into a cold sweat if you can't have your morning cup.
If the W had a lower density then many of the strings would have different densities along their length. I'm no expert when it comes to baseball rackets but I assume that would severely impact a player's ability to score a basket.
I can't smell my regular balls, let alone my underballs. OP must be one hell of a contortionist.
I spelt everything.
I think we fucked up your White House pretty good.
In the US, shooting dead a mentally ill person is seen as heroic by the police. In the UK, it leads to public enquiries and prosecutions and disciplinary action because there is an acceptance that a dead mentality ill person is usually the result of the police fucking up. Police have an obligation to end situations peacefully unless there is absolutely no other choice than to use force. However that seems to be corrupted in the US as using force as the first and only solution for all situations. It's an outrage.
*My lying liar of a client is about to tell some lies that he hopes get him off the charges he is so obviously guilty of. Enjoy the free laughter* That's fine though, right? Sticking to the right side of the malpractice line?
Are you not supposed to withdraw from the case if the defendent says something you know to be untrue?
Varies by jurisdiction. In England and Wales, if you suspect that your client is involved in money laundering then you must report him to the police or face being struck off and going to prison for up to 13 years, and you are forbidden to tell the client you've done this. Likewise if you have evidence of child abuse then you have to report that.
You have to report all future crimes. I believe there are only a few exceptions for past crime, probably because they are very clear evidence of serious future crimes to be committed. Money laundering is also because the solicitor may become unwittingly involved in it due to their role in financial transactions. It would seem absurd for them to be forced to be an accessory to a crime they could not report.
I think the thing is that they just want to get paid. If they jumped on everyone that reported an honest mistake then people would just try to hide their mistakes. Must better to encourage people to come forward voluntarily an save the tonne of bricks for people that hide.
Get a cashback credit card. 1.25% of all your spending for a £25 fee is a no brainer.
Looks wind assisted as well.
&gt;Despite that, he has more support from the public than any western leader. Don't you mean *because* of that?
But it appeals to them because they are being manipulated. You can't acknowledge the manipulation, accept that it causes the population to feel the way it does about their leaders and yet still regard it as a fair democracy. They may be choosing but it's not an informed choice. Incidentally, a criticism that can be levelled at the US.
&gt;There is no such thing as a fair choice Spoken like a true Russian. *we don't have something so let us pretend that it does not and cannot exist*
Dick.
I was thinking more of a Baby Shaft.
Erm, I think it's cheating if you use your wings...
Indeed. I find it outrageous that I was forced to wear clothes at all as a child. Despite my wish to resist my cultural programing and wear nothing, I was forced to comply with my family's insistence on respecting cultural norms and wear pants when I left the house.
The effect of those memberships means that the economy of Norway is as integrated into the EU as eg France. While it's not correct to say it's *part* of the EU, economically it is in everything but name.
I live on the Brighton edge of Hove, near brunswick square. Rents about £1200 a month upwards for a two bed depending on your standards, it's a nice attractive area, lots of nice pubs, restaurants and shops and close to everything, plus I can see the sea from my front door. About fifteen minute walk to Brighton station. Good neighbourhood to check out. Edit: And to answer your actual questions: 1. Could be tricky. Almost all places say no dogs but it's not likely you'll be checked on often, unless it barks. I know tonnes of people with pets so it must be doable..Probably have better luck with a private landlord than an agency. You'll save a lot of money that way too - agency fees can be hundreds of pounds. 2. Anywhere where you have a take a bus to the station. If you're in a rush on a commute then it can be a nightmare getting anywhere in a timely way, it's sometimes quicker to walk. Commuting to London is a pain in the arse by the way, I hope you're prepared for that. 3. Favourite: see above, plus Laines and North Lanes. Least? Moulscombe isn't great and Whitehawk should definitely be avoided. Lewes Road is cheap and studenty if that's what you want. 4. Don't rent with Homelets, they're bastards. Burger Brothers does the best burger, bar none. Avoid West Street on a Friday night. Try not to have *too* much fun.
Gumtree and some other sites do private landlords but it's just a question of searching. Can probably recommend some sites but being on my phone means a delay.
Look at Billy Big Bollocks here, deciding that killing is the solution. You'd fit right in with that Pakistani senator.
Honestly, if your recent responses had been all I got, I'd have enjoyed the discussion. It's a topic I enjoy and your replies haven't offended me at all. It's just after a while, being insulted and abused, told I'm a naive retarded troll and generally being told to fuck off, the pleasure kind of disappears. As ever with the police, it's the small visible minority that trashes community relations. That said, I'm sorry if I came across as rude to you. I just think that after the abusive messages I was being flooded with, I just went to default hostility. I'm only human but hardly helpful, I know. I still think you were wrong and that it's an important issue. Ask a local DA over a few beers what they think. But it's your issue, not mine, and I will follow the good advice of your colleagues and fuck off. Not a fun experience and I'll not be returning to this sub. And maybe that's for the best - i get the sense this isn't a place for non-leo.
Plus, it's bollocks. It's nice to pretend that people don't care about you as an excuse for not moderating your behaviour but the fact is that I regularly get pissed off about people being irritating around me. Why would I expect people to judge me less harshly than I judge them?
I know that and I didn't mean to imply you did. I'm not sure why I went off on tilt. There some kind of irony here that I was being slightly critical of you potentially overreacting to a real life person in a real life scenario where you could really be at risk, while simultaneously overreacting to somebody calling me names on a website. Makes it clear how easy it is to judge the actions of others and how hard it is to judge your own. I'm sorry I brought all this up. I don't even know what I was thinking butting into your life to tell you were wrong about something that doesn't affect me at all.
I think what is needed is transparency. If the New York Times published a op ed calling for death to all Muslims, it would be a criminal act. They could not publish it. But we'd know. We'd know what they wanted to say, we'd know they couldn't say, and we'd know why they couldn't. You are right that we can never agree on what constitutes censorship. But we should know what is being removed, so that we can, if we so wish, make our own mind up. I have no idea what was removed by r/news and no easy way to find out, short of using external caches. A simple log of moderator actions would be all that's needed.
I prefer Tiger Chi.
Fuckus Nowman.
Jesus Christ, people googling you after a first date must have had a hell of a shock!
This guy. This guy and his weasel words. Read his comment history. Never any overt racism, no name calling, just an insidious drip of "I'm just saying" and "we just want to protect our families", all insinuation and backhand references. And only on one topic and one topic alone. Alway calm, always reasonable, but always with one message. This guy is a stone-cold racist, presenting the reasonable face of white supremacy.
So you have a log already? And you could simply make it public with redactions? Seriously, that's not much extra work.
But that's the whole point. Who gives a shit about context or whether junk actions are filtered out? Just show us what has been removed. Honestly, this just screams of "I want to keep doing what I want to do and I'll be damned if I'll justify myself to anyone". And if that's the case, be transparent and say. Don't hide behind false issues of technology and time and how people "just won't understand". This is entirely possible and the only reason that you won't show a moderator log is that you don't want people to know what has been removed and why. And that raises the question of what are you trying to hide?
Unless he just sneezed and fell over on the button.
This I liked: &gt;"We urge bipartisan leaders in Congress to renew their efforts to craft meaningful legislation that can end ongoing uncertainty, promote network investment and protect consumers,” the National Cable and Telecommunications Association said in a statement I think they mean: &gt;"We urge bipartisan leaders in Congress to renew their efforts to craft meaningful legislation that can end this threat to our profits, not require any network investment and protect our rights to gouge consumers,” the National Cable and Telecommunications Association said in a statement. I'm not even being funny. That's what they're arguing for. They are literally arguing that it is unfair that their customers have rights when it comes to their broadband and that it is unfair that they cannot do whatever they want to make as much money as possible. Why do people buy anything from companies that openly opposes consumer protection? Oh, they don't have much choice. Hopefully that's something that will be looked at as well, albeit I'd expect to see hand wringing by the cable companies about how allowing choice for consumers is such a terrible thing.
I'm no lover of the Clintons but they are worth aprox $110m. She's obviously not in it for the money, else she'd piss off and become CEO of eg Discovery and trouser the entire Clinton family net worth every single year. Once you get to her level, there's easier and more effective ways of making money than running for office. It's absurd to make out she only wants to be president for financial reasons.
I call my penis my lead hose because it gives brain damage to babies.
Only if the laws they prevent hinder the free market. If the laws they prevent improve a free market then the opposite would be true.
Because, excluding R&amp;D costs, it would produce power at a similar cost to a natural gas power plant. You think someone is going to spend a billion dollars on merely *developing* something, in the knowledge that when they build it it won't produce power any cheaper than an existing method? That's not a way to make money.
&gt;A Marin County California judge ordered Mooresville, North Carolina-based Lowe’s to pay a $1.6 million settlement over a lawsuit alleging the inaccurate description of structural dimensional building products. &gt;One upshot of the settlement is the intention of Lowe’s to include the actual product dimensions of 2x4 lumber (1.5 inches by 3.5 inches) along with the description of the product as a “2x4.
We were concerned about Irish overpopulation.
Did you read the poll? Only 25% of people thought she was great. 75% did not. Don't try and sell that as "she's hugely popular" because she isn't. Besides the poll limited the questions to the five PMs since 1979. No current prime minister is ever thought of as great, Brown had lost an election within the last three years, Blair was hated because of the Iraq war and most people couldn't tell you a thing about Major. So Thatcher, was pretty much the only choice, given the passage time means most people actually know very little about the kind of woman she was and probably barely remember her except from the Iron Lady. She's a historical figure to them and so of course they picked her. Oh, and did I mention she fucking *died* that year? So, in a poll basically designed to favour her, in the year of her death, she still had 75% of people say she was less than great. Think that makes it pretty clear how popular she is.
The war didn't finish in 1979. It covers PMs after that date.
He received royalties on the music he wrote, I don't think they paid for stuff they did after he left.
I've enjoyed this thread by imagining actual puppets.
Um, so are you a guy or a girl?
Ah, I see you're my dad.
&gt;Nothing can be done to avoid having the stereo and anything else inside of the car from being stolen. Just fill the car with bears. It won't stop the break-in; bears aren't native so Hawaiians have never developed a fear of them, but it deals with the issue in a long-term way.
Sasquapodes.
Bigga life.
Or say "car keys". You've just said "khakis" in an English accent.
It's taking its antidepressants.
Meh, it's so patently fake that it doesn't really work. He could have at least made out he's part of some ancient assassins group and they all murdered the girlfriend and her family as revenge. You know, something a bit more believable...
So, what you're essentially saying is that *everything* that happens in life is down to an individual's character? Someone could be born in a crackhouse, be kicked out at age 4, spend their entire childhood on the streets, be run over by a truck and lose their legs, have their unconscious body be ganged raped and have quadruplets as a result and still it would be *their* fault that they can't provide for them properly by working long shifts at a fast food joint? A personal failing for which they must be punished with hunger and a shitty life? Has it really never occurred to you sometimes there are problems that cannot be solved?
I find the fact that you're proud of working at age 11 (11!!) to be pretty sad. You've got your whole life to work, let kids have fun.
I think it would appeal to Italicans.
I think I worded that wrongly. It's good to be proud of what you've done, proud of overcoming difficulties and achieving your goals. I also meant that I wouldn't wish that on someone.
Literally the ugliest fashion trend ever. It just looks like they all shat their pants.
It's happened before you know: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_German_Grand_Prix
Exactly... And I'm not trying to hate on him, but both he and F1 have form for bending the rules past breaking point on this type of thing: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_German_Grand_Prix
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_German_Grand_Prix
This has been done before: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_German_Grand_Prix
So you don't think there is an incentive to develop a way to covertly tell drivers information they aren't supposed to know but that would benefit them? And no F1 team would ever do anything like this... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_German_Grand_Prix
But it has happened before. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_German_Grand_Prix F1 teams and drivers have shown they will cheat if they think they can get away with it and this is an easy low risk form of cheating. Do you find it similarly unimaginable that professional athletes might take performance-enhancing drugs?
And it worked but they were caught. It would be the work of minutes to agree a code like this and it could win them the race. They were caught last time someone tried and so they've been more sophisticated. Besides, the stewards monitor radio communications for secret codes. Why would they do that if it wasn't a risk?
Having looked into this, I actually think it's possible. I'm not saying for sure that this is code but this exact thing has been done before, the stewards monitor for secret codes and there is a massive incentive to use them. Whether this is one or not, I'd bet money on them being used in the sport.
Apparently I love an orgy of downvotes...
So I'm not supposed to reply to people? Most people say the same thing, they get the same response.
You'd have to be really niave to think it's not workable. You could just memorise a simple flowchart. Besides, what's the explanation for Hamilton asking questions he *knows* the team can't answer? What was the point of that whole conversation?
So if it's happened before, why is it so unimaginable now?
I didn't mention weather at all, do you have reading difficulties? If not then I generally find it's helpful to read something before commenting. Makes you look a bit less stupid.
Me too, most of the time. So much of battlefield is running around for 45 seconds and being shot in the back of the head x 100. At least on maps with bottlenecks, you get the sense of being in a fight.
I think I elaborated in my original post as to what I thought it meant. But it's a code, its meaning is supposed to be hidden. I'm sure this is happening. Maybe not here but there is a huge incentive and almost no risk of being caught. All I've suggested is that something that is technically possible, provides a huge benefit at almost no risk, has been proven to happen before and that is still considered enough of a risk that the stewards actively hunt for it may still be happening. Do you really think it's so impossible? Presumably you have the same sense of the noble honour when it comes to professional athletes.
Let's not forget Johnson. Cock by name, cock by nature, and I'd never support anything that asshole did.
I don't blame the company, I blame HRMC and the government for allowing it. Attacking the companies is the wrong approach. We should be attacking the weak tax laws that allow this kind of behaviour. We cannot moralise our way out of this issue.
Exactly!
Dr Poundstone.
Buried alive.
I cook mine from the perspective of a communo-anarchist, it's quite delicious.
Can I pick the doctor whose associates I must buy from?
I had a similar problem and (I think...) it was because I was producing a lot of units in parallel but only a small amount of equipment so they took forever to equip. Once your equipment production levels go up you produce units much more quickly.
I think the point is that you really do need that 50 a day. You always need more equipment, and it's better for it to be outdated than not there.
If you're pulling my brain out with a hook, I'm reasonably certain I could give a shit which hole it goes through...
The reason is because it genuinely does have an affect. Pictures of unrealistically skinny women are proven to increase to increase the risk of things like anorexia and body dysmorphia. We don't allow advertising that is proven to be harmful. I think a lot of people see it as some kind of nanny stating but people object to this type of thing for entirely valid and sensible reasons. It's not just fat people bitching because they don't want to reminded they're fat. Edit: to be clear, this is the kind of image he wants banned http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/4f579c9069bedd5653000021-1190-625/three-decades-of-thin-how-the-fashion-business-promotes-anorexia.jpg This isn't a healthy or athletic woman, that is an anorexic woman being presented as healthy.
If you set a single standard for both, it would either result in loads of unfit men passing or no women passing. Given you can't have the former, you'd effectively be excluding women from the armed forces. And the benefits of having mixed sex armed forces massively outweigh the small risk that a small number of soldiers may be slightly less fit. For certain roles, sure, make the test as hard as you like but a general standard? It has very little benefit and huge costs. What would be the point?
He was also in the army before this and had moved back home.
Be careful what you wish for. We should never have been given a choice.
Me too.
Except many EU laws are reciprocal. There's no point in eg giving Europeans freedom of movement when we don't get it.
I prefer to beat the hair off with a stick.
But it is pedophilia. Pedophilia is *defined* as "sexual attraction to a pre-pubescent child". If you mean, people are claiming it's somehow less wrong? They're obviously both wrong but, on a scale, I think raping a four year old is worse than raping a 14 year old.
It's not true, performing artists do not need a work permit for short-term performances.
Finally, someone willing to put their head above the parapet and admit to supporting this act of incredible self-harm. How does it feel, having ruined the country you claim to love, for at least a generation?
Actually, there is a clear and dramatic correlation between education and support for leave. Essentially, the less well-educated you are, the more likely you are to support leave. We are leaving the largest open market in the world, trashing our economy and breaking up the UK simply because a substantial population completely failed to understand a complicated issue because they are too poorly educated to make a rational choice.
Yeah, I wish we were more like Poland.
The mistake people make is thinking that religion is the cause. It isn't. People in some rural town in Afghanistan have these backward views because they live in a rural town in Afghanistan. They are hugely conservative because that is the environment they live in. You think they'd suddenly become western liberals if they practiced Christianity? The religion and their interpretation of that religion is simply an expression of their conservate beliefs in an ideology. And yes, this ideology is followed by people who don't live in rural Afghanistan, but it is simply imported culture. The consequences are worse, but it's really no different to an amish family choosing to live their lives as if they still live in the 15th century despite being in the US in the 21st century - it's just that we don't care because their particular culture isn't one that is used by a small group of angry men to justify their actions.
Exactly. It's a different culture. But Christians do this sort of stuff all the time. It wasn't too long ago good Christian whites were lynching black people for looking at a white woman. No rational person would claim that was because of Christianity or describe these people as Christians or blame other Christians for these crimes, no matter how loudly they proclaimed their religion or how much they claimed they were doing God's work. They would say it was simply a result of deeply ingrained racism and a culture that allowed this type of behaviour. This is not a religious fight, no matter how much both sides try to claim it is. It is a cultural fight. The religion, on both sides, is simply an expression of the culture.
Firstly, you do understand that we are part of the EU? When you say 'the EU acts in its own interests", why do you think that is acting against us? We are part of the EU, We had a say, just the same as everyone else. We voted for our MEPs. We appointed commissioners. You keep saying "they". They were us. We were them. Secondly, what control do you think had been lost? The freedom to choose to exploit our workers? The freedom to engage in tax evasion? The freedom to abuse human rights? The freedom to pay more for things? The freedom to require a visa when we visit Europe? The freedom to have a broken economy? The freedom to cause the break-up of the UK? The one question I've never been able to get an answer to from the few people who dare admit to have voted for this is what is going better now? You say this nebulous notion of "We're better now we can choose for ourselves". Well, what does that mean? What do you think, specifically, will be better now? And don't give me any nonsense about this saving money from not contributing to the EU budget. I'm assuming you've seen the Leave campaign admit the £350m a week was a lie to con people like you into voting for it? The tiny proportion more we pay than we got back is dwarfed by the economic catastrophe that is going to be caused. We're all going to be very poor for a long time so let's not pretend it's about the money.
But that's just a difference in the type of culture. Some cultures are more inclusive than others. It doesn't invalidate the point.
It doesn't call for that. The Bible positively presents a man offering up his daughter for rape. The Muslims you oppose do not follow conventional Islamic teaching.
Where does it say in the Koran that you should be like ISIS? Where does it say you should throw gay people off buildings?
I think you've neatly highlighted the problem with this entire issue. People who make the kind of claims you are replying to simply don't know what they're talking about but claim that they do. I've never seen a discussion between two people where the person claiming that Islam is inherently violent was ever able to do more than quote a couple of verses and when a knowledgeable person replies, there's never any rebuttal to the explanation. Ironically, it's the same type of people on both sides. You have a bunch of uneducated racists claiming Islam is inherently violent and justifies horrific crimes on one side and on the other side....a bunch of uneducated racists claiming Islam is inherently violent and justifies horrific crimes. It's just such a shame that they are the loudest voices.
Not true at all. Either you don't know what you're talking about or you're lying.
If Islam did not exist, there would just be another reason. People have been killing each other for ever, religion isn't the cause.
You actually don't know Iraq was a nice place to live prior to the 1950s Islamic revolution because that never happened in Iraq. If you mean *Iran* then you'd be close, albeit it happened in the sixties as a reaction to the US overthrow of their democratically elected leader. Iraq was a secular state with no Islamic fundamentalism prior to the US invasion. Proved your own point nicely.
Yes, I do disagree that we can spend lots of money on ourselves. The small amount more we spent vs what we got back will be dwarfed by the financial impact of leaving. I also note that you ignored my question. What is going to be better now we're out?
Erm... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord%27s_Resistance_Army
Not so sure, I didn't see him collaborate.
1) In what context did we give them money? The bail-out? Because we didn't contribute to that. Or do you just mean general eu funding? Because if that's the case, they gave us money too. Besides, you said it delinks our economy. If I give you £10 then are our finances linked outside of that actual transaction? This is a nice rebuttal: http://infacts.org/hannan-twists-the-facts-again/ Total saving by leaving the EU? About £2 per person per week. Seems a cheap price for access to the world's largest single market. Especially as we'll still have to pay more than that in the unlikely event we manage to strike a Norway-type deal. 2) I don't understand this. Do you really mean France can veto a UK law because it doesn't like it? Because that's not true. Do you mean any country can veto certain types of European law because it doesn't like it? That's true but has a very different effects to what you're saying. Or do you mean that the UK can, at any point, completely lawfully refuse to comply with any EU laws on those grounds? Because that would seem to be positive from your standpoint. I really don't get what you mean by this. Can you be more specific as to what you mean by a veto? Ideally by citing the legislation you refer to? 3) Absolutely not true. As above, any EU member state has an absolute right to refuse to comply with any law on the grounds of public security. If we decide anyone is a threat to public security we can refuse them entry. 4) Dear God, you know nothing. We have lots of trade deals with these countries. We're all members of the WTO, for heavens sake. All we've done is sever the EU specific ones in the hope that eg the US will agree to give favourable trade deals to a country with an economy the size of California. The EU was unable to negotiate a more favourable deal, it's beyond bizarre to think we'll do better. Do you think we're magicians able to magically negotiate fantasy deals?? Especially as the US has specifically told us to fuck off and that we'll get no special deal. 5) I think this is covered. I think the overwhelming impression here is that you actually have no idea what you oppose about the EU or the practical effects of the choice you've made. You didn't understand the choice you had. You've just voted with your gut, fed by the lies of the right wing press, and all this is post-hoc justification.
Yeah, generally this kind of thing is not in the public interest to prosecute.
&gt;Geim and Novoselov wrote a three-page paper describing their discoveries. It was twice rejected by Nature, where one reader stated that isolating a stable, two-dimensional material was “impossible,” and another said that it was not “a sufficient scientific advance.”
Exactly.
Because it'll be raw otherwise!
