If you really want to find why people quit you can just put up a strawpoll, as long as you format the questions right.
Maybe ask any who quit and then returned? Would still not be an ideal crowd, but you will have more people.
Also Garden of Terror is the same world as Dragon Knight. You can see the Dragon Knight statue at the top of the Garden.
Many foreigners ruined their bodies because of starcraft. Carpel tunnel is very common. It might not be to the same extent, but injuries happen in all sports, in all levels.
I doubt most people's faces would bear any expression.
Just think about your face when you type anything, be it a "lol" type comment, or an angry one. You only have to see your own face as you write comments to see how probably others do it. In fact expressions happen for a very short time, and to think that someone continually keeps their expression for the whole comment is absurd. Furthermore, people may be upset or smirking while writing something, but having an extreme emotional experience come from reading something on the web is pretty rare I'd presume, and even then writing something while laughing or trembling with rage is probably pretty hard.
You presume that most people's days are ruined, or even harmed a bit because of losing, while you can't really know that. It is a game after all, and if you're not having fun while losing as well (maybe to a lesser extent, but still), then you're playing the wrong type of game imo.
SI-7 Agesnt would be almost as good, so it's not like the chances were that abysmal.
Going for a lot of heals and taunts would then make you super strong, and doesn't really take a lot of thought too. Something like ramp druid would work wonders.
0.25 it used to be 1, but they changed it.
I rather Al'ar to be its own card, so it can be more complex.
It's obviously a possibility, but I doubt there would be such map soon.
Probably not so terrible in decks with minimal amount of spells like Zoo.
Why does it have to be a white guy? Would a black rich guy know more about Detroit because he is black? Why include race into this?
As a rank 1 lvl 20 murky main I disagree. You can get kills many times if you have some sort of support, Murky is capable of much more damage than people realize many times. Your regeneration also means that you can do some damage and back off. Sometimes you die because of overextention, but the push potential, and the possible kills or forced hearthstoning is worth it imo.
Of course dying without an actual reason is bad, I just commented on your ending comment, as imo you should fight most of the times as murky.
I go block, Living the, large pufferfish, grab, 35% extra damage on the pufferfish, pufferfish makes slime, and rewind. Always the same build. It is based on the combo, killing 1 person at a time. Being 1v2 I stay low and simply try and kill minions while not in range of the 2 players, if they are ranged. If they are melee I try and slowly take away hp with slime while not overextending. Egg is always between the gate and fort, it's a good place vs cloakers and cannot be hit easily from outside. Lategame I move the egg a lot normally, although I'd say as a rule of thumb it's better not to be greedy with the egg, although a lot of times I can't help it. Team fights I dive in normally. I try to split them up, and if they don't then they take a lot of damage. Try and have your egg nearby so you can suicide multiple times in a fight.
I like the 1st ling sent so the PF won't target the banes on the way, it was really smart!
This is probably due to pressure by the Druze in the Golan Heights. Since many of them have family in Syria they want help sent to them.
I am Israeli myself, but this is just what I heard. There are so many people suffering, to urge to help a specific group probably comes from personal reasons.
Brood war skills definitely transferred more than WC3's ones did, as macro is more important than ~~macro~~ micro most of the times.
I meant that macro is more important than micro. The macro aspect is pretty similar compared to the micro. Indeed SC2 is much smoother than the older games in that aspect. Macro most of the times is more important as having more units can make a huge difference sometimes, while microing rarely has the same effect.
Ye I love archon mode.
Fastest turn is Turn 2 Pint Size summoner. (costs 2) Turn 3 Portal. (costs 3) Turn 4 portal. (costs 1) Turn 5 Jaraxxus. (costs 4)
Could be special shells that are infused with Psi or something. This is why it takes energy to use it.
While I agree, the way they do it is different than EA for example. Blizzard would never release a new game/expansion every year simply as a cash grab. Blizzard builds on a loyal fanbase which exists due to the quality of the games. Lately it is less so, but it's still much better than other huge gaming companies.
The tension has eased and increased many times. There were times of war and times where peace seemed relatively close, it's just that it never went over the right edge sadly.
During the war.
It depends on how good the new drone is. If it was really helpful making 1-2 Ghosts for support might have been good.
The cartels ARE criminals, they are not a nation. Mexico has it's government which is separate from the drug cartels.
Of course, but while Blizzard is owned by them they don't practice the same methods. Just look at the SC2 expansions. If Blizzard wanted they could probably release both year after year, with lower quality. Blizzard has a reputation and anytime they don't follow it it backfires, so I surmise that they will continue producing quality content instead of content in quantity.
D3 I agree was a mess, but while I don't play it anymore I think people are mostly satisfied from the changes Blizzard enacted. On heroes while it is obvious Blizzard is trying to milk money from the customers, they are also bringing a quality new product. Heroes is a very good game, and Blizzard listens to the community about it so I don't think it's comparable to any normal EA behavior. Blizzard charges a lot, but brings fun and innovative games out. I find that a fair deal.
What is your point? SC2 is a quality game. Its decline comes from various reasons, foremost in that it is already 5 years old. I don't think that if Blizzard rushed the expansions the game would be more popular.
Attacking a soldier while wearing civilian cloths is a war crime. Whether it is terrorism or not is debatable, but I would consider it such.
Well the murder at hand was done not by an Israeli civilian, but by a Palestinian. If he was a member of Hamas/other terror organizations then your comparison is moot, and he probably was. Even if he wasn't a part of any organization which fights Israel, this is not the same as random murders as he had a political goal in mind and the target probably wasn't important besides it being a Jew. In the very least it would be a hate crime, although I think the murder fits the definition of terrorism.
What does SC2 gives? There aren't any rewards besides the leveling which doesn't take a long time to get to max.
2025 hype!
Sadly he still only has the old vampiric talent. Would be insane if he had gotten the extra healing.
You can save cards to use them at the same time so the regen doesn't matter.
Although they are also whales themselves (sort of) so I would say killer whale is also a fitting name.
It's just that Thalnos has a much lesser impact on the game compared to other legendaries. Thalnos instead of Kobold or Loot Hoarder is an improvement, but not as much as a Dr.Boom or a Sylvanas instead of a Boulderfist Ogre.
Of course, i am not saying it should be stronger or anything, as it's already quite powerful for the cost. I am just saying that if you had to choose a 1st legendary I doubt most would choose Thalnos, as even though he is better than many other legendaries, his effect on the game is limited due to his low cost.
If you have fun doing it, it shouldn't matter if other people find it fun. If you are not enjoying it though then you should stop doing it and switch to quick match.
Heh, we murlocs live in sunny beaches unlike the gloomy dungeons nerubians reside in, and it definitely affects our mood!
Starcraft is already a major part of the game, I doubt anyone who plays Heroes doesn't know about SC.
I am pretty sure Carbot will deliver, so it's not the same. And if people want to spend money on an arcade game they won't play much it's their money and their right to do what they want with it. It might be silly to you, but to some it's worth it.
I have been following this mod for a long time on the TL forums and the attitude was present in all times by many people. I don't judge a whole community by 1 person, nor I do so by many people from that community. And yet, many who play Starbow came to do so because they got fed up with SC2, or dislike it for any reason but still want to play, and those people make me dislike the mod since it brings hate upon the original game, be it justified hate or not. I am fine with the mod existing, but don't try and make it that the "war" began by the Starbow haters, as even before the common SC2 folk knew about the mod hate was spew.
My peeve is not that people who play Starbow like to compare it to SC2, but that many times when they do so they claim their opinions as facts. And of course, it's not that I dislike the mod, it's simply its community whom I have a gripe with, which in turn pulls me away from the mod.
Sadly the vocal minority makes it seem like it's a bigger problem than it is, but I am sure most Starbow players have similar attitudes to yours.
It's fine to have your opinion, but coming here and trying to sway people into your "side" does the opposite. In your comment you only whine about Starcraft instead of saying what is good about Starbow. I love SC2, and to come here and say that it sucks would just make me ignore you.
While the joke is funny, the charge is super slow compared to judgement, so I doubt it will have the same impact.
There are over 8 million Israelis, some love America, some hate it, most have no strong opinion. I think it's wrong to say such a large group of people has any unified opinion as it is almost certainly wrong.
Israel was founded in 1948. Most people who live in Israel and Palestine nowadays were born after everything started. There are definitely at least some differences between Israeli Arabs and Palestinians. As an Israeli, for Israeli Jews there is a clear difference between how we perceive Arab citizens or West Bank and Gaza inhabitants. Israeli Arabs buy, work and live besides the Jewish population. There might not have been any difference in 1948, but today Arabs who live in Israel are different to those who don't, as their culture mixed with that of the Jewish population. The laws too of course work differently for Israeli citizens than other people, as it is with most countries.
I didn't say most, just that there are many. Even 30% of the population is a large chunk of people and saying that Palestinians are anything is wrong. There are many who want violence just the same there are many who want peace.
Generalizing is still bad. Even if the majority shares an opinion it's wrong imo to say that they all share it. Like any group, some Palestinians want peace while others do not.
I am pretty sure you can play with 3 int. At least in 3.5 you could. 1 and 2 are for animals, but 3+ is sentient.
Would work great in rogue too. For Vancleef, Auctioneer or just as a combo enabler.
It is sad that people view these extremists as representatives of the left. It's probable that even most of Meretz are nothing like B'Tselem, and most of the left are more moderate than Meretz. The vast majority of the Israeli left condemns practices like this. Extremists are a bane to society, and blanket statements and views only strengthen them.
Some individuals in the far left do. There are always people who label all members of a different group as the same; this is probably true in any group that is large enough. You can't honestly claim most leftists use blanket statements. By claiming that you yourself are using a blanket statement. There are idiots everywhere and it's important to identify them and separate them from other people who share similar views on a specific topic. I have a problem with B'Tselem too, as I do with all extremists. You shouldn't conflate them with the rest of the left, if you want to lessen the chasm between the right and left.
Starfall would probably still be balanced though, as it costs 1 more mana than it should be anyways for either option.
Unless you're druid and has savage roar or shaman with bloodlust.
I'd say too many backstabs is a thing, since you can't use 2 on the same minion. I'd say though, that most classes would want to run more copies of certain cards, as it would vastly improve consistency. Running multiple copies would also probably be game-changing because of certain cards being a lot stronger than others with the same mana-cost. Druid being able to run more Dranassus Aspirants and Innervates would be insane to deal with, for example.
Freeze mage doesn't run summoning stone now, why would they if more than 2 cards per deck was possible? I presume that in such a situation they would just run more fireballs and iceblocks, slowly killing the opponent while delaying death for 1 more turn.
Israel is not an Islamic state. &gt;an islamic country where females, homosexuals, etc. are able to enjoy the same liberty, norms and values as the rest of the population. In Iran *you* might have felt safe, but homosexuality is illegal and women have less rights than men. I am not sure about Jordan and Turkey.
Of course, it's not like people treated women and gays well before Islam came to be too. Religion can be used as an excuse for unethical actions, but it is rarely the true motive.
But it's from private people, not the government. I don't see the issue. Are you saying people who support slavery, rape, etc should not be condemned? In Iran saying certain things will get you arrested while in the US the punishment is not institutionalized and so may or may not arrive as it depends on the local population. Furthermore, any punishment will obviously not be physical or else the police will defend the person.
Yes, but probably because it is in Israel. If it was in Denmark for example they probably wouldn't have asked for censorship.
It was revolutionary in eSports terms, not gameplay ones. I agree that in that regard it's pretty similar to SC1, although the main difference is that most of the design is intentional while Brood War mainly worked well in high levels because of bugs and limitations of the time. SC2 doesn't have too many new features gameplay wise, but it improved so much from the past games and from when it started that it's almost revolutionary imo, compared to the competition at least. Revolutionary might be too big of a word, but the concept remains that it raised the bar for competitive RTS games and created a basis for how a modern RTS should be designed.
In Starcraft 2 about half of the people who buy the game never touch the multiplayer, according to Blizzard. The campaign is definitely fit for anyone. The multiplayer too is split between the competitive part and the casual side. There is a large chunk of the playerbase that only played co-op (2 or more players vs the AI) or Arcade games (various types of minigames made using the game's editor). Imo RTS is a genre that can be enjoyed by an abnormally large amount of playertypes, compared to other genres like RPG, MOBA, etc.
Have you played SC2? It's vastly different from SC1. When it was released they were more similar, but after 2 expansions the game has a very unique feel. The reason SC2 dominates the genre is that it's an incredibly polished game, with relatively great balance between vastly different factions. It might not have entirely new concepts, but SC2 made improvements to many areas of previous games.
SC2 has many custom games. This mod was just released for example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iay_Bmg-6Dw If you are talking about normal 1v1 only not in a ranked matchmaking, there is now an unranked mode which is way more casual than normal ladder, while still matching relatively even opponents.
HotS was definitely easier than the other 2 campaigns, but if you wanted to overcome a challenge you could have played on brutal.
The system is different and nowadays you can find a match for many games. For the less popular ones you possibly won't find a match during off-hours, but because of the new "open games" most of the time even a brand new custom map will eventually get enough players. The system works similarly to the lobby system in WC3 only you can't name the lobbies. The Arcade is free to play, you just have to install SC2. You should try it. Blizzard really fixed the horrible old system.
Well if it's harder than you potentially need to find a better combination of units to overcome it, thus requiring the usage of more of the cool tools you are given.
Personal data has little value when discussing general statistics, especially as the system tries that everyone has a 50% overall winrate. Ladder stats have to be adjusted based on MMR because of that.
I remember reading that about half the players who buy SC2 never touch the multiplayer, so there are many people who see enough value in the campaign.
Beast hunter is super fun. Turn 1 coin call pet into a 4 drop beast or turn 2 highmane is insane. It's not super consistent but when it works it's amazing.
The vast majority of people, refugees and migrants too, are not raping and mugging people. The peaceful ones are not to blame for the violent ones.
Well America doesn't count, no one knew about it when they made the prophecy.
Yes, then it would have a much larger chance of surviving. Think how many times you are able to clear armorsmith turn 1. Turn 2 or 1 with coin would be insane as any 3/2 played vs it would have a 50% of dying immediately. I think it would be played as a 1/3 2 mana, and wouldn't be too hard to clear.
To be fair Gruul grows every single turn while Shade only grows on your turn. If Gruul is somehow not removed then he spirals out of control super fast, which is a thing Shade cannot do.
It would really suck if they removed Nydus. I doubt it will ever be popular but I mainly pick it as it's such a special way to play the hero. Because the way the game works where teamfights are the most important part Nydus probably cannot be changed so it will be a common pick while also not OP on certain maps, so I think a 3rd heroic would be a great option here. It would allow for more build diversity for Zagara while not removing a unique, if niche playstyle she has.
In QM I do it on every map. In HL it depends on the comp. If they have a lot of stuns or knockbacks, or if our comp relies on Maw to win fights then I take Maw. I think Nydus works on every map except perhaps the new 1 where pushing matters much less. There are obviously some maps where Nydus works better, but it gives enough utility for sustained fights that imo it can be worth it even for maps where 5v5 teamfights occur regularly.
Do you not think it's fine to be angry about someone calling an investigation about the actions of Israel defending against knife attacks while no one is calling for investigation about the PA supporting the attacks? Why is Sweden not condemning the attackers who are responsible for the recent surge of violence?
The recent wave of attacks is not because of the occupation, it's because of false rumors that Israel is going to allow non-Muslim to pray in Al-Aqsa/destroy the mosque. That is why many of the stabbers are Israeli citizens who live besides the Jewish population, as their cause is religious, not merely political.
The recent surge of violence is not tied back to anything in a direct manner. There is no justification that you appear to search for. Sweden is being hypocritical.
It depends on the country, there are massive differences between certain states. Also it's not only the laws, it's the culture too. For example sexual harassment is illegal in Egypt but over 95% of the women there reported they have experienced it in one form or another.
Well obviously sexual harassment happens everywhere, but the situation is much better in western countries. The western culture is less accepting of sexual harassment than other cultures do. There are no honor killings in western nations, women are not forbidden from going out at public without a head scarf, and can do the same things as men can without needing a male guardian. I am not saying all Muslim countries are this regressive, but there are no Muslim countries with true equality afaik. Btw who is these other "guys" you are talking about? I represent only myself.
In my opinion 1949 is ancient history, so everything that happened before that doesn't matter. History didn't start at a certain date, you can't just disregard something by saying it's ancient.
The problematic one is the one early in the morning that wakes you up. It's kinda bullshit that people have to suffer waking up in the morning when they don't have to because of someone else's tradition.
They do wherever there is a large Muslim population, which is there is none of in Tel Aviv. Israel is not only TA though.
Worse when nearing fatigue. Also reveals your decktype somewhat, which could be worse for you than your opponent, depends on the deck and card revealed.
You claimed the reason PA is failing is because of "apartheid", but in truth it is because of corruption, which Vaders pointed out.
There are actually many people who rarely play, or even never play, but watch tournaments. I personally know many people like that. That said, I agree the game has to be fun to play first before being fun to watch.
That sounds amazing. Perhaps every now and a then some dps will over-aggro and you will be able to attack them for a short while.
I would like WoW2 to be in the decently far future. There is relative peace after Legion, and WoW2 happens right when a new war is brewing. They could introduce many new characters while reducing the power level of heroes to a minimum, creating better stories potentially.
Having more programmers won't necessarily make the actual content come faster. Forgot the name of the law for it.
I would prefer if they would shake it even further by scattering the factions. No more Alliance vs Horde, or at least less so. Make it so each race feels more important than the union to the player from that race.
Why not both? Would make having a weapon early game much more likely.
I can't speak for OP, but anyone who is specifically anti-Israeli, rather than against the idea of nation states in general, is either misinformed or a bigot. It's also possible that person has another motive, such as his or her country is at war/hostile toward Israel for one reason or another, and then that person is biased. I believe in this way because it is hypocritical to say you're against Jews having a nation while not denouncing all the other nation states. Similarly people who protest the occupation should also do the same boycotts and rallies against all other nations that control occupied territories, like Tibet of China or Turkish Cyprus.
The Marauder will definitely be Swan, his in-game appearance is exactly that.
Thanks, that sucks.
That is the core feature of the marauder, so I would assume so.
Unless someone has cleanse in your team.
Double W is the most common choice, since the second half is amplified by the lvl 13 talent as well.
I would hope they would fix for consistency and since the talent is pretty weak currently, although it's always nice to remove an envenom or double Kael's chain bomb.
The difference between Mehtan and the nephalem is probably about the same as the difference between Reghar and Thrall, so it's not that big of a deal. The actual power level of the character doesn't really matter.
Nothing is clear cut except the the concept that nothing is clear cut, that concept is definitely clear cut.
The Palestinians never governed themselves though, it was the Ottomans and then the British.
You just have to convince someone important to send some to stop it from happening while you are stopping it from happening.
9/11
Spellbender can't stop burgle, it only switches targets on spells targeted at minions.
Nangz's comment pretty much does. &gt;if spellbender went first How can it go first if it isn't activated by burgle?
Nevermind I misunderstood the comment.
All people who are not Japanese are not welcome. They frown upon all people who are the same race as theirs. Also it probably isn't equal, as is some kinds of people are less welcome than others.
I am not, I am just saying that in general Japan is pretty racist.
What does being evil has anything to do with the game? You can play Deathwing or as Gul'Dan already.
Tychus has bolt, but he is just weak atm.
Does Varian working for Garrosh fit? Lore is just for flair.
How about Magni equipping Gorehowl? Yes it is a skin but the point is that the game does not take itself seriously. Using an evil form is not a big deal at all.
That sounds really cool, my concept for it: D - Reduce CC effects by 33%, activate to take 25% less damage for a short while. Q - Fire breath, similar to the DK Q. W - Close range cone that is a minor version of the DK's knockback. E - Charge at target dealing massive damage. R1 - Increase maximum HP by a small amount and attack against non-heroic targets by a lot for some time. R2 - Summon dragon, similar to Sindragosa only deals more damage, no slow and leaves the ground burning for some time.
Soldiers are there to protect against armed attacks. Knife attacks killed many people in the last months and you can't really expect soldiers to try and care for the attackers while they are trying to murder soldiers or civilians right? If someone tried to murder another person then they are a combatant, not a civilian.
In order for order to remain the state has to have a monopoly on justice. Justice is subjective, so the only way to keep the peace is by allowing the government to do its job, and to follow the rules, even if you disagree with them. If everyone dispensed their version of justice there would be chaos and the world would be a horrible place to live in.
I don't think constant activity is important for a singleplayer game like Diablo. It is a very fun game, and that is what matters. Competitive players who compete for the ladder generally play multiplayer games, so it makes sense there are many people who only play casually and occasionally.
Ah, I thought you meant people were inflicting their sense of justice on PEGIDA by burning their cars. I actually barely know anything about this group, but if they won't find justice with the police then they should try to expose the corruption rather than take matters to their own hands. The state is composed of the people, and the best way to solve issues long term is to get rid of the corruption in the system. Vigilantism might work better short term, but it only creates more problems in the long run.
Stun is much more valuable than knockback, but I get your point.
Just saying it is a controversial feature, and that saying that this map would be accepted by all is silly. Even the best maps ever made have many haters, so it is naive to think that any map could be put into the ladder without complaints. Balance is also quite tricky, and without actual playtesting of the highest caliber it's almost impossible to know how the map will turn out.
Easiest thing is to add a slow, although that is not really interesting too.
When someone makes a claim it is they who should give a source, not the ones who say that claim is a myth.
It is a handicap if you want to be competitive. I absolutely have more fun playing alone in Diablo. Anyways what I meant that it is a PvE game, so a healthy pool of people with various skill levels is less important as there is no matchmaking.
Murky is great on any map where the enemy is split, or where there is a channeled objective where you can harass the opponents. Towers of Doom, the desert map and Cursed Hollow are great Murky maps for this. Battlefield of Eternity is also good for Murky since you can take Slime Advantage at 7 and destroy the immortal very quickly.
It's not about the actual danger, but that you feel like the people around you care. In France the government cares much less about its Jewish population than does Israel's government. The actual chance to be stabbed is very low in Israel too, but what matters is the feeling of safety.
I said exactly that, did you read my comment? The danger is still less in France, but it doesn't matter since in Israel the chance to be hurt is extremely minor as well. I am not blaming the French government, as it obviously will care less than Israel does about the Jewish population of each country, but because it is so it makes French Jews move to Israel.
Hamas is the ruling body of Gaza, and is supported by most Palestinians while the settlers are only a minority in Israel. Israel is better here. Check polls, most Palestinians support the recent wave of violence and don't believe in the two state solution.
Unless you immediately BGH'd it I'd say they were pretty silly as it's still an 8/8 for free on the board.
It's sometimes used in Reno decks, as it's another heal that can be run besides healbot while not disabling Reno.
I would love to see another map in the Graveeper's control. Perhaps a cemetery. It would be cool to explore more of the Nexus's realms so a world of sorts can appear.
Yeah I tried first by reincarnating the Jouster and the Flametongue Totem. Shows just how unused the card is.
Which is pretty decent actually. Probably worth something like 6 mana. Not gamebreakingly OP, but probably good enough to be played. It's just that it's not guaranteed that you will get the 2 1/1s.
It's probable she looked for easier prey but was confronted by the soldier because of suspicion or regular inspection. Of course dying as a martyr is also a good thing for Muslim extremists.
If it has 3 overload it would be a lot worse. Probably almost to the point that many decks wouldn't run it.
Dying to achieve a goal is worth it with Murky. At lvl 1 a single minion gives more exp than a Murky death. I am a lvl 20 Murky too, only I go for the combo build. A lot of times I have the most deaths in the score screen, but it doesn't matter since at early levels it's not a lot of exp, and soaking more than other heroes makes up for it, while lategame the time an enemy hero is dead is worth dying as much as needed. Murky plays completely different than other heroes so there is no need to judge him like you do other heroes.
He might outdie him too!
Yet there is no cause more just than low ping rates.
If you write it they will come (and read it). No idea is unique, it's how you express it that matters.
Tychus getting a PotG beyond the grave via the laser would be pretty swell actually.
There will be some who will only play brawls like that, just like there are many FTP players already who have not and will not spend money on this game. I doubt it will affect many people as limiting yourself to no brawls which have deckbuilding is less fun. I doubt it would change the opinion of anyone who was going to buy packs beforehand, and probably will keep some players who lose a bit of interest in the game.
Holy shit that laugh track is horrendous. It would have been a decent clip without it.
Because making the playerbase enjoy the game more is good for business? I doubt it will have much effect for either side, but if there were more options to play then people would play more, it's pretty simple. Some brawls were really fun and different from regular play. Sometimes I don't feel like playing regular HS but if a specific brawl was playable I might have logged in.
There is a side-option at least for 3.5 to make 1 and 20 not always hit in extreme circumstances by making the -10 and 30 respectively. It just doesn't make much sense for a super heavily armored with insane training to get hit once every 20 attacks by an unarmored weak child.
It's about 10% reduction is mana cost. It's not game-breaking but it should probably allow another round of abilities during long fights. As you said it will help a little, but that might be enough.
Two of his abilities have 12 sec cooldowns. Assuming you spam them when they are out of cooldown, 4 rotations take about a minute. I'd say that during fights it's fine, as fights rarely go over 1 minute. The problem is that then you must go and regen back at base or drink from a well, but that is not the worst. I would like some kind of mana regen talent, perhaps based on kills. Sometimes like regaining 30% of his mana on every takedown would be awesome and allow for a far more aggressive style. Perhaps on lvl 13 or 16, so it's contested with other good talents.
Only a little bit. I know that each area has a slightly different variation, but it doesn't make it a different language.
20 doesn't necessarily mean success. If I roll a 20 trying to move a mountain do I succeed? In the same way a magical lock cannot be broken by mere lockpicking.
Then you will just have another violent party win. Most of the Palestinians support the attacks on civilians.
Are 5 people considered the same as a large chunk of the Palestinian population? There are extremists everywhere and in every faction. The problem is when the "normal" opinion is a terrible one.
Actually the main reason for the recent wave of violence is mostly a rumor about Jews being allowed to pray in Al-Aqsa. A lot of the terrorists interviewed gave that reason for their actions. There is a lot of religion involved here.
I would love to see a WC4 set in the future where most known characters are gone or drastically altered. This can be followed by WoW2 perhaps. Think something like 100 years of relative peace that follows the reconstruction of the world from the invasion. Would grant them a lot more creative freedom than they have now. Another option would be something like the age of the Old Gods, where each playable faction is composed of the minions of an old god. I wouldn't like them just ignoring WoW by setting it in an AU, it would feel kinda cheap.
Perhaps regenerating extra mana while he is being hit? Something like 100% increased mana regen for 3 seconds after being hit could be cool as lvl 7 talent. It would be an interesting choice with piercing Storm Bolt.
Gold is not really the factor here. TLV are just insanely hard to play mechanically-wise compared to all other heroes in the game. The only ones who come close are Rexxar and Abathur. It becomes obvious very quickly whether a person can play a TLV properly, while someone playing Muradin wrong takes time to be realized. Because of this TLV has a reputation that prevents people from playing them unless they are experienced. I do agree that Muradin being a central role makes him more prone to be picked by inexperienced players, but I do think it and the gold cost are just lesser factors. Difficulty in mechanics vs difficulty in knowledge is the main reason for pick differences.
Nah just about 100 years or so, just so almost all of the mortals are dead. The world remained at a similar technological level for 10000 years, so 100 shouldn't make it too different from present-day WoW. Even a slight loss of technology would be nice. Having Advanced guns side by side with swords is kinda weird.
So what if a flying creature becomes unconscious and thus loses fly speed while midair? Do they immediately drop straight down? That is silly. The bear who have about the same fly speed but would lose the ability to maintain height or other uses of being able to fly manually. There is no difference between being thrown and losing fly speed midair.
If your country was being bombed daily with rockets by the ruling body of a neighboring area what would you want your country to do? One option is to live in fear, constantly suffering damages and occasionally loss of lives. (the relative low loss of life is only due to Israel's huge budget meant to make the situation as safe as possible for its citizens. There are shelters in almost every building and the Iron Dome system is highly advances and expensive). The situation for most of the southern cities of Israel was constant alerts and running to the shelters many times a day. This is no way to live. Another option is to eliminate the threats, even if that entails loss of life of the human shields. Israel did try to minimize the amount of civilian casualties is most cases, but if someone is given a warning his house is going to be destroyed but still remains in it then his death is on him or on those that forced him to stay there. In the end Israel is only responsible for its own citizens. The people of Gaza voted Hamas in, and if Hamas's actions cause them to die needlessly then they it's their own fault.
The Palestinians never wanted peaceful or diplomatic actions. The reaction to Israel forming was not discussion but violence. Arabs have massacred Jews long before the occupation began. The only reason checkpoints even exist is because of terrorism. The only reason Gaza is blockaded is because Hamas chose violence. Between Israel leaving Gaza and it being blockaded there was about a year IIRC. Judge both sides equally rather than give excuses to the Palestinians.
So what is your solution to Hamas sending rockets from hospitals, schools and homes full of civilians? Should Israel not react, thus slowly become drained from resources due to Iron Dome's much higher cost than that of a rocket, as well as some of its citizens dying? Either the citizens of Israel suffer for a long time until the country collapses or the rocket launchers are bombed. During the recent war Israel warned those who were about to be bombed by leaflets, calls and small rockets that do no actual harm. How would you do it differently?
It might and it might not have been "fair", but the truth is that the Palestinians did not try to negotiate, they tried to destroy Israel by force. I try to judge both sides equally, but that does not mean the judgment turns out the same, since the sides are not actually equal. The Jewish population would have accepted even 10% of what they got, while the Arab population wasn't fine with anything besides 100%. Even if something is "unfair" someone shouldn't jump to violence, and any excuse for such a behavior will only lead to more of it. You try and claim Arab attacks on Jews are due an occupation, then you say that it was because the situation wasn't fair, but why not just say it's deplorable? Any time the Arabs wished for peace they received it. Israel accepted the partition plan, gave up the Sinai which is an area larger than Israel itself, and accepted peace with Jordan without hesitation. The only reason there is even a somewhat non-violent sect within the Palestinians is that they finally figured that it's impossible to defeat Israel in combat.
You didn't answer my question. You speak as if both sides both want the same thing and are equal in culture and ideology. This view is just very naive. Hamas does not want peace, they seek the destruction of Israel and the death of all Jews. This is not an exaggeration, it's just who they are. It might be hard to accept, but Hamas is using its civilians to gain sympathy from the world. You're basically asking Israel to sacrifice itself for the good of its enemies. Hamas is the most popular party in Palestine. Why should even a single Israeli die so people who wish for Israel to stop existing live? There are no infinite funds also, you can't just use Iron Dome forever. Eventually either Israel would collapse, or it will have to act, which it has. Why do you expect Israel to do everything in its power to save people who do everything in their power to kill Israelis? Why not expect the Palestinians to stop supporting Hamas?
Excellent story only it probably should be Roman gods instead, as I doubt the rise of Rome would have been hindered because of Judaism not existing, and Christianity only came to be in Roman times anyways. Of course the gods are pretty similar to each other only with different names, but still.
Yeah of course, but my point was that the Greek religion wasn't replaced by the Roman one because of Abrahamic religions, so them not existing wouldn't change the transition. The major religion then would be Roman one then, but it's not a huge deal anyways.
Polish. Blizzard creates game that are not necessarily innovative, but that are generally super polished and just great in their field. Warcraft 1 and 2 were just better than the former best RTS games, even though they used the same basic ideas. Starcraft 1 almost perfected asymmetric races. WC3 had an incredible custom game system. WoW was also not unique and was based on classic RPG, but its scale and features were just so well done that it became something even most non-gamers know about. SC2 was the frontrunner of international eSports and dominated twitch for a long time, basically responsible for its popularity. It had some bad features at the start, but Blizzard fixed them over the years. Diablo pretty much invented the action-RPG genre. D3 was a flop at launch, but Blizzard has shown they are not willing to disappoint and today it is an incredible game. Hearthstone is much simpler than Magic the Gathering, but its design is tuned to it being online and the UI and gameplay are easy to understand while not being too shallow. Basically you can count on Blizzard to deliver, even if it might take some time. Their games are good at what they are trying to do and generally have very few bugs compared to their competitors.
The problem is the "rightly so". People might hate others who didn't do anything to do them just because of their affiliation, but that is wrong. To say any reason for bigotry is correct will not solve anything.
That is just being soft. Of course you can condemn them for generalizing if they do. Bigotry is fueled by emotion and immaturity, not being able to separate between an ideology and people who believe in it. Being fine with people acting stupid because they experienced something, no matter how terrible, will only lead to more stupid acting.
I meant also not attack too.
Israeli here, it's not a common name but not that rare either. My name, Hilel, for comparision is much more rare.
Why is the general population having a higher base education a bad thing? A more knowledgeable society is only good.
Making it accessible will lead to more people having it, and a society with higher education levels will advance more quickly than one without. Some people who grow in poverty might have had been able to go to university if it was free, but they simply cannot afford it.
Actually Haifa has public transportation because of old laws from the Ottoman period. There are many laws that were inherited from when the Ottomans ruled the place.
Let's go!
It's worth the read. not a hard book and a really fun one.
If you coined it out it means he has 4 mana so it's basically 4 mana vs 4 mana trade, not that bad.
It doesn't matter, the north honors the oath and once you're a brother you stay that way, and neutral.
Well Abbas and his followers have no power over Gaza, so any progress it has means they are weaker in comparison. It makes sense for them to try and make this seem like a bad thing.
Mirror?
Cancer is a terrible thing. The disease has plagued my family for generations. It was rare for any of my ancestors to live past 50, and so when I learned of this truth I dedicated my life to finding a cure. My entire adult life I have spent in labs, searching for something I knew must be there. I never truly believed I will manage to find a cure, and with each passing year my faith grew thinner as I neared my death sentence. I took no wife, fathered no children, I had pledged my life to the cause. When I turned 46 the cancer was already in advanced stages, yet I had refused to seek outside treatment. I had pushed away all who might be hurt by my demise due to the indomitable cancer. The lab I resided in could have been mistaken for a mad scientist's lair, and in a way it might have actually been one. All sorts of animals were spread around in cages, each suffering from a different kind of cancer. Not a single treatment I tried worked. In some cases the cancer even spread faster than previously. The lab itself was located underground, near a main water line. The noise was hard to bare, but as my funding was cut almost completely I had to endure. The situation was dire for me. I was alone, afraid, and in terrible pain, yet that is not an excuse for what I did next. An idea has sprung into my mind in desperation, since I had failed in defeating the cursed disease, perhaps I could use it for a solution. A new fire burned in my heart. Hope returning from its grave, I worked harder than I did all those years past. It took my a year, seven months and three days to complete my plan. At this point the cancer has spread everywhere withing my body. I knew my days were few in this world. I had no time for proper testing, and so I injected myself with the serum and then activated the devise. It is hard to explain exactly what changes happened in me and to me, but the short explanation is that first the cancer had to be helped, making it spread throughout the body completely, changing all cells to cancer cells. Secondly the devise I have built reprogrammed the changed cells to function without having to die. It took me a while to wake up. I had basically died and was reborn then. I can't say I am the same as I was before the procedure, but the fact that a lot of my body was already made up of cancer cells made the transition less traumatic than it could have been. When I did finally managed to gain consciousness again, I woke in a place vastly different than the one I had been before. It appeared that during my coma an earthquake has hit my lab and most of my equipment was broken. Due to the water line nearby the place was flooded. My new body had to be put to the test immediately. I pushed and worked and after a most painful period of time I have managed to break free into the surface. I did not know how I looked, as the lab was completely dark after its destruction, but I knew I had to get some help. I walked the streets for a while before spotting a person from afar. I shouted to him yet they did not answer. It was only when I came closer that I could see that this was no person at all. A horrid twisted body stood in front of me, eating a fresh corpse of another horrid creature. I ran. It seemed to not follow me, busy with its feeding. I walked a while more before finding a reflective surface. The view that was before me was the same as I saw before. To my horror the transformation I had endured has made me a monster, but it did not explain the other monster. I screamed in pain, asking why everything was all wrong. I had only wanted to live. It was then fire has relieved me from my pain, and I suffered no more.
It's also because a large taunt is better in control decks. A 7/8 taunt on turn 5 is an excellent barrier to the flood of aggro decks, especially since there is no cheap silence anymore. It is not run since 1. there is are no shaman control decks, and 2. in control decks the overload hurts a lot more. If you run mainly little guys then being able to play only 1 instead of 2 is less painful than not being to play anything.
Not need to guess his hero level as it is 63, it says so right there in the picture. It's quite low still.
If they wanted to convey resentment they could have done a close up of her smile faltering for a bit. There should have been a clue for it in the show imo. It's not that hard to show the smile is fake.
She did kill the Frey sons, and I am pretty sure they weren't on the list.
I'd argue that so would be killing any Lannister for her. Especially one that left her father for dead.
And Jaime is responsible for just as much horrible shit. She either only goes for people in her checklist like /u/OozeNAahz said, or there is no reason for her not to go for Jaime as well. She didn't kill him probably because it would have been much harder to do so, not because she only kills people on her list.
Boros was definitely weakened during the fight, he says so himself at one point that he must end it quickly since he is using moves that he normally doesn't.
Play Again! would simply return anyone to full health.
No it only affects basic abilities.
Especially if he is telling you that when you are still at the restaurant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76_03o9bEPQ
Aidan is the dark wanderer right? I mean he also was the D1 knight, but that would be a pretty boring idea for a hero imo. In D1 he was pretty uninteresting, not sure how they go and make a kit for him.
Except JUSTICE of course.
Still doesn't make him interesting. I would rather they focus on a cool theme rather than flair or ties. There are many heroes with the whole package that could be brought in first. Characters like Grom, Lady Vash, Vol'Jin, Fenix all have interesting relations while also bringing in cool and unique hero fantasies.
Problem is he is not really Aidan at that point, he is simply Diablo in human form, and we already have him in-game. It could still be done, but it would be a bit weird.
It reminded me a bit of WC3's campaigns, since you had a hero and all.
Exactly! It fits the concept of stealing from enemies and giving to allies. Something like Frenzy could work. Increased attack speed for allies but they take extra damage or a bit of damage over time. This combined with something like Death Coil only to heal the lowest health ally or something and it could be an interesting kit.
The civilian to combatant death rate during the last war in Gaza was pretty normal to wars, if not better than most recent ones. Israel works to prevent as much loss of life as possible with warning and as such, but of course errors are made and some deaths cannot be prevented as well. Besides, you are trying to use emotional arguments. Of course someone who lost his family might not care if it was a mistake, a necessity or anything else, but just like victims are not responsible for the punishment of those that harmed them, so do emotion should not play a part in analyzing the situation. Things should be looked at objectively. Israel in fact actually carried punishment if its soldiers act violently without reason. The soldier that killed a terrorist after he was neutralized was apprehended, even though that terrorist just killed innocents (or tried to, I don't remember), this is because Israel is a country based on justice. Morally Israel is far superior to Palestine, and if you ignore it then I don't see why you even try to discuss things about the topic.
&gt; Peace will come when the Arabs will love their children more than they hate us. -Golda Meir It's completely alien to me that a mother would praise her son's death.
There are no *good* reasons for most of them to hate to US or Israel. Palestinians are mostly hurt by their own. Hamas and the PA steal most of the aid money they receive and actively/passively support terrorism which causes more backlash against the people (PA pays families of terrorists and praises killers). The true enemies of the Palestinians are their rulers.
NPCs have no concept of classes, you could pretend anyways.
It is more like a rock, it was never even alive.
Why though? It ends when they get to Earth in Area 51, and the story from here can only go in very different directions from the original. It is an end with no open parts left, since we can assume they never get out, from the real life myth.
Surprised to see it upvoted, especially since it does not say anything. Normally Hebrew I see here is made for inside jokes, or when discussing the Bible.
What did you try to say if I may ask?
Yeah Protoss is the micro race, Terran multitask since you need to have multiple drops, and Zerg is the macro race. Of course all races can be played in different styles, and all require all stuff to varying degrees, but I think this is what each race lean to.
Mkrlrleers glmloves krlrlavlarly's hrlmrere.
A talent to make wisp do silence aoe on death would be cool.
When they announced him they specifically said they do not want to do it that way. Managing his forms is a skill on its own, and allowing him to toggle it would remove a part of his depth.
Memories are a resource, the lack of them means he is powerless.
I could accept it if it was a talent. Exchange power for more control.
Ah I guess you are right, but with no experience it would be hard to channel the power in useful ways. Makes me think of a situation where a mage with no memory becomes a slave and fed information so his captors can use his power over and over however they like.
They lean left in certain topics and right in others. Liberal-conservative is a scale, not two points. Centrist parties do not lean either way substantially.
Yes nora means terrible, but it is an adjective relating to males. For females it is "nora'a", or "norait", so I do not think it would be a problem. Furthermore, the Hebrew word is spoken with an emphasis on on the 'ra' part, while as an English name the emphasis would be on the first part, so the name will sound nothing like the word 'terrible'.
So what is the leftmost? communism? socialism? Their opposite is capitalism. My vocabulary might a bit limited, but I can't think of a fitting term.
Pyschic powers are so diverse. Really cool to see all the things that can happen from them in Mob's world.
They could just make it so the nephalems have turned evil and you are demon/angel/regular human having to stop the strongest beings to ever exist.
There are degrees of infinity. When lim(n) = infinity, n^n is greater than n. For example Saitama's strength's cardinality is א and the scale's is א0.
Why is the sign facing the other way from her? She is trying to paint a message while not showing her face. This is pretty suspicious to me. There are definitely some racists in Israel, but this seems very fake.
&gt;There are definitely some racists in Israel Reading comprehension is hard. Just because there are horrible people in Israel does not mean all pictures like this are true. This one picture seems quite fake to me for the reasons I specified, but it does not mean there are no people who share a similar opinion to what is said in the sign.
Just saying this picture to me seems like it was set up and not done organically, nothing else.
A source that a picture was faked? Unless I was actually there and filmed them taking the picture that is impossible. It is my opinion nothing more. It might have been a real sign regarding the protest that was written in English for some reason and on both sides, and the picture was taken with the person facing the other way on chance, it's just that to me that seems suspicious, not that it matters much.
No one said that, Hamas just killed all the opposition. Israel had a left-leaning government about ten years ago. The political situation varies quite a bit every election, although the trend is going to the right in recent years.
Sounds similar to the current Israel-Palestine situation.
It varies with the league. He is better in higher leagues.
Also would overlap with Xul. Your idea sounds really good. I love passives in addition when picking ults.
Also, the DM is literally the voice of the gods, if he thinks the paladin is not acting in accordance to his vow he can and should warn the player that the character will lose its powers if it stays in the same path.
It was actually pink sulfur which explodes when exposed to heat, it is not found here on Earth sadly. Playing in a different universe has its benefits.
It leads to treasure, so if the players fail to figure it out it is no biggie.
For most people ~20 hours will be the total amount they do in a game anyways, expecting someone to suffer through that just to 'get to the good part' is silly.
Seems similar to how humans affected the globe in a short period of time. If in 500 million years a different species will rule, this period will seem quite odd to them in a similar way.
You in turn are just generalizing the left.
I am not even American lol, just pointing a hypocrisy. Also, two wrongs do not make a right.
Winrates do not tell the whole story, since they are influenced by pickrate, meta, difficulty of the hero, if the hero requires certain heroes in order to act its full potential, etc. Of course they are not meaningless, but judging the situation purely by them is a mistake. Anyways the discussion wasn't related to winrates, Alarak is one of the best laners in the game, but that doesn't mean he is one of the strongest heroes in the game.
&gt;hope the other team is unaware of the ability to walk left and/or right. Silver league yo.
Yeah the real cost of WoW is time not money. 100$ can be earned in 1-2 days of work of minimum wage.
In my opinion he is underrated, and is not widely used atm, but can work well in certain situations. He is basically a combination of Thrall and Kerrigen.
Heathen!
Imo when casting you shouldn't have a camera on, it takes away from the game itself. The focus is different than when streaming one's own games.
Knew you were going to say that.
That is how statistics work, even something that happens only 1% of the time will happen sometimes. Trump was very unlikely to be elected, and he did only win by a very slim margin in a few select states and lost by about 3 millions in the rest of the country.
Murky lvl 20 here, with over 500 games on him. I was also GM every season, although most Murky games are from preseason. Also able to answer questions regarding Artanis, Zarya and Diablo.
I play exclusively combo build, although I know other high level murkies like to also go for the sustain bubble build, but I don't know a lot about it. 1: **Fishtank**, it gives you extra surivability, which is the world to Murky. 4: **Living the Dream**, extra damage is very important for the build. 7: I used to go for bigger puffer back in the day, but nowadays people are much better at killing the puffer so **Slime Advantage** is my go-to pick here. Whittle them down to a health where the combo can kill them. 10: **Octograb**. 13: **Wrath of Cod**. 16: **Slimy Pufferfish**. 20: **Rewind**. Octograb improvement might seem like it deals a lot of damage, but slime-puffer-slime-puffer deals way more, although it takes some practice to do it right. He is an excellent solo-laner, and I would pick him in any maps where there are a lot of situations of 1v1s. His style post-10 is to always look for target to catch with your combo, or to push if no targets are available. So imo his best maps are **Dragon Shire, BoE, BHB, Sky Temple**, in that order. Lately there a lot of counters to him, so I barely got to play him, but I generally pick him only if i am last or near last pick, when there is a guarantee the other team has no tracer or Li Ming. Tracer is his ultimate hard counter, Li Ming, Zarya, Tychus, Valla, Anub, Kharazim, Tassadar, Medivh are his soft to medium counters. If there is only up to one soft counter it is fine to pick him imo. He works well vs any melee heroes since he can kite them with his slime, and his damage is surprisingly high so many times people underestimate him and die. He combos well with any global heroes that can help him pick off heroes, this included Abathur, BW, Dehaka, Artanis with laser, Nova, so if you have any of those in your team already Murky becomes stronger. Abathur especially is insanely good combo to Murky, although you need to communicate with your Aba a lot so he comes when you need him. The surprise extra sustain and dmg will mean you will be able to kill people during lanes a lot of times. Hopefully his rework will come soon. I feel like he doesn't need much to become good again, but we'll see.
[Mrglrlrrglr?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H93YTlzdddc&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=35s)
Nah, some people deserve them, but no one needs.
Because he has no fighting style. Garou can copy skill not ability.
Considering high levels, imo Rehgar, Malf are top. BW, Auriel, Kharazim are decent. If you can get malf or rehgar and ban the other you gain an advantage.
Awesome clip, it's pretty similar to this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__7b9O8k1tw Also very funny.
While you example is extreme, HS does have a much lower skill difference between players of different levels than other games, SC2 especially. The lack of a mechanical skill means that even a relatively large difference in level can be overcome occasionally. In SC2 a masters player will lose exactly zero times to a bronze player, even if they played a thousand matches, just like Usain Bolt will never lose to an average person in a race. In HS pros lose all the time to regular players, and occasionally even to complete newbies.
I think it is mostly due to HS having an obscene amount of players. Relatively SC2 has many more players-viewers ratio, but HS has many times the amount of players SC2 has.
Can you link to the original comic please?
Hopefully in 60 years, when the game takes place, the situation will be better in that area.
Why are you digging 4 month old comments?
He could be a summoner type, commanding squads of marines in combat, with auras to help allies.
Yeah for a single run the animation is better, but Diablo was never about a single run through the game.
Most bots delete their comments if they get downvoted to the negatives, it is the way it should be.
There is a universe where they already had season 4!
I would just rather not see stupid posts and comments, I don't care that much if that person improves.
So he is just running around completely naked? The prude!
Diablo 3 is very similar to what Heroes would be if it was single-player, definitely recommend to anyone who wishes a relaxing and satisfying gameplay.
Phh... rude of you!
Instead, pressing D will increase the next psi storm's damage by 300%. Make storm great again!
I don't think I've had any DCs whenever I played in the last months, I think that was mostly an issue in the early days of the game. That said, I play about 3 hours a month, so there might be issues but I just don't experience them.
Zombie Diablo best Diablo.
To be fair the current version is a lot weaker than when it was an ult. Most pure pve ults are meh, possession was just especially bad considering Sylvanas's kit.
All of these are better in specific situations. Raiders the least, but still.
The question was not about meh tier though. Archon is better if the enemy mostly consists of heroes that can escape from forcefield.
After 20 in a full hat build using symbiote contributes more to the fight than a clone, so I would say in such a build monstrosity is better.
People hated that it was feminine looking.
I am just theorycrafting a bit, nothing serious.
It is a joke meant on double meaning, that is like doing /nocotext on most jokes, they are meant to be absurd.
Varian is absolutely a viable tank.
About Born in battle, it also reduces the cooldown of your ult, so it is better than it looks imo.
It will only be possible on long games in Braxis Holdout and TotSQ, perhaps on very long games on other small maps as well. I think it is cool to have a super-lategame talent, since it is useful by midgame too.
I think leave the 40 and make the early one 15 would be better to make support Tass viable.
Sometimes bugs become features.
I would love to have some talents to spec for damage. Something like 'increase the cooldown of shield by 3 seconds but double storm damage' at lvl 4 or 7. Let us have mage Tassadar in addition to supp Tass.
Armor is extremely valuable since it increases the value of healing over a long period of time.
As long as you are not a pro everything is a thing.
Saitama was once a regular human too, so you can never know.
Being gay is also sort of a mental illness, but it is incurable so it doesn't matter. The same for trans people, the only 'cure' is sex change operation. As such, the best course of action is to accept the 'delusion', for their health and security. If we knew more and be able to 'fix' it then the situation might be different, but it is not. You don't have to listen, just ignore it if it bothers you.
&gt;sometimes
Yeah besides the ult her entire kit is already present in Zera, like literally it feels like they made her then decided they needed a kit for Zera. Of course they can make her differently, but her roles are already all in the game.
And how does men in drags affect you? Where I am from a lot of bathrooms are unisex anyways so I don't see a problem.
Are unisex bathrooms PC somehow? I don't get it. There have been unisex bathrooms before PC culture began. It just makes sense if there isn't a lot of room or if the place is small. Having a single stall instead of 2 is more financial if there is no need for 2.
I live in Israel and here stalls are not built where you can peek into them, no one can watch you when you pee. PC is barely a thing here, bathrooms are just not an important issue. There are bigger things to worry about. There is no agenda, it is just a silly thing to care deeply about. Most public bathrooms are split, but in pubs and occasionally restaurants unisex bathrooms are common. A lot has to do with property value in cities being too expansive so any room matters. I think many places in Europe have unisex bathrooms too.
While this idea seems good, I do not think everything has to be a quest, imo Blizzard are already kinda pushing it with so many quests.
Broken is used for too strong, nothing to do with fun.
Yes, that is why he still does it, it beats a regular job by both money, and effort needed.
In D3 there are many people who were demon hunters, crusaders, etc, Valla is just one of the DHs. There is no playable single character in the lore, unlike previous games. The short stories tell more about it.
Yeah he could send his gloves, boots, etc in the opposite direction, which should generate enough force to bring him quickly to his target.
Depending on the time they could also just pick up chips some rich guy doesn't notice he leaves behind.
Different skills translate differently in different games. While both games are RTS, the exact required abilities are slightly different for each game.
Yes, while it is likely terrorists will try to attack the Jerusalem embassy, Israel is very good at stopping such attacks, so the likelihood of it doing anything is slim.
And also pretty easy compared to some of his other promises. It will be a quick result.
A lot Palestinians actually want a 1 state solution, since it would mean the end of Israel as it currently is. Its Jewish nature will cease to exist in one way or another.
How is that an answer? You are just deflecting.
They are, but enough to matter. Israeli Arabs are treated better in Israel than Native Americans do in America. If Israel decides to annex the West Bank then the situation will be very similar. The biggest differences are that Native Americans are not violent, and that they actually suffered genocide.
They could balance it by giving it increased overall cooldown, or just a 3.5 delay between casts.
You said it was broken, so I proposed a way to solve having 2 charges while still being balanced.
They are more support than assassin though, even when the spec for damage.
Only widows of terrorists recieve money.
Just because you are good at something does not mean you like it.
A better term would be his squire imo.
The battlenet app allows you to download all Blizzard games from SC2's release and on.
For how long? They will be out eventually. The best way to solve it is to reform them, and prisons are bad for that in the US.
The context makes it much worse, it is only mildly sexual without.
Only it is misinformed on a few points. One being that attacks happened long before 1967. The occupation of the West Bank is not the main reason for terrorism. Even the last wave of stabbing started because of rumors Israel was going to allow Jews to pray on the Temple Mount. Also, he misspelled Palestine, although that just shows an indication of lack of knowledge, not evidence of it. If you wish to really learn about the topic you will do better to get a balanced mix of opinions and articles from both sides, rather than random people on the internet.
Israeli Arabs are fully integrated into society, and while the overwhelming majority is peaceful, whenever terrorism happens tensions rise. A few bad apples can create more easily, abusing human nature. Regarding Palestinians, the checkpoints and wall minimized suicide bombing so much it has basically become impossible to commit. It is sad, but needed since terrorism still occurs everynow and again, and would be much worse without the barriers. Still, this is only relevant regarding Palestinians, Israeli Arabs share no separation, and there are many community efforts to bridge the gap.
That is a pretty silly way to see it imo, people don't play d2 for 1000 hours for the story. Once you know it you know it, there are no new things. In d3 there are at least mini quests occasionally. Doing something for a long period of time will feel repetitive no matter what it is. I personally play Diablo3 once every 2-3 months, because the combat is pretty amazing, but I could never play it as a maingame, not sure how people do it for any ARPG.
I actually like the story mode, not because of the overall story, but the individual stories. Imo Blizzard barely has any excellent game stories, but they are really good at small stories, and interesting characters. In Starcraft2 for example, in Heart of the Swarm the general story is quite weak, predictable, and can be a bit unrealistic, but it does not matter since it gave us beloved characters such as Abathur, Stukov, Dehaka, and even Zagara. I have fun listening to the people around the camp rather than just doing the gameplay in the story. Imo how each character reacts to the events is very interesting.
To be fair more fluid is mostly because of the improvement of technology, just like SC2 is more fluid than SC1, and WC3 was more fluid than 2 and 1. The overall modernity is quite appealing to me. That it is on Bnet, the graphics, etc.
Raynor used to be an honorary Protoss, so he could work until we get a 5th member.
Is there more than one path?
Meh that will get boring quickly imo. Most heroes will have a hard time finishing the game. If they altered it like they did the mage brawl, or did added objectives, then it would be fine.
Yeah they should just change her to be 4% in all, I doubt it will make her viable even then.
Her scariness was always her early game anyways. Scaling barely affects the laning phase, which is what you would pick her for. She used to be the scariest lane bully in the game, with only thrall being able to survive vs her, but now there are many better than her. Lategame she was never good, and a bit more damage won't make her lack of escape, self sustain, or CC to suddenly appear.
If you're not going to go for at least some of the earlier W talents, I think at 16 all of the other talents are better for tank Uther, and Righteous Defense probably the most. It would mean he has 60 armor for 2 seconds, which is very good. Basically a mini Hardened Shield on a short cooldown.
That is true for everyone else though. You should stop feeling so superior over others. The amount of knowledge any single person has is dwarfed compared to that of humanity.
As I am not even American you did not hurt my feelings. You can feel however you want, but imo thinking as if the only people who voted for him did so because they were ignorant is ignorant in itself.
Besides the Hebron Massacre, check the events of 1936-1939: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1936%E2%80%9339_Arab_revolt_in_Palestine The world rarely goes without violence for long periods of time.
Just because there is no serious tag it does not mean everything has to be a joke.
There is a Malf skin for Illidan, and an Illidan skin for Malf. The skin could just be called 'Apocalypse Due' or something similar if the name is a problem. Since it should keep a similar silhouette to Cho'Gall the eventual actual heroes will look quite different to the skin, so that wouldn't be a problem.
I think it's worth it just for the voiceover of Junkrat and Roadhog arguing all the time. It would be epic to hear them constantly talk while in-game. The constant chit-chat is a really fun part of Overwatch and only rarely happens in Heroes.
Maybe let them give out quests? Do a specific thing then they sell a few random expensive items that might hold some value?
Yeah, a bit more focus on the RPG part will be nice. I would love if they added more random scenarios too, it is the favorite thing in the game for me. Little tidbits of lore are awesome, especially if they are challenging as well.
I think you might not be remembering things exactly how they are, as I think there is more lore available in D3 than in D1 and D2. The story's quality is another thing, but D3 does a lot to build the world and make it feel alive imo. I feel like besides the main story, and the vanilla villains, D3's story is as good as the previous games', if not better. D1 had very little lore in-game IIRC, which was actually a very large factor for why it was so good. It was mysterious and dark; unknown. It was small scale, which worked very well. D2 and D3 are much different. The added lore and knowledge of the world is interesting and fun to experience, but means it will be hard to give the same frightening experience D1 brought. Regardless, the short stories are amazing reads, the followers' missions were a really cool way to see the world besides the main plot-line, and in general there is a large amount of dialogue available for consumption. Diablo2 is generally considered to have a much better story, but it does not invalidate D3's lore.
It doesn't take all of them to be horrible. If even 1% are it's enough to cause a hell lot of issues. I have near zero statistical knowledge of how many refugees are pro sharia law, supporters of terrorism, etc, so I can't form a real opinion about it, but the thing that is happening in Europe is definitely not proper. I believe screening against violent people/extremists/non-refugees is the way to go, without it an unreasonable amount (if there even is such an amount that is not zero) of the accepting country's citizens will be hurt.
That is because the majority is Christian, the only ones able to are Christians, the others have no power. The situation is either Christians implementing religious laws, or no one does. Of course that has nothing to do with immigration or my comment, so I am not sure why you brought it up.
I mean besides his melee, who all have. It would be cool if he has a special ability in melee, so reaching the backline is stronger than it is right now.
The silhouette will have to resemble Cho'Gall, so there ought to be enough differences between the skin and the heroes.
They could easily change it so the skills are very different. One way would be it having a much shorter range and cooldown, so to make it less of a pull and kill, and more of an escape deny, or to mess with the positions of the enemy tanks. There are many similar abilities in the game, as long as the rest of his kit is different it should be fine.
Yeah I don't get it, there is corruption, and a lot of other things, but a coup has a very specific meaning.
How so? To me it seems China opposes Trump so far.
You do realize that there are some countries that are run by Islamic law right? The US is not the entire world.
Are you discussing with a meme, or with me? What does it matter what some random unknown people once said? Talk to them if you want to discuss their points. You should also check what sharia law is, nothing in the US comes close to it. The USA is still a democracy, and while religion should not play part in politics at all, saying the current situation is anything like homosexuality being punished by death, leaving religion being punished by death, and premarital sex, even by the result of rape, being punished by jail time/death, is just downright absurd.
Anyone knows why is there a random gate on the bottom right of the map? Also, there is a breach in the wall in the middle right area? Seems a bit odd. Overall really awesome anyways!
I thought about this for a while, and my favorite storm talents are those that change the playstyle of the hero, rather than enhance it. Things like Zagara's Nydus upgrade are really cool. It gives near global range for creep, thus giving her some remote vision to check for things like bosses, as well as her old backdoor capacity. A few cool ideas I have: **Anu'Barak** - (Eternal Army) Beatles have unlimited duration. Another option would be that beetles spawn in pairs. Basically allow him to mass up a large army. **Arthas** - (There Must Always Be a Lich King) After dying possess the closest ally (favoring heroes), give them a shield and allow usage of your abilities while on them. Press D to switch targets (limited range). If the Target dies the ability is canceled. **Tyrael** - (Eternal Justice) Your trait has 100% increased radius and damage. Reduce death timer by 10 seconds for each enemy hero killed by it, and by 2 seconds for each other enemy. Give us a suicide hero!
Only without a story. Even only a bit of lore reason for why we are attacking the specific locations would be cool.
*5, each distruptor requires personal attention, and the sentries are another thing to do.
Sounds awesome! Would love to see some different brawls in the game that use heroes' skills in a clever way like this. I think having a target to reach would be better though, rather than last-man-standing. Make it a kind of a maze, with a few exits. Players have to avoid the butchers as well as delay other players while vying for the exits.
This is not internal US figure speaking, but a UN figure. He is judging one member while ignoring many others. In the UN all countries are supposed to be treated equally.
Israel does allow them in, as long as they pass security clearance. They even not stamp their passports so the people can go back to their countries without being prosecuted.
Why were there no repercussions before then? Until the US started acting out no one gave a shit. The truth is there is a huge double standard. The UN should have condemned all of these countries if it wants to condemn the US now without being hypocritical.
Because history is not worth preserving? Religion was a major part of human culture since prehistory, so it makes sense a large part of ancient places are related in a way to religion. Destroying all religious places will mean the destruction of a huge chunk of history.
You're comparing ratings to the justice system. It would be comparable if the police didn't prosecute regular people, but went after the big rich guy. The UN is about all countries, not just the large ones. The fact is that the UN is quite biased against Israel, so any grievance to it doesn't matter. Israel is much smaller than some of these other nations and yet the UN condemns Israel all the time while ignoring them.
That is just excusing the UN for its bias. Judge all to the same standard, or else how can nations change? If you don't condemn a country for an action you deem wrong, you give them evidence their action was just. The UN doesn't work with bias of low expectations.
Can you source me these condemnations? This is what I found: http://www.unwatch.org/updated-chart-of-all-unhrc-condemnations/ None of the countries condemned were so because they refuse entree to Israeli citizens, as many countries who also refuse entree were not condemned. In truth the UN is a very biased organization.
You should play the Southpark game 'Stick of Truth' to get the reference. It's a very good game regardless of course, highly recommend.
Really like it! Anyone know if there is a lore reason for why the switches the eye color, or is it just an artistic direction?
That is not how liability works. You can't inherit debt.
The common (and the official) way is to drop the lowest, not subtract it. This gives you values between 3 and 18 instead of 2 to 17 like your system does.
Action Surge is lvl 2, not 1. You do get a fighting style though.
If OP is going to go 2 weapon fighting the extra attack will mean a bit less since it's only 50% increase in the number of attacks instead of 100%.
Bald theory you got there.
I think Bard might be a decent option. Using magical secrets to get Swift Quiver and going the valor subclass you will have 4 attacks per round. You can get +4 in dex and sharpshooter for 1d8+14 damage times 4. If all hit it will be 74 average damage.
Another year is not soon either, although it's quite likely Emerald is wrong on how long it is going to take.
I don't think he would be keen on learning all the spells though, a Bladesinger is still a Wizard.
I agree completely, what I meant was total power, including utility, not just numbers. Champion should definitely deal more damage than Battlemaster, but its overall strength should be lower than a well used Battlemaster.
There was a TIL about it not so long ago. That last part was added at a later time to when the original was created.
Using biological weapons no less.
I agree, his damage is going to be insane from lvl 7. His lvl 16 talent moved to 7 and 13 one to 4. Damage Malf is going to be pretty viable.
Wasn't that just a rhetorical question?
Yeah, a good deed to the Pharoe.
Then don't go bear totem. There are other options.
It would cancel your negative dex though, so you would have an ok AC.
You speak with a lot of confidence, but I only started games by playing with new people, as my friends don't play, and I've yet to have any overly bad experiences. As long as you discuss beforehand and you are all in a similar enough mindset, playing with people you've never met can work out great.
Enjoyed the video and I agree with his points, but [Spoilers E99](#s " ironically most of the villains in the show aren't actually complex. There were no moral qualms with killing giant evil dragons, no sympathizing with an Orcus fueled beholder, and even the Briarwoods were pretty cut and dry evil. There were other villains that did fit this video, but they weren't the BBEGs.")
If he was raping gay men it would it be better? PPP is an immoral character, and he should be seen as such to you no matter who you are.
PPP got out very bloody from that fight. I doubt he could win a fight vs a low dragon seeing Sea King was a high demon and destroyed PPP.
I really think they should make the return weapon a free action, that way you could go for full thrower build with 2 throwing weapons.
Kavdak, Grog's uncle, was a villain with an arguable moral standing. Yes, his values and methods are evil in our eyes, but his society is all about strength, and so to him weakness is evil.
You're confusing OOC and in character moments. Just because Sam didn't plan it a lot in advance does not mean Scanlan didn't replace Grog with Lionel (although probably subconsciously). In character Lionel has been accompanying Scanlan as his bodyguard for quite some time.
37% more 20s than 1s, pretty insane how lucky VM is. I wonder who has the most luck (after Percy of course). Also shows just how crazy Matt is, especially since so many of his NPCs sound distinctly.
I might need to see it again, when I watched it I was not so focused. Scanlan is extremely strong but I don't think he enjoys fighting so much, and having a big strong guy near you can stop people who are not swayed by honeyed words. And of course while Lionel is weaker than Scanlan he could still assist in battle. Scanlan has to sleep sometimes, and if any opponent cast silence or robbed him of his spellcasting ability in another way, he would need any help he could get.
Yeah, and Lionel said he was with Scanlan for something like 8 months IIRC.
And if he will go Champion next level he will have 20% crit chance.
That is still about 3 months.
In OW you can do achievements in comp and I've yet to see someone chase after them there, so I don't think it should be a problem.
That is true, but just saying that lategame power is nothing to scoff at. You still do always have to balance how strong your lategame and earlygame are.
Humans are insanely dangerous killing machines that will do anything in order to survive. In an all out war I am sure muggles stood a chance even in ancient times.
This chain shows that absolute statements are generally wrong. There are edge cases to most things.
The last one looks like it is from Samurai Jack.
In Israel many people identify themselves by their parents or grandparents country of birth, similarly to people in America calling themselves Irish or Italian where they have never been to those countries.
Yeah the main reason for people to stop working on those ports is if a new game is released which would make people want to port the older games to the new one. If there is no new game in the next 10 years I could see Oblivion and Morrrowind being successfully ported to Skyrim's engine.
I like it too, but yeah, a d6 damage die and double attack don't really matter for a sorcerer. While it might be occasionally useful to have some melee features in case you are already in melee, you would probably be better off getting away anyways. Either go all out on melee with armor and increased damage at higher levels, or don't consider it while balancing the subclass, since it's basically flavor.
This is the best answer imo, as being in combat as a condition can be questioned.
He actually meant 1,520 years. Welcome to the information age.
It looks very good!
Like a great man once said, the good does not remove the bad, and the bad does not remove the good.
A free 1d6 attack is insane. If you go for something like Champion Fighter you usually have no use for your bonus action, so you're basically getting a 1d6+Str modifier for free.
That is why it is only top 3, the Switch release didn't make it to the list.
I am sure it depends on the edition, but in 5e only damage over the HP of the form is transferred over, so if the squid is in full health and takes 80 damage then the main form only takes 8 damage.
Thank you for the feedback, I will have to check the subclass you mentioned.
He only has resistance to some damage, he still has no resistance to acid, nerco, radiant, and psychic. Those are not common damage types, but any group with a cleric or paladin can easily have them.
Not all vestiges were created by the gods, Mythcarver for example was not.
Chris Metzen could definitely work as Dranzel, totally see him do it well.
I think the first version was a bit underpowered, although it definitely seems very fun. This new version seems pretty good, but I feel like the capstone feature is now a bit strong. IIRC you fully recover all HP and half of your hit dice on a long rest, so I think it's a bit too powerful. Keeping it at a short rest but perhaps giving you 2 uses, or another bonus in addition to the short rest could work well.
Bard for Magical Secrets seems like an obvious choice, then going for something to complement the spells you take. Swift Quiver can work with Fighter/Ranger quite well; go full archer.
I think Valor Bard has pretty large antisynergy with any martial class. Both weapon/armor and multiattack features are present in other martial classes. I think Rogue would probably net you more damage.
The problem is not with Fighter, it's with the Valor subclass. It's not the end of the world, but if you went for Lore Bard you would get most of what Valor gave you anyways with Fighter.
That is only the depiction in game, which doesn't reflect the lore usually in video games. Things have to be scaled down so it fits on the screen, so we can't really tell what size they are meant to be.
Luckily all the guest PCs can be trusted.
Still, you can have a situation where a Rogue can have more knowledge about arcane stuff than any Wizard is able to, unless that Wizard takes a level in Rogue. In that sense the expertise feats from UA fix the issue pretty nicely I think. If you really want to have expertise you can have it without losing class features.
They only get linked when there is one, so it seems like there is one for everything.
Getting to high enough lvl from lvl 2 took them 5 years, I doubt Matt will plan so far from the start of the new campaign.
Loving your series on racial subclasses. This one really has a nice theme and a choice of going for Strength over Charisma as a main stat is pretty cool, even though you would still most of the time want Charisma since your other spells still benefit from it. I think making Tribal Necessity benefit from Strength instead of Constitution would make a Strength-based build a bit more viable. The +2 racial bonus currently is probably not worth it to invest in Strength since you don't need to use melee weapons or heavy armor, so it's only useful in a one scenario. What is the duration for shedding light from the Excessive Force ability? Also, perhaps make the Vital Vigor ability use your sorcery points instead of spell slots? It feels a bit more appropriate, although I guess both work. Overall I think it can fit pretty nicely as a shaman or other types of wild mage, it seems like it can be fun roleplaying too.
So the light can continue indefinitely? Interesting, but I guess it is fine for a high level ability. I think you should consider having at least one more ability to use your Strength for, as Con and Dex are pretty generally useful already, and you want high Cha, so you will likely want to have Str as at least in the bottom half. Since it currently simply replaces Cha, you will probably go one or the other, which kinda damages the concept imo. As you said, Con is already useful with concentration and other saves, as well as of course HP, so since everyone wants Con anyways I don't see why Str cannot be used instead. In the end I guess having a more balanced set of stats is fine, and Athletics can be useful anyways, so it can work out fine.
My point is that with the way the current subclass is built, if one was to min/max they would still go for Cha over Str. Of course you do not have to min/max, but it can feel bad as a powergamer.
He probably just didn't think he will want to publish it one day so he didn't look at the rules enough.
No Duck Totem?
Jaina being the leader of the Alliance Would be pretty sweet, or at least back to being sane again.
Yeah this would be like the biggest railroading DM ever.
Well it's very rarely 100% lethal, so you basically have 90% to have lethal, and while going face is generally the right choice, it's somewhat understandable people are afraid and prefer to wait for guaranteed better odds. Of course usually that gives a chance for your opponent to draw out their win condition, flipping the game around, but still.
Yeah this is silly, it feels like it would fit in a meme sub rather than this one.
No one forced you to play it. It's just a skin.
If you think your group will likely free the slaves you can to the dilemma by actually making the slaves to be minor criminals. Something not too big, where slavery shouldn't be its punishment, but enough to make freeing them not the automatic response.
I just haven't seen the appeal of wasting time doing something you don't enjoy just for a skin, which is why I can't fathom the complaining about it. I think skins are nice, but so many people have the need to have all of the skins, so much that they end up doing things they dislike just for completing their collection which in the end doesn't bring that much satisfaction due to there being new skins all the time. I don't think this new lootbox is a solution, because I don't think the problem is people not having enough skins, the issue is people's attitude.
20 is the natural max which can be achieved without magical means.
Lvl 20 characters are basically demigods, they are able to do things people IRL cannot do. A fighter is able to load and fire a heavy crossbow 8 times in the span of 6 seconds, as well as move 30 feet and possibly using a bonus action. The str and con are mechanically not magical, but are pretty unnatural.
It is a Hitchhiker Guide to the Galaxy reference. The most intelligent beings on Earth are in fact mice, who were using Earth as a supercomputer in order to find the ultimate question.
Vax has an AC of 20 which is very high, but he is not the highest; Pike has an AC of 23.
Well Haste is only once per day and only for a minute right? His regular AC is still 21 then.
Should have been left with Kynan.
They might have been able to kill/heavily damage Delilah or the death knight though, giving them an actual chance to kill alone Vecna.
I am sure the death knight could use a new pet.
Also allowed, not aloud.
At least it is not the actual finale and there will be another episode next week.
I don't see the issue for the last arc not occurring. I feel like Matt is fine with opening the new campaign.
Yeah I agree it wasn't close.
According to her reaction I don't agree. She definitely didn't want it to happen, but she believed she could bring him back, so death wasn't the top fear in her mind. She knows she will have to see him go eventually anyways, as she is supposed to live about 10 times the amount he could.
He could potentially have some kind of magic item that allows him to add a bonus to all ability checks, but yeah it's probably Int 30.
He might have some item that increases his range though. Even just being able to use metamagic (by using suude or by other means) would justify it.
I think it would be really fun if Matt and Liam did that RP segment you just described, filmed it and after the resurrection failed and the ordeal revealed, they put the video on to show how he is alive.
I mean it's Vecna, he could have some crazy artifacts that Matt created. Of course it's more likely he just didn't notice, but I don't think it is a big deal (even if it did effect the battle quite a lot), since rules can be bent for the rule of cool a lot of times, and it fit the moment for him to stop people from all sides, showing his power.
That sounds more like he took proficiency in D&amp;D rather than having a high Int score. Having a high Int makes you a good strategist.
Yeah, d8 to restore all spells from that level and below, so if they roll a 8 they get all their spells back besides the level 9 one.
Damn you are right, and they were hidden so no Counterspell which means there is a decent chance many of them would die. At least some would have Feather Fall, but they would need to make concentration checks.
Ah my bad, I misread that. So it's not as powerful, but still it basically means he can fireball basically every turn and it would take ages for him to run out of spells.
You can cross the text by putting ~~ before and after the text, like so. ~~that's five years of my life down the drain~~
Intelligence is not only knowledge. While insight helps when tailoring a strategy to specific opponents, you can also strategize without knowing who you are facing. For example in chess when facing a random opponent online, your insight can help you, but it is nothing without your intelligence. Finding solutions is Int not Wis, and strategy is finding a solution to a specific problem.
Only if it was an NPC. On a PC the DC is determined by the player since its their character.
Trolling is not a good excuse. It is not a terribly important detail anyways, but ignorance would have been better than trying to annoy people by wasting time.
+8, due to his 22 Cha and +2 Jack of All Trades.
Scanlan with Wish is going to be a hell of a force. He could wish everyone became immune to hold person and then they will stand a chance.
Yeah, makes me think most of them should get the Resilient(Wisdom) feat in order to stand a chance against his spells.
Ah yes, my bad. Thought it was just a straight +2 because it's been like that for most of the show.
Yeah, but knowing that it is caused by the bullets not being magical is different.
I love Junkrat on offense there, you're basically a siege weapon.
Well it seems like he got way more powerful. Still not even close to what he needs of course.
Sadly duo to the curse he would still have only +4 to Wisdom saving throws, so he will still need a natural 20 in order to beat the spell DC of Vecna.
It's balanced because you need a bonus action to cast Hex, so you have a weaker weapon for the first round than you would have if you went for a 2H weapon. You gamble the target surviving for a few rounds, so it's mainly good vs beefy things.
Would Mending or other similar effects not work? Unless all that remains is a puddle I am sure things can be reconnected.
Ah you took the Dual Wielder feat, with that it's more viable. You can use the sword two-handed in the first round then add the second sword when you have a the bonus action free. That way you lose less damage.
I mean, with very lucky rolls they could possibly capture him instead of kill him, thus keeping him from returning. Scanlan could have remained a beholder and take one for the team and so Vecna would be powerless while they search for his phylactery. It is extremely far fetched of course, and not something they would do, but still.
Tie him up? Rope then iron shackles. He is not very strong so I doubt he could break free. Chain him to the ground so he can't hurt himself either.
Yes, I feel like while telling a good story is important, taking away player agency makes it not worth it. Freedom of choice is what D&amp;D is all about for me, and I think it should have been able to win the fight even if it didn't fit the story. Of course every DM does things differently and that is fine, especially since VM didn't do things optimally anyways. In the end the show is still very good even with its flaws.
Grog is still stronger with 26 Str and adv. on all Str checks. Together with Pike they could easily overpower Vecna even if he has 20 Str.
Antimagic cone does not stop artifacts right? So the Knuckles should still work. Anyways he has adv. on all Str checks while raging, so Grog should have the upper hand regardless.
As I said in another comment, they could keep him in the antimagic cone while tying him up so he can't leave it. The best way to deal with things that come back to life is to imprison them. It would force Scanlan to become a beholder permanently, but it's probably the only way they could truly win.
I am pretty sure they are magical so beyond the initial hold you would need to use regular shackles, but yeah they would be very useful there. I wonder if Vecna can cast without Somatic or Vocal, if not then the Iron Bands should be a pretty hard counter to him, if you can reach him.
Yes that was my point.
[There is a comment below that linked this](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-KH2B6FuV7lU/V8rxvwbDy_I/AAAAAAAA5pw/-F9W9JEuBaEZ61sS7H-MzJzQKrwKCZgxwCHM/s16000/0024-043.png). What do you think caused that man to look like this if not rape?
You can still use mods with bad computers, some mods barely affect performance and really improve gameplay.
Just because the base game is great does not mean it can't be better, and mods do make it better. You do you, but without trying mods how can you tell you won't have more fun with them?
I really love this system, also because there is a much bigger difference between low stats and high stats. It doesn't make sense to me that someone with 3 in Str has only -4 to the roll vs someone with 10. The difference IRL is so much bigger even between people of similar strength, while in dnd someone with 1 Str has an actual chance of beating someone with 20. Calculating checks the way you described makes it much closer to reality.
I did not get why it is ironic, care to share?
Thank you.
Sound is really low.
How do you decide if something is possible? If a Str 3 PC and a Str 20 PC want to arm wrestle, will you rule it that the 20 Str PC just wins? What about Str 8 and 12? And would you do it differently than both roll a simple Str check? I don't see how RAW you should do anything different than a straight Str check for both. If you do it when they have a close Str value, where is the line? IRL even a small difference means the world. A Str 11 will win almost 100% of the time vs a Str 10, even though in-game they have the same chance of victory.
Really good stuff. Rama changes so quickly from benign to scary. Do not mess with 15k years old beings.
This is the first time i read past the first part of such stories. This one is really good.
Better yet, use Homebrewery. Doesn't take that much time to get familiar with it.
They need the Sword of Chad to destroy them though.
That sounds like a feature more than a bug.
They could have really used a power suit there, or at least some body builder.
Or just use it for True Resurrection.
Vecna is old right? Turning him into a diamond would be quite fitting.
Yeah the whole point is the swarm. A Zerg encounter shouldn't be one creature. You can't feasibly put more than 10 creatures at once without grinding the combat to a halt, but even 3-4 zerglings and 2-3 hydras sounds much more zergish than sending one big creature.
A Zerg invasion can make any fantasy setting immediately scarier and more special. You can also play on the infestation part, which is pretty much a zombie apocalypse where the zombies are coordianted by a hivemind and supplemented by terrifying hellish beasts.
Can you give a list for all changes to the core class? A bit hard to read everything just to spot the small details.
Ants definitely can benefit from humans. Say you just spilled some food and did not clean it, free and easy food source. Humans can be responsible for killing predators of ants, etc. Yes, oftentimes humans hurt ants, just like GOOs generally affect mortals negatively, but there are exceptions.
I mean, you could always have some other villain take Vecna's place. Have Delilah try the same thing, or take the fight to Orcus.
Wish has so many other uses I think it's fair. True Polymorph is also versatile, but not as much. Wish is way more powerful and allows for more things, so I don't think allowing TP to work like that is that bad.
That was hilarious.
Vax could do it himself though, if he wanted to know. Also, could Vex do it? Primevil awareness or something like that.
Poor Percy didn't get a hope from Vax.
Hell would have been funny.
Yeah if Grog would have got his wish to become immortal he would probably just be transported to a demiplane to live for all eternity in peace. Either that become an undead or something similar.
I assume you tried to write 'nonetheless'?
That was amazing.
Looks like it is not a direct copy though. HD D2 will probably look cleaner, although the graphics might be a bit worse since this uses 3rd models.
Giving someone publicity is not negative for them in most cases.
Army people are probably more suicidal.
Yeah it was probably because Matt assumed they will take more time before going to Seranrae and need to prepare what happens there.
He would make a cool god based on speed and shadow. His symbol would be three daggers with trickery and death domains.
