Property taxes are extremely regressive, much more so than sales taxes (which aren't really regressive at all in our case, due to their many exemptions).
Since the bridge opened, they've had to tear down the old bridge, and add 2 more lanes to the new bridge. Perhaps they couldn't add the pedestrian lane until that work was finished.
There's a lot of negativity from people here, but from what you're saying here, I think you've got the right mindset to appreciate a move. If you enjoyed living in Newfoundland, just for the sake of being somewhere new and getting a fresh start to live more independently, then I bet you'll have a blast in Vancouver. You should go for it.
Yeah it's pretty funny, when people talk about how many "self-made" billionaires there are, they're often referring to people born into families that were "only" at the 95th percentile for wealth. [For example](http://www.cnbc.com/id/49167533), Forbes considers 70% of American billionaires to be "self made". But that group includes not only people like Mark Zuckerberg, whose parents were a dentist and a psychiatrist (and thus would be in the wealthiest 5% of families), but it even includes people who inherit "medium-sized companies" or more than $1 million (but less than $50 million) of start-up capital.
&gt;Despite the the outcry of hippies and Reddit, the demand for oil is not going to go away soon That's beside the point though, because the proposed bitumen pipelines are not needed at current production levels. If we maintain current levels of oil sands production for now, and then start to gradually reduce production as we reduce our dependency on petroleum fuels, we will not need these new pipelines. Alberta is already pumping a lot of oil, we don't need to triple oil sands from current production levels (1.8 million barrels/day) to 5.2 million barrels/day by 2030, which is the stated intention of the 4 pipeline proposals. Our country is supposedly aiming for a 30% *reduction* in greenhouse gases by 2030, yet we're going along with the oil industry's plan to *increase* oil sands production by 200% over the same time span? Those goals are incompatible, and to me that's a problem. &gt;95% of the gas used by Metro Vancouver gas stations comes through the TransMountain pipeline But isn't that irrelevant to the proposed twinning of the pipeline? As far as I'm aware, none of Metro Vancouver's gas will come through the additional pipeline, since it will be carrying unrefined bitumen, to be loaded onto tankers and shipped straight to China.
Ha, you don't have to be a hippie to disagree with the pipeline proposals. Well let's look at it this way: oil sands production in 2012 was 1.8 million barrels/day, and that oil got to market via existing transportation options, mostly existing pipelines. I can't find numbers for 2014, but in [2013](http://www.energy.alberta.ca/oilsands/791.asp) production was apparently 1.98 million barrels/day. Now the following pipelines have been proposed, to enable a major expansion of the oil sands: Keystone - 830,000 barrels/day Energy East - [1.1 million barrels/day](http://www.transcanada.com/news-releases-article.html?id=1746092) Transmountain - 600,000 barrels/day Northern Gateway - 525,000 barrels/day Add those up, and it's over 3 million barrels/day in *additional* capacity for moving bitumen from the oil sands, on top of the capacity already exists. Even if no pipelines from the oil sands currently existed, that would still be overkill at current production levels. [This Toronto Star article](http://www.thestar.com/business/economy/2014/01/31/why_is_keystone_so_important_to_supporters_and_opponents.html) lists most of the numbers I mention above, and also shows a helpful graph showing the Canadian Association Petroleum Producers' plans for oil production until 2030. And it just so happens that their plans include about 3 million barrel/day of oil sands growth, on top of all projects already operating or under construction. So the 3 million barrels of additional pipeline capacity will be necessary for the oil sands to expand production by an additional 3 million barrels/day. But at current production levels, they are basically not needed. Now don't get me wrong, if someone supports the rapid expansion of the oil sands, then it would be reasonable enough for them to also support these pipeline proposals. But personally, as someone who thinks we've all been kicking the can down the road on climate change for too long, and that we should significantly increase our efforts to begin transitioning away from fossil fuels, I don't support the further expansion of the oil sands (especially considering the magnitude of the proposed increase), and therefore think the pipelines would be a step in the wrong direction.
Well I appreciate that you're willing to consider my points. And for what it's worth, I'll admit that a lot of people on "my side" of the pipeline issue are quite irrational about it, and their voices are often the loudest. But that doesn't mean there aren't also logical reasons to come to a similar conclusion.
That's part of the equation, yeah, because they sell to the U.S. for somewhat of a discount (although I think that discount has become smaller lately, since the price of oil fell).
I could be mistaken, but I'm under the impression that similar rules already exist for car-pedestrian collisions and rear-endings: the driver who collides with a pedestrian is presumed to be at fault unless they can demonstrate otherwise, and a car that rear-ends another car is presumed to be at fault unless they can demonstrate otherwise. That's what they told me in driving school about a decade ago.
You don't have to rent in a brand new building...
&gt;In the case of pedestrian-car incidents I don't necessarily think that law is correct either. A pedestrian shouldn't be able to get away with jaywalking and getting hit. But if the pedestrian jaywalked, then in most cases it will pretty easy for the driver to demonstrate that fact, by pointing out the absence of a crosswalk at the place of the accident, or by using eye-witnesses. And this is still only necessary if the pedestrian was at fault but disagrees or chose to be dishonest about what happened, rather than agreeing with the driver.
&gt;Libs had their chance to change things for the better, irt Aboriginal Affairs, and they also dropped the ball. By "dropped the ball" do you mean "lost an election to Harper"? That's the reason the Kelowna Accord got shelved. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelowna_Accord
Just like how the fixed election date is "fixed", except when it's 2008 and the PM feels like calling a snap election. The Tories don't *have* to stick to their anti-coalition stance, but they will anyway, because the Liberals would not form a coalition with them anytime soon. Forming a coalition with the Conservatives would put the Liberals in the same squeeze that the UK Liberal Democrats were in: progressive/centrist voters will lose faith in the Liberals for all of the right-wing policies that get implemented, while conservative voters will give credit to the Conservatives for those same policies, and the extent to which the Liberals reigned in the Conservatives' worst impulses would be hidden and unknown to the public. As a centrist party, being a junior coalition member is not a good place to be.
Which part of the argument did you find convincing? It seems to me that she's talking out of both sides of her mouth. She and the finance ministry say that a reduction in foreign housing investment would have little impact on housing prices, but they also say it would reduce residential real estate sales. Those two statements don't seem to add up.
[Quarry Rock](http://www.vancouvertrails.com/trails/quarry-rock/) could fit the bill. Quite easy, transit accessible, and ends with a beautiful view.
I just don't see much benefit to the Liberals aligning with the Conservatives, and I see a lot to lose. For centre-left Liberal-leaning voters like myself who are fed up after 9 years of Harper, it wouldn't matter who the leader of the Tories was; if the Liberals helped them to stay in power, it would send us straight to the NDP camp. Letting the NDP govern might not be a bad option for the Liberals, as it would: A) allow for many of Harper's worst ideas to get reversed, which Liberals would appreciate (even if they don't get credit for it politically) and B) set the Liberals up as the moderate-but-still-progressive option to replace the NDP, in case the NDP either prove to be too ideological for the electorate's liking, or just make some mistakes in general (as most governments do). A disappointing term by the NDP could put the Liberals in a very good position to capitalize in the following election, among Liberal-NDP swing voters who want a change from the NDP, but don't want the Conservatives back in power.
&gt;That is not at all what Christy is saying. She doesn't think foreign ownership is the problem, and Vancouver city can take steps to solve this instead of just asking for a tax raise. Every time she speaks on this issue, she stresses the importance of preserving equity for homeowners, implying that it's a valid reason not to support policies that could help Vancouver's housing prices to decrease (or even increase less rapidly). For example, she argued against a tax on foreign home-buyers, on the grounds that ["By moving foreign owners out of the market, housing prices will drop".](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/b-c-premier-christy-clark-opposed-to-taxing-foreign-homeowners-1.3072443) &gt;Gregor is putting on a show admitting there's a problem. The amount of effort he'll put into this will be equivalent to the amount of effort he puts into his ending homelessness promise. Well Gregor and the city have been approving a lot of new housing development, and I believe they're now trying to collect data on empty homes. Obviously the city should do more, but as far as I can tell the province is literally doing nothing to try to address this issue. What do you think the city and province should do?
I'm not sure I agree about the middle-class people being the most affected by a decrease (or stabilization) of housing prices. People with multiple properties can sell off their extra one for profit, and thus benefit from high prices, whereas most middle-class people need to live in their house, so while technically higher housing prices mean they have more wealth, the increasing real estate numbers don't really affect their life (except for requiring higher property tax payments). They might want to move to a more expensive property at some point, but if their property *and* the prospective property have both fallen in price (since we're assuming a decrease across the whole regional market, not just targeting one person's property), then it'll actually be cheaper for them to make that jump. Let's say someone owns an $800,000 property and wants to upgrade to a $1,000,000 property, then it's a $200k difference. But if property values fell 20%, then they now own a $640,000 place and the place they want is $800,000, so the difference is reduced to $160,000, and they save $40,000 compared to before. The middle-class homeowners who benefit most from high real estate prices in Metro Van are those who either plan to downsize and pocket the difference (and maybe use it to buy some vacation real estate elsewhere), or plan to move outside of Metro Van, to somewhere with cheaper real estate. Both categories would more often be the empty-nest baby boomers on the verge of retirement, not the 40-something couple working and raising a family in the city. So essentially, I'm not sure I agree that most middle class homeowners will be hurt by stabilized or decreased housing prices, but I absolutely agree with you that this is a generational issue, first and foremost.
The living conditions in which they are raised can often be considered abuse: [Non-graphic image of pigs at a factory farm](http://www.motherjones.com/files/factory-farm-630.jpg) [Another non-graphic image of pigs](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/53c4b06fe4b03a89bfc573b3/53d85539e4b08cf75c2dba40/53d8553ae4b08b2eaf66340f/1406686534869/farmpig.jpg) If dogs were spending their entire lives locked in confined spaces and then were slaughtered to have their corpses eaten, there would understandably be outrage. I wouldn't want my dog to have had that life. And that raises the question: why is it wrong to treat dogs that way, but it's completely okay to treat pigs like that? Are pigs incapable of suffering?
What sorts of harms are you concerned about? Regarding, let's say, a tax on absentee homeowners (who own residential property in the city but leave it vacant and unused for 11+ months per year).
That's one part of the problem, yes, and there's an inevitable inertia on that front, due to populist public opinion against rapid re-development, which the politicians can't ignore. The other part of the problem is that we now live in a globalized world and wealthy people in developing countries want somewhere stable to park their wealth, in case their home country tries to seize assets (due to political turmoil or any other reason). Those wealthy international investors seem to be disproportionately choosing a few particular cities around the world where they would like to do so, one of which happens to be Vancouver. Interestingly, a British bank did a [poll](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/almost-half-of-china-s-rich-want-to-leave-the-country-barclays-says-1.2766823) of their millionaire customers from China, and found that 47% of them plan to leave China within the next 5 years, whereas the comparable numbers for United States and Japan were 6% and 7%, for instance.
Okay fair enough! The conversation on this topic jumps around between the many different proposals people have come up with, so I sometimes get mixed up about which one people are referring to. Absentee homeowners tax? I think it's a good idea, which addresses the core issue. Foreign investors tax/limits? Not sure... Luxury condos tax? I don't really have a problem with it, and it's a progressive way of raising revenue I suppose, but I'm not sure it'll really address the issue of housing affordability very much.
An absentee homeowners tax is possible within Vancouver's powers? I hope that's true. It would actually be ideal if this was introduced as a city-wide policy rather than province-wide, since there are vacation communities in the Okanagan and elsewhere where it wouldn't make sense to apply a tax to absentee homeowners, for their cottages and so on.
Hmm you might be right, I can't say for sure. But at the same time, I'm not sure how *much* that sentiment had spread to the general voting public, by that point. Often there's a delay, and first an issue is only well-known among those who closely follow the news and politics (eg. everyone on a subreddit like this), or closely follow that type of topic (eg. environmentalists or oil and gas development proponents), and then people who don't pay close attention to the news gradually hear about it and form opinions later on. I think Kinder Morgan entered the pubic radar a lot more in 2014, when city councils started declaring their opposition and protests started happening, because that's the stuff that puts it on newspaper headlines and makes it a household conversation topic.
Well here's what our society needs to look like in the **long run**, let's say 50 years from now. I'm basing this off of an interview I listened to, which featured an environmental economist who had worked on a report, looking at what it would take for Canada to reduce emissions by 90%: -Electricity must be almost 100% provided by non-emitting sources, meaning hydro, nuclear, solar, wind, and geothermal. Currently I believe we're in the 70-80% range, so this is actually very achievable, but it'll mean we need much more power from those sources (obviously) and will need to better connect the electric grids between provinces. For example, BC's grid may need more connections with Alberta's to help them eliminate coal use. -Personal transportation will need to be almost entirely electric-powered. Public transit systems, electric cars, and maybe hybrids. -For freight transportation, electric batteries might not be able to provide enough power, so biofuels could be the best solution here. -Heating systems for buildings should be powered by electricity, instead of natural gas -Heavy industries and factories will be the most difficult, since a factory that is built can last 50+ years, rather than being replaced every couple decades like vehicles are, so in 2065 we will still have factories and equipment that were built in 2015. So adding carbon-capture-and-storage (CCS) may be the most practical option in many cases, so that the industries still create emissions, but those emissions would be re-directed to be buried deep underground In terms of public policy needed to achieve this vision, the most important thing is to have a carbon tax, so that polluting is no longer free and must be taken into account in business (and personal) decision-making. And that carbon tax should steadily increase, to create more and more incentives for people to innovate and transition away from highly-polluting activities and fuel sources. The good thing about carbon taxes (rather than a more heavy-handed regulatory approach) is that it allows individuals and businesses in the market to decide for themselves what the most cost-effective way of reducing their emissions would be. Because sure, we can sketch out how we envision our clean-energy society looking in 2065, as I did above, but the future is dynamic and people might find more efficient ways of reducing those emissions sources than the ways I outlined. So using a carbon tax, rather than top-down regulations that require specific changes, allows them the flexibility to find the best approaches. BTW I have absolutely no idea why you got downvoted here. Puzzling.
&gt;It's very clear reading this sub what demographic dominates. The range of opinions expressed in this sub is much narrower than most members would probably like to admit. &gt;Any worldview other than that of the middle-class straight white male 20-something is not only treated as alien, but hostile and threatening. It's pretty pathetic TBH. I don't disagree at all, and reminds me of something I was wondering recently: does anyone know of some good places online for quality discussion of politics and social issues, that have more of a balance between the genders? I like this place and plan to continue posting here, but I've realized that all of the message boards I frequent (here, a couple other subreddits, and a couple other message boards) are probably very male-dominated (likely 80%+), which becomes completely apparent anytime a gender or feminism-related topic is brought, and means certain ideas that fit the "bro-culture" take hold and become unquestionable. For example, the ease with which concepts like "rape culture" are dismissed out of hand is frustrating. It's particularly frustrating because it usually seems like most people in those conversations have never actually given the topic much thoughtful consideration, yet they'd instinctively decided they disagreed with the concept without even learning what it was, and became fervently opinionated about it without even a basic understanding of what the term is all about. And just to be clear, I am male (and straight, mostly white, and in my 20s...), but I also wish I could hear opinions and discussion from people from a more diverse set of backgrounds, as people's opinions and worldviews are very much shaped by their experiences and circumstances.
It means the event combines Vancouver stereotypes/trends in a way that basically feels like it's creating a charicature or self-parody of Vancouver. Not that that's always a bad thing...
&gt;NDP better get their shit together for the next election. That, plus people under 40 need actually go to the polls, and remind their friends to go to the polls.
&gt;I get they're different, but there's a similarity between the obviously psychopathic "I'm hurting this animal because it's fun" and the more common "I'm hurting this animal because it tastes good". That's a good point, and reminds me of something I thought of recently: Most people would consider killing to be as bad or worse than rape. Most people also would never have sex with an animal, no matter how pleasurable and amazing it felt, because they would consider that wrong and unethical, since an animal cannot consent. Yet most people *would* pay to have an animal killed so they can eat its corpse for pleasure, without finding that unethical. Why? Are people's ethical justifications determined entirely by social norms, in this case? After all, it is legal and socially acceptable to kill an animal, but not to have sex with one, even though the killing arguably causes more harm.
I don't know if you've ever been vegetarian, but for me it was cheaper (and arguably healthier) than eating meat.
&gt;yes, you can have a lovely plant based diet by deforesting huge swathes of land, planting crops, and raining pesticide all over the place. You have to destroy things to feed this many people. It's not debatable. Perhaps you weren't aware, but much more crops are required to feed people with meat than with plants, since those animals have to eat many times their weight in plant-based-foods, before their death. For every 10 pounds of plant protein fed to a cow, only approximately 1 pound of it gets converted into meat protein. It's a lot more efficient to grow and eat plant proteins directly.
Your calculations look fine, but $5 per drink seems high, since I'm assuming a 6 pack of beer would not cost anywhere close to $30 in Ontario... I think it's better look at it this way: $43/month for the average adult Ontarian. And considering that many people drink rarely or not at all, I don't find it that hard to believe.
Well it was first implemented in 2008 as a $10/tonne of CO2 tax, and then it increased yearly to $15, $20, $25 and then $30/tonne, which is the rate that it is currently frozen at. The current $30/tonne tax adds 6.7 cents to the price of a litre of gasoline, and [applies to other fuel sources as well](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A4.htm), with tax rates based on the amount of CO2 that they create. Currently the tax applies to [70% of all of BC's emissions](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A6.htm), since it would be more difficult to apply the tax to non-fuel-related agricultural emissions or deforestation. BC carbon tax has been billed as [revenue-neutral](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/tax_cuts.htm), because all revenue from the tax has been returned to the public in the form of [other tax cuts and grants](http://www.fin.gov.bc.ca/tbs/tp/climate/A2.htm). More specifically, the revenue has been used to reduce income taxes, reduce corporate taxes, send a tax-rebate to all low-income residents 4x a year (along with GST rebates), and provide a grant to all rural residents. The key concept and reasoning behind the carbon tax, is that air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions are a [negative externality](http://www.economicsonline.co.uk/Market_failures/Externalities.html), which harms other parties, but will not be properly taken into account in an individual's decision-making. This results in a market failure, where markets will over-produce goods which cause harm to people outside of the transaction (everyone other than the buyer or the seller), since the buyer and seller will be acting in their own self-interest, and not fully considering their impact on everyone else. The carbon tax is meant to account for those external impacts, to bring an individual's private costs of polluting more in line with the full costs to society. Here's a Globe and Mail article about BC's carbon tax: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-insidious-truth-about-bcs-carbon-tax-it-works/article19512237/ &gt;At the same time, it’s been extraordinarily effective in tackling the root cause of carbon pollution: the burning of fossil fuels. Since the tax came in, fuel use in B.C. has dropped by 16 per cent; in the rest of Canada, it’s risen by 3 per cent (counting all fuels covered by the tax). To put that accomplishment in perspective, Canada’s Kyoto target was a 6-per-cent reduction in 20 years. And the evidence points to the carbon tax as the major driver of these B.C. gains. &gt;Further, while some had predicted that the tax shift would hurt the province’s economy, in fact, B.C.’s GDP has slightly outperformed the rest of Canada’s since 2008. And here's an academic article about BC's carbon tax and Stephane Dion's carbon tax proposal, from a UBC poli-sci professor, considered from more of a political angle: http://www.standupeconomist.com/pdf/carbon/2012.Harrison.TaleofTwoTaxes.pdf Let me know if you have any other questions, and I'll see if I have an answer.
Do you plan to own a car, or will get around on transit and/or bicycle? That plays a big role in determining which neighbourhoods would be a good fit. Also do you have preference between a more suburban or urban lifestyle, or don't really care?
It's how our system normally works. Politicians are supposed to consider evidence and expert opinions, weigh that against public opinion, and then choose a solution and explain their reasoning to the public. And then the public get a couple years to see how it turns out, and pass judgement at election time. Instead, the provincial government decided to leave the decision about transit funding *entirely* up to public opinion, which IMO isn't wise for a topic as complex and important as the long-term development of our public transportation system, given that most people have no expertise in any relevant fields, and don't have that much knowledge on the subject. A plebiscite would be better suited to a more simple question like "should the drinking age be 18 or 19?", not this.
&gt;*bikes go to where sidewalk is, and &gt;*pedestrians either leap into False Creek and swim for it, or they build a pedestrian terraced sidewalk. They're going to widen the bridge at the North end, so that the extra car lanes can be accommodated without bikes having to go on the sidewalk. [This](http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/detailed-map-of-proposed-upgrades-at-burrard-pacific-intersection.pdf) diagram of the Burrard-Pacific intersection and [this](http://vancouver.ca/streets-transportation/burrard-bridge-and-pacific-street-intersection-upgrades.aspx) image will help.
&gt;The majority of people in BC own their homes. Therefore, the majority of people - voters - would be fucking pissed off (to put it mildly) if she took action to lower the value of their primary asset that they are relying on for absolutely every bit of their savings and retirement. Not exactly. For a lot of people who live in their house and don't plan on downsizing or moving to another city, their property value is largely irrelevant, as long as the rest of the market moves with it. For example, my parents' house has increased in value by 150% since they bought it 20 years ago, but if it had only increased by 50% or 100%, there would be no real difference to their lives. EDIT: I removed a point about property taxes, because it was incorrect.
Good point. I'll remove the part about property taxes from my previous post, since it was incorrect and wasn't really the key point anyway.
&gt;The fact that Moonbeam bought a house in Point Grey, supported negative changes to vital city infrastructure that would only benefit a very small portion of residents at the expense of everybody else because "bicycles", then sold the house at an absurdly inflated price is completely and utterly insane. The house you're referring to was not in Point Grey, nor was it on Point Grey Road. It was on Stephens St., which is a block past the end of the Point Grey Road bikelane. He also abstained from voting on that bike lane. And as someone who has never lived in Kitsilano or Point Grey, I've used Point Grey Road more times since it was made safer for bicycles than I ever did when it was designed solely for cars. So the changes have benefited me, and probably many others who aren't residents of the area.
You're right, one sidewalk is probably enough for the *number* of pedestrians that cross, but I think the change is mostly so that fewer pedestrians will have to cross the intersections before and after walking across the bridge, since Burrard-and-Pacific is apparently the 2nd most dangerous intersection in the city, in terms of car accidents. There's a lot going on, with a large number of cars, bicycles and pedestrians, so I think they're trying to simplify the design to reduce the chances of collisions and make it safer for all modes. To make up for the lost car lane, they're widening the Burrard-and-Pacific intersection to have 4 car lanes there (2 straight-through and 2 right-turn lanes), since presumably that intersection would be the root source of most traffic slowdowns on the bridge.
Do you know where you'll be living? And are you an undergrad or grad student?
I drive, and I take transit, and I bike. I wish people would stop viewing these issues as a fight between the different modes of transportation. We're all just people trying to move around the region, using the methods that fit our situation and needs.
Port Moody and Coquitlam combine for 160,000 people, plus Port Coquitlam, Pitt Meadows and Maple Ridge combine for another 150,000 people, and they will benefit by having closer access to Skytrain, even if it doesn't directly reach their communities.
&gt; It would scarcely crack many people's top 10, far below jobs, the economy, health care, education, the environment, and a few other things. That's exactly the case for me. I don't like Bill C-51, but I can think of at least 8-10 issues that matter more to me, so if I'm happy with the Liberals on most of those issues then I'll have no problem voting for them.
Macleod's used book store (at Pender and Richards), since it sounds like you're into books. Or the library, of course.
And what exactly would this accomplish?
Yes, they could scrap Burrard Bridge yoga day, and it would save enough money to buy 1/3rd of a bus. Personally I'm hoping for more transit improvements than that.
Both owned by the same company, both work in the same building, and both love to criticize bike lanes (one more aggressively than the other). It's an honest mistake.
The owner of the next bike he steals will care.
I drive a car, but I don't really care about this event. Why would it piss me off?
Sure, I understand general criticisms like that, but the fact that I drive a car isn't really relevant to it. I guess I'm just tired of the idea among some car drivers that we must unite and be outraged anytime someone intrudes on any of "our" road space, as though this is our territory to defend from invaders, like cyclists, pedestrians and yoga-people. I just see it as public space that can be used for a variety of public purposes. Using road space for other purposes isn't always a good idea, but it's not always a bad idea either.
Fortunately the Granville St Bridge is about 6 blocks away.
They could propose market-based solutions like carbon taxes or cap-and-trade systems, which are considered a more economically efficient solution to emissions reductions than direct emissions regulations anyway. The carbon tax revenue could be used to fund cuts to income taxes or corporate taxes, [as it has in BC, where I live](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-debate/the-insidious-truth-about-bcs-carbon-tax-it-works/article19512237/). Unfortunately, anyone suggesting a carbon tax would be completely unelectable in the GOP primaries in 2016, no matter how many other taxes they offer to cut, to make up for it.
Thanks. And no, I wasn't asking sarcastically.
There's a difference between A) constructively discussing ways to improve our city and suggesting ways we can make those changes a reality, and B) bitching and complaining and being negative about everything, and shooting down any constructive suggestions people put forward. This subreddit has too much of the latter, and not enough of the former.
I for one would be happy to see content that is relevant to Canadian society, but isn't Canada-specific. I also hope we'll see lots of ideas-oriented postings, rather than only postings about recent events.
&gt; school breakfast programs I don't like cutting that at all. The problem with assuming that people always make the best choices for their family and are perfectly rational, is that they aren't. I'm not okay with letting kids born with bad parents go hungry, simply because their parents were given enough money to afford to feed them in theory, but spent the money at the casino instead.
&gt;...This understanding offers us a fairly straightforward idea of moral progress: it means including ever more people (or beings) in the group of those whose interests are to be respected. This too is an ancient insight: Hierocles, a Stoic philosopher of the second century, describes us as being surrounded by a series of concentric circles. The innermost circle of concern surrounds our own self; the next comprises the immediate family; then follow more remote family; then, in turn, neighbours, fellow city-dwellers, countrymen and, finally, the human race as a whole. Hierocles described moral progress as ‘drawing the circles somehow toward the centre’, or moving members of outer circles to the inner ones. &gt;**We can see the moral progress of recent centuries in these terms: we have witnessed an extension of the circle of respect and concern to various groups such as women, Jews, non-whites or homosexuals. And in these terms, we have come a long way. But it is equally clear that there is room for improvement. Part of imagining what our great-grandchildren will condemn us for is therefore imagining how the circle might widen further.** &gt;... &gt;**We can also turn our question around and ask, what will our great-grandchildren admire us for? When we look back, we admire those who courageously challenged the norms of their day, such people as Gandhi or the Suffragettes, Martin Luther King or Nelson Mandela; people who widened the circle of moral concern. We have the chance to do that, too. And if we manage, then perhaps our great-grandchildren will forgive us our sins.** This article is not Canada-specific, but I think it offers a lot of compelling ideas for us to consider, and it raises questions that force us to step back and consider the implications of our society's practices from a distance. For the sake of sparking conversation, I'll post a passage of each of the main ideas separately here, since they're each worthy of their own discussion.
&gt;1) Rights for future generations. Currently, only people alive now can claim rights. But just as we have extended our circle of moral concern among the living, so it can be extended in time. The problem is clear: we often make decisions that will have impacts on people far into the future – such as producing nuclear waste that will remain toxic for millions of years – yet those future people are not here to stand up for themselves. Neither defining nor granting these rights will be easy. But there are precedents on which we can draw, such as the ways we protect the rights of small children or animals, who also cannot speak for themselves. &gt;So our successors will have to be imaginative in creating a framework robust enough to defend the unborn in the face of the interests of those alive today, with which they often conflict. For we should be under no illusions: to take the rights of future generations seriously would involve massive restrictions on our freedom of action. Currently, we despoil the earth and seas with impunity to enjoy a luxurious lifestyle (by historical standards). In 100 years, this will be seen as wickedness comparable to colonial powers despoiling their colonies. Though our successors will be appalled by our consumerism, we will not find it easy to adjust to more modest ways.
&gt;2) Rights for other conscious beings. This too is a plausible extension of the circle of moral concern, and one that is already underway. It is no longer in doubt that non‑human animals feel pain and indeed many more complex emotions too. They therefore clearly have interests, such as to run free, or pursue social interactions appropriate for their species. To take account of the interests only of humans and not of other animals is therefore increasingly regarded as speciesism – an unjustified discrimination akin to racism or sexism. &gt;The situation for other species is apocalyptic: humans have never raised so many animals for slaughter – five times as many today as in 1950 – while our impact on the environment is causing other species to become extinct a thousand times faster than normal. There will be many difficult decisions ahead as we try to balance human interests against those of other creatures, or the interests of individual animals against the species or the ecosystem. But our descendants will not excuse us for failing to make these decisions just because they are difficult. More likely, they will curse us for killing all the rhinos, and find our consumption of factory‑farmed sausages as morally repulsive as we now find cannibalism. &gt;As soon as our computers become conscious – and they will – then this extension of concern will apply to them, too.
&gt;3) Opening the floodgates. The widening of the circle of moral concern means that employers in the US, for example, can no longer refuse someone a job because he is black or white, Jewish or atheist, disabled or dyslexic – but they can if the applicant is not American. The same applies in most other nations: states can withhold rights and services, and employers can (or even must) withhold jobs just because of the passport someone carries. In 100 years, people might be impressed at today’s levels of welfare and prosperity in the industrialised world, but appalled that access to them depends on the lottery of whether you were born in London or Lagos. &gt;In a world rapidly growing together, this is bound to change. Of course, there will be a great deal of resistance, as there is already to immigration in many wealthy countries. People do not give up their privileges lightly. And it will have its price: strong welfare systems depend on a sense of moral community that could easily be threatened by more migration. &gt;This is closely related to the point that everyone should have the same rights to healthcare, welfare, etc, not just regardless of where they come from, but also regardless of where they are. In other words, we should be doing everything we can to alleviate suffering everywhere. This poses further challenges: influencing conditions in other countries is not so easy as within one’s own borders. Effective action will require nations to give up more of their sovereignty to supranational unions. This too will face fierce resistance. But eventually our descendants will regard themselves as global citizens – and will be appalled that we let 19,000 children every day die from preventable, poverty-related causes.
&gt;4) Healing criminals. At the moment, we lock up extraordinarily large numbers of people. In the US alone, two million humans are in prison, ruining not only their lives, but also making their dependents and communities suffer too. But in 100 years, no one will believe we have an absolutely free will and therefore that anyone chooses to be a criminal. Indeed, there is evidence that we lock up those who are least responsible for their decisions – those with the least capacity for self-control, those who suffer from addictions, or who are mentally ill. In the UK, for example, more than 70 per cent of those in prison have two or more mental-health disorders; in the US, more than three times as many people with serious mental illnesses are in prisons than are in hospitals. &gt;We will not find it easy to decide whom to treat, how radically and when; nor to extend understanding and sympathy to those who have committed the worst of crimes. But our great-grandchildren will be appalled at how we locked up millions of people when we should instead have been helping them.
&gt; It's not like child welfare laws would be scrapped at the same time... Of course, but even with those in place, there are still many negligent or abusive parents who maintain custody of their kids. I think there are certain public services that exist for very good reasons, and wouldn't be adequately or equitably provided by the private sector, and thus shouldn't be replaced by a simple cash payment. We can't always assume the recipients will spend the money well, unfortunately, because we aren't nearly as rational as we sometimes like to think.
To be fair, it's a 7-hour shutdown on a Sunday, and there's an 8-lane bridge located 6 blocks away, so it really shouldn't be that big of a deal for commuters. The controversy is mostly about optics (which are only getting worse with her tweet lol), rather than much actual inconvenience.
Abstaining means you get attacked from both sides, and makes it easy for others to portray you as being indecisive.
So I'm curious: with a vote like this, where is the public expected to find out about the details of the plan? I followed the campaign closely, and very little of the media coverage gave a detailed explanation of what the tax increase would pay for. During the entire 5 month campaign, I only saw one single news article that showed a map of the region, with proposed improvements indicated. Most of the media coverage was about Translink's controversies and the talking points from the "yes" and "no" sides. I don't think it's realistic to expect the entire voting public to visit the Mayors Council website to check out the details of the proposal, so it makes sense to me that the "yes" side would advertise, to help the public get a better sense of the rationale behind this transit plan, and what it would include. Anyway, this whole vote was a stupid idea. If previous transit improvements had been put to a plebiscite like this, the Millennium Line, the Canada Line, and the Evergreen Line probably never would have been built.
&gt;Seriously every couple of days he was spreading some bs that was debunked every time. "Vancouver is going to permanently shut down the Lions Gate Bridge!!!!!" Sure, that story got debunked the next day. But the eye-catching headline always gets more attention than the debunking, and it does the intended job of leaving some voters feeling outraged and afraid of the "war on the car".
We don't *need* a bike-share program, but it will improve the city and make it easier for people to get around, just as other types of publicly-funded infrastructure have. It might not be profitable (especially right away), which is why the private sector wouldn't want to leap in, but even if it takes a reasonably small level of public subsidies to keep the program going, I think it would be worth it.
&gt;I hate it when celebrities weigh it stuff they know nothing about I don't see why we would assume celebrities can't be well-informed about an issue. They can spend their time reading and learning about societal issues, just as anybody else can.
Oh I know, I found their website very helpful and I read through the plan there. But realistically, the vast majority of people won't bother to do so, and the media didn't do a great job of providing the details of the plan (since they focus on the "latest controversy", which gets more clicks than simply providing informative content), so that's a problem. So that's why I think it was justified for them to spend money advertising the plan and informing people about what we're voting on.
Right, and that's why I think it was important and worthwhile for city councils to spend money on promoting the information, since otherwise very few people would see those websites or know the full details of what we're voting on.
I didn't suggest that *all* celebrities are well-informed, just that they can be.
Living in the West End and going to school downtown, you'll be fine with just a bike and your U-pass (a full transit pass that is in included in your school fees). There is good transit coverage within the City of Vancouver, and there are bikes lanes and recommended bike routes that make it reasonably easy to get around by bike.
No problem! Are you completely new to Vancouver then? By the way, here is a cycling map of Vancouver: http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/map-cycling-vancouver.pdf And you can see some transit maps here: http://www.translink.ca/en/Schedules-and-Maps/Transit-System-Maps.aspx And if you aren't aware, Vancouver's transit system consists mainly of buses and a Skytrain system, which has 3 lines: the Canada Line, the Expo Line, and the Millennium Line.
Chinatown is in the northeast part of downtown, mostly along Pender and Keefer.
&gt;I really care about climate change, about the importance of evidence in policy formulation, about a criminal justice system that is focused on rehabilitation and not retribution, and about an economic system that doesn't give the most to those who need it least. Hear, hear.
&gt;They're not "so called visible minorities," they're the majority The previous article on this subject said that Chinese make up 47% of Richmonders, meaning that there is no majority group.
That's not what the word majority means. &gt;[Majority: a number that is greater than half of a total](http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/majority)
&gt;At the end of the day, 2% will put us tied for the best corporate tax rate in the country with SK and BC Not quite true: 12% will give Alberta the 4th lowest corporate taxes in Canada. BC is at 11% (thanks to having a carbon tax), Ontario is at 11.5% and Quebec is at 11.9%. The other provinces are all at 12% or higher. But I agree with the essence of what you're saying: Alberta will still have a very competitive corporate tax rate after this increase. And pardon my language, but it's not exactly a shit-hole that *needs* to have the very lowest possible tax rate in order for businesses to consider operating there.
That could lead to a severe housing shortage. When there is a shortage of something in a market, prices are meant to increase, in order to decrease the amount demanded and increase the amount supplied, until they match up again. Prices are a way of allocating a scarce commodity. By artificially holding prices down (at $1 million, say), you're ensuring that the demand for housing will exceed the supply, meaning that there will be people who are willing to pay the going rate, but are unable to find housing, because there is simply not enough being provided to meet the needs of everyone willing to pay that price. Something needs to be done about housing affordability, but I don't think price controls are the answer.
What superficial reasons are cabinet ministers going to be chosen for?
I don't want the bubble to pop, I just want it to gradually deflate, or even just stop growing.
Harper refused to participate in the broadcaster consortium's standard debate that usually occurs during the middle of the election campaign (which attracted over 10 million viewers last time). He basically says that he will only participate in debates hosted by other media groups, so this is the first of those alternative debates. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/politics/harper-agrees-to-take-part-in-foreign-policy-debate/article24542803/
&gt;those ads are disrespectful to Canadians and to our culture. I don't think I can agree with that statement. For one thing, we don't have a single homogenous culture in this country, and there are over a million Chinese-Canadians who are just as Canadian as you or me, and the ad is certainly not disrespectful to them or their culture. But even setting that aside, I don't really see the disrespect in general. Would it be disrespectful to place an English-language advertisement in France or Japan? In my opinion, no. I do agree that Nanaimo is an odd place for such an ad, but I view that more as a potentially poor marketing decision than a sign of disrespect.
&gt;I have a boatload of second and third generation Chinese Canadian friends, and none of them can read any Chinese dialect. Right, but it is understood by over a million Canadians. &gt;And yes, for me, placing an English only sign in France and Japan would be disrespectful because it's their country, and it should be in their language as well. Let's keep in mind that we're talking about an advertisement, rather than a sign intended to help you find something. An advertisement could include no text at all and that would be fine, but including Chinese text isn't? Anyway, if you think English advertisements in non-English countries are disrespectful then that's fair enough, but we'll have to agree to disagree, because I don't see any issue with that. We may just have different views regarding multiculturalism and the extent to which different groups of people should accommodate or tolerate one another.
I would like for immigrants to integrate with the community at large, but I am comfortable with letting them decide for themselves the pace at which they will do so. I expect that if I moved to another country, I would be more at ease spending time with other people who shared my first language and cultural norms (at least for the first few years there, until I gradually became more comfortable with the new language and culture). So I can't really fault immigrants for mostly sticking to their own groups in the early years after arriving. And once they've established a social group, it's not too surprising they would continue spending time with that group for many years, which might make them seem exclusionary even after they had become more comfortable spending time with other groups.
Yeah the downvote brigade came here shockingly fast, burying any comments that even remotely suggest Chinese language advertisements are acceptable to display in our country. Either somebody used a lot of accounts to downvote, or there's a lot of pent-up race-based anger on this subreddit. Maybe both. Anyway, I fully agree with the points you're making; you've made good posts in this thread.
Yeah it's bizarre how much pent-up rage this place has towards anything Chinese-related. I've never seen anything like it (except the time I stumbled across a White Supremacy website, which unsurprisingly was even worse, but more directed towards blacks than asians).
I don't support foreign ownership of residential property either. But that doesn't justify the hostility towards Chinese people for having a Chinese-language advertisement on a bench, as demonstrated in this thread. It's nuts.
Haha it sure was!
And those memories are irrelevant to the present issue, since Broadway isn't being done as cut-and-cover.
If the plebiscite fails, which takes a sales tax (my preferred option) off the table, then I'm guessing there will be a year or two of municipalities bickering at each other about how to proceed, and then eventually they'll raise property taxes and add a cent to the gas tax, or something along those lines, similar to how they funded previous transit expansions. They'll probably raise enough revenue to fund the Broadway subway and LRT in Surrey, but not enough to buy many of the new buses and Skytrain cars that were in the proposed plan. It's also possible the City of Vancouver might have to increase taxes on its own to fund part of the subway, but that would be pretty unfair IMO, since 50% of people traveling on the Broadway corridor live outside of Vancouver, and Vancouver has contributed its funding to transit lines in other municipalities, like the Evergreen Line. Transit is a region-wide endeavour for good reasons, and will hopefully remain that way. One other consideration is that the federal NDP and Liberals have both hinted that they plan to invest more in infrastructure and pay more attention to the issues facing cities (like transit and housing), so if one of them forms government after the October election, then they might offer to pay for a larger portion of the costs. So maybe instead of funding it with the usual model of approximately 33% feds, 33% province, 33% Translink, maybe it could become 50% feds, 33% province, 16% Translink.
&gt;I believe it is fully costed but the 1% will most likely just end up either sheltering money or moving to another country if they are retired and mobile. If someone is retired, they usually won't have an annual income over $200,000, and thus wouldn't be affected by the tax increase. &gt;It is very easy to move countries while you are in the 1%. But not everyone in the 1% wants to uproot their family and move their entire life to another country, just to avoid an extra 4% in taxes on income over $200,000. And not everyone in the 1% can leave their country while holding onto their high-paying job (or immediately find an equally high-paying job in their new country). Republicans predicted disaster in the US when Obama raised the top tax rate from 35% to 39.6%, but instead the economy kept growing, the unemployment rate kept falling, it raised the revenue it was supposed to raise, and the doomsday predictions didn't come true. I don't expect the sky to fall in Canada if the Liberals raise the top tax rate from 29% to 33%, in fact I think it'll mostly work as planned. Don't get me wrong, if you kept raising the rates repeatedly, sooner or later you'd reach a point where it does more harm then good and you don't gain revenue any more (for example, France's recent 75% tax on millionaires was probably too high), but I don't think 33% is anywhere near the limit.
I think people will still care about C-51, but as the election campaign gets going and more issues get attention, it'll become just one of the many issues people consider, when deciding who to vote for. I don't like Bill C-51 at all, but I need to see the parties' stances on a lot of other issues, before I decide whether I'll vote for the Liberals or the NDP. I know I'll never agree with a party on everything, so it's matter of which one reflects my priorities more.
&gt;As long as you can refuse to register. I'm just curious, but why? Is there any downside to being registered to vote?
&gt;As an aside, it really astounds me the number of single issues that people seem to allow to determine their vote. Yeah it's pretty bizarre, but to be honest, I think people are exaggerating and aren't being fully honest when they say that on here. I expect it's mostly a rhetorical tactic to emphasize *just* how strongly they disagree with something. But when push comes to shove, that one issue wouldn't outweigh all of the others, if that was the choice they had to make. For example, I support gay marriage and might say that I would never support a prime minister who was against it. But that's not really true. If Trudeau and Mulcair came out against gay marriage while Harper announced that he strongly supports it, then it wouldn't persuade me to vote for the Conservatives, who I strongly disagree with on many other issues. I would still vote Liberal or NDP, despite being disappointed with them on the issue of gay marriage. Now realistically, any politician who opposes gay marriage in 2015 would probably be one that I disagree with on many issues, due to having a very different worldview. But in *theory*, it's entirely possible I could vote for someone who opposed gay marriage, if I happened to agree with them on many other issues (tax policy, environmental policy, other social policies, science policy, foreign policy, etc.).
Well they've said it would be an extension of the Millennium Line (which currently ends abruptly at VCC-Clark, just east of Central Broadway), so sticking with Skytrain technology is the only thing that makes any sense here, and they seem to recognize that.
Yeah exactly, I think your "canary in the coal mine" theory is right on point. Good examples.
Well they're counting by hand, so I believe they said to expect the results by late June.
&gt;Having an Agricultural Land Commission restricting the supply of useable land for development over the past 40 years really doesn't help matters either. I disagree, I'd say the ALR has been a great thing overall. Paving over prime farmland to build more car-dependent sprawling subdivisions where people have to drive 20-40km to get to work is not the answer. We need to build upwards, not outwards.
&gt; They physically cannot add more rail lines or cars at this point I actually just saw on CBC's The National a couple days ago that London is in the middle of a $40 billion rail transit expansion, and are currently tunneling 40km of new subways. https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=Crossrail
In other words, the gun ownership rate is about 3x higher in the US.
Shockingly yes, [according to Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country), there's about 0.88 per person in the USA. And this website suggests there's about 300 million in total: http://www.gunfaq.org/2013/03/how-many-guns-in-the-united-states/ &gt;Based on consolidated information from the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, there are about 300 millions guns in the United States. &gt;“There’s no perfect estimate of firearms in the U.S. because creating a national registry of firearms is prohibited by federal law,” noted Alex Katz, a spokesman for Mayors Against Illegal Guns. “But academics and interest groups across the political spectrum broadly agree on the 300 million figure.” &gt;New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s Mayors Against Illegal Guns coalition also quotes the figure, as does the National Rifle Association (NRA). &gt;“The number of privately owned guns in the U.S. is at an all-time high, upwards of 300 million, and now rises by about 10 million per year,” said the NRA’s Institute for Legislative Action in a firearms safety fact sheet released Jan. 17, 2013. &gt;A November 2012 report titled “Gun Control Legislation” from the Congressional Research Service also supports that number, though ranks it a bit higher. &gt;As of 2009, the report states, “the estimated total number of firearms available to civilians in the United States had increased to approximately 310 million: 114 million handguns, 110 million rifles, and 86 million shotguns.”
18k per household with kids? Are you sure about those numbers?
Do health care and education count as "free shit"?
Minimum wage is not a government expenditure. Abolishing it won't give the government more money to spend on basic income.
&gt; So I was thinking I can wear white jeans, and a buttoned shirt, along with blue sneaks, with my hair combed. That sounds fine to me, but I would wear black or dark-coloured dress shoes instead of blue sneakers. The rule of thumb I've heard is to dress one level nicer for the interview than what you would wear in the job, so I think a full suit would be overkill for an interview at Tim Hortons. Best of luck!
&gt; 1) Where are the best grocery stores/markets? If you're living on campus, then the nearest groceries stores for you are a Save on Foods on campus, as well as a Safeway (at west 10th avenue and Sasamat) and a No Frills off campus (at west 4th avenue and Alma). All of them are accessible by transit. No Frills is easily the cheapest, but has much less selection (and a very poorly-stocked produce section). There's also a little market on campus called "Granville Island Produce", which has a good selection of fruits and vegetables, as well as some other grocery items. It's in what is called "The Village", near University Blvd and Allison Road. &gt;3) Any advice for acclimation? (Im from teh Midwest) In the winter we get lots of rain, but very little snow. I think we had just one day of snow in the past year, and that's pretty typical. In terms of temperature, the summers peak at around 30 degrees celsius, and the winters bottom out just below 0 degrees celsius. The summers are really nice, so get outside and enjoy it while you can! It'll probably be beautiful weather from July-September, then October is like a transition month, and then November-February has a lot of rain, then March-April is a mix, and then May onwards is really nice out.
&gt;Is downtown Vancouver an easy trip, or is it a mission? Downtown Vancouver should be a very easy trip. From Lonsdale Quay at the foot of Lonsdale, you can catch the Seabus, which takes you to Waterfront Station in downtown Vancouver in just 15 minutes.
&gt; You actually picked a great example of why a party might change its stance on something. In 2008, the only province with any Carbon strategy was BC, and Dion wanted to enact a similar strategy across Canada. Now, however, after years of inaction by the Conservatives, Ontario and Quebec have adopted strategies of their own. **Rather than force these provinces to ditch their chosen method of carbon reduction**, the Liberals would allow each province to choose which method works best for them, as long as it contributes to a broader federal goal. I agree with you that it's entirely reasonable for parties to change policies after losing elections, including the Liberals in this case. However I don't think the bolded is quite right. I don't see any reason why implementing a national carbon tax would force the provinces to abandon the carbon reduction policies they've already implemented, whether that is a carbon tax or a cap-and-trade system. They can easily stack, like how the GST doesn't prevent a province from also having a PST, and the federal income tax doesn't prevent a province from having a provincial income tax.
What do you mean by elitist?
Okay, but a government can work on addressing more than one issue at a time. And one could argue that having more effective democratic processes will make the government more accountable, and will cause them to more effectively address those other issues.
&gt;Firms and states will just pay the extra taxes because fossil fuels are such a cheap source of energy that it is still profitable. That's the whole point of the carbon tax: polluting becomes less profitable, which thus makes it more profitable to use less energy, or use it more efficiently, or use forms of energy that create less pollution.
&gt; **It is never to late to do what is right.** He needs to change his position if we wants those voters back. If electoral reform is an election issue well the Liberals are a bit late to the game the NDP have been running elections on that for 40 years. They already own that file. It is in politics, unfortunately. The public and the media will label you a flip-flopper for admitting you made a mistake, which is a big part of the reason why politicians are stubborn as hell.
Heads up to my fellow renters and anyone else who has changed address in the past few years: if your driver's license (or other photo ID) won't show your current address on election day in October, then you'll also need to bring a utilities bill or something that you can use to prove you live at an address in that riding. You can no longer use a voter ID card to prove your address. &gt;The controversial Fair Elections Act the Conservative government introduced last year did away with the practice of vouching, which allowed someone with required identification to vouch for someone who did not at a polling station on the day of the vote. &gt;The legislation also removed the ability to use a voter identification card as a way to prove where one lives. &gt;... &gt;**Elections Canada is reminding voters there are three ways to prove identity: show one piece of government-issued identification with your photo, name and current address; show one piece of identification with your name and a second one with both your name and address; or, show two pieces of identification with your name and have someone you know attest to your identity.**
When you say "the government's wallet", do you mean the pool of funds that is used to pay for our education system, health care, infrastructure, etc., or do you mean that politicians are embezzling the money and keeping it for own personal benefit? Don't get me wrong, I don't like increases to the price of craft beer either, but it is worth remembering that the money ultimately goes back to the public in some form or another.
That's reasonable, and I agree that this particular tax increase probably isn't a great idea, as they should be creating conditions where this local up-and-coming industry can thrive (and definitely not put it at a disadvantage compared to the bigger beer companies).
I'm not aware of any statute in BC requiring that you must replace your drivers license every time you move to a new address. I moved 10 times in the past 6 years (most of which were moving to and from my university when I was in school), so if that were indeed a rule, then I would have had to replace my drivers license almost twice a year, at a total cost of about $200. That seems unnecessary and excessive to me, since a drivers license in BC is valid for 5 years. In reality I only replaced it once during that time, and I'm genuinely not planning to replace it after my upcoming move, since it is valid until 2018. However I will of course inform the insurance company of my move, as that actually is legally required. Anyway, this conversation has probably run its course, as it's now pretty far off track. Cheers.
&gt;And its completely unrealistic to believe that oil production to stop. Of course it is, but that's a false dilemma. There is plenty of middle ground between shutting down the oil sands entirely, and increasing oil sands production by almost 200% (which is the oil industry's stated intention for the four major pipeline proposals). To put numbers on it: oil sands production in 2013 was 1.8 million barrels per day. The Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers says they want to expand production to 5.2 million barrels per day by 2030, which would be enabled by the Kinder Morgan, Northern Gateway, Energy East, and Keystone pipelines, as they would combine for approximately 3 million barrels per day of capacity. So building these pipelines would mean *increasing* oil sands production by almost 200% between now and 2030. Meanwhile our country recently announced its goal to *reduce* greenhouse gas emissions by 30% over that same time period. Those goals aren't compatible, and given the choice, I prefer that we put more efforts towards the latter. So I'm opposed to the pipeline proposals, but I don't want us to shut down the oil sands any time soon. I just prefer that we maintain current levels of production (and then gradually reduce production over time), instead of dramatically increasing oil sands production in the coming decades.
&gt;If you're moving within B.C, you need to change the address on your driver licence within 10 days according to ICBC. Thanks, I'll have to look into that. &gt;But none of that matters: You will certainly be able to vote on election day, and suggesting otherwise is just ignorant fear-mongering. &gt;Worst case scenario: You continue to refuse to update your government issued ID with your current address, and then show up at a polling station without any documentation to establish your eligibility to vote. Elections Canada will have you complete a declaration where you state your name and address, then your ballot goes into a sealed envelope and is only counted after your eligibility to vote is confirmed. If it turns out you are not who you say you are, or you do not live where you say you live, your ballot will be disregarded and you could face charges under the Elections Act. I haven't heard of that before, but I hope it's true. &gt;I know, I know. It is the end of democracy. If you say so. I never suggested any such thing.
Unless it's not one of the main pollutants that cars create.
Definitely. I just don't want people to come away with the idea that cars aren't significant polluters, based on this article's semi-misleading comparison.
It's possible to enact a policy that is good for society *and* good for themselves. This is a prime example.
The post-graduation job hunt is frustrating and there's a lot of luck involved, but it just takes persistence, so keep at it. Remember: you'll never again have as little work experience as you have now, which in theory should make future job searching a little easier. For me, it took 6 months and 35 job applications before I got a job after graduation. You're definitely not alone on this.
I'm starting to think this will be the issue that tips the scales and costs Christy Clark the 2017 election. Recent polling seems to suggest that many homeowners recognize the consequences of this, and want the government to do something to address the ever-escalating housing prices, so it's not just renters that are displeased.
The difference is that Harper has been in power for 9 years, and could have acted sooner rather than waiting until 4 months before the election to announce new funding (which, incidentally, won't start arriving until at least 2 years from now). Mulcair and Trudeau have not yet had that opportunity.
That's hard to believe. CIBC increased my limit to $1000 when I was only halfway through my bachelors degree, and that was also after the 2008 crash.
I'm left-leaning and I've supported a carbon tax years. We should be glad that some right-leaning people are getting on board with it, and agreeing that A) greenhouse gas emissions and climate change are a problem that needs to be addressed through public policy, B) we know of an efficient policy mechanism that can help to addressing it. Right-wing people aren't evil, they just have different priorities and values than left-wing people on some issues. So the fact that some of them agree with us on this issue should be something to celebrate and build on, not something to be discouraged by.
General rule of thumb: If an article's headline ends with a question mark, the answer is "probably not".
Try googling the government of Canada "job bank", it's a website where, if I recall, you can search specifically for jobs intended for students. If you'll be quitting the job in September when you go to school then it'll be generally tough to find a job, because not many stores or restaurants want to hire for just 2 months (I had that problem a few summers). Try looking for positions helping out with summer camps and sports camps, since those are specifically summer-only and would fit your time frame well. Or maybe landscaping or picking berries or something seasonal like that.
Sales tax is about as stable as it gets, as the revenue doesn't fluctuate too much during recessions, compared to income taxes or corporate taxes. What type of tax do you think would be more stable?
Gas tax revenues are declining, while the population is increasing. That means there will be less transit coverage per person, so without new funding to buy more buses, they'll have to move buses from low-ridership routes (mostly in the outer suburbs) to high-ridership routes where the buses are full (mostly in urban areas), in order to save money. Having more revenue would allow them to maintain or even increase service on the less-profitable routes in places like Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Langley, etc., as well as increasing service on high-ridership routes. The allocation of buses would no longer be a zero-sum game, since they could buy 400 new buses. [Here's a map showing the cost-per-passenger of every bus route in the region.](http://movingforward.discoursemedia.org/cost-of-bus-data/)
&gt;But, they are saying that they are going to decrease those routes, win or lose. Source? I see the Province newspaper saying that, but I don't see any direct quotes from Translink saying that. All I see is "In some areas, if you can get more passengers, or more ridership, then you’re better off". &gt;So why on earth would anyone expect people who live in those areas to lose service but **subsidize the very expensive subway to ferry foreign students to UBC**? Now you're either trolling, or have no idea what you're talking about. A) About 80% of UBC students are Canadian B) The vast majority of foreign students live on campus or in the surrounding neighbourhoods, ie. areas where the Millennium line extension on Broadway wouldn't even go yet. The students who would use the Broadway line most are the commuters from East Van, Burnaby, Coquitlam, New West, Surrey, etc. And there are a huge number of non-students who live, work or spend time at places near the Broadway corridor or at UBC, who would also use the line. But nice attempt at injecting some subtle xenophobia as an argument against improving our region's infrastructure. "It's not for you, it's for the *foreigners*!"
With the caveat: &gt; But within certain principles we’re following, and certain service levels we want to maintain.” So yes, it sounds like they will continue to look at which routes are under-performing, and whether they should be reduced and replaced with more service on better-performing routes, or new routes. And perhaps that will mean less service on certain routes in the outer suburbs. But of course, Translink's most vocal critics have always been whining that they should be more "efficient" with the money they have, and this is what that looks like. Would you be happy if they stopped trying to optimize their routes and find inefficiencies, and stopping evaluating which ones are worth the cost?
Confirmation bias in terms of what? Who am I not thinking about? I'm open to having my views challenged and criticized, but I genuinely can't tell what you're criticizing me for. And for the record, I lived the majority of my life in a car-dependent outer suburb, and don't *want* them to cut service in those types of areas. I think there is value in providing at least a basic level of service to a wide area of the region, even if it is more expensive, so that the transit-reliant people in those outlying areas still have access to it. But I also recognize they have competing demands and have to balance multiple priorities, and there has been a lot of pressure on them to be less "wasteful". So when budgets are tight and there are routes with more demand than the buses can currently satisfy, it might make sense to increase the number of buses there, which unfortunately means decreasing elsewhere. How much should they prioritize covering as wide an area as possible, versus moving more people by focusing on high-ridership routes and areas? It's a tough question, with no concrete answer.
I hope so, and I think younger people are completely turned off by them, but I'm guessing they must find attack ads to be more effective amongst many older people.
&gt;True but Harper was very good at operating a minority government. His first few years were all minority governments. That is true, but he had the advantage of a strong Bloc Quebecois, which prevented him from being outnumbered by the Liberals + NDP. The Liberals and NDP would have had to gain the support of the Bloc if they wanted to govern, and balancing the interests of 3 parties would be too difficult. If the 2015 election results in the Liberals + NDP holding more than half of the seats, it's very possible they could make an arrangement where one of them will govern with the conditional support of the other.
Yeah I know people who voted Conservative last time because they felt like their main priorities matched (tough on crime, low taxes, etc.), but are disappointed with the actual policies and actions taken over the last 4 years, and will be choosing another party. I do also know people who voted Conservative and will do so again, but I think a lot will switch, which is good and healthy in a democracy.
Yeah Hastings Sunrise is a good suggestion.
Trudeau has stated he supports increasing Canada's contribution to training Iraqi and Kurdish troops that are fighting against ISIS.
&gt; Liberal gov: The NDP better whip this vote because with out them our backbenchers are going to sink this thing &gt; Passes by 25 votes [The NDP cast 17 votes in favour of it, and 1 vote against it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_38th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage) They could have all stayed home, and it still would have passed, with the support of most Liberals and Bloc members.
Here is how the Conservative Party MPs voted on this issue: In 2005, [3 Conservatives voted in favour of recognizing same-sex marriages and 93 Conservatives voted against it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_38th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage) Then in 2006, after Harper came to office, [110 Conservatives voted to ban gay marriage, and just 13 Conservatives voted against banning same-sex marriage.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_39th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage)
People give a fuck because they would like some insight into the values, worldview and thought-processes that the country's most powerful politician uses when making decisions, before deciding whether or not to vote him into power again. If he no longer supports banning gays from marrying, I would be interested to know why he used to hold that view ([and voted to ban gay marriage 2006](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Members_of_the_39th_Canadian_Parliament_and_same-sex_marriage)), and why his views have changed.
Among the cabinet ministers, it seems like it's the somewhat more moderate ones that are leaving or left (John Baird, James Moore, Peter MacKay, Jim Flaherty). Not a reassuring sign.
If you'll be using transit 5 days a week or more then you should go for a monthly pass, it'll be cheaper and more convenient.
I'd say dress one step more formal than what you would wear in the job.
Since everyone else is predicting a "no", I'll step out of line and say 52-48 for the yes-side. Vancouver votes 70% yes, Burnaby, New West, Richmond and the City of North Van vote 50%+ yes, and everywhere else has majority no votes. I'm guessing Township of Langley and Maple Ridge will have the highest proportions of "no" votes, excluding places like Bowen Island that have less than 15,000 people. And no, I'm not confident in this outcome, but it is a possibility. And I do expect my ordering of the municipalities to be pretty accurate.
Especially considering we had 10 weeks to vote...
But why are remarks made on that topic (approximately 5 years ago, if I recall) treated as though they are of more importance than actual policy ideas put forward by the Green Party?
Wards vs At-Large voting is an interesting question, and there's definite pros and cons to each. Wards allow for representation closer to the people, but potentially leads to councillors to focus too much on the interests of their neighbourhood and ignore the impact on others (and thus more NIMBYism and political fights between different neighbourhoods). At-Large voting allows councillors to consider the big picture instead of just the needs of their own neighbourhood, but it also makes it more difficult for independents or lesser known people to get elected through grass-roots campaigns, and means less direct representation for people. I really don't know what I'd prefer. I currently like the way the current system reduces the amount of neighbourhood politics and allows councillors to focus on the big-picture and get things done, but I do see real merits in having a ward-based system, and understand the concerns that the current system makes local politics overwhelming for most voters (how can they possibly have an opinion about so many candidates?), and thus has negative impacts on voter engagement and their representation. Interestingly, there have been 5 referendums/plebiscites on this topic since 1970: &gt;1973: 59 per cent of voters chose to keep the at-large system. &gt;1978: 52 per cent voted in favour of reinstating a ward system. However, the provincial government's amendments to the Vancouver Charter, the legislation that governs the city, specified that Vancouver's electoral system could only be changed with a 60 per cent majority vote in a referendum. &gt;1988: 56 per cent majority in favour of wards, which was not enough to meet the 60 per cent required. &gt;1996: 59 per cent voted in favour of keeping the at-large system. &gt;2004: 54 per voted opposed to adopting a ward system. http://searcharchives.vancouver.ca/vancouver-b-c-electoral-reform-commission
&gt;I used to live in South Vancouver and in my particular area I would feel safe in saying that it was probably 95% east indian, and when walking up Fraser St, which was the closest major street to my house you could see that most shops were catering to Punjabi people with a scattering of Chinese bakery's. According to the 2011 Census, in the neighbourhood of Sunrise (which you refer to), people's first languages are as follows: 31% - English (or English + another language) 27% - Hindi/Punjabi/Tamil 18% - Chinese/Mandarin/Cantonese 8% - Tagalog (Filipino) 2% - Vietnamese 2% - Spanish 1% - German 11% - Other The percentage who speak English (or English + another language) at home is 53% (18990/36120). Also worth noting that 85% of residents there speak English (30555/36120), and another 4% speak English and French (1605/36120), while 11% speak neither one (3935/36120). What you say may have been true for your street or a few blocks around Fraser St, but is that really enough for it to be a homogenous ethnic enclave, where most immigrants don't interact with people from other backgrounds? Based on the information for the entire neighbourhood, which shows it to be very diverse, it seems unlikely.
&gt;Edit: saw your comment about doing it online....yeah, that's the way it should go soon, I hope. Just an FYI: the Census can be filled out online, and that's the recommended option. I did mine online in 2011.
That's fair, and to be honest, I don't know much about Tamil. I grouped them together because the previous poster remarked about the amount of East Indians living there, so I didn't want to be accused of downplaying the amount of Indo-Canadians in the neighbourhood, by splitting them up into separate categories.
&gt;Hint: Guess where we're getting tin and other li-ion battery resources from? Could you just tell us instead?
Yeah STV is just too complicated. MMP or IRV (ranked ballots) are the way to go if we do electoral reform IMO, preferably ranked ballots.
As of the last Census, Saanich-Gulf Islands has an average household income of $70,814, which is in line with the country's average, not "one of the wealthiest in Canada".
People don't have to join a party in order to vote or volunteer for them though. Is the inability to become a BC NDP member really a big deal for a lot of LPC members?
To be fair to us Canadians, most of our leaders aren't as right-wing or backwards as Harper or Ford, but perhaps it's just the bad ones that get attention across the border. For example, most Canadian big cities actually have pretty good progressive mayors right now, but of course Rob Ford the crackhead was the only one getting attention beyond his own city, because who cares about a mayor in Vancouver or Calgary doing a decent job? And regarding Harper, the simple answer is that he was very right-wing, but he was strategically very intelligent and willing to set aside some of his ideology in order to maintain power. He understood the Canadian electorate well enough to know that trying to restrict gay marriage or abortion, or trying to privatize health care would prove everyone's worst suspicions about him, and high-profile issues like those would kill his political chances. So he left those issues alone and didn't take a lot of big actions. Instead he focused on other issues that wouldn't attract the same level of negative attention (suppressing scientists, cutting environmental regulations in the hopes of promoting more fossil fuel development, gradually cutting funding for public services) and made a lot of incremental changes that added up over time. But more than anything, his government used their decade in power to block progress from being made on a lot of issues, simply claiming to be a steady hand at the wheel instead, but eventually the people got tired of Harper, and booted him from office a couple months ago. So now we've got a Liberal majority government under Justin Trudeau, who has promised to legalize marijuana, invest more in public transit and other infrastructure projects, invest more in clean energy research, raise taxes on the wealthiest 1% and lower them on middle incomes, and so on. So it's exciting times now to be a liberal in Canada.
Gotcha, that makes sense, and I suppose it depends on the level of involvement that a person is looking to have. That does highlight the problem with the NDP's policy of having members at one level automatically become a member at the other. It might not be a big problem in a province like Ontario or the maritime provinces, where there are 3-party systems with parties that have a federal equivalent, but in BC where it's basically a 2-party system that doesn't match federal politics, that policy could be deterring a significant number of potential members.
&gt; Clark is a strong campaigner, she would need to be trailing in the polls at the start of a campaign for the opposition to have any hope of winning. **She is not**, and will not be baring some unforeseen event. Though they are infrequent, provincial polls have showed the BC NDP in the lead for the past year (check threehundredeight.com). Clark's approval ratings have sunk significantly since the last election, and now hover in the 30-35% range. That's not good. Dix was dragged down largely by his past scandal, but that shouldn't be an issue for Horgan. I think Clark is too unpopular to win another election, barring some huge mistakes by the NDP, but we shall see.
&gt;There isn't much of a demand for her head this time around. Really? My impressions are that she's a fair bit less popular now, and has accumulated more baggage (as tends to happen as one governs). Last time she was a relatively fresh face for many voters, so she was able to win over some voters who didn't have a particularly firm opinion about her yet, but I'm skeptical that it'll be that way again after 6 years in office. I don't like Kathleen Wynne's chances next time for the exact same reasons. &gt;A 30% rating for a sitting head of government is pretty much the norm. Not if they want to win re-election in a 2-party system, where they (typically) need 45% of the vote to win. It could happen, but it's certainly not a good sign. &gt;Yes, some people hate her. But these people voted against her last time too. I don't know about hate, but there's a lot of people who are frustrated with her, who voted for her party last time. &gt;There's just no major flash point to be a wedge issue for the NDP to gain strength on. It didn't take a major flash point to drag Harper down from 40% support to ~30% either, it was just the accumulation of baggage, with people tired or mad at his government for a variety of different reasons. It happens to governments when they remain in office for a while, and I get the sense that it's happened now in BC.
Any suggestions for somewhere else that has well-informed discussions, but also more diverse voices?
Having grown up here, I always thought of BC mostly as a Liberal desert, if anything. I'm pleased with the recent results but I'm definitely not ready to call BC any sort of Liberal stronghold just yet. Let's see if it stays this way for a couple elections.
If the alternative was a BC Liberal minority government, and the Greens were in a position to be kingmaker, I'm pretty confident they'd be willing to support the NDP. Many of their supporters would feel betrayed if they sided with the BC Liberals, unless they got major concessions from them.
They support it, and are interested in increasing it and spending the new revenue on green projects like public transit, clean energy, etc. Interestingly, Clark is hinting that she might also propose increasing the carbon tax, but using the new revenue to cut other taxes, so that could make for a major election issue. http://www.vancouversun.com/technology/clark+horgan+take+opposing+stands+carbon+hikes/11620049/story.html
It's really silly most of the time. The main reasons they give for their anger about bike lanes are that they mean less road space for cars (lanes become not as wide, or in certain situations, they require the removal of one car lane), and that money shouldn't be spent on infrastructure that benefit cyclists, because cyclists don't pay gas taxes (and therefore cyclists are "freeloaders"). One theory I've heard about a root cause of this hostility is that seeing other people travelling by bicycle, getting exercise and not polluting, it makes some people subconsciously feel guilty about driving a car, or they feel like the cyclists are implicitly condemning their car-oriented lifestyle. So instead of being glad that those cyclists are polluting less, their guilt leads to resentment of them. Personally, I both drive a car and ride a bike, and really wish it wasn't seen as an us-vs-them type of thing when bike lanes are proposed. Cities already have lots of space for cars to drive, now let's create more safe routes for bikes.
I agree, and don't have much problem with prioritizing female refugees and children, even if we'd rather not do that in an ideal world.
I'd propose raising the carbon tax to bring in part of that, and then get the rest from small income tax increases (or perhaps an empty homes surtax, if feasible).
Realistically, the point isn't to get the government to immediately make a major policy change. The point is mainly to increase public awareness and attract media attention to the issue, in the hopes that more pressure will be put on government to do something about it. So in that sense, they sometimes work.
It's funny how you get downvoted for doing math based on real government revenue numbers, while the previous post gets upvoted for using inaccurate numbers that assume individual car drivers are the only users of fuels in this province. God bless /r/vancouver
Correct, and that seems like a reasonable option. I don't see much argument for why MSP is better for society than the carbon tax.
&gt; There is absolutely no excuse to eat meat in this day and age. While I agree that people should try to eat less meat, that statement is a bit much. **Reasons to eat meat:** 1) Convenience (meat options are widely available at restaurants, etc.) 2) Social convenience (subtle pressure from friends and family to eat meat to fit in) 3) Taste 4) Easy source of protein **Reasons not to eat meat:** 1) The mistreatment and slaughter of animals 2) Excessive environmental burden and resource demands of raising livestock 3) Some negative health impacts of meat 4) Expensive
I'm not the OP, but I've mostly eliminated meat from my diet (I only eat it at family gatherings, to avoid annoying my family), so I'll answer. If synthetic meat was available, and thus eliminated the issues around the mistreatment/slaughter of animals, while reducing the environmental burden of eating meat, then I wouldn't have any objections to it. I don't know if I would start cooking with meat again (since I'm now out of the habit of doing so, and have no particular reason to start again), but I would become more likely to eat it at restaurants.
A sample size like that is fine, but there is the possibility of a biased sample, partly due to it being an online poll. They're two separate issues though: if a sample is biased, then increasing the sample size won't really help that much. For example, if 5% of the actual population is vegetarian, but 8.5% of the population they are sampling from is vegetarian, then increasing the sample size will just make them more likely to get a result close to 8.5%. On the other hand, Environics is actually a pretty reputable polling company, so they probably made a decent effort to get a diverse sample or maybe weight the demographics to be more representative of the population.
&gt;Yeah, there's no way an online poll got gamed by a handful of people trying to push an agenda. Normally I would agree, but this was conducted by Environics, who are a pretty reputable polling company. By "online poll" they presumably don't mean an open poll on a website like CBC, that everyone can send a link to their friends to spam. They wouldn't need to hire a polling company for that. This would be more like a phone survey, except it goes to people online who are randomly selected (and they would use the demographic information to rebalance their sample, etc.).
Do you consider Canada's approach to refugees to be moderate enough?
&gt;The bigger and more desirably-located the property, the higher the tax. And the richer the owner. Of course, but the value of property people owns typically doesn't correspond as closely to their income, compared to their spending on goods. Lower or middle income people are more likely to over-leverage themselves to get a place to live and spend a high % of income on their home, whereas higher income people would spend a lower % on it, which makes property tax regressive (at least among homeowners). For example, my aunt and uncle earn a combined $200,000 per year, and own a house worth $800,000. Meanwhile a family earning $70,000 per year might own a house worth $400,000, and thus would pay a higher % of their income on property taxes. It's true that it's hard to compare renters to homeowners in this regard.
You'll save on your MSPs, and spend a bit more on gas. The money has to come from somewhere. I get the impression that people are more bothered by gas taxes than income taxes (or fees like MSP), and I've never really understood why.
Just curious, what are your thoughts on Alberta's planned approach, of bringing in a carbon tax but spending the revenue on public transit and other things, instead of making it revenue neutral by cutting other taxes? Obviously you'd prefer that it be revenue neutral, but do you still support their carbon tax proposal in spite of that?
High-end earners drag the average way up. For an exaggerated example, suppose there were 99 people earning $15/hour (~$30k per year), and 1 person earning $1015/hour (~$2 million per year). The average wage would be $25/hour (~50k per year), even though 99% of them are earning way less than that.
&gt; I'll pick the Dipper next time. My plan as well. The BC Liberals have grown stale and arrogant, and seem unwilling to take action addressing some big issues. If the NDP governs better, then that's great. If they don't, then the province can switch back to the BC Liberals the following time, and at least they'll have been forced to find a fresh face and some new ideas.
Your post has now been featured in a [CBC article](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/welcome-homebuyers-china-surrey-1.3396581)!
Could you elaborate about what that would involve or look like?
I like your style. I would put addressing housing affordability issues on that list as well. That could involve a tax on empty homes (if feasible), or at the very least collecting data about foreign-owned and/or empty homes, to help with making future policy changes.
I doubtful that attacking Syrian refugees outside of a welcome event held for them was "random". It seems very likely that they were his target.
&gt; No, the national media normalized that culture and partially suppressed dissenting viewpoints, creating the false appearance of uniform support for multiculturalism and immigration. According to polling, it wasn't a "false appearance", as there really was very high support for it, but views actually have changed significantly over the past decade. From 2005 to now, the % of people who think there are too many visible minorities has increased from about 19% to 41% (according to EKOS polling). The % who think there are too many immigrants has increased from about 26% to 46%. http://www.ekospolitics.com/index.php/2015/03/tolerance-under-pressure/
&gt;because partisans in each party will strongly encourage their supporters to not vote for anyone else. And what benefit would they get from that, and why would supporters obey? If I vote Liberal, and the Liberal candidate doesn't come in the top 2, they aren't hurt by me indicating that I prefer the NDP candidate over the Conservative (the two finalists). And as a voter, it's absolutely in my interests to have that preference taken into account. EDIT: I completely misread the previous post, and thought they were talking about Ranked Ballots. Despite that, my post surprisingly ended up still being somewhat relevant.
One stat from the article that seems noteworthy: the unemployment rate for Albertan men without a high school diploma has increased from ~6.5% to 17% (since mid-late 2014).
No problem! Yeah I found the polling data surprising as well, because I don't fully understand what would have happened over the past decade to change people's minds. Maybe it's just a matter of it reaching a breaking point, where people were comfortable with immigration when there were fewer of them here, but as more and more start to accumulate here people start to get uneasy. Or maybe it's due to specific immigration related issues (eg. Temporary Foreign Worker controversy; concerns about housing prices in Vancouver and Toronto).
Agreed. And allowing family reunification will also help immigrants to have a sense of belonging and truly feel like a part of our community, instead of just seeing this as somewhere they came to earn money, to bring back to their old country where their heart and their parents remain. If we want to create a cohesive society, things like that matter.
I don't have a strong opinion about Site C specifically, but speaking generally, it's worth keeping in mind that transitioning away from fossil fuels will require us to produce a lot more electricity in the future. Personal transportation (cars and transit) and heating systems will hopefully be powered mostly by electricity in the coming decades (replacing gasoline and natural gas, respectively), so we'll need to increase our electricity production in order to make that work.
He considered running for leader for the upcoming election (before Horgan was chosen), but if I recall, he opted not to at the time (2013 or 2014) because he had just had a child born.
From what I've seen of the two organizations, I don't like either one. The thing that IMO makes the Fraser Institute more of a problem is that they get a lot more media coverage, and their research gets presented through the media at face value (which they probably do for most think-tank reports).
&gt; It might take a few years to get rolling, but if the canada line is an indication, it will happen. With all the marine/cambie buildings, and now lots more coming at oakridge, and the growth of mid rise condos on cambie just south of king Ed, that area is becoming a dense corridor. Speaking of Oakridge, they just announced that it will be scaled back by 25%, due partially to geotechnical issues underground. http://www.vancouversun.com/vancouver+most+ambitious+commercial+residential+developments+being+scaled+back/11646964/story.html
Why wouldn't there be? There's tons of people fitting that description in every part of the lower mainland.
&gt;**1. Pick your own pronoun** &gt;The guidelines advise teachers to address each student by whatever name — and pronoun — that particular student chooses, based on how the student self-identifies. Not exactly unreasonable, but the suggestion of new pronouns like "ze" and "zir" seems silly and unnecessary to me. If someone doesn't feel comfortable with male or female pronouns, using "they" and "them" as singular pronouns should be acceptable. &gt;**2. Play for the boys or girls team** &gt;As much as possible, the guidelines call for the elimination of separate activities for students based on gender. Sounds good. &gt;When it comes to sports teams, in particular, the guidelines say students should be "given the opportunity to participate on the team that reflects their gender identity and expression." Not sure about that... I get the intention, but it could be abused by stupid kids and create way more problems than it solves, if lots of boys start joining girls' teams as a joke. That could end up discouraging female participation. &gt;**3. Use male or female washrooms, or neither** &gt;It should be up to each individual whether they use a washroom designated for males or females, according to the guidelines. &gt;Specifically, the document states that students should be "able to access washrooms that are congruent with their gender identity." Not a great idea, as stupid kids will abuse this for laughs ("you can't kick me out of your washroom, I swear I'm a girl in my mind!"). It would be better to just ensure that every school has at least one general-neutral private washroom, which could be used by those with gender-identity concerns. &gt;**4. Pick the change room you prefer** &gt;When it comes to change rooms, all students are to have access to "facilities that meet their individual needs and privacy concerns." &gt;This could include a private area with a common change room or a separate area, such as a nearby washroom, for students to use if they don't want to change with the group. I'm not clear on what this one is suggesting, so I can't comment. &gt;**5. Establish gay-straight alliances** Great, no problem with that. Anyway, I don't think it's so bad overall, but I think they went too far with a couple of these. And since my views on gender issues tend to be more "progressive" than most people's, I don't see this going well with the general public. I wish they would have scaled a couple of these back before making them public, because now there will be even more reflexive mockery and outrage, and less open minds to the suggestions that actually do make sense.
I agree. They could keep washrooms segregated, but ensure that every school has at least one private gender-neutral washroom (ie. a handicap washroom). Or they could make all washrooms gender-neutral. As for the pronouns, they should just encourage the use of "they" and "them" to refer to people who aren't comfortable identifying as male or female.
&gt;So you care about this. My initial question would be why? It doesn't bother me personally, but I think the use of words like "ze" and "zir" will generate public backlash and distract from the other suggestions, which I think are important and have a lot of merit. Using "they" and "them" seems to me like a simpler solution that would go over better with the public. &gt;And my second question is, why should you get a say in what pronoun with which someone wants to be referred? I probably should have phrased my previous post differently. I don't care what pronouns they use, but I don't see what "ze" and "zir" accomplish, which using "they" and "them" would not. Maybe the bill just generally says that kids that choose their own pronouns, but if it specifically suggests "ze" and "zir" as options, then that seems like something that will create a distraction and an excess of media/public backlash, and unnecessarily make the bill less politically popular.
The headline is complete BS. Nowhere in the article does Trudeau say anything of the sort, in fact, it doesn't feature any sort of quote from Trudeau. Yes there are international drug treaties from the 1970s and 1980s, but they will find a way to deal with those. Treaties have been modified or broken before; it won't be the first time and it won't be the last. To suggest that these treaties are an insurmountable barrier is to suggest that no developed country will ever be able to legalize marijuana, and that is absurd.
The Liberals' Infrastructure minister is from Alberta, so I would think they'll get their share.
What was the promise?
I don't have polling numbers on hand, but I'm pretty sure that lots of Jews are pro-choice and pro-gay marriage, probably a majority.
That's correct.
Insite has been proven to reduce overdose deaths and reduce the spread of HIV and other diseases, so I don't see why we'd expect this site to fail. What's different?
I don't think we'll see safe-injection sites opening in the neighbourhoods they were sending Punjabi and Mandarin ads to (Richmond or South Vancouver, if I recall). It was pretty clearly fear-mongering and misleading, even if the general idea that Liberals support safe-injection sites is true.
&gt;there is already a safe injection site in the downtown east side which has a large chinese population, so you've already been proven wrong. Proven wrong about what? I said I don't expect safe-injection sites in Richmond and South Vancouver any time soon. Let me know when that changes. &gt;no safe injection site in surrey? no addicts there? none in east van? There are addicts in both of those places, but they aren't the neighbourhoods that I was referring to, because I don't recall them being mentioned in the news coverage around this issue. http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/conservative-advertising-chinese-punjabi-1.3268011 &gt;The campaign is running in Chinese and Punjabi-language newspapers, and radio stations in Richmond and South Vancouver Besides, the main criticism of the CPC was their made-up part about brothels. Nobody denied that the Liberals support safe-injection sites (although it is fear-mongering to pretend that they'll be popping up all over South Vancouver).
&gt;you are seriously standing by the point that unless a safe-injection site opens in richmond or south vancouver it's all ok? holly cognitive dissonance! I'm saying the neighbourhoods those ads were mainly meant to target, such as Richmond and South Van, are not likely to get safe-injection sites. Neighbourhoods that already have problems with heroin use are the ones likely to get them. &gt;there are no richmond or south-vancouver specific ethnic news papers or ethnic radio stations. &gt;they serve the entire lower mainland. Yeah I had slightly misremembered the news story, as before I looked up the story I thought the message was targeted only to Richmond and South Van. I posted the link to show where I had gotten that impression, and explain why I was talking about those communities specifically.
The suggestions that Trudeau will make it easier for kids to access marijuana, and open brothels in their neighbourhoods are complete fearmongering, and the negative reaction was fully justified IMO. The suggestion that Trudeau will put safe-injection sites in their neighbourhoods could be true for some neighbourhoods but probably not many. So it's misleading, with an element of truth.
They still have to find their own heroin, that's not provided at Insite. What they get is clean needles, a safe place to inject their drugs, and access to nurses and health care professionals.
&gt;In a process that will begin in the coming months with community consultation, Lansdowne Centre shopping mall’s 50-acre site in the heart of Richmond’s downtown will be redeveloped in phases to include multiple residential highrises, a 10-acre park, and a mix of retail and office space. Nice, that sounds like a huge improvement over the gigantic parking lot that currently occupies that space.
Agreed on the first two points. Mayors are the ones viewed as responsible for the city's decisions and held accountable if things go poorly, so it makes sense for them to have power. I'd prefer a strong executive that can be kicked out if they screw up, rather than a system where nobody really knows who to credit/blame for how things are going (eg. US federal government, where power is split between the President/Senate/Congress). &gt;Thirdly, surprised how low a councillor's salary is. Indeed, apparently councillor salaries are tied to the average earnings of Vancouverites with full-time jobs. http://vancouver.ca/your-government/city-council-salaries-expenses.aspx
I've definitely never heard anyone call the niqab "progressive". I don't like the niqab and I hope for women to choose not to wear them, but I think they should have that choice.
It's often not clear whose "merits" put them ahead of another candidate. Take a look at the résumes of the cabinet ministers chosen and then try to find backbenchers that are clearly more qualified than them. You won't find many (if any) slam dunks for who could be replaced, and that's not even taking into account the intangible factors, such as working style, temperament, etc. The way I see it, the Liberals had lots of qualified candidates, more than they needed to use. So by choosing to select a gender-balanced group, they probably aren't getting worse ministers, but they are getting ones with more diverse perspectives that better match the demographics of our country. To me that's important because demographics have a real impact on people's lived experiences, and the cabinet will make the best decisions when they understand the lives and experiences of all different types of Canadians.
It definitely depends where you live, and what types of restaurants you go to. It's difficult to eat vegetarian at Chinese restaurants, but in my city, most other restaurants will have at least 1 or 2 vegetarian options that aren't just salads (pasta, veggie burger, vegetarian sandwich, etc.). If you're thinking of trying a vegetarian diet, you might find it easier or less daunting to just view it as reducing your meat consumption step by step, instead of trying to eliminate it outright. That was my approach, and it made it a lot easier. Starting about 2.5 years ago, I first stopped eating meat at lunch, but kept having it for dinner. Then I cut my dinners back to only a couple meals with meat each week, as I gradually discovered more vegetarian meal options. And then I stopped buying meat altogether, but continued eating it if someone served it to me, like at a family gathering, dinner party, etc. or if I was in a situation where there was no other option. So although I never entirely eliminated meat from my diet, I probably eat meat about 2 times per month, compared to about 50 times per month up until 2013, so I see it as a big improvement. So basically, my advice is not to view it as a black-and-white thing, where you either keep a meat-intensive diet or eliminate it altogether. Gradual reductions still do a lot of good, and can make it less difficult. Also, /r/vegetarian is a helpful resource for getting advice and learning more about vegetarian cooking or meal options.
Suppose someone gives birth to a child and then locks them in a cage in their basement and abuses them for years, before finally killing them and eating them. Does the cruelty not matter, since they were created and raised to be murdered and consumed? I think it does matter, and I think the cruelty to animals matters as well. Their pain and suffering is very real, even if they'll ultimately die (as we all will).
&gt;I wish I had the willpower to stop eating meat. If it's too difficult to stop (which I completely understand, because food is a big part of our lives), you could try to just gradually reduce the amount of meat that you eat. Even a reduction still means less animals being slaughtered. That was what I did: a gradual approach. About 2.5 years ago, I stopped eating meat at lunch, but kept having it for dinner. Then I cut my dinners back to only a couple meals with meat each week, as I gradually discovered more vegetarian meal options. And then at some point I stopped buying meat altogether, but continued eating it if someone served it to me, like at a family gathering, dinner party, etc. or if I was in a situation where there was no other option. So although I never entirely eliminated meat from my diet, I only eat it about 2 times per month, compared to about 50 times per month up until 2013, so I see it as a big improvement. *I still eat fish though, because I don't have much problem with that
Nah, plants don't qualify as creatures, and are not as complex. Besides, more plants are killed to feed the animals that people eat, compared to if people just eat plants directly.
Hypothetically, what would happen if one of the party leaders died during the election campaign? Would they be immediately replaced by a new leader, so the party could remain competitive? Or would that party temporarily fall into shambles and collapse from contention? Or would there be some mechanism for the entire election to be put on hold, until that party replaced their leader? And if the election did proceed, with a new leader in place, would it be more likely to hurt that party (through no longer being viewed as a reliable option) or help them (through sympathy)?
Does that affect your answer?
&gt;A team of nine academics from the University of British Columbia (UBC) and Simon Fraser University (SFU) have proposed a 1.5% property tax surcharge, designed so that homeowners who live in the property and pay income taxes in British Columbia would be exempt. Read the full policy proposal here. &gt;For example, the owners of a $1 million home would pay a $15,000 surcharge, but if they had paid $15,000 or more in income taxes to Canada Revenue Agency that year, the surcharge would be zero. If they paid $10,000 in taxes, their property surcharge would be $5,000. Veterans, disabled people, and Canadians of retirement age would be exempt. &gt; Along with cities such as New York, London and Sydney, Vancouver has become an attractive place for wealthy people from emerging economy countries to “park” their money in real estate, especially during periods of economic or political turmoil. &gt;The policy authors envision a system where the revenue from what they have named the BC Housing Affordability Fund (BCHAF) property surcharge would be redistributed as lump-sum payments to Canadian tax filers in a designated area. However, the policy would also work if the tax revenue was returned to government. &gt;Based on vacancy data, the report authors think around $90 million per year could be raised in Vancouver. &gt;... &gt;If property owners were allowed to offset their surcharge with rental revenue reported to the Canada Revenue Agency, the policy would be an incentive to rent out housing instead of leaving it vacant. &gt;... &gt; Davidoff is critical of the B.C. government’s first-time home buyer’s grant, which allows qualifying buyers to pay less or no property transfer tax. The measure provides no relief to renters, he said, and pushes home prices higher by increasing the demand for housing. &gt;...
Okay, so if the parent intends to turn the child into food, then does that become a better option than not creating the child at all? I'm not interested in calling you a hypocrite, but I definitely believe it's better not to create a life, than to create one, give it a miserable life, and then kill it against its will.
If I recall, Harper was strongly in favour, Trudeau took a "wait and see" approach and said they needed to read the document before deciding, and Mulcair initially gave hints that he might support it but ultimately came out against it.
For the record, BC's is currently 7 cents per litre ($30/tonne of CO2).
Yes indeed, in 2008 it began at $10/tonne which is about 2.5 cents, and then it rose by $5/tonne each year until 2012. Since then, it has been frozen at $30/tonne. However it may start increasing again in 2018, as there are hints from both political parties that they are interested in increasing it. The BC Liberals hint that they would use additional carbon tax revenue to cut other taxes, and the BC NDP hint that they would use additional revenue to fund public transit and green projects.
Correction: There's nothing quite like banning people from your country on account of their ideas about banning people from their country on account of their ideas
The Vancouver Sun is decent, but the Province is trash, other than the sports pages.
It's imperfect, not unfeasible. Let's keep in mind that the status quo is also far, far from perfect.
The proposal suggests that Veterans, Disabled, and those on CPP should all be exempt from this surtax. There definitely are some minor issues that would need to be sorted out, but I think this policy would be more help than harm in Metro Vancouver.
I believe Trudeau's positions were anti-Northern Gateway, pro-Keystone, and waiting on the environmental reviews for Energy East and Transmountain (with some hints that he leans towards favouring them but has no official stance).
Now how about some context? The Republicans threatened to let the middle class Bush tax cuts expire, unless the Democrats also renewed the Bush tax cuts on the rich, so they both got renewed. However immediately after he won re-election in 2012, and had political momentum on his side, Obama got the Bush tax cuts reversed for people with incomes over $450,000, bringing their marginal tax rate back up from 35% to 39.6%. I suspect you probably knew that, but it didn't fit your narrative as well...
Canada has had same-sex marriage for over 10 years, and the Conservatives tried to ban it in 2006 but failed. After that vote, Harper said the issue was closed and he wouldn't reopen it, so the party hasn't been vocal about opposing it. However it's still listed in their official policy book, so that's what this is about. &gt;A group of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered Tories says now is the time to drop language opposing same-sex marriage from Conservative party policy. &gt;The party's need to rebuild after the fall election provides an opportunity to get rid of a policy that's offensive and hurts the party's chances for growth, a group called LGBTories says and they are asking interim party leader Rona Ambrose for help. &gt;"This policy is a significant obstacle to the acceptance of the Conservative message by voters who would otherwise be attracted to the party's stance on economic, security, and foreign policy issues," they wrote in a letter to her made public this week. &gt;... &gt;The party's policy declaration, last reviewed in 2013, says that a free vote in Parliament, not the courts, should determine the definition of marriage and that the party supports legislation defining marriage as the union of one man and one woman. &gt;It's been nearly a decade since Parliament last tackled the issue. In 2006, the Conservative minority government introduced a motion asking for a law to restore the traditional definition of marriage without affecting civil unions and while respecting existing same-sex marriages. &gt;The motion failed. In the years since, including the four years of Conservative majority government, no law was ever brought forward. &gt;LGBT Conservatives have gained more prominence in recent years. Since 2011, conventions have celebrated gay Conservatives at an event known as the fabulous blue tent. In 2013, more than 600 people showed up, including Laureen Harper. &gt;That same year, 18 Conservatives helped pass an Opposition bill through the Commons that would make it illegal to discriminate against transgendered Canadians, though the bill never passed the Senate, in part because of efforts by some Conservatives to stop it. &gt;When in government, the Conservatives also took a vocal stand in support of gay rights internationally. &gt;While the policy declaration isn't binding on party leadership, that doesn't make it any less problematic, Lorenzen said. While he understands there's a risk that bringing it up could create a schism with socially conservative elements of the party, the 56-year-old says the time has come, nonetheless.
I was thinking the same thing. Downtown waterfront property being used for a gigantic empty parking lot and a 3-block freeway. Great photo though!
It what way is it "working out great for them"? Their population is aging more rapidly than any other country, making it difficult to support their large population of seniors, they've had a stagnant economy for over 20 years now, and their debt-to-GDP ratio is among the highest in the world (top 3, along with Greece and Zimbabwe). Their xenophobia (and the lack of working-age people that has resulted from extremely low immigration rates) has been very costly for them.
What would be some goals and intentions of Reform II, and in what areas might they differ from the Conservative Party?
&gt;Trudeau has moved way too far left for centrist Liberals. On what issues? Keep in mind that nobody will ever have a party that perfectly matches their preferences, and he currently polls as having very high levels of support.
&gt;The WHO says processed meat is a class 1 carninogen--does that mean we should ban hot dog advertisements? That's a little misleading. Reading beyond the headlines, it becomes clear that the WHO does not consider processed meat to be anywhere near as harmful as cigarettes and alcohol. Their place as a class 1 carcinogen indicates the *strength of evidence* about their contributions to cancer, not the *severity* of those contributions. From the [WHO](http://www.who.int/features/qa/cancer-red-meat/en/): &gt;**9. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1). Tobacco smoking and asbestos are also both classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1). Does it mean that consumption of processed meat is as carcinogenic as tobacco smoking and asbestos?** &gt;No, processed meat has been classified in the same category as causes of cancer such as tobacco smoking and asbestos (IARC Group 1, carcinogenic to humans), but this does NOT mean that they are all equally dangerous. The IARC classifications describe the strength of the scientific evidence about an agent being a cause of cancer, rather than assessing the level of risk. &gt;**12. How many cancer cases every year can be attributed to consumption of processed meat and red meat?** &gt;According to the most recent estimates by the Global Burden of Disease Project, an independent academic research organization, about **34 000 cancer deaths per year worldwide are attributable to diets high in processed meat**. &gt;... &gt;These numbers contrast with about **1 million cancer deaths per year globally due to tobacco smoking, 600 000 per year due to alcohol consumption, and more than 200 000 per year due to air pollution**.
Chong was also the only Conservative to vote for the Liberals' bill (in early 2015) to restore the long-form Census. http://www.theguardian.pe.ca/Opinion/Letter-to-editor/2015-02-09/article-4037380/Canada-must-bring-back-crucial-long-form-census/1 &gt;On Wednesday evening, Conservative MPs passed up the chance to correct a serious error their government made almost five years ago when it eliminated the mandatory long-form census. &gt;All but one of them voted against Bill C-626, a bill that would bring back the long-form census and strengthen the independence of Canada’s chief statistician. Michael Chong was the lone Conservative to vote for the legislation introduced by Liberal MP Ted Hsu.
To be fair, I think 3. follows naturally from 2. I think cyclists are more likely to obey the traffic rules when they feel safe and have space designated for them.
I can't say what he does with all of his money, but here's one example: [Leonardo DiCaprio to donate $15m for environmental causes - 2015](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/jul/14/leonardo-dicaprio-to-donate-15m-for-environmental-causes) &gt;The actor Leonardo DiCaprio has pledged $15m (£10m) in donations to a host of environmental causes. &gt;The actor’s foundation announced on Tuesday that it has awarded grants to groups including Amazon Watch, Save the Elephants, Tree People and the World Wildlife Fund.
Almost. What I read during the transit referendum was it would extend from VCC-CLark to a stop at the future Emily Carr campus on Great Northern Way, then it would tunnel underground to Main-and-Broadway, then tunnel along Broadway with stops around Cambie, Oak, Granville and Arbutus, and that would be the endpoint for now. Then eventually they'll extend it to UBC.
Did you all miss the Trade Minister's statement? &gt;For Parliament to fully evaluate the merits of the TPP and for consultations to continue, Canada needs to stay at the table with the other TPP countries. That means when the eleven other countries convene to sign the Agreement next week, Canada will attend as well. Not attending would mean withdrawing from the TPP altogether, even before Canadians have had an opportunity to fully debate its implications. &gt;**Just as it is too soon to endorse the TPP, it is also too soon to close the door.** &gt;**Signing does not equal ratifying.** Only a majority vote in our Parliament can allow the Agreement to take force. Signing is simply a technical step in the process, allowing the TPP text to be tabled in Parliament for consideration and debate before any final decision is made. **All other countries will follow the same process, and each has up to two years to consider ratification before making a final determination.** http://www.international.gc.ca/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/agr-acc/tpp-ptp/open_letter-lettre_ouverte.aspx?lang=eng Signing it was obviously going to happen; the question has always been whether or not they'll ratify it. And as one of the smaller countries involved, the Canadian government will likely want to wait until they see if the larger countries ratify it, before deciding.
$130 per person ain't chump change... I mean, the public voted down transit expansion plans over less.
Did someone say it would help people's housing situation? It's just an example of how the tax revenue could be allocated.
And the oil sands can still continue producing 2 million barrels per day, even without any new pipelines. The proposed pipelines are only "needed" because the oil companies hope to increase production to 3-5 million barrels per day.
That's interesting, good to know!
British Columbian here. We got our share of criticism from the pro-pipeliners as well ("how dare they reject our pipelines, while continuing to operate cars"), but they seem even more eager for a chance to criticize Quebec.
Indeed, and the [Kalamazoo River oil spill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalamazoo_River_oil_spill) in Michigan is a prime example. About 1,100,000 gallons of diluted bitumen from Alberta spilled, and sunk to the bottom. Three years later, the clean-up was still ongoing. &gt;The only sensible solution long term is to break our dependency on fossil fuels. Exactly. And the more new oil infrastructure that gets built, the less economic incentives there are to speed up the transition.
I absolutely agree. But renewable subsidies are still much better than nothing. And another thing to consider, from a political standpoint: [How inefficient climate policies can build support for efficient ones](http://www.vox.com/2015/9/17/9343125/climate-policy-sequencing) &gt;... &gt;**A carbon tax is a paradigmatic wide policy — it sends a weak signal to the entire economy. The damages are concentrated in carbon-heavy sectors (which also concentrates political opposition) while the benefits are spread broadly over the populace (which diffuses political support). Green industrial policies are narrow — they send a strong signal to a particular economic sector. Their benefits are concentrated, while their costs are diffuse or hidden. This lends them roughly the inverse political valence and makes them difficult to uproot once they are passed, as the resilience of state renewable energy standards shows.** &gt;I wrote the other day about the dawning realization among (some) economists that green industrial policy might be necessary as a way of building political support for carbon pricing. Now a new analysis in the journal Science helps put a little flesh on the bones of that idea. &gt;Jonas Meckling and a group of fellow political scientists at UC Berkeley note that green industrial policy, by targeting its benefits, helps create industries and coalitions that support future policy. The classic historical example here is Germany: &gt;German policies began with funding for research and development, then subsidies for demonstration projects during the 1970s and 1980s, and continued to larger-scale market formation programs, including a feed-in law after the 1986 Chernobyl disaster. These policies led to industrial expansion in wind and, later, solar energy production; these developments helped create and expand a coalition of interests that fought to defend existing measures and supported further measures. &gt;For all the hassle Germany sometimes gets from wonks, it has sequenced its climate policies brilliantly. Each one creates more industries and constituencies that support further policy expansion. &gt;**Economists view [green industrial policies] as third- or fourth-best options for efficiency. But research in political science and law suggests that green industrial policy nurtures a political landscape of interests and coalitions that benefit from a transformation to low-carbon energy use—even when polluting industries might oppose it.** &gt;**Targeted policies create the "political landscape of interests and coalitions" necessary to pass more ambitious policies like carbon pricing.** With that in mind, the authors recommend a three-pronged strategy to policymakers. &gt;...
&gt;It makes sense if you think about it. **16 year old are more likely to be living at home.** So they've got more parental pressure to get out and vote. They also have less to worry about, **and the high schools would be running election events.** I think those are big factors. Being part of a high school community means that they can have class debates and discuss issues with their peers, their teachers could invite the candidates to speak, help them find provide info about when/where to vote, etc. A lot of young people aren't part of any sort of community after high school graduation, and may have less opportunities or motivation to get politically engaged when they're 18, 19, 20, compared to when they were 16. This is particularly true for those who don't go on to post-secondary education, but also those who do attend post-secondary but don't get involved with any community there.
If we're speaking anecdotally, in 2004, the students grade 4-7 at my school participated in a mock vote, and the results were: 1) Conservative 2) NDP 3) Liberal I don't know the reasoning for people's votes, but that matched the actual voting pattern in the riding, so perhaps many students' political opinions were influenced by their parents (they were 9-12 years old, after all). Anyway, let's keep in mind that this isn't about 10-year-olds in grade 5 voting (and I agree they're too young), it's about 16 and 17 year olds. We often like to celebrate experience and knowledge as being the two things that make someone informed and able to make a good choice, but sometimes it can be valuable to have a fresh perspective, unburdened by decades of accepting the status quo and coming to see it as inevitable or normal. That's one thing that younger voters could help bring to the table.
That would indeed be an argument in favour of 14, but there are more trade-offs, the further you lower the age. One major trade-off is that grade 9 students wouldn't have learned as much about civics yet. I know that in BC (at least as of 10 years ago when I was going through high school), the main education about our political system came in Social Studies 11. That could be changed of course, but the earlier they are allowed to vote, the less course material about history and civics they will have covered in school. The other factor is that they would have had 2 years less of cognitive development. I'm not sure how important that is, but it's a consideration. I wouldn't be absolutely opposed to 14, but I generally prefer incremental progress, rather than risking going too far. So I'd rather lower it to 16, see if that has the intended effects of boosting interest and participation among people in their late teens (and early 20s, as they age), and then consider whether or not to go further.
Yeah it's astonishing how consistently packed the 99 is. Surrey is obviously underserved right now, and needs more rapid transit so it can become less car-dependent and more efficient for those that use transit (or would like to). But Broadway is also highly in need, as it's a complete zoo right now. I really hope they'll get a funding solution that allows them to start work on both projects in the next couple years, instead of waiting for one project to finish before the other one starts.
That's actually one of the few promises I thought they should consider breaking, I don't mind if that's the case. The other one is the OAS age: I hope they'll break their promise and continue with the previous government's plan to increase it to 67, as I think that's fiscally prudent given people's increasing life expectancies.
I suspect that people (myself included) might be more willing to answer those questions if you created an anonymous survey.
&gt;Vs. high speed car lanes that serve only as 'car highways'? No kidding. Besides, bikes travel a lot more slowly than cars do, and as such, riders are more likely to notice a store of interest and stop on a whim to check it out, compared to cars that pass by too quickly. &gt;Unlike the current set up where people just hand flowers to each other? Yeah, clearly the current set-up where cars and bikes are supposed to share a lane is better for minimizing conflict... &gt;Oh? Do tell. What's the topography that makes it unsuitable for a bike lane? That the lane is currently occupied by parked cars? lol
If you only pay attention to the issues they have in common, sure. There are plenty of differences if you look beyond oil+gas policy. And even in that realm, they brought in much more comprehensive environmental policies than the PCs or Wild Rose would have (including a carbon tax starting in 2017, which will fund more transit and other projects).
2014-15 was a surplus yes, but IIRC the Conservatives' projected 2015-16 surplus was based on ~$60 oil, which hasn't been anywhere close to reality. I believe the Liberals' estimates upon entering office, based on revised numbers, changed their budget's expected outcome from a potential $1 billion surplus to a $3 deficit, before any of the Liberals' policies come into play.
&gt;The "carbon tax" is a red herring - it's just another tax. Yes it's another tax - one placed upon fuels, based on their carbon emissions, as a price incentive for reducing fuel consumption. It's a good place to start.
In terms of transit, it's true there are two West Coast Express stations in Maple Ridge, but it's only helpful for people if they work in downtown Vancouver, and they can drive or get dropped off at the train station (since Maple Ridge is very spread out and very few people live near the stations). Even then, their commute will be well over an hour in each direction (including waiting for the train, which comes every 30 minutes), and their WCE pass will cost $250 per month (on top of the costs of owning a car, to get to the station). For example, if someone in Maple Ridge works 9-5 in downtown Vancouver, they would need to catch the train around 7:45am, so they need to leave home at more like 7:30am. Coming home, they would catch the 5:30pm train which arrives in Maple Ridge around 6:30pm, so they can be home around 6:45pm (depending where in Maple Ridge they live). That's not the end of the world and it's entirely doable, but it does means long days, so the time required to get to/from downtown (or other major job centres) is a big reason why Maple Ridge is not as expensive as other parts of the region.
Interesting, I can imagine how incredibly frustrating that would be. It would definitely be good to have more scientists and other types of professionals, especially the ministries that involve decision-making on more technical or science-based types of issue.
Why, what's the story with the 129?
Out of curiosity, what are you disappointed with the Liberals about so far?
I swear, the backlash against bike lanes is the most effective free promotional campaign the city could possibly ask for. When there's no backlash to a new bike lane, there's no news coverage and most people don't know about it. But once there's controversy, the newspapers start running articles about it and everybody hears about it, which inevitably leads to increased bike ridership.
What?
From a different article, here's what the city says: &gt;A City of Vancouver spokesperson said in an e-mail that safety was the reason the bike lane was moved. “Prior to these improvements, people parking vehicles along Beatty Street had to open the driver’s door and exit their vehicle directly into a painted bike lane. The changes are to improve safety by reducing the potential for conflicts between people driving and cycling,” the e-mail read. &gt;**The spokesperson said city staff went to all businesses and institutions along Beatty to speak about the proposed changes and to invite them to an open house. If staff did not receive a response, a letter was left explaining the project and providing contact information. Addressed mail was also sent.** &gt;An open house was held in March and most of those in attendance were in favour of the changes along Beatty, the spokesperson said. http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/british-columbia/members-of-bc-regiment-criticizing-citys-bike-lane-alteration/article30243477/
By your logic, consumers don't pay gas taxes when they buy gasoline, since the gasoline distributors are the ones making a tax payment to the government.
Less gun violence, and lower murder rates
Neighbourhood opposition is the reason 36-story towers aren't being built on the Safeway parking lot at Commercial and Broadway right now. That said, I actually understand the backlash in that case, and think 36 story towers was too much. I do hope they'll add some density to the area though.
&gt;They will be built Based on what? That proposed neighbourhood plan got scrapped and the revised one is coming out soon. You really think the plan will be unchanged, after 2 years of consultations, revisions, and the departure of the head planner? &gt; In the mean time towers, and low rises are being built at dozens of sites across the city. Yes, and that's great, this city needs more housing. What's your point?
The most useful option: [The 41st British Columbia general election is tentatively scheduled for May 9, 2017](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/41st_British_Columbia_general_election)
Eby would have been a better leader, but it's too late to make a switch. We'll see how Horgan does in the campaign, and I expect that Eby will become the party leader if the BC NDP loses again. If the BC NDP wins, I still think we'll see Eby become the party leader within the next decade.
&gt; Densification hasn't stopped just because the one project you are paying attention too has opposition. I never said densification has stopped. This whole conversation was about your exaggerated statements: &gt;People always complain about development. It hasn't stopped a single development project from going forward. &gt;Yet no development in Vancouver has ever been stopped due to community opposition Anyway, I don't think this conversation is really going anywhere lol. Cheers.
No kidding. One of them came up to me with a petition during my lunch break. I asked what it was about, and she said "the petition is to have marijuana legalized *our* way. Not Trudeau's way".
&gt;Seattle only makes up 10% of Washington's population I agree with your post overall, but that stat is a bit misleading, since Metro Seattle is almost 50% of Washington's population.
That's a classic move called "starving the beast", used by many right-leaning parties when they gain power. Harper did a similar thing with the 2% GST cut (which cost the government $14 billion in revenues each year), which created a deficit that was used to justify various spending cuts. The Republicans regularly do the same thing, in particular the state governments in Wisconsin and Kansas are currently slashing funding for education and other public services, after making big tax cuts earlier. That said, I'll admit that left-leaning governments sometimes do the opposite, where they increase spending early on, and then later admit that they need to increase taxes to pay for it.
A question for Albertans: if Trudeau and cabinet approved one pipeline and rejected the other, what do you think the general reaction would be in Alberta? Would it worsen views of the Liberals "that bastard rejected a pipeline, he's anti-Alberta just like his father", or improve them "wow, Trudeau is actually going to get a pipeline built!"?
So I take it you're expecting Energy East to get rejected?
I just looked into it, and they're referring to the property transfer tax: http://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/taxes/property-taxes/property-transfer-tax/understand &gt; The tax is charged at a rate of: &gt;1% on the first $200,000, &gt;2% on the portion of the fair market value greater than $200,000 and up to and including $2,000,000, and &gt;3% on the portion of the fair market value greater than $2,000,000.
From what I've seen, all signs indicate that both are issues. However the flow of outside money still seems to be a major factor that sets Vancouver so far apart from other North American cities, as NIMBYism exists in all cities, and prices keep soaring despite the residential building boom that Vancouver is undergoing.
Why? Old people who have made CPP contributions in the past wouldn't have to pay the tax.
But why would this hamper their golden years? You might have missed the part about the (if done right) being deductible for those who made income tax and CPP payments in the past.
Forestry, mining, tech, film, ports, fishing, agriculture, tourism...
Yeah I had no idea about that. Great column.
Polls show that the Kinder Morgan proposal has more opposition than support in BC, so it's not just a Gregor thing. As of March 2016, a poll found that 45% of British Columbians oppose it, 36% support it, and 19% were not sure. In Metro Vancouver, 49% oppose, and opposition in the city of Vancouver is likely to be even higher, so Gregor's stance does represent the majority view of his city's population. http://www.insightswest.com/news/fewer-british-columbians-would-endorse-pipeline-projects/ Personally, I'm mostly opposed as well, but I'm less opposed now that there are Albertan and federal governments that actually care about climate change and are starting to implement policies to help the transition away from fossil fuels (carbon tax and coal-power phase-out in Alberta, sustainable infrastructure and clean tech funding from the feds, etc.). I'd still prefer that Kinder Morgan not be built, but it's not as big of a deal to me anymore.
We have Canada's largest port, the 3rd largest film industry in North America, tech is doing well, tourism is strong (up 16% over last year, which was already a good year), and there's still lots of forestry, even if there's less than 30 years ago.
I think they're lamenting the fact that Quebec has been given more autonomy than the other provinces on the issue of immigration. IMO it makes some sense in theory, but in practice we get issues like this, where immigrant investors can use Quebec as a backdoor to enter Canada and move to BC, even though the rest of Canada abolished the immigrant investor program because of unintended consequences (people in this program by definition are already very wealthy, so they tend to buy up real estate, but usually don't work or pay taxes here).
The federal government abolished the immigrant investor program, once its flaws became apparent (people in this program by definition are already very wealthy, and may not have the language skills required by other immigration streams, so they tend to buy up real estate but usually don't work or pay taxes here). It's not reasonable to specifically exclude Chinese investors or restrict movement, but Quebec's immigrant investor program could be scrapped entirely, and they could return to focusing on the normal immigration streams.
Agreed, except there's no point making it revenue-neutral when there's a deficit, and need taxes to go up.
How so? Using the revenue to cut other taxes (ie. revenue neutrality) doesn't make it any more effective at fighting climate change. In fact, I'd say that spending the carbon tax revenue on public transit and clean energy research (for example) would be more helpful in fighting climate change, rather than using it to cut income taxes. Revenue-neutrality is a good option, but it's not the only good option.
&gt; Fair enough, but being revenue neutral makes it a lot more palatable to the general public and thus also a lot more likely to happen. Yeah that's probably true, and it may make it less politically contentious, by removing the optics of it being a "tax-grab". And it's true that the gas tax is similar, except the carbon tax applies to other types of fossil fuels as well.
There's nothing inconsistent in supporting democracy, while thinking that it can sometimes produce terrible outcomes.
If that's true, then she compared Harper to Chamberlain, not Hitler.
Where is the Crown land in question? The article doesn't offer any specific examples.
Local or provincial politicians can still advocate for federal policies that they want to see, like Notley, Nenshi or Wall advocating in favour of pipelines.
5000%? Do you really think the City of Vancouver has the infrastructure (sewage, water, transit, hospitals, schools) in place to accommodate 30 million people, or even 1 million? Even setting your hyperbole aside, mayor and council are elected roles, so in order to keep their jobs they have to maintain high public support. And the biggest threat to Vision Vancouver in the last election was the argument that they're densifying too fast, and approving too much development. If they just randomly rezoned broad swaths of the city to allow way more density, as you're suggesting, they would all lose their jobs.
Apparently he is now doing that as well: [Vancouver mayor calls on federal and provincial governments to intervene in hot housing market](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/real-estate/vancouver/vancouver-mayor-calls-on-federal-and-provincial-governments-to-intervene-in-hot-housing-market/article30280900/)
Yes, they said that a "home" in Canada costs $393,000 to buy or $4470 a year to rent.
The interim leader isn't allowed to run for permanent leader, because they think it would give an unfair advantage. So by taking this role, she gave up the opportunity to run for permanent party leadership. The Liberal party did the same thing (so Bob Rae wasn't allowed to run for leader in 2013). I'm not sure if NDP has that kind of party policy, but it's a moot point right now, since Mulcair is staying on until they choose someone new.
He won't because his job is an elected position, so he needs to maintain high public support. His party already gets a lot of criticism for approving too much development, and it nearly cost him the last election. Mass rezonings would piss people off and kill his chances at re-election, which is why they go more gradually.
You're right that he's trying to pass the buck, as they all are. But as far as I can tell, the municipal government doesn't really have the necessary power to affect the demand-side of the issue, in the way that provincial or federal governments could.
That's true for most cities, but not Vancouver, and some of the Vancouver suburbs like Burnaby and Surrey. Currently in Vancouver, all elected officials are members of three municipal political parties: Vision Vancouver, the NPA (Non-Partisan Association), or the Green Party. The current mayor Gregor Robertson is in Vision Vancouver, which is basically the centre-left pro-density pro-sustainability party.
Indeed, and by calling on the other levels of government, it at least forces them to respond and justify what they are or aren't doing. &gt;While adding more housing supply is crucial, it is not an affordability solution on its own. With unregulated, speculative global capital flowing into Metro Vancouver’s real estate, we are seeing housing prices completely disconnected from local incomes. &gt;First and foremost, housing needs to be for homes, not just treated as a commodity. &gt;I urge the provincial and federal governments to heed the warnings from the financial sector and implement clear measures to rein in the excesses of Vancouver’s housing market. &gt;The CEO of Scotiabank spoke out in support of a luxury sales tax. The deputy chief economist at CIBC supports a 'flipping' tax as a measure to reduce speculation. I support both these tools and will continue to aggressively advocate for them to the federal and provincial governments as a way to help create a level playing field in the Vancouver housing market.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the only time I recall him saying an argument was racist, was when they did a study counting how many homebuyers on the west side had Chinese last names.
The feds seem to be on pretty good terms with Robertson, so I don't think they'd say that. They'll probably just say they're still studying the issue, and want to figure out what approaches make the most sense. They may also say it's difficult to address the issue with federal legislation, when housing markets in other parts of Canada are in a totally different situation. However the BC government will definitely say it's the city's fault, and call on them to approve more development and charge developers less fees.
Check the Rockport store in Pacific Centre, I find them much comfier than other brands of men's dress shoes.
Municipal election is 2.5 years away, but there's a provincial election in 11 months, so he probably hopes he can pressure them into acting.
I was going to ask the same thing...
That worked quite nicely when there were very few cars on the streets, but that's not the state of things anymore.
For those who didn't read the article, the "kids" inheriting the money are mostly aged 50-75, and a large proportion of the inheritance money will be going to those who are already wealthy, thus exacerbating wealth inequality.
Especially considering that most immigrants to BC are from China, India, and the Philippines.
Probably not until the campaign officially starts in March or April, but it's possible that 3rd party organizations might run ads ahead of time (which happened last time).
That's really cool!
I didn't make any suggestions, just added context from the article, which people won't get if they only read the (slightly misleading) headline.
&gt;But if we're still burning natural gas in 2030, we're pretty much fucked. We will still be burning natural gas, but the point of the proposed policy (which I agreed with), is that at that point we shouldn't continue installing *new* natural gas heating systems past 2030.
May 2017.
May 2017
Gas prices should rise by 5 cents in 2017, and an additional 2 cents in 2018.
Nationwide? Presumably it's the downturn in oil-producing regions. Last I heard they're at an all-time high in Vancouver.
Well he's a member of the provincial opposition, so his role is to demand better government from the provincial government, not the municipal government. And he's probably noticed that Vancouver city council is already pushing for as much density as political realities will allow. If you step outside of the Reddit bubble, the most common criticism people have against Robertson and Vision Vancouver is that they're "doing the bidding of developers" and "building too many condos everywhere".
You've outlined the pros, certainly. Cons: housing affordability crisis, education, consistently top-2 for the highest child poverty rates in Canada, perceptions of shadiness/arrogance, and the premise of her 2013 election campaign didn't really materialize as promised (LNG) -Housing prices are escalating out of control, and many people feel that the province is being sold off to foreigners and investors, while they or their family/friends are pushed out of their communities. Regardless of the unemployment rate, wages aren't that high and people are seriously struggling with the rising costs of living. Due to the housing crisis and high cost of living, there simply isn't the sense of economic prosperity that would normally accompany a relatively low unemployment rate. The BC Liberals' callous attitude towards the housing issue might not be appreciated by the general public. -The "shiny new bridges" all have tolls (which frustrate the people who use them, who would otherwise appreciate them most), and are losing money -Transit has become a weakpoint for the BC Liberals over the past few years, not a strongpoint, especially after they stalled all progress by running the referendum last year. It's possible they might get a boost from the completion of the Evergreen Line though (expected in early 2017, just in time for the election). I'm not quite sure whether that kind of thing tends to boost public opinion -Other weaknesses: education, social services, MSPs and other cost-of-living issues, a general stench of corruption/shadiness (triple-delete, $50,000 stipends, etc.), and the policy of allowing unlimited corporate donations, which has become increasingly indefensible as more and more provinces ban corporate/union donations, and reinforces people's concerns about ethics Both parties have a very real shot at winning, and I think it really depends which issues become the focus of the election. It looks increasingly likely that the housing crisis could become the top election issue, and if that happens, my money is on the NDP to win. I think the BC Liberals will try to get people to forget about housing and direct their attention towards natural resource development, hoping that if it becomes the top issue. If they succeed, the NDP might get caught between the BC Liberals and the BC Greens on polarized issues, and bleed support to one or both of them.
Right, and the 2008 recession is a large part of why their party won the 2009 election. However for the *2017 election*, they'll need to do more than just riding on the reputation of a different premier in a different decade.
There's also a lot of homeowners who aren't happy with the escalating housing prices that are hollowing out their communities, pushing out the small businesses they frequent, and pushing some of their friends and family out of the region (or into financial hardship), increasing homelessness, etc. Escalating housing prices also make it more difficult for homeowners who want to upgrade to a more expensive home, since the price gap becomes larger. The rapidly escalating prices only really benefits those who intend to downsize, or move out of the region. According to a public opinion poll from [Angus Reid](http://angusreid.org/vancouver-real-estate/) taken last year (even prior to the 30% jump in prices): &gt;Eight-in-ten (79%) say high housing costs are hurting Metro Vancouver; just nine per cent say they’re beneficial. &gt;Two-thirds (64%) believe “foreigners investing in this real estate market” is a main cause of high housing prices here, 20-percentage points more than any other response (see detailed tables at the end of this release). &gt;Seven-in-ten (70%) say government should be more involved in the housing market, and two-thirds (65%) say its goal in doing so should be to help first-time buyers, rather than to protect values for current owners. Also: &gt;69 per cent support “a ‘speculation tax’ to reduce house ‘flipping’” &gt;72 per cent would support limiting the number and types of properties that can be purchased by buyers from outside Canada &gt;79 per cent support collecting data on who property buyers are and where they are from &gt;79 per cent support imposing an extra property transfer tax on buyers from outside of Canada &gt;82 per cent support imposing a “vacancy tax” on investor-owned properties that aren’t occupied
In addition to the polling data above, today's letters to the editor in the Vancouver Sun offer a little window into how the issue is perceived: http://vancouversun.com/opinion/letters/june-8-housing-affordability &gt;Ministers Rich Coleman and Peter Fassbender sat rapt with attention as real estate promoter Bob Rennie advised them on how to manage the housing and planning of the Metro Vancouver region. How reassuring. Rennie will reap hundreds of millions more if they follow his plans. &gt;Rennie and civic and provincial politicians keep repeating the density mantra. Well, we keep increasing density, but prices keep skyrocketing because much of the new stock and single-family homes are bought by offshore investors using our housing as a piggy bank. Many developments never hit the MLS here locally — they are sold in Asia before anyone here even knew about them. We have lots of so-called density that sits empty most of the time. It is an illusion. &gt;Premier Christy Clark takes a trip to Asia with real estate firms. B.C. Liberal ministers attend Rennie’s speech. It shows how out of touch the B.C Liberals are. They don’t seem to realize their job is to represent the working, taxpaying people who live here. &gt;Elected representatives at all levels should be ashamed of how they have let this housing situation become a complete disaster. &gt;M. Cheney, Ladner and &gt;Shame on Bob Rennie and all those who tell us we can’t collect data on foreign ownership or levy a foreign ownership tax. A foreign ownership tax would affect all foreign buyers equally, be they British, Russian, Chinese or American. Canadians would gain a sense of satisfaction that foreigner buyers are contributing to our social programs — the tax could be directed toward subsidized housing. Failure to address the foreign buyer effect because the real estate industry doesn’t want to risk putting a damper on The Best Party Ever — this is what is creating resentment and racism. &gt;Virginia Gray, Vancouver and &gt;If all levels of government are unwilling to challenge market-based housing costs (that continually increase because of foreign and bank-loaned monies), then at least tax housing heavily so that general transportation, health and other living costs for all residents can be reduced. &gt;If the federal government does have the political will to directly counter rising housing prices, then, like other countries, it must buy up a substantial portion of residential land that will forever be removed from sale at whatever charges the market will bear. &gt;Larry Kazdan, Vancouver and &gt;It seems almost every week brings disturbing news about the cozy relationship between Christy Clark &amp; Co. and real estate developers. Last week was no exception. It was revealed that over the last 10 years the industry has pumped an average of around $2 million a year into the re-election coffers of the B.C. Liberal party. &gt;Not unexpectedly, Liberal politicians are quick to deny that corporate donations buy influence, but it’s asking a bit much to expect the public to accept such assurances when the chief fundraiser for the B.C. Liberals is real estate marketing mogul Bob Rennie. More so because this is the guy who thinks the Vancouver housing crisis is the natural order of things and, in a speech last week, more or less suggested those working in Vancouver without the means to reside there should move to the suburbs. What it boiled down to was a sort of “Let them commute!” solution for those starved for affordable housing. If nothing else, it does provide a good idea of Rennie’s vision for Vancouver. One big rental unit for the economic elite. Surrounded by a wall, maybe? &gt;Bill Brassington Sr., Burnaby
I haven't been on it in a while, but if I recall, the 97 B-Line can take as long as 40-45 minutes at busy times. Compare that to the Evergreen Line, which will cover the same distance in 15 minutes, *and* won't require a transfer to the Skytrain at Lougheed, *and* will come more frequently. That makes it *far* more appealing than the current bus route, and will attract a lot of new transit riders. Keep in mind that right now, the Tri-Cities have one of the highest rates of car-usage in the entire region. But with 6 new Skytrain stops in their community, many people who currently drive everywhere will see the Skytrain as an efficient option, and will start using transit a lot more. There's a lot of people living near some of the stops, plus people who were previously 2 bus connections away from the Skytrain will only be 1 bus away, and other people will choose to drive to the Skytrain station to park-and-ride, whereas previously they would have driven the whole way. Ultimately, we'll have to wait and see how the ridership numbers turn out, but I suspect the line will be a major success and an example where "if you build it, they will come".
Agreed, and there will also be some people using the WCE in tandem with the Evergreen Line (eg. taking WCE from Maple Ridge to Coquitlam, and then taking Skytrain to Burnaby/New West/Vancouver).
&gt;the Cambie median has a heritage designation Really eh? TIL.
Gotcha, just thought you might be referring to something transit-specific.
Agreed, both areas are in serious need of more rapid transit.
Presumably people lost interest in the topic, or found other topics worth paying attention to instead.
Iran is actually somewhere I'd be interested in traveling to, if the Middle East were a little more stable. The other 4 countries you mentioned, not so much.
Good to see!
Completely agreed.
&gt;I love how you use "post-war" and "suburban" as borderline swearwords. I didn't read it that way, to me it's just explaining the time and context when this became the social norm.
Personally I think this is a good thing. The areas around Skytrain stations are ideal locations for higher density, since putting more housing nearby means more people will have access to efficient transit.
Yeah, I hope at some point they'll rezone to allow more housing near those stations as well.
That's really cool! Amazing to see some regions where over 60% of people are vegetarian...
&gt;I find it interesting that most people arguing against a referendum are basically arguing against democracy. Not at all. Voting for a representative is very different from voting on a specific topic. Most people are interested and knowledgeable about *some* topics, but very few people are interested and knowledgeable about *every* topic. When voting for political parties and representatives, people can use the issues that they know and care most about to decide which party best matches their views and values. So for example, if I know lots about economic and environmental policy, but only have a shallow understanding of foreign policy, it's okay because I can judge the parties based on their economic and environmental policies, which are issues that I do understand. However with a referendum, we're relying on *everyone* to be knowledgeable, interested, and informed about the same topic. If it's a topic with any complexity (like electoral reform), then that won't necessarily work very well, because let's be honest: most people are not going to approach the topic with an open mind and spend 3+ hours independently researching it, and weighing the tradeoffs and potential implications. Most will hear about it on the news a few times, hear an argument that they like, and vote accordingly. This also makes it very easy for many people to be convinced by misleading information, because they're not experts on the topic, and most people don't have the time or interest to develop a very thorough understanding of the topic before voting.
Cool! On the surface at least, he seems like a really great guy. In his role as President of the University of Cincinatti, he rejected a $200,000 bonus, instead choosing to have it donated to fund scholarships, student housing, and other educational programs. http://www.wcpo.com/news/education/university-of-cincinnati-president-santa-ono-turns-down-a-bonus-for-third-year-in-a-row
I found this concerning... &gt;Both Nowitsky and Greene take issue with the provincial government’s requirement that school districts be 95-per-cent full before new schools are built or seismic upgrades completed. &gt;“Ninety-five per cent is arbitrary and unreasonable,” Greene said. “There is a moral issue with a government who holds kids in classrooms that are unsafe in order to get their policies passed.” &gt;**But the B.C. government says the 95-per-cent capacity target needed to get seismic upgrades only applies to Vancouver.** &gt;“There are no space utilization requirements for seismic upgrades,” education ministry spokesman Jason Keenan said in a statement. “The 95-per-cent threshold is for large urban districts only, is a district-wide target, and applies only when looking for new schools or major capital upgrades. It is not a seismic target.” &gt;**Nonetheless, Richmond, a city known to be at risk in an earthquake, has not had a school approved for seismic upgrading by the province since 2011. That’s despite the initial promise by the province to upgrade all schools by 2020, a deadline that was pushed back to 2030 a year ago.** &gt;**Twenty-four of Richmond’s 48 schools are considered at high risk of damage in an earthquake.** A) I get why the province wants to close some under-utilized schools, but there must be another way to encourage school boards to do so. Seismic upgrades in schools are a serious public safety issue, so playing political games with them seems really cold and unacceptable to me. B) Why would the provincial government make a rule like that, but only apply it to the City of Vancouver? Do they have any legitimate justification, or is this just a petty way of getting back at Vancouverites for not re-electing Christy Clark in 2013, or...?
So basically he finds it "insulting" that someone isn't using his preferred choice of words ("radical Islamic terrorism"). To me that seems like its his own form of political correctness.
Agreed, and to me that seems very similar to political correctness, which some people complain is a way of telling them how to talk and what to say.
You're right that it's the opposite, but it's almost equivalent in some ways. It's similar in that Trump is telling people what phrases to use, on the basis that he feels insulted if they don't. The difference is that his reasoning for what he personally finds "insulting" is the exact opposite of more typical political correctness. So in this case, Trump feels insulted that Obama used the phrase "act of terror", instead of using his preferred phrase "radical Islamic terrorism".
That has occurred in *spite* of Obama, thanks to the election of Republican Congressmen, who restrained Obama from destroying the country. /s
I know someone who went to Fraser Academy after having difficulties in public school, and it was very helpful to them. However, they only got that opportunity because their parents were quite well-off. I'm sure there have been many other students who would have benefitted from going somewhere like Fraser Academy, but who didn't get that same opportunity because they weren't born into a family with enough money to afford tuition. That's the problem with counting on the private school system to fill in the gaps of the public system... So to me, that suggests that the focus should be on improving the public education system. The goal should be to have a public education system that can meet the needs of all students, instead of expecting students who need extra help to have their families shell out $10,000+ per year, and saying tough luck to the ones whose families can't afford that. For what it's worth, I have nothing against parents who put their kids in private school. Everyone wants the best for their kids. I just think that instead of hoping that students who aren't well-served in the public system will enrol in private school, we should improve the public schools to meet their needs, so that fewer parents feel that private school is necessary in the first place.
True, but to me that's justification for why the public system should be improved. I'm not thrilled about the idea of a two-tier system, where if a kid is in a rich family and struggles in the public system then they can go to private school, but if a kid is in a poor family and struggles in the public system, then they're out of luck. We should strive to have a public system that can meet the needs of almost any student, so that all students can have a decent shot at success, regardless of their family's bank account.
I have no problem with someone making the personal decision to put their kids in private school. But to me, the fact that many parents (including yourself) feel their kids are poorly served by the public school system is proof that the public system needs to be improved, and perhaps better funded, in order to offer the quality of education that parents are seeking. In the long run, a two-tier system where the public system fails to meet some students' needs will be a major barrier to equality of opportunity. IMO all students should have the opportunity to get a decent grade school education, even if their parents can't afford to send them to private school.
&gt; Don't agree. Provincially, we spend astronomical amounts of money on K-12 education. Lack of money is not the issue, IMO. It may not be *the* issue, but it's certainly part of the issue, and can be part of the solution. If money weren't helpful in providing a better education, then the prestigious private schools wouldn't charge such high tuition, and spend more per student than public schools. More funding means smaller class sizes, more extra learning assistance, better quality facilities, better books and supplies, etc.
The vast majority of gun owners don't, but if someone wants to do harm, it's a lot easier when they have easy access to a gun.
Hopefully in a few years both parties will acknowledge climate change as a major threat, and simply differ on what types of policies they prefer to address it.
&gt;Is it a surprise that six out of 16 of these people support the party that won the largest share of votes in the last election? Most people that support a political party don't also donate money to them, and *very few* people donate $158,000 to a political party. That doesn't mean political donors should be disqualified from winning awards like this, but there should be some scrutiny when a pattern arises. That said, the one who donated $385 doesn't seem like a big deal to me.
And why is that a problem? Even if the developer didn't have to provide any CACs (community amenity contributions), they wouldn't charge a cent less than the prices people are willing to pay, which are sky-high at the moment. It makes complete sense to require the developer to provide some benefits for the local communities that are affected by their new developments.
The simple answer is to elect more Democrats and less Republicans to Congress. People sometimes act like the parties are the same, but they really aren't. On this bill: 239 Republicans voted in favour, and 1 voted against it. 1 Democrat voted in favour, and 181 voted against it. http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2016/roll303.xml
&gt;Published Tuesday, Jan. 15, 2008 12:00AM EST Funny to see how that turned out, 8 years later.
Sure, but the project is still a ways off from *starting* construction, never mind being completed. And once it starts, the construction will take many years, so it's now impossible for that original 2020 target to be met. For example, the Evergreen Line started construction in 2012, and will be completed in 2017. The Canada Line started construction in 2005, and was completed in 2009. For the Broadway Line, they haven't even secured funding to build it, or done detailed design work yet, never mind actually starting construction. And once they do start the project, stage 1 will only be to Arbutus, with a stage 2 to UBC some time even further into the future. Long story short, the delays and lack of funding commitments for this project have made impossible to be completed on that originally planned timeline. When 2020 rolls around we won't have a Broadway Line to Arbutus, never mind all the way to UBC. I hope it'll have at least started construction by then, but that's not even a guarantee.
Nope, that hasn't happened yet. I'm guessing the plan was for it to run along Fraser Highway, which might still happen, just not on that proposed timeline (due to the promised funding not coming through). A future line is supposed to go there, and according to a recent article Translink is preparing business cases for both Skytrain extension or LRT (light rail that runs at street-level), so both are possibilities.
I don't think a lack of profits is the main thing holding back developers,especially given that the CACs are, by definition, lower than the additional value being given to the developers through rezoning. Major constraints are zoning, land availability, development approval processes, etc. As it happens, CACs actually help to address constraints imposed by low zoning, by giving communities an incentive to tolerate or support rezonings.
I'm guessing someone spread the word to their network to show up at a certain place and time, and their network is mostly of Asian descent. Maybe they're Canadian-born, maybe they're immigrants, maybe they're foreigners just here to buy real estate, or maybe it's a mix. I don't know, but I do know that we can't tell their place of birth or citizenship from the photo. People can speculate, but shouldn't make assumptions. For what it's worth, I am concerned about foreign influence in the real estate market, but it's also important to keep in mind that there are lots of Asian-Canadians who have just as much right to buy real estate as any other Canadian.
This may be a tangent from the contents of the bill, but I think people should be forced to make a choice of "yes" or "no" on whether they wish to become an organ donor, when they renew their driver's license. That has been proven in other jurisdictions to significantly boost organ donor registration rates, compared to the status quo where people are non-donors by default, unless they actively choose to opt in. I'd also prefer an "opt-out" system, where people are donors by default unless they actively choose to opt out, but that might be more controversial.
&gt;You are there to benefit your constituents, not yourself. That's an odd comment to make in this context, when a 4-day week in the house allows them to spend more time in their riding, focusing on local issues or meeting with their constituents. I personally know a provincial MLA in BC, and their schedule is to leave to go to Victoria each Sunday afternoon, return to their riding by Thursday night, spend Friday at their local constituency office meeting with people, and then spend Saturday and part of Sunday attending local events or meetings in the community. If they spent Fridays in the legislature, it would mean significantly less time helping or discussing local issues with constituents. I expect the issue would be magnified for federal MPs, who have to fly across the country to/from Ottawa to get to the House. If you want them to sit in the House for 5 days a week, then you're requiring them to be in Ottawa by Sunday evening and not get back until late Friday evening, and thus they won't be as engaged in their local community, and not able to do as much work in their local riding, helping or meeting with constituents.
Foreign *business* investment is a good thing. I'm not at all convinced that foreign housing investment is beneficial to the local populations, especially given that housing is a basic necessity that everyone requires.
Only the Canadians who are barely able to afford to buy at all. If the market is going to become more affordable, then it's *good* to have those marginal buyers not buying houses, because they're the ones who would end up going underwater when their house's value drops.
The steady decline from 67% to 65% over the past decade may reflect our aging population, and the increasing proportion of Canadians who are in retirement.
&lt;3
I hear you, but adding lots of exemptions to a tax can make it more complicated to administer and can have a lot of unintended consequences. IMO it's usually better policy to make a tax broad, and then use the revenue to subsidize or compensate those who deserve it (such as those planting trees, for example), instead of trying to load the tax full of exemptions.
Yeah that level of frequency would be totally fine, except that the trains are over-crowded (at least at rush hour), so this will help with that.
You're including students and seniors in that number. That number is rising because the population is aging, so there are more retired people.
&gt;It's really a sign of the times. People in power ignoring science and fact to push some agenda to stay in power. Who specifically are you referring to?
I think most people don't ever think about how much behind-the-scenes work occurs within the public service, before laws are changed or new policies are announced. They assume that if they aren't hearing about an issue in the media, then nobody in government is working on it. The Liberals have said they'll bring forward legislation to legalize marijuana next spring, so you can guarantee there are teams of people, civil servants as well as politicians, who are currently working on the issue doing research and preparation for that.
Maybe it's under capacity mid-day, but at rush hour it's always jam-packed.
I really don't think he was trying to prove a point. He probably just didn't expect that 3 cars would turn left on a red, so he started crossing when the "walk" signal came on.
&gt; And they spent over $5 million prosecuting it. So in retrospect, they spent more than the total damages. If that's the cost of deterring future riots, then so be it. Our justice system has an important role in making our society functional, even if it's expensive.
Just Denman street in the West End (for the Car Free Day street party, as mentioned by other commenters), so you can still drive in other parts of downtown Vancouver.
&gt;Well, it is a benefit to the government that collects property tax and keeps construction people employed. Escalating housing prices don't actually boost the local government's property tax revenue, since they use a mill rate, which means that as the property market rises, the % rate drops. So for example, [Vancouver's property tax rate](http://vancouver.ca/home-property-development/residential.aspx) dropped from 0.35% in 2015 to 0.31% in 2016, due to the 20-30% increase in housing prices. You're right that it boosts the construction industry though.
That's why I would prefer to see the BC provincial government act on this issue. Policies implemented by the federal government will apply to other provinces as well, which are in very different situations than BC.
For those who won't open the link, it's on Denman Street today, and tomorrow it's on Main Street and Commercial Drive, from about 12:00-8:00.
Be warned that drivers consistently run through yellow lights here (or even new reds). So if you're in a car waiting to turn left, and the traffic light turns yellow, don't proceed with your turn until you're sure that cars coming in the opposite direction are actually slowing down, because sometimes they'll accelerate to make it through the light. Conversely, it's common for 2 cars to quickly turn left when the light turns yellow, so be aware of that. On transit, don't sit in the handicap designated spots near the entrance. If you're standing, move towards the back of the bus, away from the entrance, to make room for other people. Also, it's common for people to yell "thank you" to the bus driver as they get off, so feel free to do that; nobody will find it strange. The bike lanes are pretty straight forward to use, and [here's a map](http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/map-cycling-vancouver.pdf) of the recommended bike routes. Some cyclists run through stop signs, but that's frowned upon and not safe, so don't follow their lead. Make sure to get a good U-shaped bike lock, because there's a lot of bike theft. Don't use a cable lock. Hastings street between Main and Carrall (part of the Downtown Eastside or DTES) is pretty sketchy, and the sidewalks are lined with homeless people. It's not necessarily that dangerous, but it's something to be aware of.
&gt;Edit to add: glad to see childcare in the concept drawings! I hope more than one of those makes it through to reality. Yeah that's a good thing to include. It's also interesting to see a hotel in the plan, which I'm guessing is meant for people staying in town to visit friends or family in the hospital?
Heh, I'm sure some people will but I expect the vast majority would walk, bike, or transit to get there. Main and Commercial are two of the most transit and bike accessible locations in the city, other than downtown. There's at least 6 bus routes people could take to get directly to the Main Street one (the 99, 9, 3, 19, 8, or 25), plus the Canada Line is only a 10 minute walk away. The Commercial Drive one is at the intersection of 2 Skytrain lines, plus there's numerous bus routes people could use to get there (the 20, 99, 9, and all the buses that run along Hastings).
Much more funding for public transit improvements, more education funding, taxes or restrictions targeted to discourage foreign housing ownership, and a higher carbon tax. Federally I generally vote Liberal. Provincially I have supported the BC Liberals and the BC NDP at different times, but right now I would definitely vote NDP.
For comparison's sake, in 2006 only 19% of Vancouver houses were worth over $1 million. Then in 2010, 40% were worth over $1 million. Now, 91% are worth more than $1 million. http://vancouversun.com/business/real-estate/graphic-vancouvers-million-dollar-map
They're assessed at those values, because the properties for sale are selling at that price.
[This map](http://vancouversun.com/business/real-estate/graphic-vancouvers-million-dollar-map) can guide you. Apparently they're mostly near the PNE, in Joyce-Collingwood area, or along the Knight street truck route.
That's super interesting, thanks!
&gt;Thanks for the information. I know Quebec is probably more distinct from other provinces than any American state is from the country at large because of the language difference but **in my view it should take some kind of larger majority to leave than 50% +1 but I can't say I've ever given the idea much thought.** As a Canadian I agree, and actually the government passed the "Clarity Act" after that referendum, which I believe says there should be a higher threshold for a vote to leave, and also sets rules around the clarity of the ballot question. Perhaps another Canadian here can elaborate further.
Poor immigrants who will get jobs and work hard to build a better life, vs rich immigrants who will have no need to work or pay income taxes here, and just living off wealth earned abroad, while outcompeting locals for the limited housing stock. Personally I'd prefer more of the first group.
Correct, except that Quebec still has such a program (the QIIP), since they have more independence in terms of immigration policy, and most of the people accepted through their program eventually move to BC.
&gt; huge majority support it. Source? Because 49% say they are personally hurt by it, 63% say it is hurting their community, and 79% say it is hurting the Metro Vancouver region. http://angusreid.org/vancouver-real-estate/
I recall that in 2012, it was calculated that to win the House, the Democrats need to win the popular vote by about 7%. So it's an uphill battle, but if Trump drags down the Republican brand I think it's very possible.
It may seem surprising, but that's actually a very reasonable sample size. How do you know the sample was not representative? Do you have reason to think that Angus Reid, a well-regarded public opinion research organization, has a flawed methodology?
Yeah I signed up for the $129 option, which allows for unlimited 1-hour trips for 1 year. I think it'll be useful, especially if I'm going to a beach/park/event after work, and just want to hop on a bike to get there. Or if with a friend and I have my bike but they don't, then they could use bikeshare so we can bike together, instead of splitting up or me leaving my bike behind. Or if I took transit to work but feel like biking home... lots of options for me, since I live and work within the allowed area. Has anyone seen any bike-share stations installed anywhere? I thought it was supposed to be up-and-running by the end of this month, but that timeline might have been too ambitious...
Some homeowners have no intention of moving out of the region, so increasing property values have little to no benefit to them, while it has a negative impact on their friends/family, and some of the businesses they like start shutting down, etc.
I've heard that's not allowed. Have you ever seen a block like that, and if so, where?
That's definitely allowed. I had heard that there's limits on liquor stores being located too close to each other, and that the marijuana rules are similar to that, but I don't remember where I heard that so I can't say for sure if it's true. Someone raised an example that seems to contradict that idea.
According to the link, the following schools are on the preliminary list: Queen Elizabeth Annex Champlain Heights Annex Tecumseh Annex McBride Annex A.R. Lord Elementary Seymour Elementary Bruce Elementary Carleton Elementary Queen Alexandra Elementary Trudeau Elementary Britannia Secondary Gladstone Secondary &gt;None of the schools on the list, as of yet, are guaranteed to close. &gt;The move kicks off a 60 day notification period for the affected schools. &gt;The Superintendent of Schools will now return to the VSB in September with with an Administrative Report, providing a detailed analysis on each of the schools identified along with the impacts of closing them. &gt;If the board decides to move forward on any closures, it will begin a two month consultation period with affected communities. &gt;A vote on closures would take place in December, with the first schools shutting down in September 2017. This other article shows a map of the schools to be closed (and where the next closest schools are): http://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/vancouver-school-board-names-12-schools-to-be-considered-for-closure-next-year
I think it makes sense to do some closures, but I do hope they won't sell off the properties, particularly in neighbourhoods that are densifying over time and will likely have more students again in the future. Interestingly, basically all of the school closures are on the east side of Vancouver, which is where most of the new density is being added. It's also interesting that about 25 schools in Vancouver are actually *over* capacity right now, mostly on the west side of Vancouver, partly because of parents wanting to enrol their kids in wealthier schools on the west side instead of schools on the east side. [This](http://www.vancouversun.com/news/education/interactive+more+than+empty+seats+vancouver+schools/11122361/story.html) map shows which schools are over/under capacity.
Maybe, but I'm not sure that's necessarily the main reason. There are also under-capacity schools in cheaper rural communities as well, but the difference is that the province has stepped in with extra funding to keep them open. [June 15th - New B.C. rural education fund announced to keep rural schools from closing](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/bc-education-funding-rural-schools-1.3637813)
True, but that doesn't necessarily tell us cause-and-effect. There are confounding factors like incumbency: incumbents tend to raise more money, and incumbents are also more likely to win.
&gt; Edit: this article hits the nail on the head as to why countries like USA and China don't want a carbon cap and trade policy. About that... [September 2015: China's Xi Jinping Announces Cap-and-Trade Carbon Program to Begin in 2017](http://www.forbes.com/sites/mclifford/2015/09/30/chinas-xi-jinping-announces-cap-and-trade-carbon-program-will-it-work/#4567ca961b56)
You think citizenship ceremonies for refugees who arrived 5 years ago would cost billions?
Well there's definitely significant costs when they first arrive and are settling in, but this article is about the ones who arrived years ago, and are now becoming citizens.
Nah, Gregor is left-leaning, and his base tends to be younger people (say 45 and under), environmentalists, and urbanists (people who want more public spaces, parks, bike lanes, etc. and less focus on car infrastructure). However he also has strong support from the development industry, because he's very pro housing development and pro-density. So he's pro housing development, but otherwise not super pro-business in general. The development industry also strongly supports the BC Liberals, but for different reasons: because they're very pro-business, low taxes/regulations, and won't do anything to limit inflows of foreign investment. So Gregor and the BC Liberals actually don't get along particularly well, but the development industry supports them both, for different reasons.
New refugees don't become citizens when they arrive. The ones who recently became citizens are the ones that arrived many years ago.
I'm saying that this year's refugee intake numbers are unrelated to the article that was posted, so it seems like you're trying to derail the topic to push an agenda, instead of discussing the article.
Your politician probably won't personally read your email, but their staff will. And if they receive a lot of emails or letters expressing concern or complaining about a certain issue, they'll let the politician know about it. Despite everyone's cynicism, politicians generally have to pay attention to the issues that people care about, and when they fail to do so, they're much less likely to get re-elected.
I've written emails to politicians only a couple times, but as I understand, it's really just a numbers game. If they receive a lot of emails expressing concern about a topic, the politician's staff will make that a note that they've received lots of letters about it, and they'll let the politician know that lots of people seem to care about that topic. So you don't have to write anything magnificent, just a simple email saying something like: &gt;Hi, I'm a resident of X, and I'm writing to you because I'm very concerned about X. It's a very important issue to me and it's having X negative impact on me/my community, so I want to see the government do something about it / do X about it. &gt;Thanks, XYZ Or if they're doing something you disagree with, then just be more specific about that: &gt;Hi, I'm a resident of X, and I think it's a bad idea to do X, because it will have X negative impact. I hope you'll reconsider. Or if you want to show appreciation for something you agree with, and make sure they follow through: &gt;Hi, I'm a resident of X, and I support your decision to do X, because of X. I look forward to seeing it completed.
5-6 million, but point taken.
Interesting, this is actually pretty big news. It might compel a response from the provincial government, at least to defend the lack of action, and the article indicates that the issue could now come under discussion when the Union of B.C. Municipalities and the Federation of Canadian Municipalities each meet, later this year. One way or another, it guarantees that housing issues will remain in the news and continue getting more attention. That's probably the last thing Clark and the BC Liberals want, in the lead-up to the election, since this issue is probably their biggest weakness.
Apparently they've created an organization to protest these tree removals, sidewalk widenings, etc: [Concerned Kitsilano Residents](http://kitsresidents.com/)
17% of people in Metro Vancouver are Chinese-Canadians, FWIW.
It does depend where you are, as well, because that's the whole region. Richmond and Vancouver have much higher numbers of Chinese-Canadians (~30-35% in Vancouver and 50% in Richmond), but the suburbs to the east have much lower numbers. Places like Maple Ridge and Langley are about 80% white.
&gt; Education funding has increased more than $1-billion since 2001, despite a precipitous fall in enrolment numbers. The total operating grant for Vancouver has risen 23 per cent over that period, to $439-million from $365-million. Not a bad editorial, but the figures I've quoted are very misleading, since they don't take into account inflation. Prices have inflated by 31% since 2001, so a 23% increase in funding over 15 years actually means there's now less funding than there was in 2001. (Source: [Bank of Canada inflation calculator](http://www.bankofcanada.ca/rates/related/inflation-calculator/)) Maybe the funding decrease is justified, due to declining student populations, but Gary Mason doesn't try to convince us of that, by providing per-student funding numbers. Instead he's either hoping that we'll accept his misleading numbers at face value, or he's simply forgotten about the concept of inflation.
Sure, so in that case, funding per student is about the same per student as before. I'd have no problem if he made that claim, and explained why.
&gt;premier's husband taking $150k per year for something that a BCIT first year in IT could do in two hours? (edit: LNG job opportunities website) That's not the premier's husband (she doesn't have one). That's Gordon Wilson, the husband of the woman who wrote Christy Clark's new biography.
Haha, that would be hilarious if you held a counter rally (it might make it into the news coverage too). If you do, you should send a message to a bicycle organization like HUB, and maybe they'll help get some of their members to turn up for it. Another easy thing to do is to send a quick email to council (mayorandcouncil@vancouver.ca), simply saying that you support the planned improvements to the street. Someone will probably make a note about how many people wrote in expressing support or opposition to the changes, and the more support they hear about, the less likely the city would be to back down.
&gt;Up until the point where we will see 40-50 story condos all along broadway we will not see a broadway line. That's not how this region has ever operated. Remind me again: which Skytrain line was had 40-50 story towers all along it *before* being announced? The answer is none of them. The Canada Line didn't have much density before being announced (but the Cambie corridor has been transformed over the past decade), the Millennium had very little (and is still a work in progress), the Evergreen Line had some, but has added more since the line was announced, and I don't know for sure how dense the neighbourhoods around the Expo Line were before it was built, but certainly a lot of the density around its stations (Metrotown, Joyce Collingwood, etc.) came after it was built. The most effective approach is to build the transit and the density in tandem, rather than your idea of overloading the neighbourhood with people long before providing any decent rapid transit.
Yep. When a cargo ship leaves Vancouver with a thousand containers, chances are that at least half those containers are full of lumber.
&gt;Ah so if I understand correct, many mining companies will have corporate HQ in downtown? Exactly. People don't always think about it (especially before they enter the working world), but any industry involves a lot of corporate office jobs, which usually occur in city's downtown cores. So lots of mining (and forestry) companies have HQs in Vancouver, many oil and gas companies have HQs in Calgary, etc.
&gt; I love how everyone was so against retirement age being set at 67 but are okay with losing more of their money every year to this. Personally I supported both changes (higher OAS age, increased CPP contributions and retirement benefits).
No problem, I did the same.
The mayor isn't like the CEO though, the city manager is (at least in most cities).
...with representatives from the federal government, BC and Ontario provincial governments, and city governments of Vancouver and Toronto. That's not a bad thing at all. It's a good idea to focus in on what's happening in these two cities, considering their housing situations are completely different than anywhere else in the country.
When there's a 0.5% vacancy, like in Vancouver, and people desperately need a place to live? No, he's really not doing people a favour, even if it means they get to avoid a racist landlord.
Of course it won't happen, but if it did, it would hurt Canada much more than it hurts the US. About 20% of the United States' trade is with Canada, but about 65% of Canada's trade is with the US...
It's now at 194,000 views and counting.
You know that only ~4-5% of the people in Germany are Muslim, right?
Britain's economy largely revolves around London being the financial capital of the EU, but Britain will no longer be part of the EU. This also disrupts all of the trade connections between Britain and countries in the EU, which may have massive economic consequences. It's super complex though, and nobody can know exactly how it'll all play out. Which is why it was so dumb and irresponsible to put it to a public referendum...
What a weird, weird party. A religiously-inspired island-separatist party promising free ferries, free university, and an island transit system, led by a 75-year-old right-winger, who was briefly in parliament 37 years ago.
Nice! One of the first three? Where are the other two so far?
&gt;I know nothing about European politics, and I'm willing to bet there's other ignorant morons like myself wishing someone would put this all into stupid people words. Probably 95%+ of us North Americans are in that situation... I only know so much, but I've been reading a bunch the last few days, and I've found a few helpful resources: Here are some things to help get you up to speed: [4 minute Youtube Video - Brexit 101: The U.K.'s EU Referendum Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JirBvgI8JXA) http://www.openculture.com/2016/06/brexit-101-the-uks-stunning-vote-explained-in-4-minutes.html https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2016/06/22/brexit-explained-in-13-simple-points.html
Representative Democracy works well overall. People put themselves forward as candidates, and we pick the ones whose ideas best match our values and priorities, and then they devote their time to governing. On the other hand, Direct Democracy generally doesn't work so well, except for simple issues where most people can be well-informed enough to understand the complexities. This was not one of those issues, unfortunately, and it was irresponsible to put it to a public vote. Most people don't have the time, energy, or interest to become experts on understanding the intricacies of the global economy and political systems, in order to make a decision like this.
How come? Are you suggesting that democracy can't lead to disastrously bad decisions? Or that if a majority believes something, it can't be that bad of an idea?
They said that in spring 2017 they'll introduce a bill to legalize marijuana, FWIW.
This is like if someone is married with kids and a mortgage and then files for a divorce, while their friend says "why are you so stressed about the change. It's no big deal, I've been unmarried my whole life!" There's nothing inherently wrong with being single to begin with, but once you have forged those ties and built your life (economy) with that relationship in mind, breaking those ties can really complicate things and stir up some shit. And now Britain is realizing that they might even lose custody of the kids (Scotland and Northern Ireland), who wanted their parents to stay together.
&gt;I personally believe that all cyclists, that ride on the road, should be required to take a riding test to obtain their riding license and also be required to have both licence plates and insurance. Does that include kids or other people riding on neighbourhood streets, or is there going to be a list of which streets require licenses and which ones don't?
Yep, they voted 95% in favour of staying, which makes complete sense for them.
But one man is responsible for putting this issue to a vote in the first place. That was unnecessary and irresponsible.
Nah, check the polls. Trudeau's government has more approval than disapproval in every province, even Alberta (although that's by a slim margin). Here in BC, the furthest *west* province, his government has 58% approval and only 21% disapproval so far. Country-wide, it's 56% approval and 24% disapproval. http://abacusdata.ca/government-approval-hits-new-high-of-56-as-house-rises/
What about adults? Where should they bike?
There's a 0.5% vacancy rate in this city, so if their tenants happened to leave as a result of this new building, they'll have no problem finding more.
Those numbers include condos, right? And anyway, do you think a lot of young homeowners go to open houses to protest against new rental buildings?
What kind of opportunity for the left? The next federal election is still 4 years away...
I didn't mean to sound snarky, I'm genuinely wondering what they might be able to do with this situation. What kind of opportunities do they now have?
&gt;It's hard to actually break some eggs to make a policy that will work. Any suggestions?
The start of your post is pretty reasonable, but you've lost me by the end. &gt;...You want to eradicate a way of life to make room for your preferred brand of convenient consumer hedonism. &gt; Apparently they do need to fight against the density crowd if your ultimate goal is to ensure your, and only your, preferred lifestyle can exist in a city. Are you suggesting that their "preferred lifestyle" or "way of life" would be eradicated by the presence of more renters in their neighbourhood (which is what Kyle is pushing for)? Care to elaborate?
Mostly for our health care and education systems.
Okay, I still don't quite get your point. You're suggesting that they need to fight against density, because otherwise the city may be at risk of having "every house replaced with a condo" or something close to that, which then eradicates their option to live in a house? That doesn't seem even remotely plausible to me. About 75% of our city is covered with houses.
http://www.letsgobiking.net/
So are you suggesting that the city stop allowing the construction of new rental housing?
&gt; This presumes that other buildings won't see the rate set by the new developments and that they won't adjust their pricing upwards. I'm not really sold on that. If people are willing to pay them higher rents for the units in existing rental buildings, then why wouldn't they charge those higher rents already? They're waiting to see if someone else can charge a higher rent? Or you just mean the neighbourhood will gentrify over time, and then they'll be able to attract richer renters to their old buildings? &gt;Thus, it is not in your best interests as a renter to have (invariably more expensive) rental housing built where you want to live. That may be possible if you only care about prices in one very localized area, and don't care about affordability in the city as a whole. But looking at the scale of the entire city, it's obvious that a rental supply shortage will lead to higher prices, and is not at all in the best interests of renters. For example, San Francisco is one of the more difficult places to build new housing and add density, and thus has a terrible housing shortage. It's also top-2 most expensive in the US, as any 1-bedroom apartment costs $2500+, much higher rents than Vancouver. It really doesn't mesh with the theory that limiting new housing supply would help maintain housing affordability.
Agreed. It's irresponsible to propose a referendum on when you know that one of the two options is unacceptably bad. By making it a binary choice and leaving it up to the public to choose, it gives the bad option more legitimacy because people will think "if it's really suuuuuuch a bad idea, why would they put it to a vote?"
Thanks for posting the links! I saw just listened to most of it while cleaning my apartment, and you really weren't kidding about the generational divide.
I get your dilemma, but there's still an additional 30,000 people moving to Metro Vancouver every year, and they all need places to live. So even if foreign investment were slowed down, the increasing population will still create a lot of need for new housing construction, just maybe a little less than at present, and it likely won't be as expensive.
That's especially rich to say now, after she put our potential transit expansion to a public referendum (which got voted down). That has significantly slowed down the region's progress towards expanding the public transit network. She never left the fate of new highways or bridges or other infrastructure projects to referendums, only transit.
&gt;But that movement was only a convenient way to protest against the Conservatives, not their legislation. If you want any evidence for my statement, just recall how quickly C-51 protests disappeared after the Conservatives lost. Good post, but I don't entirely agree with that part. The opposition to C-51 quieted down *before* the Conservatives lost, simply because time passed and the election campaign began, which meant that other issues started to get attention, instead of everyone talking about and focusing on C-51. It's rare that a bill which has no visible impact in people's lives can stay on their radar for a long time.
It's not? Under Obama we've seen major investments in clean energy, a phasing out of coal power plants, the implementation of Obamacare, higher taxes on income over $400,000+, Dodd-Frank financial regulation, a deal with Iran, re-establishing relations with Cuba...
&gt;Big difference between internationalism and globalism. What is the difference? To me, those terms seem equivalent, so I'd be interested to hear your take.
Definitely. And he's also the most scandal-free president in many decades, to boot.
I think he's saying that "fraud" is pronounced like "fro-awd". I guess it depends on a person's accent, but for me they rhyme perfectly.
Thanks for the responses. &gt; Which was kind of a failure. I disagree, it's spurred a lot of R&amp;D that has hugely driven down the costs of clean energy, particularly solar. &gt;Fair enough, idk if you could give the government the blame for that. It's inevitable, but in 2013 Obama issued some executive actions around pollution that help to accelerate the transition. &gt;Not something you'd want to be proud of. That's fair. Obamacare obviously has good and bad to it, but I consider it a positive overall. &gt;What is this call fueled by? Some sort of hate for the wealthy? The economic fallacy that there's a limited amount of capital and the rich are taking it all? Do you know what this increase in taxes was used on? Increasing taxes for the sake of increasing taxes is harmful partisan bullshit. To me the obvious benefit here is additional tax revenue that was used to reduce the deficit.
By the end of their term, which is 2021. So presumably that means phased in over 5 years, with approximately 90 cent increases each year. So in 2021, a minimum wage employee working 40 hours a week would earn about $30,000 per year.
Yeah I wasn't saying that as criticism, just trying to lay out some facts about what their proposal would probably entail, before people launch a discussion based on only the headline.
There's speculation that Spain will not like the idea of Scotland separating from Britain and still being allowed to join the EU. Allowing that would give more legitimacy to the Catalonia separatism movement, by leading Catalonians to believe that they can separate from Spain while remaining in the EU.
Why is it ownership of guns that needs to be constitutionally protected, and not ownership of knives, swords, slingshots, grenades, or landmines? Or should they all be constitutionally protected?
Funny enough, road pricing wasn't guaranteed as part of the referendum's proposal, it was just floated as a long-term possibility. And as a result of the referendum's failure, it has become more likely as a possible revenue source, since the 0.5% sales tax idea is now off the table. And there's no indication that road pricing will necessarily involve GPS trackers (in fact it's fairly unlikely). More likely is it would be more bridge tolls.
What are some examples? Would the Schengen zone qualify as internationalism or globalism?
Thanks for the info, that makes sense.
&gt;Silly questions deserve silly answers: Yes. As long as you don't hurt anyone, knock yourself out. But I'm not asking whether I should buy one, or whether they should be legal, I'm wondering whether ownership of various weapons should be protected *in the constitution*, if we were starting from scratch. And you consider my question silly, but I'm not sure that it is. You presumably believe that ownership of certain weapons, but not all weapons, needs to be a constitutional right. I'm wondering why firearms in particular are the one that require constitutional protection, while others don't? And if helps clarify my viewpoint, I'm a Canadian, and here gun ownership is legal, but guns sure as hell aren't considered a constitutional right. For me, the notion of having a constitutional *right* to own any particular object just seems strange (especially if you're starting from scratch and no longer have to abide by what people thought necessary in 1780). If you're going down that road, why not have a constitutional right to own eating utensils, or a constitutional right to own personal hygiene products? Those are important things as well, and much more fundamental to living a good life.
Some right-wingers dislike the UN and think it's dumb, mostly because they aren't aware of any of its functions except the Security Council, which they don't like because other countries have vetoes. But mostly, this is just Sarah Palin feeling compelled to say *something* in order to stay relevant.
If you saw her endorsement of Donald Trump, you'd know that she's absolutely crazy enough to say this. Here's the link to her Trump endorsement: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXjyJWUmTu0 The most bizarre part is at 1:50
[Ten ways to ease Metro Vancouver’s housing crisis](http://vancouversun.com/opinion/columnists/douglas-todd-ten-ways-to-ease-metro-vancouvers-housing-crisis)
Thanks for the response. I think it's worth keeping in mind that you can support the legality of something, in a certain time and place, without needing it to be a constitutional right. I think alcohol and tobacco should be legal, but I don't think there should be a constitutional right to own them. If circumstances arose where the populace and the democratically elected governments had good reason to think their society would be better off with restrictions on those products, then I believe they should have the ability to implement those restrictions. Same goes for guns, in my view. To say they should be a constitutional right implies that people must have some degree of access to weapons, *even if* circumstances arise such that the population and the government have good reason to think adding restrictions would improve their society. To me that's unreasonable, but we can agree to disagree.
So when a party governs poorly for a term, we have no choice but to repeatedly re-elect the other party for 20 years?
&gt; Don't ever forget that one thing from 10 years ago. Never again! More like 16 years ago now.
I've voted BC Liberal before, but I'm hoping that by voting them out this time, they'll have to regroup and renew themselves, and come back with some fresh ideas in 4 years. I'm also hoping the BC NDP will put forward some decent ideas this time, since in my view, a lot of the BC Liberals' weakpoints are issues where they could easily be an improvement.
Fair enough! I guess we'll have to see what kind of ideas the BC NDP puts forward this time.
Actually, a different column in the Sun (I forget who wrote it, but I can hunt it down later) said that BC is the only jurisdiction in Canada that allows foreign donations to political parties, and they couldn't find any other jurisdiction in North America that allowed it.
&gt;Organizers estimated close to 300 were on hand Sunday morning at the foot of Yew Street, as a series of speakers addressed the crowd, expressing anger over what they said was a lack of consultation and due process at city hall. &gt;The rally was organized to bring together concerned residents to “protest wasteful infrastructure spending and lack of consultation from the Vision Vancouver-led city hall,” according to an announcement from the organizers, Concerned Kitsilano Residents. &gt;Speeches criticized everything from the construction of bike lanes to the installation of suicide-prevention barriers on the Burrard Bridge. A focal point of the rally, which came up repeatedly in the speeches, was the city’s planned $6.4-million project to create a new sidewalk along Point Grey Road. &gt;The plan, which council approved last month, calls for the creation of “an improved walking environment and enhanced public realm on the Seaside Greenway,” running from Macdonald Street west to Alma Street. &gt;Sunday’s organizers handed out placards for attendees to hold, with signs bearing slogans like, “Stop and listen to your taxpayers,” and, “$6.4 million for the richest street in Vancouver? What are you thinking?” &gt;Many in the crowd wore T-shirts created by rally organizers, emblazoned with, “City is not listening,” and, “Wake up! Vancouver.” They listened as 10 speakers took turns at the microphone, criticizing the decisions and leadership style of Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson and the city’s councillors, a majority of whom are affiliated with Vision Vancouver. The event’s MC was Robert Macdonald, a real estate developer affiliated with the NPA, and the speakers’ list included members of community associations, high-profile Point Grey Road resident Nelson Skalbania and NPA councillors Elizabeth Ball, George Affleck and Melissa De Genova. Robertson and the whole council were invited to attend the rally, but didn’t reply, said organizer Fiona Brodie, who said she has no affiliation with any civic political party. &gt;... &gt;The crowd skewed older than most rallies or protests, observed one attendee who gave his name as Claude, a 60-year-old downtown resident. &gt;“Look around, this is like a 40-to-70(-year-old) crowd,” he said, adding he had been waiting since the last civic election for an event like Sunday’s rally, so he could share his frustrations with other similarly upset voters. “It’s almost like Trump … I heard people saying, ‘Take our city back.’ Isn’t that like what Trump’s saying?” he said. “They’re saying: ‘Make Vancouver great again.’ ”
And the BC Liberals have Christy Clark as their front-woman, who is just as bad or worse than Dix was, just for different reasons. I don't need a perfect option or even a good option, I just choose the best one available. Based on my political views, the BC NDP currently look like they'll be the best option for 2017, but we'll see what happens over the next 10 months.
I always find it bizarre and somewhat amusing how much fury certain people direct towards bike lanes. Cycling is an enjoyable, affordable, environmentally-sustainable mode of transportation that also helps people stay in shape, so in my view, it should be encouraged and accommodated. Bike lanes do just that, by making it safer, more convenient, and more enjoyable for people to travel by bicycle.
Are there any downsides to using a credit union instead of a bank?
Squatters rights exist in some places, but not BC, and possibly not anymore in Canada.
It is declining in all western countries, including America, but it's still far higher in America than in the rest.
That sums it up. Foreign money boosts our economy, at least in the ways that it is traditionally measured (unemployment rate, GDP growth). It clearly has negative impacts on cost of living though, and I think it's reached a breaking point, which Clark and the BC Liberals will regret. We'll see though.
Looks good to me. They mostly maintain 4-storey density along Commercial, and emphasize relatively narrow storefronts to maintain the prevalence of small businesses and the character of that street. Meanwhile they allow higher density at Commercial-Broadway Skytrain station, along Hastings, and at the Kettle site, while allowing only moderate density increases throughout most of the rest of the neighbourhood. Overall the population of the neighbourhood would increase from 34,000 in 2011 to 43,500 in 2041, which is a similar rate of change to what Vancouver as a whole is expected to take in, so that seems like a reasonable compromise with the neighbourhood. And in terms of transportation (see [Chapter 8 of the full plan](http://vancouver.ca/files/cov/grandview-woodland-community-plan-draft.pdf)), I like their plans for improving and adding new cycling routes in the area, particularly a protected bike lane on the south half of Commercial Drive (from 14th to around 1st). I also like the idea of pushing Translink to eventually provide a bus route on 1st avenue, since there's such a large gap between Broadway and Hastings with no East-West routes.
I attended a community meeting where it was discussed, and the businesses who opposed bike lanes were complaining because they thought the lanes would be replacing parking spots. However that's now not the case, because the community plan actually says they would avoid remove parking, and instead replace traffic lanes. Currently there's 6 lanes south of 1st avenue and only 4 lanes north of 1st avenue (including parking), so they can add bike lanes south of 1st avenue or Graveley, and still maintain at least 4 lanes of road space for the entire length of Commercial Drive, and thus maintain the parking spots in front of businesses.
I'm not sure, but I'm starting to think they're completely out of touch, and legitimately didn't realize how much this issue affects people's lives, or that it would stick around as a major election issue, and come back to haunt them.
Where on Burrard is it going?
Yeah Capilano wouldn't require a whole day, probably 1-3 hours, depending how much time you wanted to spend there.
Yeah I think that's the point. The BC Utilities Commission was blocked from reviewing the plan for the Site C dam .
She's an investigative journalist who focuses on the Vancouver real estate market.
From what I've read, he seems like a bit of a nut, and not someone I would normally want in charge of a country. However I don't know how he compares to the alternatives. And if he makes positive changes in the Philippines, like this, then he deserves credit for them.
In return, Mexico is opening its borders to Canadian beef.
The last [poll](http://abacusdata.ca/support-for-site-c-remains-broad/) I saw said approximately 50% support it, 25% could support it under certain circumstances, and 25% are opposed to it. So I'd say that's fairly popular overall, but not resoundingly so. Aside from flooding good farmland, another downside is that it's a relatively expensive source of power, and it may be a couple decades until we need that much power, while in the mean time, BC taxpayers will be on the hook for the costs (via rising BC Hydro rates). That's what the BC Utilities Commission is supposed to review, but the government blocked them from doing such a review. And by committing to build a dam of this scale, it's crowding the market which pushes away smaller-scale renewable power projects. For example, the Canadian Wind Energy Association has closed its BC office, because it says with Site C on the way, there's no point building wind power in this province, since BC Hydro will already have a surplus of power. There's also a likely possibility that technology for other types of clean energy will continue becoming cheaper and more efficient over the coming decades, whereas the cost of Site C is fixed at best, and at worst, there could be cost overruns. [Globe and Mail: Two B.C. wind farm projects halted with huge Site C dam in wings](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/british-columbia/two-bc-wind-farm-projects-halted-with-huge-site-c-dam-in-wings/article30170273/) [Prince George Citizen: Site C is killing green power](http://www.princegeorgecitizen.com/opinion/columnists/site-c-is-killing-green-power-1.2282021) [Business in Vancouver: Sun setting on B.C.’s independent power sector - The renewable projects coming online this year are expected to be the last for decades](https://www.biv.com/article/2016/6/sun-setting-bcs-independent-power-sector/) At the end of the day, maybe it's still a worthwhile project overall, but that's not guaranteed. So I think it makes sense to let the BC Utilities Commission review the project to assess the projected demand for power, and see if there's a need for the project, compared to the alternative options. That should have happened in the first place, but for some reason Clark blocked them from reviewing the project.
Basically the European countries in the Schengen Area have no border controls between themselves, so people and goods can move freely between them without any waits, and without needing to bring a passport. So for example, you can drive or take a train from France to Belgium to the Netherlands to Germany without going through any border stops, or you can fly between those countries without going through customs. It also speeds up goods movement, since trucks and freight trains don't have to wait in border lines and get searched every time they cross a national border. However there are still border stops and customs for entering or leaving the Schengen Area (so going from Canada to France you still need a passport and must clear customs, obviously). The upsides are easier travel, more efficient trade, etc. Downsides are that each country has less control over who or what goods enter their country, so they have to establish some common rules and regulations that apply to all countries in the Schengen Area, and they also have to count of the other countries in the Schengen Area to be secure.
Ehh, I agree with the sentiments, but I think the new community plan finds a reasonable balance. It may not add as much density as Kyle wants, but it would still add enough homes for 10,000 more people to join the neighbourhood over the next 25 years, with a couple high-rises near Commercial-Broadway and on Hastings, and adding incremental density increases throughout the rest of the area, while maintaining a big mix of housing types. The compromise with the neighbourhood is that in exchange for more density in some parts of the neighbourhood, they get to maintain the area east of Commercial Drive as mostly duplexes, and Commercial Drive itself mostly remains as 4 storeys or less (except 1st Avenue, the Kettle site, near the Skytrain, and near Hastings).
&gt;How any planner can look at that and say, "Meh, nothing needs to change here." They're not saying the status quo works, they're just saying a 10-lane toll bridge is excessive and doesn't fit the regional plans, so the province should put forward a more appropriate solution, like 6-8 lanes. &gt;The agency that oversees Metro Vancouver is coming out against the proposed Massey Tunnel Replacement Project. &gt;It’s upset over what it calls a lack of consultation and it doesn’t think it should be 10 lanes. It is, however, okay with a smaller bridge or maybe an improved tunnel. It's not at all clear why the province thinks the free 4-lane tunnel requires a tolled 10-lane bridge as its replacement, unless they're planning to develop on Delta's ALR land to increase the number of cars driving over it. I would think they would have learned from the Port Mann Bridge that tolls reduce the number of cars, and 10 lanes will be excessive (and more expensive than necessary for us taxpayers, compared to a bridge with fewer lanes).
I think a bridge replacement is a good idea, but 10 lanes on a tolled bridge is too much, since we know from Port Mann and Golden Ears that tolls discourage usage. A 6-8 lane tolled bridge would be more reasonable, and less expensive to build.
Yes, you're absolutely correct. In Spring 2017 Canada will introduce legislation to legalize marijuana, regardless of what California does.
Agreed. I think LGBT+ works well, open-ended but keeps it simple. Anyway, this is the first time a Canadian PM has ever attended Vancouver's pride parade, so that's pretty cool.
If I recall, the budget is supposed to be fixed: the city is contributes $5 million of funding to help get the system installed and up and running, and then the private company takes it from there.
