Agreed, but not this much this early into the race, at least as far as I could remember.
yup
No flames in the cockpit. Can't say the same about under the helmet.
Damn. Was hoping for Elliott to pull it off. Oh well. Still very impressive in his rookie season though. Just a matter of time.
So looks like someone's going through a table tonight.
Said it before, will say it again, would be nice if this New Era means a return to proper use of the Titantron.
Well this ought to be interesting
"Who in their right mind puts themselves in a triple threat match?" No one. Dean Ambrose did, but he isn't in a right mind. Clearly. 👍🏼
Reminded of the first Chicago RAW after CM Punk left. Hit them from the start with some Living Colour. &amp; speaking of him: https://youtu.be/7Ms0DFxpptk
Will be bittersweet watching the (season) finale in about a minute. Hope they get the opportunity elsewhere. Agree with those that said the show was getting better and that they were getting chemistry built among them. Sort of ironic that the last (possible) episode of Top Gear US ends up in Cuba.
BBC Worldwide, which produced Top Gear USA, issued a statement confirming the series' end on History while remaining optimistic about the show's future. "History treated Top Gear USA with great care, and the show had a solid five-season contractual run with the network," a BBC Worldwide Productions spokesperson said. "We are fully committed to the hugely successful Top Gear brand -- known all over the world -- and have begun exploring new opportunities for the series in the US."
"If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way, because I'll tell you what, no computer is safe." Donald J. Trump expressed deep misgivings about technology during his brief exchange with reporters positioned outside his Grand Ballroom.
I'm guessing it doesn't give notifications for breaking news?
Still glad to say I watched that car from a grandstand perspective
I was waiting for the ring bell, but that was the weapon 😕
http://www.serebiiforums.com/showthread.php?653815-Amourshipping-Thread-V3&amp;p=18312372#post18312372 Snippets of interview with Tetsuo Yajima (Pokémon XYZ Director &amp; Storyboard Artist for XYZ Episode 47) Also some extra points: *The kiss scene is indeed meant to be Serena kissing Ash, and his reaction to it is surprised awe, any ambiguity the scene has is so they could get it on TV in the first place. *Likewise, you're meant to hope and assume the two of them are going to become a couple later. *The idea to have a romance subplot apparently came from producer Shukichi Kanda, who came up with the idea of portraying things through a female lead's admiration for Ash, which then led to the suggestion that they'd have a flashback to a childhood meeting with romantic implications.
Mmm, wonder how Kofi is not going to be eliminated this year?
Dang. Spear.
[Yup](https://youtu.be/m08nRUUUKko)
I'll give it a shot. Ironically that was also the name of the app I was using prior (with a + added on)
Same here. They've been other videos discussing it but are probably premature given the more details released &amp; on the opposite end now that they have been more details there would be others coming. Not sure but I heard there are to be more details coming in a subsequent interview in March. I'm thinking now that's actually not the case(?)
When Serena says "Thanks!" is she saying it to Ash or the group? (I think it was Ash) Just curious what others think as there are people who think it was to the latter.
[Heyman &amp; Layfield sure have come a long way...](https://youtu.be/-7AoX3LkxpA)
Think the ring announcers have the same feeling
New year New Ziggler
I remember saying that it sort of didn't matter how bad the La Luchadora costume looked cause it was the 1st &amp; last time we would see 'her'. Now we're seeing the costume in stereo.
Lost in all that, Becky beat the Champ... again
Either there is no "John Cena sucks" tonight or it is very faint. Speaking of that I sure miss the "You suck" chants.
Imagine those 2 could be brothers, with just 4 words &amp; 1 acceptance (ironically with the word, "Yes!")
&amp; AJ knew it.
The irony that now John is being called part-time.
Honestly I like this AJ more than that "Champ that runs the Camp" thing
Oh yea, John's a home boy (sort of)
Wolf to pick the bones. ...or not
"Chinella" haha
Now it all makes sense.
She is of Arab descent
Maybe(?)
"Aliyah returned on the April 27 episode of NXT, where she worked as a jobber and competed on her first televised singles match, losing to Carmella" Fast forward a couple of months later...
I'm going to venture &amp; say that WCPW had a little something to do with WWE's sudden UK interests.
Just call it the IC Championship from here on out.
Trombones named Francesca Umbrellas named William Mops named Moppy (of course) Only the WWE.
Im going to guess Maryse gets involved one too many times &amp; out comes Ms. Young.
That's true. Just kick her out.
Well hot damn
[More videos](https://youtu.be/rw47vNmuKfM)
[Here it is.](http://www.underconsideration.com/brandnew/archives/new_logo_for_nascar.php#.WG0xYyj3aEc)
[I've pointed this out in the past.](https://www.reddit.com/r/NASCAR/comments/4tldb7/what_the/?st=IXJ9GN0E&amp;sh=eaf035d9) Guess just happened to spot this one before it went private.
It's probably been asked, but anyone thinks the US version would alter the final episode in any way? If it airs as it did in Japan I'm fine with that.
God I hope they don't feel the need to 'censor' anything.
[No CVT](http://www.vtec.net/news/news-item?news_item_id=1302343)
That NSX 👍🏽
🇺🇸 - Acura 🌐- Honda
The Excellent &gt; Honda NSX
Pretty curious as to how the 20/24 degree turns would work out. Different twist than the somewhat normal now of progressive banking.
[Final Episode (English)](https://youtu.be/XB6aWoScCfk)
[Video](https://youtu.be/uRGQugQpjz8)
Strowman looks like he wanted to win. Think he'd just be happy kicking Rollins' ass around the arena.
The show in a show.
20 years later he'll do it again vs AJ Styles. Ok not really.
Well we know that was coming.
Well there's your answer
League of Nations 2.0
Apparent knee injury
Could've said I'll put you in a coffin. Cue the gong.
At least we got a DX reference.
Well at least Emmalina should be a good medium between bubbly Emma &amp; bad girl Emma. (Whenever she debuts)
👎🏽
Exactly what it is
Saved by The Gong
Taker sure doesn't like those mic logos.
Don't remind us.
Gotta get those PPV buys/WWEN subs
Man Vince is still punishing Titus over that arm grab.
🦉
Re: WrestleMania 34 Wish it wasn't somewhere that recently enough got one.
Was/Is Big E fanning a fart?
😧
"More from Tom Jensen: "Multiple sources confirmed to me that Edwards has no health issues and instead wanted to pursue other interests."
[All comes to light](https://twitter.com/jeff_gluck/status/818861113538478080)
Can't be Eva Marie cause "she's too vain" to put on a mask haha
Shades of AJ Lee (coming to the ring) Shades of Fabulous Moolah (in the ring)
Haha "Lets Go Jobber"
At least he is leaving on his own terms.
Sure have been a series of sudden retirements and retirements in general lately.
I'm guessing (hoping) the lack of surname is due to not having one ready yet.
Conversation Street intro. haha
Remember that happened at the end of Richard's F-150 review way back when on Top Gear (re: stealing from the truck)
I look forward to the next US visit/war
I also [made](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/cCRfU) a simple interpretation. They also plan to redo the logos for the other series. Again much like the refresh of .com would come closer to Speedweeks.
[Link](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtc57NTUizP7rXV6q9woCA6TFDWPayQaB)
I like [this](https://youtu.be/CvZnab4ajrY) version. Also NASCAR on NBC had a great [return](https://youtu.be/FnV5uuCN-O8) and was also [good*](https://youtu.be/v3BXtpnUQ1M) before they left. Although I liked what they used for the 2004 Daytona 500 would've liked if they used [this](https://youtu.be/iAJpeRHk-LY) instead. *3:24 mark
Well that's one way to kill a cheer.
Wish Paul would still use that ECW music he used back in the day.
Haha thought he'd say something punch, kick, struggle in the corner.
Well that wasn't expected (yet)
Oh come on
One of the more star studded Royal Rumbles in recent memory.
Someone or something had to give. If it was me, someone attack one of the two before either could directly confront.
Charlotte's winning strategy: no Raw title defences
Wonder if a certain [picture](https://instagram.com/p/BPVyVUcB2Mi/) would show up. Guess it didn't.
[Classic moment](https://youtu.be/lI7_W5FVuyY)
There it is!
Not the first time that has happened.
I remember there was a [modified version](https://youtu.be/HzIY53y12Pc) of "Medal" released about the time he was in ECW which cut out the part that fans would normally chant "You Suck" at. On a side note, [this](https://twitter.com/realkurtangle/status/821118545669029888) tweet 👍🏽
Couple of places. Mostly YouTube videos from those in the know
https://youtu.be/51RlYjSgLcI
Former Tag Team Champions on commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4qvihTivhA
Figures. Following Cena, N. Bella.
I was now thinking that to myself. Don't think so.
Ouch
Nattie was upset about http://dailywrestlingnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/nikki2.jpg (SL-wise)
No problem with this repeat.
Well there's the "You Suck" again.
Think WWE go a little overboard with the 'fireflies' on the entrance stage. At least with the 'dead' ones on the ground.
And the descent continues
It's good to be The King
Still kind of hard to imagine that we almost lost him on live TV years ago. Ironically after he had a match with his guest.
I hope so but I think this is a one time thing
Surprised he got any physical on him.
This should be the first time a women's match is main eventing SmackDown? Let alone a women's steel cage match
Well there is the fact the name has cage in it lol
Guess it was too obvious to have the Loch Ness Monster involved in CBC
On a side note, I wonder if the revised Xfinity &amp; Camping World Truck Series logos would debut today
Was about to make the point, despite the dread I am having those on the inside seem to be pretty excited about this, so we'll see. Speaking of which https://twitter.com/RickAllenracing/status/823644955528851465
Not as bad as I thought. Interesting concept.
Hopefully
Well that came out of nowhere
"Chase for the Cup" 2004-2016
...again
Well I think most of us know how the show would end
I know these days even the Titantron is more just for show, but I miss the days when the minitrons at least weren't just random colours and shapes
Really a sign of the (PG13) times when Jericho goes from "trash bag ho" to "stupid idiot"
Or the Family Guy manatees
Should finishers, you know finish the match like they did back in the day?
That's a new one
Didn't someone else go from 1 to end? *sarcasm*
Wonder how much Austin Creed loves that theme/entrance?
Evan Bourne? (Should return to this division)
&amp; Vince's punishment continues...
Seems they are doing it by drivers (for the most part) this year as opposed to teams.
Have no problem with either. Just saying.
Is a couple of match wins worth that?
[Wanna see it again?](https://www.instagram.com/p/BPq1rk2hSyA/)
Oops
Nikki Bella meet Nikki Mac
Ok seriously, does John's shirts always have to be corny looking?
AJ having enough of John's speeches reminds me of people being tired of Kyle (Broflovski's) speeches.
Well maybe [someone](http://www.usanetwork.com/sites/usanetwork/files/styles/629x720/public/NikkiBella_1920x1080_0.jpg?itok=IDNN2qcA) ...
Was that a "Lock her up" chant?
😮
Naomi's entrance 👍🏽👍🏽
Well so much for the match.
Nia comes out in a surprise trade
Random thought: what if someone was a heel during a forced retirement? (Re: Edge, Daniel Bryan)
Yep. I've tied. 623 to 623. Before the Toad count though.
WrestleMania-esque long ramp
WWEUC match already? Hmm, ok then.
The thought did cross my mind... doubt it though.
How symbolic would it be...
That's more of an FU than the move formerly known as the FU was.
The only move I haven't seen yet is that springboard stunner.
If there is a double turn, now would be that time
Match of the year 2017
&amp; now on to the Rumble
So Kurt in or out?
Ah yes the first WrestleMania sign point on the Road
Wonder if Miz would employ his not enter strategy
Damn that entrance ramp
This oughta be interesting
Shaemus helped the last couple of years.
Uh oh
God damn
No.
The (not as) Big Show
Crafty Canadians
Of course number 10 would be...
Or 11 as it turns out
Knew it
Looked like a damn mannequin
Wonder which member of the Wyatts comes first?
Well damn...
Think Lesnar, Goldberg, Taker enters as 20.
Guess that was Kofi's 'elimination' this year(?)
Cesaro's stamina...
Bray
Oh damn. Lol
Oh man. 😞
Looking like Taker, Lesnar &amp; Goldberg are 28, 29, 30
Well now.
Now would be as good a time as any for Taker
Gong.
I would think Taker is 30. So number 29 is the mystery.
💩!
So 30 is? Balor Angle Joe ???
Well that happened.
We need another one of those 40 man Rumbles
Well that's not going to help anything...
💩!!
Hence why it is as of now.
Now how much of that time is actually in the ring?
Kevin broke his promise in front of his best friend. ☹️ 2017 WWE Raw
Cole and Co. didn't expect him, the shirt says otherwise.
but Cena beat Brock before that. But Brock Lesnar!
Bell just rung Nia better not get herself DQ'ed
Well she did marry the guy
Think the camera guy goofed a little. Though we knew it was obviously Hunter.
Song played so much the WWE game developers used it, whether he was wrestling or not.
Well how are they going to ruin this one?
Well that's how.
By "ruin" I meant keep Hunter &amp; Seth from fighting.
Oh Joy (no pun intended), Adam's calling qualifying. 😔
Why can't that be the Pace Car?
More of a rhetorical question.
Maybe it's just the 83
Classic commercial
Between turn 1 &amp; 2 on the apron.
Guess I was distracted and missed this apparently pretty good rear camera view from A. Dillon's car.
Said it before and I'll say it again. Ignoring the first caution, yellow car = yellow flag
I'm not sure he was going to be fine Jeff. Probably fine until he hit the wall...
For physical damage, yes For mechanical damage, no
Never heard so much throttle playing. This rules package...
Watching the replay and then seeing Kurt's race ending crash was like, 'wait, when did that happen?'
Would be cool if they tracked positions on pit road like the so at times on track, i.e. using a track map.
The yellow car = yellow flag theory isn't perfect but it seems to be right most of the time.
Ask and you shall receive
Well so much for 20 vs 42 2.
That definitely ought to be interesting
Just a matter of time until it's 48, 13.
Got a Brian O'Conner vibe there
Kyle with a sweep. Just not that Kyle. (Maybe 😬)
Oh man. Was ready to comment that it's a good day to take a xx place car and make it a x place car. Too bad Dale.
The Fox Box already gave Larson the win.
I'd be curious to know where Jimmie was when the wreck was obviously going to result in a caution, though it doesn't look like it would've changed the result.
Yup. Just too late to have an 2nd attempt result.
Yes, as subsequent replays showed.
What were they thinking with that name?
Great Balls of Fire and no Kane. 😕
Another Englishman with a similar line...
Why the bear in the first place?
🤔
He didn't win at Martinsville...
Should've been his theme music...
Deuce, Domino &amp; Cherry's PPV long after they were gone.
Joe vs Lesnar would definitely be described as a slobberknocker.
Revenge for the trip with Renee I guess
Haha. Fashion Files.
What's a Maha Raja? (hope I spelt that right) Never bothered to find out Update: Mahārāja
Guess the same could be said of his Raw counterpart.
Yup
So Jinder isn't leaving St. Louis with the Championship is he?
How far 3 guys lumped together for no real reason have come...
Well Lana jumped to the head of the line.
Kevin Owens' theme could do with a remix treatment (E.g. Stone Cold "Glass Shatters", Batista "I Walk Alone")
Just waiting for the WrestleMania edition of this entrance.
Yup. Still is.
[From earlier...](https://twitter.com/wwekidman/status/872260687690686470)
😕
I think something like this could work. People do like to watch some of the older races. What I do wonder, is if they should be condensed or as it was originally aired. &amp; I guess they could get access to NASCAR related shows over the years like The 10 from Speed &amp; of course put together new original shows.
I'm also sure NASCAR owns the rights to the previous races, under NASCAR Media Group, LLC. As far as NASCAR-related shows I'm pretty sure they could get that easily as those shows air on channels that have NASCAR races already. If there is to be a NASCAR Network I see them/would like them to follow(ing) the same idea as the WWE Network. As far as current season races, I'd hope they keep uploading them to their YouTube channel but more than likely they would use that as a reason to subscribe.
Still trying to figure that one out. At least I had a season to at least start thinking about it.
[Redesign Rebuild Reclaim - Single by Downstait](https://itun.es/us/Niavjb)
Love hearing the cars shift.
Sort of not looking forward to the Jeff Gordon Jimmie Johnson helmet. :-\
http://imgur.com/a/K0nNG Must be that time of year
Guess Adam still heavily relies on achievement titles to refer to a person (e.g. 2-time Daytona 500 winner (Michael Waltrip))
I'm guessing on the race broadcast.
This oughta be good
I'm going to guess the pit road reporters would have the hardest time.
No boogity boogity boogity?
For Daytona and Talladega.
I'd give them a 7/10. Not bad guys and gal. 👍🏼
Yup. Microsoft E3 at 5pm. Except the race could finish around 7pm :-\
22, 21. 2?
Almost never fails. Bayne &amp; Patrick.
Larry just explained the possible reason.
The (probably) never to be named Fox Through The Field
https://www.reddit.com/r/NASCAR/comments/6gmwep/race_thread_mencs_pocono_400_at_pocono_raceway/dirgr19/
10.8?!
Frustration kicking in. Can't blame him. Brought up a good point, with Sonoma, Watkins Glen &amp; of course the return to Pocono.
If 19 doesn't get a speeding ticket I'll be surprised.
Whoa, what the hell?
Oh God not that show...
That was a smack.
Know its been said, the greatest fear, no brakes (especially going into turn 1 at Pocono)
he's been at this for a while...
Really want to see about Forza 7 (which is what they are talking about now)
Ok then.
Looks like they are waiting until the end to announce a price.
&amp; then there was 1 (stage)
Yes.
Hopefully Danica could stick up in the top 5 or at the very least get 2 top 10s in a row.
That was ... whoa.
This race woke up.
This is the kind of racing I like. Pulling for Ryan.
Oh shit Mike!
Come on Blaney. (DW got it 1/2 right)
Polish victory lap. As the 21 should.
Surprise inspection.
Someone quick, give Brad a mic
A Mitsubishi ad. Haven't seen one of those in forever. (Watching Canadian stream)
Yes! https://www.reddit.com/r/NASCAR/comments/6gobbm/postrace_discussion_thread_mencs_pocono_400_at/dirscv9/
Nice to see 2 legendary numbers return to Victory Lane this year.
Was wondering (&amp; going to create one) myself.
Well that's an army of sorts
iPhone's got a pretty good mic
iPhone's got a really really good mic.
Well that's alternate version of Tyler Breeze's entrance
Well this oughta be interesting...
Split time. Sony E3/WWE Raw.
If Bray's a jobber then it must be the year of the jobber. 2 of 'them' have become WWE Champion already.
Thought Sony would've finished about the same time as Raw. Guess not. Oh look who's the bear this week
Is it me or they always around the same piece of metal in the back?
Nope.
Twist of Fa... Stunner?
About damn time.
Took me a little bit to get why this special entrance.
Teddy Long's dream. Set up a tag team match between tag teams.
I'm beginning to see some logic behind Kevin Owens turning on Sami after all this time...
I was now wondering how Zack was doing.
Yea I know, that's why I was wondering how he was doing (in his recovery)
That name now has me wondering, is Lana using that abandoned thing that was going to Emma? 🤔
Dang girl
Speaking of sights no one ever thought they would see...
Could tweak it a little and have Lana use it. Seems like it. Show up in fancy dresses but then kick ass.
Gotta admit Jinder's revised entrance is pretty cool.
Is someone playing a flute?
WWE And PUMA Releasing MITB Themed Sneakers (Via Twitter)
[Link](https://twitter.com/Rosenbergradio/status/874714031378116608)
Think there is a slight Billy and Chuck in the Fashion Police
Know it was said last week (&amp; probably every week since they started doing it) but the damn pyro noises for Nakamura's entrance 💢
Why am I suddenly getting this feeling that someone attacks Zayn before the match and then replaces him in the match. That person being: Rusev
🤔 👍🏼
Just watched it again. Wish they could do these thugs more often. Apparently Travis Pastrana and (I think Cruz Pedragon) swapped between a Super Stadium Series(?) truck and a NHRA Funny Car.
Currently watching the review. Quite the stark difference in his review vs the others I've seen so far.
216MPH into 1. Colour me impressed.
They should have that speed sensor like they do at (I think Auto Club Speedway) going into turn 1 here also.
Mmm, some 'sandbagging' was happening earlier
Larson yes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GySz_6JOw9I
Apparently this change was made simply for aesthetics. WWE thinks it looks better on the stage vs the old proper entrance videos. Also the reason why during matches the show's logo is displayed instead of what's going on in the ring. I wish they would revert as well.
Could do with some Dew (Dale's car 👍🏼)
Wasn't bad. Microsoft did surprise with original Xbox backwards compatibility. Forza 7 looks impressive with the dynamic weather (NASCAR integration). Sony impressed me with the Spider-Man game. GT Sport doesn't look bad either.
McMurray is probably glad for that rain earlier/resulting competition caution
Wonder how much of those onions they've given away since they started sponsoring Kevin?
I think LR tyre changer was a little annoyed at the fuel guy for that
There's this run in Vegas where they have used a 2006 Cup car and run it. Can't remember the name of the event off hand though.
Something up? People reporting it going down.
I think Fox needs to reboot that Box of theirs
Crank It (Engines) Up Crank It (Everything Else) Down
Well so much for caution free (no car involved)
Oh, haha. No. I was talking about the Fox Box ticker. At the time it was messing up.
How that didn't become a wreck... 😦
Wow
That'll take a while to clean up.
Knew Maria would be back based on her recent Instagram postings.
👍🏼👍🏼
Saturday.
I wasn't the only one that broke out a little Jay-Z when Joe said "allow me to introduce myself"
JoJo too.
🤔 a fan in an arena?
Must be quite the coincidence that Corey has business to attend to whenever the camera is on them.
Well he did say he was going to burn it all down...
That brought to mind for me, his WrestleMania entrance with the torch. Think he said something like "I'm going to burn this to the ground" can't remember in what context but that probably was what that ad was made around.
He wants to use that so bad
Man local bad weather update missed out on a good chunk.
&amp; I would have gotten away with it too if it weren't for you meddling superstars
ECW ECW ECW! (Couldn't help it)
Devon: Someone! Get the medic!
Could have (&amp; should have bad guy video game music)
I have a feeling Otunga will pull an Eva Marie &amp; leave for a movie and not come back.
Who has been attacking Enzo &amp; Cass... Kurt Angle talking to The Revival 🤔
Must have something good planned if Joe vs Roman is now
Don't tell me Kurt Angle revealing that The Revival (most likely) attacked Enzo &amp; Cass ends the show
Roman Reigns &amp; John Cena 2 people that people want to turn heel 2 people that just show up and announce they are number 1 contenders and that's the way it is
Joe
NBC Universal
Oh 💩 another bad weather update and miss another event.
Not even 🇺🇸.
👍🏼
The end of the MITB (Female) was 👎🏼
All that still he destroyed the Martinsville Grandfather clock?
Oh Lord. The sad bears.
Guess he's not sorry for using her as a human shield multiple times?
Guess he didn't set the time right.
&amp; he did it again.
&amp; again. Hope he enjoyed the couch. The doghouse is next.
Bo Tozowa? Or Akira Dallas?
Depending on who it ends up being Kurt may also take a massive dump on the Universe.
Knew they would sneak in a women's match before the reveal
After all this if it's The Revival it would be a little disappointing.
I know people like the Enzo lines, but for people coming to find out who has been attacking they sure are cheerful.
RIP Enzo &amp; Cass.
Well you did...
Somewhat surprised that it was Cass if only cause of how popular they are (were) together
Oh, there was a tear.
...or just Cass.
That looks great. Would sure like to see that on track one day. (&amp; an Accord)
Wonder if she would follow her man's lead &amp; dump 'her man'
Flavor Flav?
NASCAR coverage is where I know it from. Just for clarification, it's not down on occasion, it's standard now, just not for every ad break.
Did they drop the pyro noise? 🙏🏽
They dropped the pyro noise 👍🏼
🤔 when a finisher meant the finish of the match...
It's usually done for rating purposes (for WWE programming anyway)
The Famouser
Would be nice.
They had a point.
Oh look it's Birdie's dad
I like Tamina's music because it says her name lol
Well least he didn't say anything about his chin. (Or lack thereof)
Not exactly the best week for Big Cass &amp; Carmella.
Oh it's that period of time again...
Went from defending the US Championship at WrestleMania 23 to that in the span of a couple of months. Remember that his subsequent brain tests showed his was so severely damaged that it resembled an 85 year old Alzheimer's patient. Ironically he won that WM23 match with his Flying Headbutt. Also remember I didn't watch the PPV the night before, but read the results the next day and of course Benoit no-showing due to what I think was called a "family emergency" at the time did stick out. This was in the days before an iPhone so no instant breaking news alert so just randomly checking wrestling news and shocker. Then there was that whole roid-rage debate, particularly by Nancy Grace (and the one she basically threw DDP under the bus after Ultimate Warrior's death). Oh boy...
See that's available through the NASCAR app
Wish they could do a road course race at Road America (Cup Series)
4th for Danica. Not bad.
Hmm, noticed the 24 using the wiper blade. Maybe they picked up what JGR apparently did at WGI last year. I assume the other HMS cars are as well.
Damn. (sort of)
Think everyone was a Stewart fan for that last lap last year.
I agree, stage racing at the road courses will be something.
Yes
I'm guessing Mazda no longer runs in that series?
I was thinking about [manufacturers](http://imgur.com/a/KNIPp) in NASCAR earlier
I think it's just jackets due to the windy(?) conditions there.
Oh no.
I was thinking this myself. Maybe if they used them out of the racing lines (in the air of course) so that if something was to go wrong they wouldn't fall onto the course. I wish they would try it.
Oh well. For me anyway there's always Forza Motorsport to recreate those possible scenes.
macOS guy, but the Windows car looks good.
Man it has to be the 23 car.
Seriously though that 23 car brings out a caution regardless of who drives it.
The abuse these cars are taking today
Wonder how the tearoffs are to deal with with the wipers on
Guess they finally get to break out the Jimmie Johnson Stage Win package.
Fox at least has a long break to fix that thing
Wonder why they don't use the track map more often like they did back in the day.
Uh oh. Bad news for the 78
I guess if Google Glasses was more successful they could've used that (sort of)
🤔 that Ford logo got smashed into a good spot for viewing
SHR drought over (most likely)
Man what happened to Kasey?
Ouch.
Nice recovery for Dale (&amp; to a lesser extent Danica)
X2
I remember that as well.
Kevin's really making sure that roof is up.
Bye for now Fox. See you'll in February. Next week, NBC until November.
Holla, if you hear me.
Well Joe being there isn't much of a surprise...
Well at least no further sirens for the night.
Could tell its Hollywood.
I'm not going to weaken my opponent because the crowd likes it.
The least physical feud ever Edit: spoke too soon
Sure would be interesting to see what that camera guy is seeing
Vintage Goldust
❓❓
What the hell am I watching?
First N-word dropped since VKM
3/4 of the Social Outcasts
Independent wrestler
Think it's the 2nd time in recent memory a team high on crowd reaction is killed off.
Well this is gonna be awkward
I knew it.
Not me!
Nice.
Could tell basketball celebs were there earlier. Never heard so much shoe squeals
I knew it. My client/prospect ain't gonna fight
Convenient. Last week before Great Balls of Fire &amp; they head to where the Great Ball of Fire has produced a lot of heat.
Well damn.
Probably one happy Little Miss Bliss
Ah yes finally caught up. Just in time for the SDLWC match
Wonder how well Lana could keep her accent in the match. Guess we'll see next time...
Money money... yeah yeah money money... yeah yeah
SDL's Elias.
Well she could interfere but if she grabs the case it wouldn't do her any good since she's not a competitor.
Sort of a shame about the Vaudevillans. Thought that was a cool gimmick.
Damn, Aiden doesn't matter that much that we don't get to see his RKO
I have a feeling someone else is gonna show up...
Ok, not the someone I thought but I guess I was sort of right.
Wait... it's not gonna be...
It is!
Sigh the lost opportunity, a triple threat with these 3...
I don't know how I feel that Stone Cold's ATV(?) is highlighted rather than say his vest
The main event...
Shame he wasn't around for his 15th anniversary. Watched the match earlier. What little we knew then.
Have heard praise for how well he sells injury/pain.
Still can't take Natalya seriously with her hair.
I see they did the same thing with Carmella's music that they did with Kurt Angle's music (before he left). Cut out dead spot/crowd chant opportunity.
Wow. That's a new one!
Dang girl
Oh jeez
Well can't really complain this time.
Her theme music says it all
I like 👍🏼
Chances are still slim of this happening, but seeing how #NASCARThrowback is trending, shows at least some good interest in watching old NASCAR races.
NBC (when they saw FOX debut the camera last week): Damn it! (or so I thought)
Missed the NASCAR on NBC theme.
If Dale Jr. doesn't win the pole at least he won a poll.
Looking good so far
