Do this for yourself. Then teach your kids to do this for themselves.
So
A needle pulling thread.
I think that archeologists in the future will know how to click the link and read.
Not too many beaches here. ;)
While the statement is not incorrect, it is misleading by implying that it is unique to bald eagles. Other birds do this too.
Hippocryt - you voted for Obama without seeing his ;)
Just a little more patience is required
I believe that in winter months ceiling fans should spin one way, and in summer months the other way around. In the southern hemisphere it's just the opposite.
Just be certain to use the correct amount of spice - it can be lethal when done incorrectly.
Was subtly implying that you change the direction in winter months, but winter is in different months depending on your hemisphere.
Thanks for pointing that out /s
Photographer - insisted nobody else takes ANY pictures during the ceremony, including pointing fingers in guests faces to get them to stop.
I'm trying to make a reasonable decision about this topic, but I can't help wondering how many lobbyists are posting in this thread (and do I trust their statements to help guide my opinion?)
Nothing. Doing something to make you feel cool is a false sense of coolness - it's an attempt to fit in. Be who you are, respect yourself, and if others don't accept you that way, then find new friends.
Difficult to get born this way.
To fit into my skinny jeans.
&gt; cougars You talking about his wife?
It's so hot.!
Bowel
Now I have another reason to travel across the pond.
You out there feeding Ogopogo?
Cats in the cradle - Harry Chapin
Great igredients.
Regularly. Dreams are a time travel mechanism - pay attention to them so you can be adequately prepared. Distinguishing time travel dreams from the soap operas and cartoons is the real challenge. Edit: how else do you explain deja vu?
PSA - should be done by OP
I started reading that on a recent south west flight (free to read from their in flight library over wifi). Very interesting book, about to get that from my local library.
Tallahassee
Nice, his website still says 145. "Homes for the Holidays (HFTH) has made homeownership more affordable for 145 single parents and over 380 dependents since 1997."
Wonderful!
If Cozumel is your port please be aware that you'll need to take a ferry to the mainland and back. If your tour gets delayed for whatever reason and you don't get back on time, on a private tour there is a great risk of getting left behind by the cruise line. There was a recent nightmare of a story on here by a couple of what it ended up costing them. It's a gamble. Edit: link: https://m.reddit.com/r/Cruise/comments/3vsy9u/cruise_left_without_us_we_did_everything_we_could/
That's in poor taste.
Well done
Call Jack Bauer and tell him, "they are at it again"
Consistency in discipline and rewards. Edit: note that this helps to raise good children, but not so good adults.
CAG picked up ref whistle - really loud.
Reply, thanks, I don't do chemistry anymore (obviously, maybe this is why)
The wide ones are more widely used (like your mother).
Just as long as you know the real word is plumbum.
You have a fixation. At least it's hard as rock.
No, bulldogs get cuter when they are angry. Definitely bulldogs here.
100 pennies. Edit: (USA) but you need to buy them at a place that deals in bulk.
Say nothing, only do this: https://33.media.tumblr.com/068a1bfef9307bf0f4a2b9e427783c9b/tumblr_inline_n39bvlQ8fu1sy58sb.gif
I don't know for certain, but I think you are asking the wrong crowd if they've heard of reddit or not.
Get out of the house and get some excercise.
By caring about the customer, and looking at the job function from the manager's and owner's perspective.
By running it through the card reader.
Popcorn, reheat, and hot pocket (because hot pockets are NEVER the right temperature for me)
Then stop reading it. You must be in the market of giving advice - the truth hurts.
The window treatment industry. You know, blinds, curtains, and shades.
Nobody will be sorting his tattoo. However, I do agree with you in the use of that date format when coding.
Thank you - I couldn't tell much from that psychedelic cartoon.
Alrighty then.
I didn't recognize your number. Next time let me know who you are (especially if you have a new phone that won't be in my contacts)
Sushi.
Thanks for the genuine show of sympathy.
I think they get a day at sea, and they get to keep their lives. Edit: I would hope they get refunded the port fees that weren't used.
Christians have the same challenge. Unfortunately wherever you have people you also have orifices.
Just not everyday. Once is enough.
I could be motivated to stop saying that. Tell you what ... on my next one I won't say it. I could even be motivated to edit this one out.
I know nothing. Just leaving room for the unknown.
I understand you may not be near a computer to google, or have a smart phone with search capabilities, so I'll leave you with this: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=crackalackin Click that link when you get connected to the internet.
2:30 am telephone call, from Hillary Clinton, a campaign call 4 years ago, which was sped up so that it wouldn't take a long. She sounded almost like Minnie Mouse. But a phone call at that time of day - the mind always thinks the worst news.
Not without having booked a cabin.
Something is wrong with your sofa. Where are all the beak prints?
She stepped on a crack. Edit: Yes, I do realize there is a slope there causing her ankle to turn.
So then we have a solution - domesticate them ALL and put them in cages, that'll show them (sarcasm)
Some people are going to have a really hard time with this (understatement)
You must be looking for people to say "Reddit"
That brings tears to my eyes.
I think it would be bloody good for all the narcissists to know that "hardly anybody is thinking of you except YOU." Everyone else has more important things to think about.
Or sentences that start with "So."
Our avian vet told us if our birds ever do that to get them to her asap so she can give a shot of calcium supplements. Apparently most bird diets (we do mostly pellets) are not high enough and it could lead to complications.
Oh, I know. Lots of great communities near there that are more affordable. No way I'd consider buying a house in Boulder. The weather and outdoor activities there are amazing (even in winter).
I hope she shaved too.
Yeah, take your elephant for a walk around the neighborhood, and push a wheelbarrow and carry a shovel to clean up. No thanks. You know that sometimes they through poop with their trunks, right? I ain't cleaning up after a pet like that, or load it up in the car to take it to the vet, to be neutered or for shots. And no way to go on vacation, because who can you get to care for your friend while you're out? Cute idea, but not for me. I'm sure my wife would be first in line to get one though.
Exactly. His computer listens and he basically said "file, new universe, defined the array sizes, and started drawing things"
He was male because he had a choice - He didn't want to deal with menstrual cycles, or menapause. Really, if you had a choice wouldn't you want to pee standing up?
LED or incandescent?
Well it ticked my grandfather off to go liberate France while his french buddies sat at home. I had no idea the French hated their french motherland so much. Thanks for clarifying.
An almost empty roll of toilet paper.
They are as capable of opening my mail as I am.
K Edit: I didn't see the "r" in your name until after I posted (morning eyes)
There's a picture of one being made here: http://m.imgur.com/gallery/ddD35/new
I believe you can get 20-25 mbps from centurylink througn nettally. They are great to deal with. Don't expect much of an upload speed from DSL though, but perhaps you won't need that. Not many choices here. I used nettally for 15 years. Happy happy happy. Switched to comcast last month. Already had 6 outages and have talked to staff more times than I talked to nettally in 5 years time.
Don't forget to add an IOmega zipdisk drive.
https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1350&amp;dat=19620312&amp;id=hcROAAAAIBAJ&amp;sjid=MAEEAAAAIBAJ&amp;pg=2107,1378853&amp;hl=en
I'm glad you clarified that - when I read the title I thought you wanted to listen to a book that was different from the one you were reading.
... and I often get my apostrophes correct too!
As a Canadian, I'm sorry for the excessive apologies in this thread.
It's also used for Mickey mouse cartoons.
No, Jews use piglets. Southern Baptists usually use fried chicken, Roman catholics do fish, and Hindi throw cows. Raw chicken is Anglican.
2 : Bert and Ernie
Good timing
Examine the code in the clock app, because it has a bug. Edit: if it turns out to be a feature then find a way to exploit it
"You deserve a break today" is not a slogun from Hardee's or Carl's.
Great hang time
The DNC did more damage to the election and democracy than Russia.
That's some fast mud slingin'
That's great, my birds don't let me put hats on them. Not even with MS Paint.
Well, your team lost, so we don't really expect you to be extatic.
I'll take "Gay Bars in Orlando" for $1000, Alex.
Yeah, it seems that the fans sit so much farther away. I hope they don't charge the same crazy rates to sit outside in another county.
In a teenage son's special sock.
... but do Canadians have a 4th of July?
TIL dogs got thumbs
Me either, the strings are too close together for my fat fingers.
Why would you want 2 rows of teeth? Or maybe you didn't take care of your grown up teeth, like a grown up should?
Don't ruin my memory of this - I'm definitely not going back.
When this is answered I'd like for someone to comment on the differences between the middle class and the working class. From my perspective it's the working class where these troubles are occurring.
Looks like a Mercury capsule. http://historicspacecraft.com/Photos/Spacecraft/Mercury_MA7_CMSI_RK_2008_1.jpg
He might be bald already
I did not see it either, but it doesn't mean s/he has hair.
So if cats are already there, then why is the internet needed? (The internet is mainly a cat picture delivery service)
That would be one radioactive banana! It might turn into a superhero.
I don't recall saying they weren't radioactive. You should get off reddit and get some sleep.
LOL. Being in IT I know what that sub is all about, and quite enjoy it, but would never mention the name to a non redditor.
How's he tie that rag on?
That is NOT the stairway to heaven!
People and chimps can learn things to apear to be civilized, but sometimes you just never know when they're going to do something unexpected.
Just what I need - more appliances that refuse to let me use them because they are busy getting security updates. Or popup advertisements when all I really need is my toast to pop up.
... and a smile
I like the way your clothes hang from your shoulders. Edit: I see the shadow of your head, you have really broad shoulders.
Make it optional, I really don't want to know how much of my life is here.
It would certainly give new meaning to "bags under your eyes"
Laying down on the job
How about the mule train to the floor of the grand canyon? http://insider.si.edu/2016/08/grand-canyon-u-s-postal-service-still-delivers-mail-mule/
Does that start WWIII?
Hillary didn't win it either. Edit: she old, but not that old
An elephant never forgets (the smell, looks, or sounds of a Maasai man with a spear).
David Suzuki once proposed a finger above the upper lip to make it easier to pick your nose.
Q. What's brown and fast? A. Ussain Bolt Edit: yeah, I screwed that one up
We ARE taking about Alaska. This isn't out of the ordinary for places that far north. Where I grew up schools were still open at 40 below, your bus not be running that day, but school was open.
Shirt, sweater, good coat, hat, gloves. Edit: pants of some sort, definitely need to wear them. Jeans are usually just fine, long underwear if it's early in the season and aren't used to the cold yet (or you have on your skinny jeans)
That sounds wonderful. Good solution.
Care Bears in Space
BUC-EE's!!!! I have heard so much but not been to Texas to enjoy yet.
That must be what we sound like to them. Blah blah blah blah blah.
Get out of my office.
Contact the buyer, ask them to pay the bill and sign the document, or you report your property stolen.
I had hoped there was a direct link to the chart.
This pops up every so often and I believe the concensus is this image is shopped to enhance the colors. Edit: 2 years ago the following was posted (still haven't learned how to post links to comments of other threads): An unedited version for those wondering http://s.imwx.com/dru/2013/07/729dfde9-ac05-4efa-a760-f3e454a1a0ef_650x366.jpg
I think you are a despicable product of your dysfunctional despicable family.
About half of us are. The other half are so confused they have to ask complete strangers on the internet about everything.
Some would rather not go to work when they are hoping to sit at home and have the government give them a living wage.
I came here to say that quote. It is so true and I've seen it time and time again. Managers should be getting rid of the people who under perform, but guess what ... that means more work for the manager (to get rid of someone).
[The argument clinic](https://youtu.be/kQFKtI6gn9Y)
A common approach is called Reverse Polish Notation [RPN](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Polish_notation)
And ... What does NASA stand for? Need Another Seven Astronauts
Awesome. For me this is still urban legend. How can I say "a stranger on the internet had a sister who says it's real"? But I still upvote you. :)
"What are you going to tell your dad?"
Rain tracks
Sarcasm is lost on both of you. Hair is one of the traits of mammals, of which birds are not. It does not mean that baby birds are not hairless though.
Why not both?
You neglected to mention that dinosaurs are extinct.
Disappointed in gif motion. net - I didn't detect any motion (I know that gif doesn't imply motion, but the site name kind of did).
Refrain from playing the "this little piggy" game.
The point of taxes is for all to fund the government, not "please find someone who can use the money I worked so hard for."
Maybe the early 1400s.
Diseases can transmit between birds and humans. Some are fatal to each other. In addition, there are 2 broad categories of bacteria: gram-positive and gram-negative. Humans typically have immune responses to both g+ &amp; g- bacteria. Most birds (I think except vultures) can only deal with one kind of bacteria (I don't recall if it's g+ or g-, sorry, programmer here, not avian vet). This is one reason why you should never give your bird any food which has been in your mouth. You can protect her by washing before handling her. Also, moisturize. Cracks in our skin can harbor bacteria and present opportunities to infect.
Thanks for the bright idea, will edit to clarify.
Are you feeling down, dude? Come eat our comfort food.
Just go find a crime you can't quite pull off.
Can you imagine guards stepping on a d4? Edit: worse than Legos
Nah, he's just giving you the stink eye.
Upvoted because you're in Dallas and spell color (American spelling) with a "u."
Good use of this meme!!!
I see an alien about to take a whiz.
He's okay, nothing to see here, back to sleep.
He believes he can soar
If that doesn't work then try defrosting in the microwave.
BHO was half white
From anti-gun but peace loving Americans?
Can you tell me what is so itchy in my left ear? Edit: Like, if it's a bug then tell me and we'll go to the doctor, but if it's wax tell me where to twist the q-tip so I stop jamming your head in there.
If you are having trouble notifying the customer that you're not entering the yard, please send him a letter.
Is the garage door reinforced?
Time for that "hot tub in garage" project ;)
Anyone want to comment on what is actually going on at this time? Is the national anthem playing?
I can't tell if they're dangling or if this is just a civilians attempt at attention. Edit: and by "civilian" I mean someone who's not been trained by the military. I recognize that the commander in chief might not be civilian.
Are they only on the ridges of the fingertip? Or is that just where the light catches the sweat best?
Ruffles got ridges. TIL Ruffles have fingers.
Let her out of the bag and she ends up a basket case.
He's evolving into an electric eel
At birth, water accounts for approximately 80 percent of an infant’s body weight. Skin is 64% water. Thanks for subscribing to water facts. 71% of the Earth's surface is water. The total amount of water on the earth is about 326 million cubic miles of water A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds; a cubic foot of water weighs 62.4 pounds. An inch of water covering one acre (27,154 gallons) weighs 113 tons.
Okay, you just woke up - does that mean you wouldn't have voted for Hillary if you had it all over to do again?
Do you know if they have small scraps too? (Like 1"x1")
Since the claim is "I was born this way", from an evolution perspective your stance is logical and best for the survival of the species.
Just like the actors Soros hired for the riots.
Distract &amp; Deceive.
This was tongue in cheek, and I'm not saying I believe any of these sources, but a quick google search turned up these and many more: http://thefreethoughtproject.com/soros-funding-hiring-anti-trump-protesters/ http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/11/heres-proof-soros-money-funding-anti-trump-leftist-protest-riots/ http://truthfeed.com/breaking-bitter-soros-hiring-team-of-full-time-anti-trump-rioters-to-wreak-havok-in-america/35093/ With so much misinformation out there, who really knows what to believe. We're inclined to believe what we want to, and discount those we don't like for whatever reason.
For that, you deserve a good paddling.
Sorry, as a mathematician and programmer I live in parentheses.
It's okay because I wear a bandana on my bald head.
Thanks for your thoughtful reply. I'll have to review it more closely to learn what you are saying when I have a little more time. Edit: not sure why you're getting downvoted, not from me. Just want to understand more fully.
I don't think this was originally a programmer humor joke, but you managed to turn it that way.
Fri 1/27 Goodwood Plantation Pigmania [Pigmania 2017 Tickets, 6pm](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.eventbrite.com/e/pigmania-2017-tickets-30405143603/amp)
Is that one band, or two?
Can they also help with net neutrality?
Yes. I've seen an attendant get raked over the coals by a customer who couldn't manage the gas pump by himself. Some people suck.
Some say it's still going up.
All (not just science) news should be scrutinized in this new climate (pun intended). I don't mean just since the election, but that false news (and strongly biased news) has been around for a while, and we are letting it divide us.
For a dead person you sure talk a lot. You should be concentrating on developing a firm rigormortis.
If he had dodged that bullet he wouldn't have gotten lead poisoning.
I think you made a hollow point.
People with the flu should *STAY* *HOME* and avoid *EVERYONE* !!!
Please explain why. Have a RC cruise there in a few months and looking for something worthwhile to do. Done Dunns River Falls and Ocho Rios, and a day on the beach at a resort. What makes this place your favorite? (I'm currently not too excited about this port).
Any guesses on whose would spin the fastest? My bet is on Obama's.
Would that be a yellow bus? Golden maybe?
Your mother
When life gives you melons make melonade.
Doesn't that run the risk of creating some new supervillian? One who shoots fire and lava and can use his/her magnetic powers.
Ground breaking news - yeah those little toothpick legs would poke holes in the dirt.
It's not unknown, someone put in stairs, they know.
Pretty bird.
Her plank fail
I believe you are stating this from a western perspective of religion or from your religion.
I think you're confusing it with Giffy peanut butter.
He who oppresses the poor to increase his riches, And he who gives to the rich, will surely come to poverty. Proverbs 22:16 NKJV
Education can take you to new heights.
Oh no you katy didn't!
My feelings are that (without a specific imminent threat) those that left and had return trips planned/booked should be allowed back in. There should have been an advertised effective date where those with valid visas (especially green cards) could have returned (even if under heightened scrutiny if they just wanted to be safe).
Perhaps the poverty they are rewarded with is poverty of the spirit.
He's so cute. I just want to swing him by his little tail and see how far I can chuck him.
Ha, that's what you think, daily I run these stairs.
And THAT'S even with building that wall on their southern border.
Interesting response. I don't think the [Dingus tree ](http://www.dphotographer.co.uk/image/290422/the_dingus_tree) is indigenous to Israel, but I'm quite certain wood is used in wall building, even if just for the form of those concrete walls.
No, you didn't miss anything. My phone decided to spell check "Gaunches" and made it haunches. _I_ missed that.
The list of unique names is getting so watered down.
Is there something wrong with just using cats?
They always land on their feet, they can swim ... they're reusable.
I bet he don't work there no mo.
Solitaire &amp; mine sweeper.
I loved the end.
What you see here are the two temperatures of my shower.
5 stacks of $100 bills
Card catalog in a library
Mother Goose displays her disgust with what has become of The Walt Disney Company.
Wrap you up in toilet paper and then pee on you.
We would go from either a hand or dowel rod directly to the scale and they got used to it. I've also seen people whose scales had a built in perch, or a perch attachment.
And shoots bamboo from his ears.
I though eclipse were for Sims characters.
And this is how we got weather satellites: Hey George, ever notice how these ship tracking satellites also show weather patterns? I wonder if we could get more funding if we sold this as an atmospheric thing.
Thanks for reminding me that I'm a glorified slave.
You must have quite an ego to think you are so memorable that people sit around thinking, "I bet shade114 slipped into obscurity"
Oh, I thought that was the dancer's name.
Rabids have short puffy tails and long ears.
Chinese websites are known to persist session data in cookies.
Define "here"
I've never had an actor escort me to one of his own movies.
Wow - passing a comet could do that to you. Asteroids too!
So simply by taking this shaft you can go from eating dog to guinea pigs in the same day!
Dude, don't try suicide by crucifix - you can never get in the last nail.
That has to be a security nightmare. Probably lots of people wanting to get in there and take potshots.
Last week we were on starboard side, 8th floor, forward, loved the balcony, was quiet. Look for rooms not near rooms that adjoin others (could be a sign of parents with kids), and rooms away from main walkways/stairs/elevators (can have late or early traffic that could be noisy).
I'm not sure I quite understand why, but I'm hiring a big guy to carry around my cash in a large cooled cylinder.
Is there footage from the drone?
Flat as a board though
This article is 5 years old, any reports on the success or failure of this?
Brazil does not have a monopoly on that.
You're going to be a father.
They do if you don't mind a months worth of left overs.
Happy Days - what happened to Ritchie's older brother? His name was Chuck.
It bothers me that it says: C;\&gt; instead of C:\&gt;
It's an upper case O. DOS: Disk Operating System. DoS usually refers to a network attack: Denial of Service. There is also DDoS: Distributed Denial of Service.
I want to hear grandpa's thoughts. I think I managed to make it look like an accident, that little twerp.
If you had a CD drive then chances are high that you'd be booting up to a hard drive.
Yes, and just so those Europeans can understand, USA is bigger than just one little timezone like most freedom-less countries are confined to. China only has 1. Note: countries like France really only have 1 timezone, but claim 12 from all the little territories they still hold.
My life was saved by a [Jello pudding-pop](http://www.inthe80s.com/food/images/user-image-1368922457_thumb.jpg)
Nobody get confused by Russia though, they are mimicking freedom.
[Car museum](https://tacm.com) Here's someone's [video](https://youtu.be/h87UTcCKfAg) of visiting.
It's all set to Beijing time.
It's all relative, bro.
Their government says this is to be expected.
&gt; ... a title insurance policy ... &gt; Manning opted for the insurance, but when the trouble started he discovered the policy only protected the lender. And this is what I hate about banks. In the states (can't speak for Canada as I never owned a house there) we also get to (forced to when equity is less than 20%) purchase mortgage insurance too to help the lender if we default.
Great birds! But have you seen them poop?!? I have enough to clean already, thank you very much!
That really depends upon the subreddit, the author, the audience, the statement, and the context.
Frozone has been here.
The witch really favored Hansell and Gretle.
When he runs he gets more feet.
Relocate? Seriously though, options here are horrible.
&gt; 58 hockey rinks I'm glad they used a relatable unit of measurement!
Of course you're not alone - you're with mom and dad!
Actually the entire objection was because it had "Chtistmas" in the title.
I know you're simply trolling, but sometimes you just need to realize there are actual events that feed grandmas.
They should call a doctor if it lasts more than four hours.
Can someone put this into perspective by adding some common household fruit
She's lucky there wasn't a truck.
So a mentally unstable person can't have racial motivations.
Did you tell them that you deliver?
All of them are mine. My daughter borrows from friends, but I don't do that.
Powerpoint
Yep, all the snow has finally melted.
The internet runs on the hexadecimal system.
But aren't dogs colorblind?
It's quickly on the way to becoming a new channel for targeted spam. Also, just think how happy the government is to link your digital persona (computer and phone) to your physical address.
With all that room you saved by not taking a tent or sleeping bag, you certainly had room for some bug spray.
He's playing possum
I believe there's an article somewhere.
&gt; one way to try figuring out if you’ve been blessed with stink-free armpits is to consider whether your earwax is uncommonly dry While I am familiar with MY earwax, I'm not familiar with the earwax of my friends, family, coworkers, and others. I wonder if we should make poking our fingers in each others ears part of the common greeting.
The title makes it sound like the Concorde was a much more successful airliner than the SR-71. And, I suppose, it was. (but the blackbird was a much more successful spy plane)
It seems that either step could help identify the gene, but, if we do as you suggest, BOTH, then perhaps we could identify an even rarer variation - those who don't stink but who have wet earwax.
We could probably just call it "the poke and sniff"
And the third trip.
This should motivate us to rise against those yappy ankle biting dogs
If they would just keep their mouths shut they could pass the chicken over the counter quicker. And then we can eat the food while it's still hot.
So, they spray in your face?
A noose.
Yes, I am quite familiar with the coriolis effect.
When I read "Start" I think "play the movie from the beginning" When I read "10:38:57" I think "that's the time in the evening to do the previous thing" I have no idea how you read this.
He had a hard stop to that dream
That's between me and my wife, and none of your business.
How does he know his button works?
Article is from 4/16/2014.
Smile like Shaq when you wiggle wiggle.
I love this comment: &gt; Pretty sure that means he also tried to give Jumbo a gonchie pull too I've been living in Florida a long time now, but not so long that I forgot what a gonchie pull is. Thanks for the reminder.
Especially the alpha penguin.
Both lids are up, and both seats are down. You can afford to leave one seat up.
The rings of Saturn
Curious - why does "her's" get an apostrophe but "his" does not?
Humans fail the mirror self-awareness test.
And this was the last thing this person recorded.
That's so cute. Our CAG does that and if you don't start ordering in time she bites hard. She's such a little bipolar toddler on crack.
At one time mirrors above the bed was a thing. Not my thing, but it was a thing. I don't recall anyone complaining about waking up to themselves being a problem.
You guys are acting like a couple of flakes
The grey line is called smugness
Taking a dirt nap
Dogs have a great sense of smell and I'd be surprised if they couldn't. However cats are actually better with their cat scans.
Alien pen pals will become a thing.
It depends upon the food. If it's Ethiopian and we're all sharing the same bowl I quit and never eat with you again. If it's Cheetos and we're not sharing, and you wash before you touch anything else, I don't care.
Thanks OP ... now you've made me an accomplice.
I was joking, but I do have a Jamaica jersey.
Even if you gotta control everything from a stick in your mouth?
Probably MOST cats. We don't deserve Maru though.
Jib: The jib of a sailing ship is a triangular sail set between the foretopmast head and the jib boom. Some ships had more than one jib sail. Each country had its own style of sail and so the nationality of a sailing ship, and a sailor's consequent opinion of it, could be determined from the jib.[Source](https://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/cut-of-your-jib.html) Expression: A far classier version of "i like your style", originally used by pirates in the 17th century the expression refers to the forward sail on most ships. The course and speed of a ship is determined by the cut of the ships jib so saying that you like the cut of someones jib is a way of saying, i like the way you're heading. [Source](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=I%20like%20the%20cut%20of%20your%20Jib)
They should call it the Smart-Ass.
Thanks. OPs link was slow to load, and then only played the ad.
Now we know why they can't stay in their lane.
Just remember when opening your candy on Easter - not all are like you. Edit: I'm going to mold chocolate Ex-lax into egg shaped candies, wrap them in foil, and leave them in a bowl on my desk at work. Edit 2: then I'm going to pee on all the rolls of toilet paper.
So is the cheese
I must admit that I downvoted your first post, but laughed at this one and upvoted it. So it's a wash.
Cutting employees reduces quality of service. Cutting hours might as well, but also drives employees to look for other work. If you're only getting 32 hours of work, could you make ends meet if you were cut to 25 hours? What would you do?
Like it would be figured out. Take a chill pill, tis but a joke.
Howl greets owl.
They have left handed scissors.
TIL alligators are autistic
So we can see his cute little curly tail
They should be fairly easy to make, and customize to your window size. What else are you going to do the next 2 months? ;)
Hawaii 5-0
Because upvotes and gold are extremely valuable.
This is a good way to get hurt. Put detergent in the toilet bowl, add cat, close lid, sit on lid and flush. Wait for the tank to refill and flush again to rinse. Open the door, lift the lid and get out of the way.
If he didn't cost anything then you should have taken it home.
Height isn't an actionable item. Weight is. Height isn't unhealthy. Weight can be
Halitosis check
Fifteen inches! https://www.express.co.uk/news/world/901733/Sahara-Desert-snow-Ain-Sefra-Algeria-pictures-photos
You got hairy waffles.
Becuase
She took the the high out of that high definition tv.
And you could watch two episodes in a half hour, or the writers would have to actually write a little bit more than the number of lines in 6 commercials. I'm not taking about pharmaceutical commercials, because those are crammed full of symptoms and side effects, just average commercials.
The baseball coach.
What's the difference between a seagull and a baby? A seagull flits on the shore.
When my kids finished high school
The green bean isn't finished evolving into modern day M&amp;M
It could be reasonable if KIDS weren't allowed to serve themselves. And if you cough or sneeze into your hands, or lick your fingers then you're a kid.
Tissue, cough into your elbow. Sanitize is an improvement, but you're not there yet, kid.
And these things come with "auto update as a default" so there's little maintenance to do and most updated when the patch was available.
I didn't measure it. I saw other links claiming 18 inches. Perhaps their camels got stuck and they couldn't get pictures of the deepest snow.
Kevin was pretty good in Home Alone 2 with those bricks - it seems even a kid can do it.
But did he get it?
Thanks. I will keep this in mind as we plan our touring.
1. USA (where I live) 2. The Bahamas 3. Turks and Caicos Islands (UK Territory) 4. Jamaica 5. Cayman Islands (UK Territory) 6. Mexico 7. Puerto Rico (US Territory) 8. Canada 9. Sint Maarten (Constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands) 10. Saint Martin (French Territory) 11. St. Thomas (US Virgin Islands) 12. Haiti Edit: thanks to u/VirusMaster3072 for having been to most of my destinations, made copy/pasta easy work for me
I wish I could give you more than one up vote, or regift my current gold to you. That was a surprise and by far my favorite thing found on Reddit this year. Thanks!!!
Wooden you think they could just leave stuff alone?
Yo, 'sup dog?
Looking down on the catwalk of death
They aren't cleaned with Windex. They use a generic window cleaner. /s
So much better all around, though I use dashes
The white car pulling off the road is where the tire came from. The motorcycle fell over because it was two tired.
Except it seems someone talked
It would seem so.
Maybe it's his lucky shirt.
And isn't cleaning also her department? She's gotta clean up that mess too.
Meet who?
&gt; the Loobot can supposedly be controlled with your mind With a name like that I'd hope it could read my thought to "wipe my butt"
Spaghetti
I'm certain that putting those strong chemicals right next to the nostrils was a good idea.
Bar-bird.
He is Polish
Their forked tongues can also pick locks.
And some mustard on that sandwich
This happens to my phone quite often.
Me, my citizenship would certainly prevent me.
I find it interesting that it was phrased as "reproductive rights" which would imply one has the right to reproduce. Why can it not be named clearly?
Wow, that's nothing to sneeze at.
It takes one to know one.
Do pass GO!
&gt; the rest Wait, what? There's more wrong here? ;)
Is he the one in the dunce cap?
Not here. He can only get arrows, up or down.
Your boss watches you like a hawk.
Things like that stir-fry my butt.
Quietly? Is the launcher using stealth mode or something?
Mexico
You'd better be careful where you sit.
Chalk outlines on the sidewalk.
Just looking for exceptions to the law from that Newton fellow
Yes son, and they'll return - it's chicken tonight!
If you're going to spell it "geuss" then you need to phrase your post with a simple rhyme and meter, just as Seuss would do.
And those picky kids didn't buy it so have no skin in the game: they don't want any slice if it has one tiny spot harder than the other - like, mummy can you cut the crust off please? When I was a kid we were lucky to get an end piece, even if it had mold, because it meant we were eating. And it was up hill, both ways!
If you'd stop giving your hotdog buns to the birds you could use the heels for sandwiches.
I edited mine too. Reread the article to where they say the true cost to the employer.
The wild parrots of telegraph hill?
H
I couldn't resist the smart alec answer first, but to attempt to answer your question (not an expert or scholar) ... very little of Joseph the step-father of Jesus in the Bible. The time of His birth, then escape to Egypt, and then when Jesus was 12 and they took a trip to Jerusalem. Other than that I don't think much of anything else appears.
I don't imagine he would like to be called a semicolon either.
What we need now is someone to compile gifs of all those scenes and put the links together in one place, or if that had been done post a like to that page.
Kraft Dinner / Mac &amp; Cheese
Owl feathers. Like nobody would take a selfie on train tracks? /s Edit: rereading my comment and realized it needed to be said in Shaggy's voice: Like nobody would take a selfie on train tracks, Scoob!
Yes, but I'd prefer the backspace to get rid of them entirely.
I can see why you called him that.
I think I'd be wearing cammo too so that I couldn't be seen.
Could have called him Eli (Book of Eli)
No regerts!
... because el gato ?
Many tsunami watches being cancelled.
You too
It's sounds like you should start the PEWS (Parrot Early Warning System) and SCRITCHES (tSunami Creatures Reacting In The Care of Humans for Every Situation) organizations.
&gt; our tree Christmas tree?
Maybe because you don't eat with your readers?
Evolving skiis for the winter.
That looks like a gas!
Tide pods.
Good luck with that
So you're saying the "I have a weapon" deterrent factor works with you.
Celebrity? I thought OP said Carnival.
The saying is "let sleeping dogs lie." It doesn't say anything about cats.
He doesn't see it coming or going, I wonder if he has cataracts.
That's a big splash for a professional.
And some people might injure themselves trying to get away.
But they'll make the dash on your tombstone slightly longer to compensate.
Ahhhhhhhh. My retinas!!!!
Yes, because robots don't need the salary they draw - what would they spend it on?
There are places I want to live, and places I do not want to live. Will UBI allow me to live where I want to live, our will I be forced to live in government supplied housing in the slums that I can never get out of? Will this further deepen the divide between the haves and the have nots?
So they'd do away with government housing assistance? What about food stamps? What about government healthcare?
Undoubtedly
Go back to Tide pods people, your chances are better than playing with loaded guns.
Maintenance procedures (aka healthcare)
Something went thong
It's how you communicate with Chinese waiters, duh!
Tattoos of regret
Google
Well that throws all my math off. Now I think I'm another year older.
Is this the final plan?
Rectum? Damn near killed him!
Is it a stuffed dinosaur? I think it's a TryStairsToTop.
Thanks, I hope to, some day. My youngest is 20.
It's a skimmer snake.
To help drain and rinse someone else's toilet.
You know what really burns my butt?
Cat burglar
I think no longer eating other people's faces would be a good start.
But he shook with his left hand, how sinister.
Exactly. When you think government do you think efficiency? I want the internet to work, but I'm not sure I trust most ISPs without net neutrality, and I'm not sure if trust the government. It sounds like I have trust issues.
I suspect they don't think about it. Did you ever notice that when you tilt your head to the left or right that your eyeballs rotate to keep the top upright?
This just leaves one breathless.
Did they bring pies?
Girth
A smart phone solves both of those problems (clock and gps)
Fashion.
Great laugh.
The ABBA movie?
I could just lose myself out there.
Tire rotator for miscarriages.
Oh, so sad for you. Sending you scritches. What happened?
Oh yeah, you're taking about the one with Pierce Brosnan.
Allure, Oasis, or Harmony? Edit: purple slide - gotta be Harmony
Maybe they should start with a wall.
I haven't been on the one with the purple people slide.
"I should get a boat"
Perhaps it's a comfort for her. Our macaw sleeps best in her cage. When she gets loud/grumpy, it's often because she's at her perch and doesn't realize she's sleepy, or forgets she can either walk or fly to her cage - when we carry her to her cage she climbs in and takes a nap. Must be something comforting about not having to worry about being attacked from the outside.
If they are a technology race why do we not have symbols for 5 or 7? Since they have 3 fingers per hand, have you considered using base 6? Edit: sorry, didn't realize I was in puzzles, thought it was gaming.
Bill Withers.
So what are you focused on? What's so clear?
He hoards dirt.
The sweepers weren't even trying.
It's making me both hungry, and sitting with my legs crossed.
Was he the wedding singer? Did he song his swan's song?
The bear crossing from Siberia into Alaska.
We're coming ... we're going to make it rain for you.
More of a nightmare for someone just going for their morning walk.
Then get off my internet, you conmie ;)
I would try that, but I'm afraid I'd ruin my ceiling fan, and it would sling water all over my desk and computer, cause a fire and burn my house down.
Thanks. [Link to the wiki](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Tornado)
Cat just needed a place to wash off the litter. Nice of you to offer a warm footwash station.
This
Let's leave my relatives out of this.
I thought the title was pretty much self explanatory.
I don't think I've ever been afraid of the squareroot of negative one, oh negative one.
She has become a bag lady
Build a wall and make Trump pay for it.
Lightning, very very frightening.
