I lost a game against an all-diamond (and legend) team over this bullshit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqfWr0NSYWo It needs to be fixed. Who do we message?
Carew is definitely a 2B
Link to the panel? I haven't seen it
Holy shit that was nearly an all-timer of a game-winner.
What is your basis for Felix going up (aside from owning him, I assume)? He's doing worse than last year, which is what his ratings were based on. The guy's already a 97, just because he's doing well doesn't mean they HAVE to bump him up.
Nice, Ryan is unhittable
Yeah saw on Twitter some people saying the same thing is happening in Fifa, etc. Fuck, frustrating.
Yeah that seems like an anomaly
No he saved Hamilton for the 9th
Is it just me or did "Coming back down the hard way" when Patron knocked Mundo down the stairs remind anyone else of Gorilla Monsoon?
28 stabbed, ZERO dead. Sandy Hook: ??? shot, 27 dead. Do you think that the lack of a gun MAY have made a difference?
I've got 38k, should be able to comfortably buy Cole, Archer and Aroldis (already have Harvey).
One I never see mentioned is Andre Ethier. I just recently replaced him with Michael Brantley but he's a solid, cheap lefthanded bat
Yeah HanRam has gone up in price about 20k
Simpsons
Niekro is ridiculously hard to hit
Either or
Trevor Linden
...the fuck was that inbounds play, Dwayne?
Adam Henrique
&gt; infamous nfl player ever, OJ Simpson much?
I forgot Drain Life even existed. And yeah, I was dead to Siphon Soul + Power Overwhelming, so I didn't BM (I never BM to begin with, but doing it when there's a &gt;0% chance of losing is always dangerous) but beyond that...it was over.
Also I flipped through some seasons on b-r and the most recent team I can find to go sub-95 is the 2003-04 Spurs who posted a 94.1 DRtg
Zoo doesn't run Siphon and no decks run the other two
He's still dead before I am
This is amazing! Great work
Different deck, I was running this one: https://tempostorm.com/hearthstone/decks/midrange-hunter-meta-snapshot-42
Sold him for 60, one right after went for 75 (whoops), market is now 70. Wait 48 hours
You wouldn't happen to have either Backes or Pietrangelo along with Senko would you
Would you lend just Tavares for a 5k tip?
If you can get references I will buy some from you, but without a HUTRep page there's no way in hell I'm going first
Sweet, my first giveaway win! Although damn that MOV Cammy would have gone real nice with my...other MOV Cammy.
Honestly when I saw his comment in your HUTRep was deleted I thought he was just trying to use a fake sale to you to make him seem legitimate. I was wrong, evidently.
I agree, you could even make it a big deal when a guy is going for or holding the title leading up to his breka.
Guys have said in interviews that it is impossible to call those big multi-man matches (especially ones with weapons or whatever) on the fly. It makes sense, 1-on-1 you can communicate with each other, but when there's 6 guys flying around everyone needs to know everything or someone will get hurt.
Confirmed
All of the above? I've been getting shit kicked.
What changes did you make to your defensive style?
I just cracked a TOTW Stafford in a collection pack, where would he fit in? 89-88-87-88-87
That Vermette is going to be really solid
What is the total collat for TB nowadays?
I'm confused, in the trade offer it looks like you are rejecting a Jagr for contract trade?
There's a user here that has that team, I can't think of the name right now but someone played against him and posted a link to the team... https://www.reddit.com/r/NHLHUT/comments/3znp1f/how_to_improve_my_team_with_47mil/ That`s the topic I was thinking of but not the team. There was a pic of a team posted here with MOV Ovy, Crosby, Stamkos, everyone
Do you remember the topic where a guy played against the most stacked team possible? The only thing I remember (oddly enough) is you posting that he could have gone with MOV Webber over MOV Suter (or vice-versa) and that would have been the only way to make the team more expensive.
Stupid question, but if we guess a guy for line 1 and he gets on line 2, does it still count?
Yeah I'm looking at the 85 TOTW Kuzy, I just worry about his overall game.
Spurs have the better SRS (12.41 to 10.73) and on pace for one of the greatest defensive seasons (relative to the league) in history. The gap between 1st (the Spurs) and 2nd in DRtg is equal to the gap between 2nd and 17th. The Warriors have been slightly lucky and the Spurs somewhat unlucky (they're 33-6 and 2-3 in games decided by 3 or less), but they're just two ridiculously amazing teams. If they don't meet in the WCF it will be a shame. They're a combined 40-0 at home. For fuck's sake that's amazing.
You're wrong, if you control the player in the centre solely to stop the cross-crease then that's not "skill zone" or whatever. It's when you sit there and never move the entire game (and never control the defense on the rush, always let the AI play) that it's an ass thing to do.
Yeah I did a google search, he entered one evidently random event. I mean I understand some of the arguments pointing to him being on something but that's a pretty weak one to throw in.
Final score was 2-1, and none of the goals were pretty. The whole third period was pretty much me turtling and hoping for the best.
I'm planning on selling my team for real money and spending that on The Show come February/March
Neither one is expected to get any upgrades and nobody east of Alberta gives a shit about Vancouver so...yeah
* 2 years (and counting), this is pretty cool giveaway * Montreal Canadiens. I'm a Leafs fan from birth so I don't have any other choice here. * I have 2. One is Carey Price, both for his performance back at the Olympics and also for the way he carries himself on and off the rink. My second is PK Subban, I respect a man that can mature and also love his personality off the ice and the work he does with charities. Since I can't afford either of them, I will list Malcolm Subban instead (he's both a goalie AND a Subban, it's like Carey and PK had a kid). TN is Winger's Zingers * I can't skate but I am a pretty good ball hockey player (competitive leagues and tourneys). I'm an undersized defeneman with no shot to speak of but I'm a smart player, terrific passer (if I do say so myself), great hand-eye and a knack for blocking shots. So I guess it'd be something like SKT - 87, SHT - 81, HND - 91, CHK - 82, DEF - 92. I don't know if there's anyone in the game with similar numbers, but I suppose that would make me a DFD and an OVR of 88 (I've got great poise, naturally). * Felix "The Cat" Potvin, circa 92-93. I have no idea how to figure out goalie ratings but he'd have to be a 90 OVR and I would buy as many coins as it took to own him.
Or it's because Wikipedia is fact-based and that listing reads more like a blog post than an encyclopedia entry.
Then why bring up their culture when the EXACT SAME thing happens all the time in North American culture?
First, google "grope" on any porn site and you'll find plenty of NA examples. Second, millions? really? And I'm the stupid one?
You're telling me that rape, sexual assault, gang rape, harassment and dehumanization of women DOESN'T happen in North America?
McDavid is still just an 87, and POTG Draisaitl deserves to be good
I can re-write wikipedia paragraphs as well, but that's not the point I was making. He wouldn't be charged, the police have PR people as well and there's no way they would press charges in this situation. And in Canada it would be dog spray and it's a fairly simple argument to make. "I drive around at night and I got attacked by a wild dog outside a 7/11 once, so now I carry dog spray with me at all times. I felt my life was in danger so I reached for whatever I had, but it was never my intent to use it on another human." Done. I'm not allowed to carry a knife on me as a weapon, but if I'm coming home from the store where I just bought a butcher's knife, you attack me and I stab you with it, it's still self-defense.
Well yeah, this makes sense (depending on the full story). If it was a situation where a stumbling drunk and obviously confused kid broke in and the guy pummeled him, that's still assault.
Yes, but if this driver was Canadian he likely would have had bear spray or dog spray. He wouldn't get charged in this case because a) they wouldn't want to (PR nightmare) and b) all he has to do is say "One time I was waiting to pick up a passenger at night, I stepped out for a smoke and his dog attacked me. So now I carry the dog/bear spray, I never intended to use it on another human but I felt my life was in danger and I reacted." Boom, self-defense.
Well yeah they might charged him with underage drinking and B&amp;E but the other guy still gets assault charges. If I do a line of coke and then I get robbed, the other guy still gets charged as well.
Depends on the situation. For example, drunk in public is a crime.
If you can find a source to back that up I'll cede the point, but I think you're wrong here. Again talking about dog/bear mace (which is legal in Canada to carry), I don't see how it is any different than defending yourself with a baseball bat that you happen to have in you car.
I'm watching but can't figure out how to enter the giveaway? Are people just posting contracts?
It's not that he is pulled more, he's a low rated card that is never quick sold, so he's a common rare (oxymoron) that generally ends up on the market. Happens with Kucherov, Zucc, all the good 85s
lol +/- when one guy is on Detroit and the other is on Edmonton, come on man. Watch them play, McDavid was tremendous.
You can try it, but it's a terrible plan that makes no logical or mathematical sense. He will need another (very unlikely) upgrade just to be equal to OEL, who sells for 50k (PS4). Maybe you'll get one or two suckers to pay 70 or 80k for him, but this is like one of those get-rich-quick schemes from a bat sitcom.
Players are rated by skill. Using an injury to alter that is not how they do it, period
Can't get it because of the POTG
Holy shit, good call on Bourque. 3 points and +3 in his first two games, scored 2 sexy goals in the second one. His hands in tight are ridiculous.
I said multiple times that it wasn't going to work.
The hypocrisy here is amazing
I just sold Larsson (well, traded him with 100k for Bourque) so if he does get TOTW I will be sad.
Why did the Warlock concede against the Mage?
**Selling my entire team** One purchase, one sale. Not looking to break this up, but I will give a good deal (based on overall LPS, in brackets) Team is: Bourque (135k) MOV Cammy (currently 95k) Suter (85k) Kessel (85k) Hedman (60k) Nash (50k) Thornton (28k) Backes (26k) Total LPS of 564k, with a couple guys (Cammy, Kessel) likely undervalued slightly. I've also got ~17k in coin, so let's say 580k total value (or 550k if you plan on selling everyone). Asking **$55 USD** for the whole lot, which works out to **$10/100k** in value based on post-tax LPS
Hell it was 5-on-2.5 at the end, one of the 3 had a broken stick
Kalisto has a concussion, almost guaranteed. That was so sloppy after the botch
How about that? Fuck yeah
Not sure why I'm (again) getting a ton of downvotes for wanting a Charlotte/Becky/Sasha triple threat at WrestleMania, which they seem to be aiming for.
I could go for Owens/Styles at Fastlane/WrestleMania
I thought they would do that, but I'm wondering if they want to go straight Zayn/Owens as a rivalry or if they're going to push Owens/Styles.
Breaking Ground never shows booking or talks about guys "going over"
Not sure if anyone will see this now, but any clue who that was that kissed Rollins on the arm at the end?
Mean Creek, I think
She made a forearm smash a believable finisher in women's wrestling. That says something.
Pretty sure he still counts against the cap, doesn't he? I didn't notice any difference.
No he cleared waivers, and he's basically untradeable. Wish I had thought about it before I started, I would have removed him from the roster. It's already tough to trade because every team in the league maxes out their cap space and their player count. This asshole makes it impossible.
That's not my issue, the problem is him eating up a ton of cap space when in reality he doesn't
As it stands right now, he is not counted against the Leafs' cap. That's why they traded Clarkson for him, more money but no cap space taken up. And where is there a buyout option? I can't find it in the menus anywhere
I'd love to see them debut the Raw BEFORE Mania, if only because it's in Brooklyn and the place will go insane.
This is how bad it is. 2nd year trade deadline, the Red Wings are dead last and Abdelkader (who is making 4.5 or so a year for SEVEN years) is so unhappy his rating is a 78. Seventy fucking eight, and he's asking for a trade (said so in league updates). I offered Horton (5.5 a year for 4 years left), 2017 1st, 2017 2nd, Sharks 2017 2nd and my 2019 1st for Abdelkader, who WANTS to be traded and, despite having a lower AAV, is making more money. Detroit turned it down
Do you realize how little sense what you just said makes? If he only counts against the cap when they're under it, then he doesn't count against the cap, he counts against the floor. The cap only matters when you're at or over the cap, being 10 mil under vs. 15 mil under doesn't matter at all. Also I do understand what you're saying, but for all intents and purposes he doesn't count. https://mapleleafshotstove.com/2015/02/26/the-basics-of-long-term-injury-reserve-as-it-pertains-to-nathan-horton/
Any video of this yet? All I can find is this highlight video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRqdpAzoJBE
The fine print on the release says related to the accident only. Is that good enough?
I just noticed Livingston's blatant grab to prevent the Sixers player from stopping the pass in to Green. He full on grabs his arm and pulls him back
HOW DO YOU MISS JAGRS FUCKING GOAL CBC
You must be a hoot at parties, Mr. Literal
It took some serious math, but it turns out his TS% was 0, too.
I've had shitposts stolen before. I posted on r/torontoraptors about Bruno Caboclo being the first Raptor that was younger than the team itself and then it showed up on the Raptors Republic Twitter like an hour later.
The Steve Martin movie?
0/4 from the field, 0/2 from 3. 1 offensive rebound, 1 defensive rebound, 1 assist, 1 steal, 1 block (who and how?), 1 foul.
Damn, that 1 block (and the 2 missed shots) prevented the 17 trillion, which would have been the highest trillion in NBA history (I assume, I've never seen one at 10+
Hey look, yet another person who couldn't read 112 words!
Well no, because the gap is 15 years, the gap is not 15 years old. That would just be grammatically incorrect.
Don't get mad at me because you completely missed the point. And yeah I'm not "on you" junior, I'm the guy with the epic shitpost.
Nice find. And it makes sense that the block occurred 4 feet off the ground
Thanks I appreciate that
Right now you pay more per capita in health care than we do.
99% of the time they schedule the game based on the home fans. When Golden State plays in Toronto during the regular season, the game starts at 7.
Did you actually read what I wrote? I understand that an 8 p.m. EST start means the West Coast might miss the beginning as they come home from work (as a Jays fan, I dealt with this a lot last postseason), but having games that end at 11:30 on the East Coast isn't exactly ideal either, y'know?
I'm dumb as hell. Thanks.
I am not smart. Thanks.
I saw **+20** the other day on a low rated guy for his contact and power stats. That's nuts
Agreed, as it stands that card with Circle on any type of board is insane
I hemmed and hawed on Archer too long, apparently
Anybody using the xbox app having issues with surround sound not working?
3 hour delay, Gibbons puts him back anyway, 450 foot moonshot on the first pitch
For what it's worth I do find bunting has more risk last year than this. I've popped up (and induced pop ups) far more often and low-rated bunters do push it foul fairly often. With that said, when Yoenis Cespedes reaches 1st on a bunt that he puts on the first base side of the mount because my third baseman is the one to play it...I get a little pissed off.
Larkin was running, I think he's 83/88.
I noticed they hadn't been around much but are they really banned from UFC reffing?
No fault on Osuna at all. Runner on 2nd with nobody out and the heart coming up, that's an insanely tough situation
Holy shit I hate people like you. He was at 95 pitches, had 12 strikeouts with TWO balls that had left the fucking infield. Yeah let's pull that guy.
Anybody who blames Gibbons for this one (either for having Sanchez start the 9th or bringing Osuna in) needs to stop watching baseball. I've already seen a couple posts and if any manager pulled a guy at 94 pitches who had 12 strikeouts, 1 walk, 1 hit and only two balls that even left the fucking infield, he'd be fired the next day. You're an absolute moron if you think Sanchez shouldn't have started the 9th. Just need to put that out there.
You just said they shouldn't have sent him out, now you're saying you didn't want him pulled? And saving his arm, one inning when he's at **94** pitches isn't going to make a difference. And those great hitters are the same guys he had owned the entire game. Just stop, anyone trying to blame anything but the putrid offense and a little bad luck on the Iglesias hit is wrong.
**94 PITCHES**. He was at NINETY FUCKING FOUR pitches when the inning starter. And the first guy muscled a weak single. He had allowed 2 balls to leave the infield all game (3 counting that weak ass single). You're like one of those idiots at the poker table lamenting that you folded 2-7 because the flop came down 7-7-2. You don't pull your stud because he gives up a weak single in the 9th when he's been cruising, especially when your bullpen is a dumpster fire.
Who would you rather have facing the heart of the order, Sanchez (he of 12 Ks, 2 hits, 0 hard hit balls since the 3rd) or our spectacular bullpen?
Do or die with the out, just like...every other play in baseball? Don't call me a moron because you suck at using statements properly. And saying a terrible decision was terrible is not hindsight, it's just logic
Yeah I stopped doing that when a guy hit a high curveball 460 feet off me.
Maybe he would finally learn his fucking lesson. It's like dealing with a toddler that keeps biting, sometimes you need to bite the child to show him that it hurts.
Also if this was made similar to Top 2 where you could choose 7 legendaries, I wonder what the best set would be?
My only theory so far is that with 2nd and 3rd they are more likely to pitch around a big bat to load the bases, whereas with 1st and 3rd they won't.
The best for this (in a good way) will always be All in the Family. Archie Bunker was racist, sexist, etc. but he was always proven to be in the wrong. That's what made the Sammy Davis Jr. moment so iconic
He also made jokes about a 9 year old who was abducted and murdered https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disappearance_of_C%C3%A9drika_Provencher
You need all the 25s and one 40 (unconfirmed), not one per division
1,000 guys with identical perfect rosters would be enough to be noticeable. If it's just the 20-30k in stubs that's not going to make more than a ripple
Well yeah but still they don't like people posting about it
They could theoretically drop you into the negatives
Twitter blew up with it and some guys with decent sized followings posted about it as well. Also, there are other message boards besides Reddit. At least 1,000 people for sure, wouldn't surprise me if it was significantly higher than that. Hopefully they all get reset (myself included) and lose the players
We're not keeping the cards, that's almost a guarantee.
Ramone has said as much, they pretty much have to. I'm debating quickselling the 9 of them but first I want to play the Yetis with them/
There was a glitch where people were able to collect the divisional, league and overall rewards (so Stocker, Jackie Robinson, A-Rod, the whole deal) with only having the 25-man collections done.
I still have my players, at least according to shownation.com.
This is better than when the market was obliterated last year because that had a most larger overall impact. Actually this is even better than the community challenges glitch.
France will not have Gobert, Fournier, Batum or Mahimi: http://www.fiba.com/oqt/philippines/2016/news/without-batum-and-fournier-frances-depth-to-be-tested-further-at-manila-oqt Diaw was originally rumored to be doubtful but apparently he's going.
True which is why nobody is being punished, but taking away the players that we earned illegitimately is also fair.
Pretty easy to figure out - If they don't have the team rewards done, it wasn't legit.
Yeah I was willing to sell now at 250 since Nathan seemed to settle at 215. Maybe I could have gone higher than 300 but didn't want to be greedy
Not enough that you'll notice with guys you play against
I already have a strong lineup so I bought Fernandez, Sale, Thor, Arrieta, Kimbrel, Betances, Chapman and Jansen with room to spare
Yup no interest in being greedy
Christina Grimmie?
Yeah. Insanely talented, by all accounts a terrific person, shot and killed for no reason
Well that is generally how it works. The new packs did seem ripe with golds but the average person will lose stubs on the packs, absolutely.
I would hate me too, I've never had pack luck in any of these stupid games. The only sub-90 players in my lineup (including bullpen but not bench) are Marte, Osuna and FB Sale. I also have McGriff, Cespdes and FB Cruz off the bench. It's pretty retarded
Wait you don't play? You just work the market?
Unrelated but how do you like Melancon?
Wait you can bat from pitcher view? I thought they removed that
I said this before and I will say it every time it gets brought up. Any even remotely consistent way of doing it (set 5-man rotations, guys can't pitch for 5 games, whatever you want to do) will lead to people abusing it. And unless you want to constantly face a 99 SP with amazing hitting stats, a 102 mph fastball and 65 mph knuckler (that is, created players), randomness is needed. Every sports game ever has effectively proven this, people will take advantage. I started to collect data from people and everyone who actually collected data seemed to show a fairly even split (+/- 10% on any given pitcher). SDS has no reason at all to mess with any algorithm and make it not random, so honestly I think topics and stories like this are usually bad luck, confirmation bias and statistical noise. It sucks, but it happens.
They would complain more if they always faced 99 OVR created player SP, which would happen if there was any sense of consistency or control with the rotation
FB Hanley sold 260 times so yeah I'm probably wrong, I'll just delete
Wait a minute you seriously command/embodied every team? How many games have you played in total now?
Pretty sure we could easily come up with a full list here.
Let's try and list off some guys. 2000 Draft: Utley, Yadi Molina 2001: Ryan Howard 2002: Hamels, Lester 2003: Papelbon I'll stop there, but that's all I could find so far. I can't think of too many elite guys that fit here. Edit: Might be easier to go by team. 2015 Royals had Gordon, Moose, Hochevar, Hosmer and Christian Colon. 2014 Giants had Posey, MadBum, Lincecum, Panik (I think) and Belt.
Are you able to sell him? Don't see him listed on show nation.
Yeah, especially since a lot of the fans will be from Montreal
Something seemed so off about Letourneau this fight
That's not true
So pretty good night for Ohio, overall
I honestly feel like their partners don't know. I mean I assume Nikki Bella knows what's going on with Cena, but he's Cena. Watching the WWE 24 I legitimately wondered if Brie knew how WrestleMania 31 would end, and part of me wonders if they just don't say anything because they know things can change at any time.
FB Kinsler is legit, especially as a second baseman
Different styles of player, to me Kinsler is the perfect #2 hitter. Cano is the better hitter (although Kinser is better against lefties than Cano) but Kinsler is much better on the basepaths.
Where do you find this?
Maple taffy is the best part of any winter carnival
1992 Roberto Alomar
Bogdanovic and #13 for #8. Seeing as how Sacramento likely values #9 the same as #13 (they don't need a big at all and the next few picks will likely be PF/Cs), so unless you are okay with giving up Norman Powell, this trade wasn't happening.
99% sure there's a cutoff point where you can no longer trade the actual pick, and usually it's a situation where teams say "If X is available, we'll offer you Y and Z" and once the pick is made, you have to wait for approval for the trade to go through
And he is not going to play 48 minutes a game.
Is it just our fans that assume we have the assets to trade for everyone? We have NOBODY that would fit in with OKC that I would be willing to give up. E: Sabonis, Oladipo and Ilyasova for Ibaka. Yeah, we definitely had a shot with #9 and Ross /s
For anyone who quicksold did you lose the stubs?
I know this is like complaining that my $100 bills don't fit in my wallet, but right after I did the glitch I ended up packing 99 Wainwright and selling him for 300K so I bought a terrific team, but because of the glitch guys I couldn't auto-generate without them showing up (and I only wanted to use them for fun in offline situations). I mean I know this is the equivalent to First World Problems for The Show, but at least now that won't be an issue.
Rookie appears to be unsellable. I guess they're trying new strategies
It appears as though the rookie card is unsellable and then you unlock and can sell the prime one
My friend's parents got to hang out with Bebe and Bruno at a resort last summer. Apparently very chill guys
Is there a way to contact to get a quick response? I did not do anything that could possibly be considered an exploit (aside from the free legends which we were told we would NOT be punished beyond losing the cards and stubs), and I'm pretty pissed off about not being able to play on my one night off.
Wait, do you think the fact that I was one of the first to pack FB Adam Wainwright and then sold him for 300k could be a factor here? Like because he sold for so much more than the average?
They have already handled this terribly. You can't mass ban this many people without a more detailed explanation.
Hey I was fully in support of taking away all the stubs, XP and whatever else earned there. I was even willing to take the risk of not being able to legally unlock them later, because I know I'll never get there. I will agree with morally wrong but will not say it was cheating. I know I'm splitting hairs but to me to cheat you have to explicitly do something that is game-breaking, realistically this didn't change things for me any more than getting Thor as a daily bonus would have.
Doesn't that make sense though? Do you really think THOUSANDS of people a) Were all exploiting a glitch that wasn't publicly known and b) Are all now lying about it?
It was pretty obvious he set the D to straight up but it kept overriding him. And I have never seen a routine grounder to short get beat out like that without an error happening. It doesn't even happen in fucking little league
There's a mode called Diamond Dynasty which is part baseball and part TCG (you use cards to build your team). These cards and packs are bought with the virtual currency stubs, and apparently there was a glitch that would let you effectively duplicate stubs.
Average speed players beat out grounders hit right at the shortstop all the time...seriously. You're just being contentious for the sake of being a dick.
I think you misread the tone of my post. "AVERAGE speed players beat out grounders hit right at the shortstop? ALL THE TIME? Seriously..."
You do realize your post was a phenomenal display of hypocrisy right? Look, every MLB shortstop makes that play. Throwing animations are a huge issue in the game
So that's a no then. Too bad.
What do you mean here? Like buying up all of a player in order to transfer or sell?
To answer one point, there is no chance that everyone banned did an intentional exploit and then NOBODY leaked it or posted about it anywhere. Any glitch ends up on twitter/reddit/youtube within the hour nowadays
80% OF THOSE AFFECTED. Seriously look up what vocal minority actually means.
Which is something they really need to do
They absolutely should post in public what the mass ban was for. Hearthstone mass banned people for botting, and they said "Hey we just banned a bunch of people for botting" not some vague post with a list of reasons that may or may not get you banned. Same thing with XBL did a mass ban for illegally copied games, or any of the times CoD has do a mass banning. They always give a reason.
If there really was a glitch and more than a handful of people were using it AND it didn't get leaked, that will be the first time in the last decade that happened.
Except the guy that Ramone said exploited for 3 million stubs has posted repeatedly that he a) Has no idea what Ramone is talking about and b) Spent a TON of real world money and time on the game. Based on the fact that I was banned for no reason and Ramone has been a douchebag on Twitter, I'm not inclined to believe anything he says at this point. And the pinned tweet says to report suspicious activity, the Madden e-mails say "If you were wrongfully banned, contact here." It just really feels like SDS did not think this through.
That Trevor guy is probably legit. He plays the game a TON
My major argument is they really handled this poorly. They say they double and triple checked but won't even say what happened and far too many of us feel left in the dark.
But everyone who disagrees with you is wrong and salty right? You seem happy to keep him, so be happy with him, but he won't pass 20k.
If it is all resolved in the next 24-48 hours then sure. But if it takes longer than that they need to compensate and apologize to the people wrongfully taken out, and admit their fault. It's the right thing to do, especially with Ramone publicly shaming people.
I'm all over because I'm pissed off. And if people say nothing they look guilty, if they proclaim innocence they look guilty. I did nothing wrong, and I'm really frustrated that I've been punished for nothing.
I'm going to assume you mis-read what i wrote. 80% of people banned are complaining. That's a rough guess. Not that 80% of users are banned.
You're actually wrong there, if any company started doing that they would likely face a classaction suit (if they did it enough).
Can't sign in, can't see anything.
Seems like everyone who posts anything that states these people may be innocent gets downvoted hard. I understand the hate boner for cheaters, but something smells really weird about how this all went down
I know you've got a serious hard-on for me and think I'm some big, nasty cheater, but I'm trying to prevent people from getting ripped, do ya mind?
I just don't understand the downvotes and insults for trying to stop people from being ripped off.
But then there would be an explanation, which was kind of my original point when you said they can ban whoever they want with zero explanation.
Holy shit, yeah you're legit. I can't message you on TSN because I can't log in, so I'll PM you here. Honestly confused.
Yeah this was a bit of a backfire. I honestly thought it was a fake account, seemed super suspicious. But at least I should be able to figure out what's going on now.
Yeah he seems legit, unless there's some other way to see someone's transactions he's definitely legit.
Have you heard anything yet?
Just angry and bored at work so I'm posting a lot. Really don't know what I can say or do to prove my innocence, since I can't access anything. Just waiting to hear back from SDS
Wait a minute, are you and u/StallSoHard the same person? Holy shit you are, aren't you? I only made that "I'll be back by the weekend" comment to that account in a private message. That account got banned from here ~3 weeks ago and your account is 4 days old. You just signed in to the other account to PM me so you wouldn't have to reveal that it's the same account. That's gold, Jerry. Gold.
I haven't deleted anything at all, go find it
I just ctrl+f'd all my posts and none of them had the word "week" or "weekend" in them. The only time I brought that up was in a PM to u/StallSoHard. Goodness that's adorable. Oh man that's amazing. Also I'm 99% sure that circumventing a subreddit ban by creating a second account gets you banned from Reddit as a whole, which makes this even sweeter. There's a chance I'm wrong and you aren't the same person, but I so hope you are and your entire troupe of scumbag accounts get wiped off the face of the earth.
I haven't deleted anything, period. I blocked you for a while because I was tired of dealing with your shit so maybe that's why you thought stuff disappeared, but I have deleted nothing. You slipped up, nobody will know it but me but you fucking slipped up.
I don't even remember deleting that, but all that post said was that Adam was a fake account, which he clearly isn't. Changes nothing here, Tacoma Goat.
Still busy? A lot of us are waiting on responses.
A bunch of times, guys would rip people off repeatedly. Not stealing accounts but fake purchases and stuff
Some of them definitely tried to, but most of them were really bad at it. I was wrong about Adam_SDS obviously, it just looked super suspicious at first. New account, asking people to PM him for help, just thought something was up
Unlike you, I only have one account. I was out playing real baseball when this guy posted.
I haven't posted anybody's info but yours, and even then I just posted that you are the very likely owner of two banned accounts. I haven't attacked anyone but you, and that's only been retaliatory. Also you have been posting for 24 hours straight, I worry about you
I'm hoping that this is the case. My conversation with Adam was weird, because I asked what it was about and if it was about the legend exploits, and all he said was "It does not have to do with the missions glitch" For full disclosure, here's my initial message to him: " I know this is going to sound like bullshit, but I legitimately do not know what you guys are talking about with a glitch. I did grab the free legends when that glitch popped up and I did quicksell them because I didn't feel right using them, so if this has to do with that they take the stubs back and I understand. But this thing about exploiting the market? I don't get it, legitimately, so please help me out here." I responded with: "Okay can you give me any more information? I am genuinely, honestly confused. I have not done anything to exploit the market, I barely even flip cards. I got super lucky and packed FB Wainwright, sold him for 300k and bought a great team. Can you please tell me what's going on? I'm not intentionally being obtuse or playing dumb. I'm very frustrated because I feel like I have been wrongfully punished and can't even fathom what I could have done, especially since you guys keep saying it was intentional and impossible to do accidentally...and I still have no idea what's going on." And nada
http://imgur.com/a/eMKHY Schedule and horrible attempt at taking a pic of myself wearing my jersey and baseball pants. Also my posts were 2 hours and 15 minutes apart, hover over to see timestamps you stalker. 22:26:56 and 00:45:24
So you're going to completely ignore that I posted the exact time stamps for my posts right? The last post I made before I left was at exactly 6:26 p.m. Eastern Time (you can see the timestamp, it's not that hard. If you can't figure it out, I'll take a screenshot). The post I made when I got back was at 8:45 Eastern Team, 2 hours and 19 minutes later.
No I know what you're saying. Defending myself is almost reflexive at this point, it's probably why I always get killed first in Mafia/Wolverine style games. But this thread here was honestly just to see if anyone else had heard, because I'm getting frustrated. I feel better knowing I'm not the only one being ignored.
First off, I want to thank you for your youtube cooking videos. Your tips on pan-frying steaks and making scrambled eggs have helped me out on numerous occasions. My question is how do you deal with allergies on shows like Hell's Kitchen, MasterChef, etc.? Both for contestants and, for HK, do you often deal with customers that have special requests for the menu due to allergies or is it pretty much "You have to order what we have"?
Have to win the group. Basically the top 3 teams are us, Turkey and France. Philippines might surprise people as the hosts, but realistically we should not have any trouble with them, New Zealand or Senegal.
I would make two changes next year. The first is that the MAX I would set it to is +5 and -5. Having guys go +20 is just ridiculous. The second is I would make the parameters for any change a bit tougher, so guys stay even more often. Right now it's a rarity to see a guy at +/- 0, when realistically that should happen at least 50% of the time.
Which is in Manila, hence next stop.
They're still in our pool, and there's a good chance we'll play them in the semis.
This has been my biggest argument (beyond the fact that I know I didn't do anything, but obviously I don't really blame people who don't believe that). Every exploit and glitch gets leaked immediately and this game-breaker somehow stayed silent? Don't buy it
Except there usually are people who cop to lower crimes or whatever to get a reduced sentence. And the fact that nobody anywhere (that I've seen) on twitter, reddit, YouTube, Facebook or whatever can even definitively say what the exploit was is really weird. Coupled with the fact that SDS has gone completely silent for the last 36 hours makes me think that they know they fucked up and are trying to figure out if EVERYONE they banned is innocent or just most.
I know you're joking here, but I wonder what the reaction would be if it turned out SDS just had bad data and literally nobody glitched? I'm not expecting that and that's not my prediction, but what would they do in that spot?
Ohhh it's "After Mamba," he's waiting for Kobe to make his return to the NBA
There has been no official announcement as to WHAT the glitch actually was, just that it "could not be done accidentally" and a lot of what it isn't (free legends, something that can be done in standby mode, etc.). The double canceling glitch was just something a couple people have theorized but nothing official.
Am I missing something or this trade not THAT awful?
Also to add on, after a night of being very steadfast in the "Everyone we banned was accurate" stance, Ramone and the rest of SDS have gone very quiet in the last 36 hours. Also it changed from "All bans are irreversible" to "Some bans may be only days or weeks"
Adam from SDS said that and then wouldn't respond to my PMs and deleted his posts so take that for what it's worth
Something is very messed up for sure
Ramones Twitter for both
On mobile, but go to @Ramone_Russell on Twitter and look through his tweets and replies
And now Ramone is deleting tweets. https://www.reddit.com/r/MLBTheShow/comments/4q8zv7/devs_vs_players/d4r4pvb Proof
Yeah holy shit he's been online to delete but not post. I'm livid
Ask him, no clue. He did delete one other post, don't remember what but it's one I responded to. Want my honest opinion? SDS knows they screwed up so they're backpedaling.
He's doing it because I pointed out he's the alt of a banned account
Get Betances and Chapman, Miller lacks a true 3rd pitch which really hurts him
And that's good customer service but that's not what SDS has done. All they've said is "You're banned, you cheated" and then gone quiet. Like I've said I understand not believing me, but 14ish years in customer service has taught me the WORST thing you can do is ignore your customers
I worked as a dealer, I caught a couple cheaters, but they were ALWAYS shown the tape and/or explicitly told why they were banned, no vagueness. Not an apples to apples comparison (also I'm assuming you didn't 86 1,500 innocent people)
I honestly didn't have a care either way about him before this. I mean it's entirely possible he was fed bad info and was responding that way because he was 100% sure they were accurate, and in that case I can somewhat understand it. But still, he should have just told everyone with a question to send an email and dealt with it all privately.
And I did apologize for going off too much, but one user did continue provoking me and I handled the situation poorly. Can't change the past, and I'm not going to make some apology topic because nobody gives a shit.
Also the best ban ever was when a guy lost $1000 on a hand of mini baccarat, hurled the chips at my chest and then got full on tackled before he could take his third step. Just wanted to share that to bury the hatchet
I want to wake up next to Elisha Cuthbert...and that might be more likely than SDS avoiding any more fuckups
Hopefully it'll be hosted somewhere else as well, I don't use itunes at all
Not to take home, obviously. Make a copy, take them to the small room with a TV, show footage bye bye
I've loved her for 18 years. She was hot on PMK (I was 13 at the time so it's not creepy lol)
Worth nothing that this was also posted on the main Twitter for MLBTheShow, whereas all the earlier stuff wasn't (afaik). That makes me think this may be closer to done with than I earlier believed, it's definitely a good sign
I have a theory that just hit me, but this is just a theory. I think their algorithm just picked up large amounts of canceled orders whether or not they were glitched. When I packed FB Wainwright (shit, even I'm tired of about about that now) and sold him for 300k, I first placed and canceled a bunch of orders because I kept getting undercut by 1 stub. I finally sold him because someone posted a Buy Now for 300 and I was willing to sell for 250. I probably had 2 mil in canceled orders in 5 minutes. This also happened about 3 weeks ago, which is when they say they closed the loophole. Probably looked extremely suspicious to the data, but was entirely legit. It would explain why people who packed big FB guys and guys who play the market a lot seem to be the common targets. Not everyone who plays the market cancels a bunch of orders (those of you with more patience than I set and leave them and don't care about 1-stub undercuts) but obviously there are many that do. And for brand new FB guys, the market is tremendously volatile and it is so important to be one of the first to sell (Wainwright's value dropped below 100k within a couple hours) AND you're likely to be watching it like a hawk, so you'll do a lot of post, cancel, post, cancel, post, cancel, sell. Just a theory, no proof whatsoever, but it's plausible.
You an already do that. It says "Starting lineup vs. LHP" before the game and you can change accordingly.
OVR history would be awesome, anything beyond that would just be gravy. Basically just looking to see if "such and such is always boosted" is actually factual.
Any positional changes we should expect?
This guy's got it. Shoeless Joe STILL being banned is a travesty.
Remember how you felt when I was everywhere proclaiming my innocence? You're starting to get like that with calling people guilty. And I am looking forward to listening to the podcast once I'm home from work, I'll try and watch/listen tonight as well because it should be good. It cannot be a coincidence that this game out and immediately afterwards Ramone and The Show sent out those tweets.
New one set to Fix You
Don't think this will be overturned. Also this is 100% on Hyman's turnover
3rd and 4th goals were both off horrendous turnovers. Fucking chip it out, boys
I mean if MY team gave up 21 offensive rebounds I probably wouldn't be blaming the refs
Hard to win when you give up 21 offensive rebounds and utterly shit the bed offensively in the 4th. But yeah, all refs
To be fair, if Ebert refused to give any MGM movies a thumbs up and always gave WB movies one, he would probably get called out on it. That's my only issue with Meltzer. He is "the guy" when it comes to this because there really aren't any other wrestling ratings guys, but he seems biased.
To be fair, Bebe was supposed to be a throw-in too. Wright is still a young point guard with upside, he has value.
It will be 3-4 years before Atlanta is contending again
Let's say we trade 2Pat, Ross and a pick for Millsap. Starting 5 of Lowry-DeRozan-DC-Millsap-JV. Lowry and DeRozan don't see any real minutes change (Lowry playing 37 mpg is something that should go down later in the season, trade or no trade, unless Casey wants to burn him out), so let's say 35 mpg apiece. There are 144 minutes for the PG-SG-SF positions, and that's 70 of them. Carroll plays 25-28 mpg, so let's say 95. That's 49 minutes to be split between CoJo, Powell, Van Vleet and whoever we sign to fill the roster spot after making a 2-for-1 trade. We may need to sign or trade for a low-level wing player here, or perhaps get Atlanta to throw in the corpse of Tayshaun Prince. For our bigs, there are 96 minutes per game. JV averages 26.8 but I think it's safe to say he could do 30, so let's say 28 for him and 32 for Millsap. That leaves 36 minutes per game for Sullinger, Bebe, Siakam and Poeltl. Losing 2Pat is not going to exhaust anything because his minutes are going 1-for-1 with Millsap. And I mean we could also go with Millsap at the 3 sometimes, since he has range and can defend at that spot. My point is our starters aren't going to suddenly become exhausted because we've lost Ross. He plays 21 minutes per game, you can give half of those minutes to Powell and split up the rest among the bigs with Millsap playing the 3 and be totally fine. And you're right, starters can't play 48 minutes every game, but look at the series with Miami (Cleveland is a bad example because of all the blow-outs). 4 of their starters played 36-38 minutes, and Whiteside would have been around 30 minutes if he hadn't been injured. That leaves ~62 minutes for their entire bench COMBINED per game, depth is simply nearly as big of a factor in the postseason. Teams go 8 deep in the playoffs. Our top 8 would be Lowry, DeRozan, Carroll, Millsap, JV, CoJo, Norm, Sullinger/Bebe/Poeltl based on matchups. That's fine.
Better or worse?
Zayn/Nakamura, Revival/DIY from Toronto and Zayn/Owens from Battleground were all absolute 5-star matches for me, and that's this year alone. Sasha/Bayley from Brooklyn, the Zayn/Neville/Breeze/Kidd Fatal 4-way, the Orton/Bryan/Batista title match, I could go on as I go back further in time but I find it hard to believe that NONE of those were considered 5-star matches.
No. They don't.
Define ghosts and nougat and I'm there
He absolutely should have been a lottery pick. Maybe not top-5, but definitely top 10 (at least in that draft).
Haha sorry. Did you like that I mentioned Nikolz Skittlesvilli too?
11-30 wins that game by 15+. Schroder-Roberson-Giannis-Adams-Gobert MCW-Hardaway-Snell and then some combination of Dieng, Bebe, Plumlee, Olynyk and Solomon Hill as your back-up 4 and 5. Against: McCollum-Oladipo-Porter-Zeller-Noel Burke-McLemore-KCP-Bennett-Len
I feel like I'm in the minority but I loved that segment. Rusev and HBK had real chemsitry
Just had this happen to me in back-to-back games.
I have no idea what the card on the far left is.
The most broken card back when I played MTG, what was it changed from?
I'm almost done domination (23 NBA teams done) but I'm getting a little bored of just it and Blacktop and want to start MTO. Here's what I've got: http://2kmtcentral.com/17/lineups/220772/wingers-team On PS4, 30k to spend. who should I go after?
I'm probably entirely wrong here but I'm having trouble thinking of situations where AOE first is preferable? It ruins you with all deathrattles, the only favorable situation I can picture is a divine shield minion with 3+ health.
Aggro has to exist to keep control from getting super greedy (and let's be honest, without a strong aggro game the ladder would be 90% Jade Druid in a race to see who could go infinite first), but my issue is just how frequently the game is over by turn 5 or 6. And I mean that in either wins or losses. 90% of my wins against Pirate Warrior come when they concede after running out of steam on turn 6 or because I've played Reno or Ancient of War or whatever. Also a meta where coin + doomsayer can be taken down regularly is not a lot of fun, and that's from someone who is generally positive about the meta because of the rock-paper-scissors nature of it. Buccaneer should either be a Rogue card or should have lower stats (start as a 1/1 or only get +1 attack).
Have you guys seen the IGN page for NBA Live 18? http://ca.ign.com/games/nba-live-2018/ps4-20053401 I won't spoil it for you, but...weird write-up. Anyways NBA Live is dead and not coming back, I truly believe that. The hole is just too deep to dig out of. I know Twitter isn't the best metric for this, but @NBA2k has 1.5 million followers, @EASportsNBA has 96 thousand. There is an entire generation of gamers that has not played a half-decent Live game. Here are the aggregate scores for the last few Lives, courtesy of GameRankings (I'll even use the PS4 numbers, which are higher than the XB1 ones): NBA Live 16: 59% NBA Live 15: 60% NBA Live 14: 47% NBA Live 13: Cancelled [but here is some terrible gameplay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxVENsPOSg8&amp;t=3s) NBA Live 12: Never happened NBA Elite 11: [Cancelled but not before we got the famous Jesus Bynum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJwXBw86g30) The last good (or even decent) NBA title from EA came out on October 6th, 2009. That's around the same time as COD: MW2, Borderlands (the first one), and Uncharted 2. So a long, long, long, long, long time ago, in gaming terms. Is it possible for them to recover? Maybe, but EA is about money first (as are most companies) and they are not going to put a lot of resources into a game that is likely to be outsold by a 1,000:1 ratio by its biggest competitor. Attempting to rebuild from the ground up after NBA Live 10 was such a colossal mistake. They saw a steady decline in sales (after a peak with Live 2005, sales declined every year until Live 10) and wanted to stop it from getting worse, but they should have still produced Live 11 on the same engine to keep SOME momentum going and used a two-year dev cycle to release NBA Elite as a 2012 game. This is way too long of a post, so: tl;dr - EA has dug itself too deep of a hole to get out of without spending way more money than they're willing to.
Haha wow, didn't even notice that. That's even longer odds than getting one off Kabal Courier
So it's on PS4 as well? I'm not home so I can't buy but at least this should cause a market crash
Judging by google maps, I think I would have to go past the airport to get there though, wouldn't I? It's on the opposite side from Hilton Head
I'm flying in to SAV and then renting a car and driving to Hilton Head to visit family for a week, then driving back to SAV and flying out (at 6 a.m. on a Sunday, ugh)
I assume those stations are the best for the way back as well? My main concern is finding one within 10 miles of the airport to fill up my rental so I don't get dinged
Ding!
In the show, did they say Mr. Sakic?
His dad played and coached in the NHL, too
Who's the best 3 and D shooting guard for under 5k (PS4)? I've got Q-rich but he can't play D so I would rather bring him off the bench
I have never seen a designed play into the backcourt with 5 seconds left before. Not even just over the backcourt, all the way to the far 3-point line. Unfuckingbelievable.
Clock started late. That didn't bother me until the bullshit in Sacramento this year, now I always notice it
I fly out of there at 10 a.m. tomorrow, hopefully it isn't too much of a shitshow. Edit to not sound callous. I realize how much of a first world problems asshole I sound like, I've just got a connecting flight to hit and have had a very, very long week.
I literally said in my own post I realized I sounded callous but with a short connection window and a long second leg, I really don't want to have any delays. But hey, try not to pull a muscle patting yourself on the back after your protest tomorrow.
You're the worst kind of person. $20 says you'll have a dozen social media posts so that EVERYONE knows you were protesting and awesome. I'm a shithead because I want to make my connecting flight so I can see my family and get to work Monday morning. Go harass some more customer service reps.
Btw a federal judge granted a stay, if you didn't hear. I mean it isn't over by a long shot, but nobody is presently being detained. Have fun tomorrow, be sure to take lots of serious face selfies
So you're donating, great! I mean that honestly
Right because I'm the only person in history to worry about himself. Fuck you, no offence
I think it was his knee/hip
This better be a fucking epic Rumble
It bugs me too, there should be a big visual difference between young Air Canada Carter and 40-year-old Vince Carter but there isn't
Never get old (well, the first 17 minutes, at least)
How is that a response? You said "this team is who the American people elected" but that's flat wrong. The American people elected Trump, not Steve Bannon and Jared Kushner
What do you mean by "climate change doomsdayers"? Do you mean people that believe man-made climate change is real?
Does anybody really believe that? And do you think climate change is a concern?
Using your argument, terrorism results in a fraction (of a fraction of a fraction) of a percent of the deaths as cancer, so why put all that money towards fighting ISIS as opposed to cancer research/treatment and health care? Stroke/heart disease and diabetes are also miles ahead of terrorism, so why not focus on healthy eating and combating obesity? And climate change is not something that is only going to affect us down the road, it is having an impact right now. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs266/en/ &gt; Between 2030 and 2050, climate change is expected to cause approximately 250 000 additional deaths per year, from malnutrition, malaria, diarrhoea and heat stress. &gt; The direct damage costs to health (i.e. excluding costs in health-determining sectors such as agriculture and water and sanitation), is estimated to be between US$ 2-4 billion/year by 2030.
I don't want to be handcuffed with not being able to pinch run if needed.
Time will tell, but I think this opens the door for China, Germany and other countries to really step in, especially with renewable energy. What stops them all from dropping huge carbon tariffs on US exports?
You are aware that your posts are very difficult to follow, yes? Your posting style is like Trump's speaking style. And why bring up the Copenhagen Accord?
That IV Pomeranz looks legit, depending on his eventual price. 93 MPH Fastball with movement, 89 H/9, 86 K/9, great stamina for a reliever (34), comes with a knucklecurve and changeup
Any sources for your so-called fact?
How do you find those people?
Neither the walks or strikeouts are particularly impressive
YSK he can't hit
I used him in RS. Threw one fastball and it got sent to the shadow realm. Knuckler and curve/screw are legit. E: Not joking about the fastball, do not throw it. CPU on Rookie hit it 450 feet. Sinker is ok but no fastballs
Cass faked the attack, calling it now
Rookie program one?
Daniel Bryan was the only time it was acceptable. Kind of like Naka/Zayn and the "Fight forever chant," perfect in the moment and then ruined by later crowds
Finals ratings are being overrated for overall league-wide importance. Let's say the Warriors sweep and then in the offseason, Bradley Beal goes to Cleveland, Chris Paul goes to the Spurs and Marc Gasol goes to Golden State (I'm not saying any of these are even realistic or logical, but follow me here). The WCF and NBA Finals would have amazing ratings, but what would happen to the 1230 regular season games and however many playoff games not involving those teams? It's a lot harder to sell tickets (and TV ratings) to watch a team that you know has 0% chance of winning before opening day. At least this year, in the East, there was some thought of "Oh maybe the Cavs aren't quite right" that persisted pretty much until Game 2 of the Raptors series. At this point as like as Bron/Love/Kyrie are in Cleveland and Curry/Durant/Klay/Dray are in Golden State, the other 28 teams (and every game they play) are essentially irrelevant, and that will start to show in ratings and ticket sales.
It's going to be very easy if you tank pitching
Who said I was adding diamonds to that? Also Gwynn is an 86
You don't see a difference between saying "We want to sell you weapons" and "Everybody should be fighting against this country because they're the epitome of terrorism"?
What activities? I'm asking that honestly, did something happen in the last 3 weeks?
Why do you keep bringing me up? You have no idea what I believe or what I think, so stop going to that well. It does nothing but make me think you have no substance whatsoever behind your arguments and that all you can do is deflect and project. Are you aware that every single article says "According to _____, this is what was said"? They are not presenting it as fact beyond "X said Y" which is, in fact, true (the person they quoted said what they said). And if it is a direct statement from US Intel, they have to treat it like it isn't a guess, because it fucking isn't. The only reason you think it's fake news is because it disagrees with your beliefs. You summarily dismiss everything from a series of publications because they said things you don't like, so which of one us is the zombie?
Why do you think he's dedicated to America? I know he SAYS he's dedicated to America, but what actions has he taken? And what did he do before the election that lead you to vote for him? What is your definition of dedication to America? All Americans? Or just the ones who can afford health care and groceries?
I appreciate your candid response, but I still have to ask what actions he has taken that show he is dedicated to America (and the American people)?
How so?
Is that really answering the question? Either Trump lied or Comey committed perjury in front of the world, which do you think is true?
I only ever got upset with someone bringing it up too late when she did it at the 2 week point. That's a little late.
As a guy, most of us appreciate that. Assholes gonna asshole, but for me I see it as win-win. If I'm hitting on you, now I know - if I'm not hitting on you, it's just nice conversation
Yes
Just wait a week or two for their prices to drop. In the mean time, grab Felipe Rivero and whatever other lefty you like.
The same Thunder that blew a 3-1 lead to the team Cleveland beat for a title? Or the Thunder that missed the playoffs the year before? Because before that you've got LeBron on the Heat and there's no way the Thunder beat the Heatles.
For some reason I thought you were arguing that the Thunder would have beaten the Cavs in the East, I mis-read it. I still think last year's Raptors vs. last year's Thunder would have been a good matchup, and again 2 years ago the Thunder missed the playoffs completely
Pittsburgh is super cheap now.
It's just that some people go nuts and do the exchange or collect missions right away, and there's no point. Might as well do the free parts first - the program packs and what-not will still be there when you get there and it's not like any of the rewards are sellable.
Maybe read some modern stuff and see if your opinion holds up? I'm not trying to be a dick but I'm tired of seeing both sides saying stuff like "Well based on these things I once read, this is clearly right/wrong."
Power swing with FB Holliday on a 98 mph fastball with good timing and I get a 94 mph exit velocity. Yup
Not at all. Squared up power swings are outs, jammed late swings at least have a chanxe
Why does PCI size atter for squaring up? Or are you so bad that you need a PCI that covers the whole zone to make contact? Squared up means dead center PCI, or at least as close as reasonably possible. And I said Events so that's All-Star, obviously. I hit 5 homers over 3 games pre-patch (and gave up 2), have seen 0 total in 35 innings since then. But yeah, it's clearly me.
Also squared up means dead center PCI size doesn't matter
Sorry I don't record all my games on the off chance I'll get in an argument with a contentious asshole
Center is center. PCI size doesn't matter, I don't understand how you're too stupid to figure that out
Lost connection twice in BR, went to Events, froze in the first inning
Prove it, post your PSN. If you've hit 15 homers in the last 50 innings pre-patch against other humans I'll close my account
Absolutely
Is there something wrong with you?
Haven't noticed that but servers have been shit all day
What is the cop's side of the issue?
There are at least 5 or 6 that I've seen now, all with slide steps. /u/Adam_SDS are you guys aware?
Ref got chopped
Ryan Ellis with the awful pass to nobody to set that up
I've pitched 80 innings post-patch and have allowed 1 home run (it was absolutely detonated, fwiw). I think some of the people are looking at complainers as people that are finding an excuse because they're losing or whatever. I've won 75% of my games post-patch, and I think it's ridiculous how they nerfed hitting. Excluding the outlier Giants at 0.75, the next-worst team in HR/game is at 0.90. So in 80 innings, even the second-worst team would be expected to hit 8 homers. Clayton Kershaw is the all-time leader in HR/9 and over 80 innings he would be expected to give up 4-5 home runs. Either I'm the greatest video game pitcher in history of there's a problem. When Danny Farquar hangs a cutter on the outter half against a power hitter and he squares it up, it should be gone. That one landed short of the warning track at the Metrodome.
SS behind the plate is key, it means a lot of dropped 3rd strikes for assists.
How are they supposed to spend it? Are you aware of how supply and demand works?
You sound like a real whiny asshole, just fyi. People who invest end up being terrible players? There's absolutely no correlation there. Also you're an idiot if you're complaining about bids but then comparing Buy Now prices instead of Sell Now prices. His Sell Now price has been relatively consistent since June 6th and 13 of the last 14 sales have been in the same range, so it's unlikely that anyone is overbidding by 15k.
The upgrades were Friday. Friday was exactly 3 days ago. This isn't economics, this is literally counting days. Sunday (1 day ago), Saturday (2 days ago), Friday (3 days ago). His Buy Now hasn't been at or under 200k since June 6th, and even that was only because he had a dip caused by the Ballin is a Habit pack and Wade Boggs hunters. It all makes sense, you're just whining because you can't buy Harper for the price you want.
MLB 17 sold 770,000 copies, even if only a fraction of those people play Diamond Dynasty and then only a fraction of a fraction of those people invest, all it takes is a handful of people to cash out and buy Harper (and common choice considering Andre Dawson is probably the best player in the game) to affect the price. Harper has sold a total of 50 times in the last 3 days. 10 or 15 sales will make a significant change in his price. Seriously man, stop trying to reason away your whining. Either adapt to the market or don't, but right now you're just as bad as the guys who get pissed off when people outbid them by 500 instead of 1.
Right, that's the point I've been trying to make to this guy. I've never seen a sports Ultimate Team mode where the price of cards goes UP as the season goes on, but the sheer volume of stubs SDS gives out through missions combined with Dawson/Trout being the two best hitters in the game (and with Harper being locked in by basically anybody who ever chooses to buy him) will keep them high. Compared to NBA 2K where they started with guys like LeBron being rated an 85 and then release 5 other versions of him, plus jacked-up versions of historical players (like David Robinson with a good 3-point shot) which destroys the value of all starting guys.
Cozart, Judge, Encarnacion, Giles, Correa, Perez, Moustakas, Sanchez, Kemp, Castro, Hosmer...yep, no obvious candidates. Also lol "SDS can't let the market rise too high" come on. Nobody has ever played an Ultimate mode and said "Well, there's one player I can't afford, definitely never playing again." If anything, Madden and 2K piss people off by releasing countless super packs that destroy the value of the cards people already own and force them to buy more packs in order to keep up.
I think it's pretty easy to say the government should stay out while still making things illegal. Incest, forced marriage, old guys marrying 12 year olds, that shit can still be illegal without the "government" stepping in, right? Incest actually causes phsyiological damage, it's basically child abuse to someone who isn't born yet.
The FACT is Trump wrote it, why are you trying so hard to find a way out for him? Or do you believe courts should ignore evertthing that has ever been typed?
But Spicer specifically said tweets were official statements. Trump doesn't do press conferences, so NNs say to rely on his tweets. Now we can't rely on them either?
Not what I'm asking. Are his tweets official statements?
Yeah I know what you're saying too, but my point is if he was on some randon TV show (not a press conference, but like an interview on Fox News), looked right at the camera and said "We're at war with Canada" that, to me, is an official statement - no different from his tweets. Everything the POTUS says in a public forum has to be taken seriously. Understand where I'm coming from? E: I'm not necessarily talking about what is "official" official, but based on how the Presidency has gone, that is how people are going to react to his tweets
Anybody who didn't pre-order (and thus doesn't have Griffey or the 27% for the Diamond program) will still be a long way off from Miggy.
Well yeah but you can say that about a lot of positions, more people are working through the programs than have spent 200k+ on a 3B.
You again? How many of these threads are you going to make? Still upset that half the time, guys sell for more than their average?
You mean my one argument with an idiot who was convinced hitting was fine and I was lying even though a shitton of people said hitting was broken? You're the idiot who keeps judging players by their Sell Now prices without realizing that number means absolutely nothing if nobody is willing to pay it. Yeah, Kenley's Sell Now is 109,494 right now, but if the MOST anyone has paid in the last 50 sales is 96,998, is it fair to say he has really gone up by that much? No, of course not, you'd have to be an absolute idiot to think that.
8 hours ago when Altuve sold for at a Sell Now of 183,750? Exactly in line with where he was 2-3 days ago? And down from where he was a week ago?
3 days ago he sold for 185k, 185k and 180k. One June 7th his BUY NOW price was 180 and his Sell Now was at or above 188k for basically an entire week. Do you know what the word "outlier" means? Because I don't think you do. And in between those sales at 183k yesterday he also sold for 165 or less 4 times. It's almost like some people use Buy Now and some people are impatient and use Sell Now, like it has been since **the mode was created**.
So you're just going to continue to ignroe that Altuve is equal to (or down from) where he was a week ago (and also continue to ignore any and all math and logic). Alrighty then.
6/8 167500 191000 6/7 180021 193975 6/6 160118 189999 6/5 161503 188495 Come on man, it's not hard. www.theshownation.com
That's literally my point. You're claiming that he SHOT UP because of the Gwynn mistake, meanwhile he has been at that price for well over a week.
Fine with me, at least now when I call you out for horrendous math and logic (as well as being so tremendously whiny) I won't have to deal with your lies in response.
It is 650, just a visual glitch
I see both sides. I was fully on board with the idea - make people set 13 hitters total that they can use for their RHP and LHP lineups, and then don't let people quit out once the lineup screen comes up. Let people click around or whatever on the "Choose SP" screen if they want to check for lag. The issue I see is that it makes top-end teams that much better and creates a bigger divide. My team is pretty good as it is, but if I could start BO Granderson against RHP and LS Stanton against LHP, it becomes another step better than the guy who is starting a low gold in CF in every game.
I didn't say you make them quit
Two counter-arguments 1) It's not the result that bothers me, it's exit velo. If I square up a 95 mph fastball with an elite hitter and a power swing, it should not leave my bat at 92 mph. The hardest ball Josh Donaldson ever hit was the groundout to third that ended the Jays season two years ago so believe me I know not every squared up ball is a homer, but I hate how artificially nerfed it is. 2) The second problem is there are FAR too many bloop hits that should be caught, or at least held to singles. I gave up a 2-run, 2-out bloop TRIPLE to center field in BR (and I had Andre Dawson in center). It's one thing to square up a ball and have it die on the warning track, it's another thing entirely to see shitty hitters get the benefit.
Yeah I can understand that. I know basically nothing about programming so it was hard for me to wrap my mind around it - like if they patched a glitch with a certain part of the wall in one stadium and then suddenly every bunt went straight in the air. It's hard to imagine how those two things could be connected.
Not sure how to say it without sounding like a dick but you're flat-out wrong on the first point. Aaron Judge hit a ball 121 mph that was on the inside corner, pitches don't have to be grooved to be crushed. And a perfectly squared up pitch should still have good exit velo. If it's down and away it might be a worm-burner, but it should never be an 85 mph lazy fly ball. As for your second point, that doesn't stop the broken "hey let's jog towards the ball with no urgency" animation
Bayley looks like she's wearing her own merchandise - I guess she really does like purple.
Theoretically if he's doing a lot of good for the average American, wouldn't we see some converts? And if he hasn't flipped on anything, why do we see people going the other way?
No, there actually is a "slightly late" marker, but there isn't one for "slightly early"
Disagree, good timing works just fine on inside pitches, early hooks them foul
Trout
It was always 30 games, not 10
Rewards earned don't change, upcoming ones do
Did you convert to being a supporter after the election?
Not MyCareer? Is that confirmed?
How does Griffey in the ticket store make them money?
99 K/9, 99 H/9, 99 Break, 0 BB/9, 0 Control
I had good timing and the ball isn't even on the inside corner, it's in the middle of the top-left section.
The guy Jake gives credit to for the Oolong slayer seemed alright
That pitch is middle-in, not inside corner. Are you visually impaired?
Been really consistent since the patch
Can't do it in online
It's like talking to a fucking wall.
It is ROOKIE. DIFFICULTY. It should be insanely easy. The fact that you think everyone should have all diamond lineups is just...please stop posting about this. I won't tell you how to win at the 900+ level, you stop acting like you have any clue what the average experience is with this game.
How many hours have you logged?
I appreciate that the NHL allows those deals to happen. They would happen anyway so this way it's just on the table
A lot of guys will have the ball release from their normal location when they slide step, so the ball appears out of nowhere
No, all that does is force people to buy packs and destroys the value of cards you already own.
Lots of bonuses along the way, it's probably close to 400k if not over.
What? How does locking in Trout to get Nolan Ryan destroy his value or force people to buy packs? If anything, forcing people to lock cards in keeps the values UP so that if you do decide to sell your card (you don't have to lock it in, of course) or if you get him as a reward, the value is still there. Take a look at NBA 2K17 if you want to see what happens to your marketplace if you release a bunch of super-cards in the final 2 months that render are previous cards worthless.
They already said 100% there will not be LS cards in the ticket store. It would really fuck over people who paid stubs for high-end cards and haven't locked them in.
800k is impressive for a baseball game
Pretty sure he was joking.
Can we confirm that this is for quick-selling? Or is it just for those who accidentally fed or exchanged?
&gt; Made World Series and was still forced to start the new season at 450 What? I started at 550 and I made it to the DS.
Why does it matter? I packed a Mike Trout from a free Ballin' pack, others get garbage. The way I see it, anyone who intentionally quick sold a diamond and gets a free 5K is no different than someone getting lucky with their daily reward.
I find it very hard to believe that anyone quick sold 3 collect all diamond rewards considering 1) They're mostly at least decent players and 2) Anybody who has enough stubs to acquire 3 diamond collection players is probably not that desperate for 5-15k. Bell and Drabek are the only two that are even remotely affordable, all the others cost a ton.
I notice it when I'm pitching and I notice it using the Pitcher cam.
I didn't buy a pack, I got one for free, the same pack a lot of people got this month. I'll trust Adam when he says the vast majority were bronze and silvers that were accidentally fed, because logically that makes sense. And you're still misunderstanding my explanation because you're so ENRAGED or whatever about it. Some people open one pack and get Trout, others open 100 packs and get nothing. Luck is a factor, and in this case a fraction of a fraction of a percent of the users got an extra 5-10k or whatever, that really doesn't change anything.
Yeah I've noticed a fair amount of guys who don't even know it's in the game, and I take full advantage of it. Even guys with normal releases are screwed against speedsters if they don't slide step.
Not since the patch, I throw out at least 50% of base-runners when I slide step and get a green release
AFK means a lot of little league homers
Nobody is asking for 5 homers a game, but the average game should have 1-2 homers and I'm frequently going 30-40 innings without hitting or allowing one
The average this year is about 2.5 HR/Game (combined), so it's really not even close. They need to increase swing-and-misses (especially on strikes) and bump power back up. If I miss the ball completely with my PCI, there should be no contact whatsover. Not a foul ball, not a weak single, it should be a complete miss. This would solve two problems. There would be less weak pop outs and ground balls and also less shitty hits.
No, it doesn't. SDS even said HR/9 is only a factor in simulations, it has literally no impact in actual games.
H/9 and K/9 affect the size of the PCI. BB/9 and Control affect your accuracy (I believe BB/9 affects the timing mechanism of however you pitch and Control affects how close the pitch ends up to your aim, but I may be wrong. Velocity and break are important too, but I recommend going on daddyleagues and looking at the individual velocity and break for each pitch. Also each person is a little different, so focus on what type of pitchers and pitches you succeed with.
No the Lucroy, didn't realize they made Team Epics un-quicksellable.
That's the worst part for me, I just don't have that desire to play anymore.
In real life it would happen more often but the reward is not worth the risk.
Wasn't Trump the one doing all the promoting?
I know this tweet: https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/821415698278875137?lang=en Is there more to the Walmart and GM thing? And did Trump take credit for them like he took credit for Carrier?
Don't know my full stats but my ERA yesterday was 0.35 (2 ER in 51 innings) in games ranging from 600 to 743
What it is with NNs and this style of response? I see plenty of complaints of "Oh, it's all NS users and NNs all get downvoted" but then you see a thread like this, on the front page of the sub for 12+ hours and the first is either a joke or intentionally obtuse - it appears as if you didn't even bother to read the article.
I love all the twitter people yelling bullshit when really that's code for "he had explosive diarrhea"
Or whenever someone slidesteps
Just on the ones I mentioned? What?
ERA means so little for relievers
Who am I bigoted against?
My team is pretty much exactly like other teams I'm facing, and yeah I have a stacked one - packing Trout will do that. But are you really picking up on that and not the 14 innings of shutout baseball?
Alright you need to re-evaluate your viewpoint. If you were younger I would assume it's a phase but at your age it probably isn't. The world isn't some evil place where everyone is out to get everyone. I'm not saying trust everyone, but experts are experts and all you're going to do is end up hurting yourself or dying if you ignore all scientists, doctors and professionals.
It was closer to an hour, I was in bed on reddit when I saw it, jumped out of bed and completed the missions. Quick sold them all for 5k each
Wait wasn't there some huge controversy last year because a ref let a fighter go completely to sleep and didn't stop it immediately?
https://www.mmafighting.com/2016/6/26/12032308/scary-late-stoppage-as-fighter-is-choked-unconscious-in-legacy-fc Wasn't UFC but I think that's the one I'm remembering. Mario was way early but still some users seem to think it's better to be late than early because no bones can be broken, but it's not that simple
Take a video and send it to them
I had a guy slide step with Stras with nobody on, which is a thing for him. Luckily I also had Stras starting so I did it back a couple times and he stopped.
1) You are aware that it's not Joseph being worshipped right? 2) Christians believe Mary was a virgin, which is all that matters. If you want to nitpick things, it's not even top 10 for hardest to believe
Sure, but the guy you're responding to said worst RoY of all time, and he's right
Name one player who put up worse numbers and won
Name one of those that had a worse rookie season. He put up 10, 4 and 3 with mediocre peripheral and advanced stats. Maybe he's close to Mike Miller, but that's it. Also, don't move the goal posts and suddenly say we're comparing careers. And how is "I bet you haven't even heard of the guys on this list which proves nothing" even relevant? What, did you start the argument assuming this isn't the worst RoY of all time and now you're in too deep? And for what it's worth, junior, not only am I older than you, I'm pretty sure I've been studying basketball longer than you've been alive.
Miller was the worst RoY of the modern era before Brogdon. And any stat that says he had a better rookie year than Bron is lying. Do you know how Win Shares are calculated? If you did you would realize why it's a stupid stat. Why not look at PER, VORP, True on/off, or any number of other stats? Just because they aren't easily sortable on b-r? Thought so.
The sixers? What? And what, you want me to list why he's been statistically worse than every RoY? He has shit counting stats, horrendous defensive metrics, 14.9 PER (the definition of average is 15), shot well from 3 but was assisted on 90% of those, and did it all while averaging significantly less minutes than any RoY before him. Now name one player you think he bad a better season than. That was your claim, burden of proof is now on you.
That's where you're wrong. I've shown conclusively he's the worst, you have to show me one better to prove me wrong. Otherwise you concede you were just talking out of your ass and got called out on it
I already showed my work. Give me any proof he's not the worst, name one player to compare him to. I'm not going through 60 RoY winners
Are you too stupid or illiterate to see flairs? I don't know if there's some third-world mobile app you're on, but the TR is there on reddit.com and the [Raptors] is there on mobile. And how was I triggered by your mention of AI, I never mentioned it once? Do you really think Brogdon was a better rookie than Iverson? And when have I ever talked about Embiid or Saric? I am comparing Brogdon to other RoY winners throughout history? Who do you cheer for? Or were you just bored because you're a kid on summer break and wanted to argue about nothing?
Let's compare two players Player A: 20.9 PPG, 5.9 APG, 5.5 RPG, 1.6 STL, 0.7 BLK, 48.8 TS%, 18.8 PER, 1.9 BPM, 3.1 VORP Player B: 11.9 PPG, 1.7 APG, 4.0 RPG, 0.6 STL, 0.2 BLK, 54.1 TS%, 13.2 PER, -0.4 BPM, 1.0 VORP Who had a better season?
The only post of yours I have downvoted is your last one, because it was stupid and intentionally obtuse, considering I just told you I'm a Raptors fan, you twit. And if you use team wins to judge an individual, or if there is any circumstance that you would take Player B over Player A, then I hope you become the GM of literally every other Eastern Conference team because holy shit, you're either trolling or really, really bad at statistical analysis.
Sandberg doesn't interest me but Felix does. What are the program missions?
What was your team name?
He has the best changeup in the game. I've been destroying with him, he's great
52% of the cap means they still have $48 million to fill out their roster, it's more than doable. The problem isn't those two, it's Carroll eating up 14-15 mil that is the real problem.
Did the Balls end up on Smackdown?
Sandy vagina because I said you should clarify that you're talking about hypothetical moves? And not sure if you noticed but your team just added Chris Paul
Most actually good players don't do that because they know how risky it is and how often they end up emptying their bench or bullpen (especially with bullpen fatigue and elite hitters). I'm at 771 with a fairly stacked team (bullpen is all golds and I don't have Dawson, but still stacked) and if I put Bethancourt and some shit common in my lineup, my Mod is still +150. If I was down at 400, it'd be maxed out, even with those guys. Either way, it limits the number of times you'll have to play an all-diamond squad when you're just starting out.
No, but it means if you're at 400 with an all-diamond squad you are less likely to face a guy at 400 with an all-silver squad. It's not perfect (I would like to see it so that once you hit 900, you cannot drop below that number) but it's something
Overall doesn't affect your rating mod. It's the 6 factors and how your guys rate in those areas, which is why if you stack your team and bench with all power-heavy, low-speed guys you can have a lower ratings mod than a more balanced lineup. Also your bullpen arms don't rest up until you put them back in your lineup, so you can only rotate for so long.
Yeah, I already have Ray and Ross so I'm waiting for Greinke and Sanchez to rotate through
How many people on the left know about or believe Project Veritas? 1-2% tops?
That was the best protected secret of 90's wrestling (unless the Montreal Screwjob was actually a work). I don't think they admitted it was a work until way after - IIRC the initial story was he had post-concussion syndrome from the Syracuse beatdown and they wove it into storyline to give him time off, retirement was considered a possibility as well. That was also one of the first times they had guys "break character" on TV
"If I didn't see it, it never happened, ever."
OP also said he had issues with stuff at launch, maybe he's an area with a shitty connection which leads to more of these problems?
Guarantee I could make an all-diamond lineup and get it under 78. Just tank your bench and starters, only 3 inning games
Lol take the L kid, I proved you 100% wrong. It works with Ripken and Soto (who plays better than Lucroy) and I even had to use 2 bronze starters because all my commons got exchanged
It's a 3 inning game why the fuck would the bench matter? L
Post your real lineup if you think Brock and Kinsler are no good. You're just talking out your ass because I conclusively showed you're wrong
Aw cute I have a stalker
Oh you meant to say "waaahhh I can't use my team full of end game players in every event"
I'm at 771, not sure what that has to do with you being so horribly wrong in this discussion that you've gone full Trump (calling a direct quote of your own words a lie)
So your actual words you wrote, that I was proving wrong, were....in fact...wrong. You agree. You changed your point after to a completely subjective "well I bet you can't use these specific diamonds I hand picked" which is completely different
I think you mis-read what I wrote. The 78 OVR cap means nothing because an entire team of golds is likely to have an OVR under 78, especially with 3-inning games meaning bench, bullpen and rotation don't have to be deep.
I knew that, I just gapped when I was looking at the list and forgot for a moment I was only looking at NL players. Thanks for the point out, there really aren't many good NL 2B available. And I showed a guy yesterday but if you tank your rotation and bench (3 inning games so they don't matter) you can run an all-diamond lineup with 99s and still get under 78. You will see top-tier golds at every position except rotation from a lot of guys.
Yeah, complete brain cramp. Also I should have mentioned IV Aaron Hill, although he does have splits at least they're reverse splits and his 85 vision helps.
The only issue I have with your post is the "just don't interact with them" idea. Bullies chase and feed on fear, so if you avoid them, they will find you (and again, technology and social media plays a huge factor here). How do you avoid someone who goes out of their way to torpedo your friendships, relationships and social life?
No, but I sometimes forget they exist entirely.
You came out stronger, a lot of kids aren't that lucky. And banning phones or whatever would only stop honest kids. If a kid is willing to bully by taking a picture of someone in a compromising position, why would they care about a phone ban? And no shit it's illegal as an adult - so is harrassing and stalking someone, which is a large part of non-physical bullying.
I agree, I just think you're underrating how much of the bullying is the severe stuff, and I think that's where the focus should be. Maybe we need to start charging these kids with actual crimes?
I use whatever it is CB5 is using here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he5GQJ-9hJ0 Jump to 8 minutes
2x each combo piece and 24 stall/heal/draw cards. That would have sucked to play against
Only with Ozzie, and I'd rather have 20 throwing errors where I'm to blame than 15 where I had no control in the first place.
I wonder if his price changes at all? I would think not much, unless it affects pull rates
No updated next week, either.
Double XP and tickets, not stubs
A bump during the cage match
