I am surprised people play Annie/Brand support for stun (and deeps), when there is a champion named Veigar that can stun up to FIVE enemy champs, including their pets (drake, ghosted ally) and it's on a 7.7s cd with 45% CDR max rank (basicaly 4s and some after the previous cast ends). I didn't try to support rankeds with it but when I feel *villainous*...
You should/must have Naut. Versatile and fun to play. And can roleplay Big Daddy from Bioshock. Probably best joke in game too.
The road to success is sprinkled with enemy tears and ballads of hate. His W being one of the most impactful non-ultimate ability helps a ton.
Apdo could carry outside challenger with any champ. Nunu mid might be best for it since is the *TILT* champ. *Bronzies* ^(anything under plat) should stop dreaming at top 0.02% and look just one tier ahead of them.
Funny thing is many replies disagree with me. "useless without farm" ^^lmao "annie has better chance at multiple stuns" ^(if you go in their face) "unreliable stun" ^(I've landed triple stun under our turret that turned the fight around single handedly, 4v3 became 1v3, and they were spread) Again Veigar support play style fits an evil mastermind type of person, not a honest to God support. Laning phase, if ADC is on the ball, a stun means free poke, enemy ADC lose some cs at worst. Mid late game, basically one *effective* spell you need to spam every fight you can get on. You can focus on your active trinkets like aegis and frost queen. If the enemy mage comes in range R is free damage. The only thing you really care on Veigar support is CDR, and it's easy to get plenty.
&gt; Why there are loads of [anything] ^(E: there are loads of stupid people too, me included; should we follow the majority example blindly?) I want to leave you happy with your opinions, yet I'd recommend against unoriginality and 'follow the pack' attitude. If you like Brand bot, go Brand bot. I tried Veigar bot and I liked Veigar bot, more than Brand. I'll add Veigar to my list of support champs I can take into the fight, and strike out Brand. My problem isn't that Veigar is bad support. My problem is ADCs that go *tilt* from champ select assuming I want to steal farm and do fuck all whole game with zero reactions to landed stuns.
Skimmed through it and few thoughts were: This must be a pain to update and modify. It will probably succumb in the cesspool of ol' forgotten forum threads, unless stickied. Then it hit me: Dude, Github that *shit*. Forum posts is the worst way to do it.
Microsoft Edge doing something better than Chrome and Firefox overlords? On what browser did they dev/test this?
Every week since Season 1 and Rito still can't hire an intern to do it. Free karma for 6 seasons!
More likely Police's Cortana doesn't appreciate citizen's bad taste for that whore Siri. (can switch names around)
That won't stop rengars from one shotting.
Wait. isn't it done already? I thought that's how report function works. especially back when lvl1 global spam.
&gt; inb4 deals 50% of base attack as Kappa damage FTFY
&gt; highest dps mmmnope? highest base damage like 2h hammers or facebreakers + % auras. Speed is just convenient. reduced duration and aoe size is what you ant next. As for crit, depends on what %crit chance they give as a base.
Spot on. 2 years a go I read a (overly worded) post by Charan where he pointed out that the game was turned in who has best biggest aoe clearing skill and how many mooks can you one shot on the screen at once. Ant this one skill must/is useful for both mooks and bosses. Wich might be fun, but lacks RPG-sih interaction with enemies. Everything is cannon fodder. Last time I tried melee skills was a facebreaker dominating blow at level 15 something that was evilish fun also extremely clunky and laggy. I don't even care about melee options anymore. Spectral throw, ground slam, leap slam are 'melee' options for me.
and 0 damage to flying enemies?
Both are equally toxic for your health too. Here is champ's lore: &gt; I wanted to be an artist but I ended assassinating plebs for *nothing*.
Nice schooling in gaming economics. I give you that. *But*, this dynamic queue experiment resulting in higher *ARPU*, as you call it, is more day dreaming than smart move. The funny part is that soloq-ers are the vocal minority^? while teams and boosters have a field day banging anuses left and right.
Bullshit PR response. They are in damage control mode now. But I guess it's fair. they get BS too if they fuck up.
There are plenty QoL that community demands and are good for the game. New team builder is ^(^fucking ^finaly) nice; dynamic q that came with it and took who knows how much time to develop, not so much.
It is hard to get into. But probably worth it. More features, better in game pings. Is not as pretty and cartoonish as LoL (which I like), but might be your alley. Only thing is you need a better rig to play it. LoL has lower requirements.
Dqueue is pretty great for those who like to play in teams, but don't quite get 5s ready to go. They won't voice complaints. For the first time in 5 seasons is SoloQ that get shit on. And they are right to be vocal about it. And all this when we fucking finally get an advanced team builder. (that has it's rough edges too btw) Spagetti code management 101. -Rito
I will be over here with minecraft, darkest dungeon and maybe path of exile or undertale. gonna wait few months until Riot figure it out with their juggernauts, marksman mordekaiser, adc revamp, keystone balance, dynamic queue, loot chests and whatever. I swear every month or two there is a new bullshit; and it's not only at pre-season time. They still have to refactor their spagetti code, balance changes and TADDAM is world champion time!
foreveralone_border.png is what we get.
I quite wonder myself why don't they bring this gem of a dynamic queue to Korea, China and Europe. 1. lets watch SKT1 stomp soloQ or get stomped ^(yah lol) by random 5s 2. China has huge player base ranging from utter shit to good; little to no language barrier (Tencent too) 3. Europe - language barrier, good fucking luck getting on voice coms with anything but your citizens.
And barely got little over half positive response. God knows what category of players too.
&gt; Faker cyberstalking something something also Dopa/APDO on china If you can leech data from other streaming sites than Twitch ofc. Already using your site to watch epic Singed plays :^)
Once you figure out the kinks, is a great automation tool. Hope he can add more streamers and outside of twitch too.
Doesn't make for good streaming revenue I guess.... Flashy plays entertainment and all that. Maybe if you roleplay Skrillex or something.
Just watched random Zyra support by Aphormo. what a beast. Hyped.
Better play on smurfs account or avoid rankeds if you even ask this; up to a month at least. Baring the shitfest that is placements there willl be a lot of balance issues and problems with new champion select (dynamic queue or not)
Mordekaiser is a marksman ...and rest is pretty much the same. win rates will shuffle based on balance changes on next patch. It's more about the new champ select more than anything.
Take a break if you feel bored/burned. Unlike dog, wife, kids, job; you can quit playing LoL whenever you want. You will always come back even just for a featured game mode. See if you like DOTA2 more. plenty of great new games on steam too (and off-steam) ATM I'm making XP farms in Minecraft. chill as fuck. And I don't know if game is boring as much as constantly frustrating. Balance issues, bugs, spagetti, unpopular changes. Missing long awaited QoL features.
All i could think while seeing the replay [Release the KRAKEEEEN](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/fairytailfanon/images/9/9f/Release_the_Kraken_by_GENZOMAN.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120623043106)
RIOT's fault for making it shit. He legit thinks is the new shinnier better starting option that Riot designed for ADCs
No, you liked the role selection part. Rito trying to nudge us to ~~play more with friends~~ get stomped by 5s team instead of random soloQ is where the schism is at.
jokeoveryourhead.meme It's a trollish game mode with trollish matchmaking and trollish music. Respect the artist's design choice. It's how he intended to present us the video collage. Ofc you don't have to like it, but no need to be asinine about it.
Can't wait for them to release soloQ too. I bet they will drag on it's release a lot tho. they want us to invest enough time in dynamic queue to get used to it. And then they release soloQ saying best rewards are with dyQ ranks. Time will tell if playerbase will align to Lyte and co. vision about the future. Biggest question for me is how will streamers go about it... streaming is always solo. will they make streamer collab team? Will streamer make a team with anon friends?
Not only he has anger management issues from years of LoL (makes you aggressive) he is also pretty annoyed over with dyQ and soloQ fuckery from riot, since he went to Korea from China to try get top rank (competitive challenge) and then Riot pulls this &gt; soloQ is released later Teams -&gt; Esports soloQ -&gt; personal skill recognition; pretty big thing in Korea and China. WTF is he going to do now? play scrims with his chineese translator chick?
Best TEAMS, not players. ...with coaches and gaming houses at their disposal. wait until sponsors chipe in. in a way this could be cool. in another way it will be a &gt; money &gt; random skilled Apdo.
Professional compliments included. Why is she so *clothed?* Zyra is all naturel and sideboob covered in plants thingie. Was expecting leafs and branches... only. ^^fan ^^service ^^design ^^pls Plants are best.
I like to write &gt; dyQ so I can think of it as a dick queue
A good trait in a competitive setting.
Tahm is love; Tahm is life! I insta bought TK just for that.
AAAAnd this is why I find DD so stresful to play. One simply cannot plan for dodges/misses/resists in his rotations. Death is one coin toss away. Cross the street? Death Door. Flip the pages in a book? Torn rotator. Cast light on the shinny red globe with a torch? Ctulhu tentacle spawn. And I always hated ^good games that had me manage multiple team members. As for video. At first I tho it will be a a long dungeon full of close calls with bitter end. Wiping at what is the tutorial enemy pack is.... worth filling a salt mine. Loved the captions.
is not OK to consume tens of hours of human time to enjoy finishing the story. Think [Humane game design](https://www.reddit.com/r/Gaming4Gamers/comments/332paj/humane_design_games_must_be_good_to_their_players/) There are hardcore games but they have a easy / normal setting usually.
Hope they go even further. The embarking part should allow the use of skills/gear upgrade from hamlet, for one and a smarter design. stash covers half the screen; hero window cover whole screen.... yadda yadda
In eune I pick supp/top and the que popup is damn near instant on supp. (which I like, but once I went tilt and played Singed support; ^^we ^^won ; my team seemed cool about it) How did you even get your secondary role behind support lol. And the new champ select is butter smooth. Prettyer and better response to clicks.
Lyte got all the hate for new dynamic queue; But I must say that new champ select is butter smooth. Pretty and responsive to clicks. (as long as i plunge in my primary supp role tho)
Any online game with 'roles' will have this situation. some roles are more popular than others due to: fun, challenge, responsibility (or lack of). Many people want to be the goalie; not so many the goalkeeper. Best part about the new system? I get to play all kinda supports. from Tahm Kench to Singed^^once and w/e else I feel like.
I liked your metaphors. Zyra needs some love as in some QoL changes and fleshed out minigame. thing is there are other ugly champs that need revamp more than her. I have no hope that mage revamp will give us a new Zyra like marksman revamp gave us new Graves.
That picture is the source of all the hype. His release, if ever, will be gloriously good, or bad. no middle ground.
Shyvana is an druidish-dragon. She morphs in it (half-dragon) Ao Shin is full time dragon, chinese style dragon at that; which is a big thing, in itself. Also brings the possibility of awesome abilities. Shyvana's are pretty... boring. even the flame spit is a joke compared to Rumble's flame spitter. Ao Shin floats, Nami style. There is also the rumor that it will bring a new hitbox shape.
Think about it as 'shoulder line'. ADC advances 1 step? Janna advances half step. ADC backs off 1 step? Janna backs off 2 steps. Exceptions: getting in position to make plays, wards, body shield skill shots. But me mindful of the enviorment hazards.
First, my God stop being so pretentious, support life is most chill. you don't have to take care of creep score whole game. Always free to look at map, make some poke and wiggle in front of enemy bot lane like a schmuck bait. Second, ADCs hate only bad supports. or bad ADCs hate passive supports, who just try to keep them safe through laning phase. OFC we *sacrifice* ourself like giving up kills, killing ourself for the greater good, buying support items that are... boring. But that's what maskes us good supports. We should get praise when we do outstandingly well. Maybe worst thing as a supp, for me, is when every lane is failing and I don't know who to support past lane phase game to augment his carry potential. Because supports don't carry, they nudge in the right direction, multiply carry potential or make plays.
Nice analysis and gz on gold. After trying few combinations I came upon the question: **We all know the red vs blue +/- % win chance in summoners rift; but what about first pick/last pick % win chance?** Becasue IMO team B has a slight advantage at pick order with counters and team comp. Edit: messed up mid and top; basically a question of who gets to expose his lane first. [Analysis](http://i.imgur.com/LKY8Hcb.jpg)
Not disagreeing with you; but random means also IMO that last pick team has a slight advantage. Curious about statistics on this situation; not talking about teams who trade. I would like that support roles always pick last; in a world w/o trading.
I am biased towards support, and i say that blind pick support is next to useless for bot lane duo. Because can't react to enemy picks. and in soloQ I have next to no idea who am I synergizing with. Top lane is solo. Jungle will pick w/e is on his agenda usually. Pick tanky support? pick janna support? blitz? only advantage is if you pick contested OP supports like tahm kench before everyone.
take your sweet time guys. If Tahm nerfs are effective, Graves is right up next on the ban list.
I wish you happy game vs Graves any lane (esp bot lane). He is brutal.
he is good at taking champs down in brutal fashion. what it matters.
good luck with Subterranean /joke emote vs Astronautilus.
they were probably aimed at a certain anime fans target.
Damn fucking right they botched it. *ANOTHER* Sona skin!? ^(it looks nice tho) Where is my Lovespreader Singed; Heartdigger Yorick; Heartseeker Urgot. Heartbinder Amumu. Ugly ^^^people champs need love too. Rito please. ^^Orianna ^^is ^^insta ^^buy ^^btw.
Sona is missing an MD skin!
But they nerf Graves which is nice.
Is OK mate; once they decide to bless us with soloQ again all this traversty will be over. meanwhile enjoy your valentine skins.
Tanky supports: Tahm Kench for obvious reasons; Nautilus is the best hooker between Thresh and Blitz (IMO). Thresh is not as tanky and Blitz is hit an miss; had great fun with Illaoi, def will try again; Taric does exceptionally well with Graves IMO; Rammus if you want to take lot of hits and bait ADC. Braum is GG with nimble attackers (Lucian, Vayne, Ezreal). Not so tanky supports: Janna, Soraka, Swain (if you want to be a cock giver of the bot lane, not so much for peels); Morgana, Lulu I had a win with Support Singed too; like wtf man everything works. You just need coordination and decent ADC that isn't a crybaby. Just don't be a cock and: 1. buy wards 2. keep adc safe 3. help team/ADC get kills/creep gold. *^badum ^tss* support main.
Defending your Janna example here. Thresh needs to land a skill shot at the right time and right opponent. Fail to do so and you're left frustrated. But Janna has peels for ADC and huge AD buff. Her shields, if abosrbed, add up to adc livehood by saving pretious HP points and buying time to lifesteal more. her ult is a huge displacement AND heal
[Shen is not so poop IMO](#face-eww)
[Wiki link](http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Nautilus) [Champion.gg for support Naut](http://champion.gg/champion/Nautilus/Support) As an Astronautilus support myself (the to go champ when my team picks paper carry into mundo+cho) I tend to max W first. because every little helps. Shields tend to make you deceptively tanky. Your question on what to max? At level 5 you can have 3 ranks in either W-shield or E-Riptide. rank3 W: 75HP + 13% of your max hp + 50/2s bonus magic dmg (if shield holds) rank3 E: 130 dmg + half of that + 40% slow (up from 30%) I'd say go with the shield so you can sustain more trade in lane. But if you read the links you can make an educated choice. Point is to play according to your skills; max riptide? then try to dodge poke and go in to land riptide on them. Max shields? then try to bait and sprinkle them with autos. Damage you take is damage your ADC didn' take. ^(Disclaimer: Silver I ^^and ^^^climbing ^^^to ^^^challenjour)
For the sake of discussion I'd argue that E and Q doesn't scale with anything you build if you go full tank. Ap ratios are wasted. If you get at least some spell penetration in the form of abyssal scepter (to help your ap carryes too) then yeah. W will benefit first and always from every point of armor/mr and HP you get.
Preach it. This patch my dream combo is Taric with Graves. You just, like, only need to be around Graves. Those passives stack and you have tankiest Marksman. Sightstone, boots, frozen heart, Aegis. Heal for extra bonus armor/mr. The armor shred from W with full ad Graves is the icyng on the cake.
Ya people should stop crying about boring kits. Support role is open to pick champs that augment team chance to win. Pick what you think will do good against enemy team.
It is also the last chance to play the good ol' Taric. God knows what rework they give him.
Depends what you go for. Lane pressure is achieved when you can show them who is the boss and have them call you their Daddy. Being tanky is a sure way to tell them who is the boss. (also gives your adc a reliable front liner)
Duuuude; Please make clear distinction between new champion select and dynamic queue, they came together but not the same thing. New champ select is butter smooth; when you get against climbing premades is where shit hits the fan. cancer and reports are flying about.
Now this is weird. This guy wrote a whole story for a champ for *free* and then we have the dank and secret past when I stole your wife, story.
Looks like Caitlyn has a though job on her hands. Can't wait for the sniper showdown.
No you're not sorry. Count my upvote.
In ARAM I fumbled her R so bad; Reason being it has ^*short* a cast time and at the end will 'shoot' in front of her. So if you cast R and turn back or sideways you fumble it. RITO pls
When your only option left is to die.
48 minutes of struggle and sweaty hands. Reminds me of when I promoted in Gold 5. the feels man.
We have had that discussion with Chris on other thread and the conclusion was: They will introduce more prophecies as they are ready.
You get some message about how to socket your skills and use waypoints, maybe. That's the tutorial.
Golden tip. Gonna save it and try suggest it to my friends.
Jokes on you. Soldiers will be robots too. Or long distance guided drones.
At this point I think GGG should just make patch torrents with whole .ggpk game file. Steam users would love it methinks.
Dunno about you but when reddit is down I feel lost. &gt; Just what am I going to do with my life for the next hour? And then it's backup.
While it had happened to me too, I feel like **^meh** when I have to do any trading. Either buying or selling. Even with premium tabs that greatly improved it, it's a chore. I have enough chores at work. Do you want us to interact? give us a fun environment to do it. not trading.
pretty bad argument. sure there are bad 'QoL'. But for 4-5 y/o games the most ruining factor it's age itself. You can't say QoL ruined vanilla Warcraft. The novelty just wore off but improvements and MMO formula kept it going.
we just spew random arguments lol. &gt; Path of Exile quality of life improvements &gt; lottery winners &gt; warcraft &gt; sense of accomplishment &gt; less effort I'd challenge you to try play a [4 year old version of Path of Exile](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os-4RGEORzw). Where would you draw the line between QoL and natural game progression or improvements? There are many since then. some of them pretty useless. As for lottery winners, it's because nobody taught them how to be 'rich' and what to do with so much money beyond their dreams.
Because getting gems for a decent build with supports and all, beyond what quests gave you, was extreme RNG. Templar was king with 3? reduced mana gems, and everyone wanted clarity. Also trading was bad most of the times. So you gated builds behind RNG, a lacking trading system coupled with either new players who couldn't do shit or experienced players who grew tired of the system. Now you have a dead and defunct 'old way' that you happen to still like, because harder. Also, what some would see as "challenging" some would see as time waster, that detract from building and killing monsters, aka 'fun'.
A QoL: let us set a 'macro' or whatever that casts all auras in a setup at once. Will it overcomplicate the UI? probably. Will I feel less stupid doing menial tasks? very likely. Too hard to code right for little gain, also prone to bugs? saddly yes. Will it stop us to clog the reddit bandwidth with QoL memes? never.
Shh, bby. It's OK. Enjoy this age and leave it to next generations to worry about it. Unless we send ourselves back to stone age with nuclear/electronic/biological weapons, scientific breakthroughs will keep happening; and there are many areas where we can get % improvements.
[Better article here](https://www.ucdavis.edu/news/worlds-first-1000-processor-chip) &gt; The fabrication was sponsored by the Department of Defense and ... For something like this they found sponsors.
IBM are aimed for corporate and industrial specialised 'vaporware'. While we are stuck in console vs PC or Intel vs AMD debates on internet, they milk the corporate and government sector. We, home users, don't need their expensive revolutionary specialised prosessors because we would just use it to browse reddit and photoshop images; which 'specialised' isn't for.
&gt; in capitalism people will lie, cheat and steal to get ahead. this is human nature, not capitalism. Everybody lied, cheated and stole at one point in life. Mother nature, everyone. No need to worship her. It just *is*.
&gt;You can play the game, make wonky builds and clear in the way/speed you want. &gt;You don't need to play CoC, you don't need to play 12 hours a day to have fun. &gt;Play for fun, not to complain. Thing is this part is inherent to being an online game with community attached to it. you kind of learn sooner than later that your build sucks, your grinding takes too long and you are alone and you have no friends to hook you up. &gt; The whole idea is to build up your character and become godlike. Being godlike is fun for like 1 hour, give or take. I do like clear speed builds. Gives a sense of progression and speed, good for adrenaline and focus. I don't like spikes in FPS and damage. Now you are ass blasting whole map and next second you are dead. Clear speed is nice, but when you one shot creeps and bosses before they can do one action is... boring?
More like, some show pain, some don't.
**Con**^^^fuck **gra**^^^you **tula**^^^,OP! **tions.**
thanks for links. 1 hour later and amazed of how could javascript, canvas and webGL make a more amazing browser experience. For some things CSS can't hold a candle.
while the claimed reasons might be wrong, I find it indeed quite not safe for work to open such link.
while I agree with you on the 10% less monster HP, I'd take an additional arrow over culling any time. Culling strike can't crit and feels pointless versus trash mobs.
LMAO I liked it. Long live the Queen!
Thanks for reply and concise explanation, sir. Now again. In my opinion, it's voters responsibility too. &gt; vulnerable to populism? Of fucking course. Maybe somebody will learn that education, "rational, fact-based discourse" are more important than "how much money and/or power can we gain", "how much can we lobby to put more money in the hands of rich people and banks". Prime ministers come and go. shit stays.
I used to have problems playing Zyra supp. before worlds. I have problems playing Teemo supp this season. Problems as in players will call me on it. And I tell 'em to stick it. That's how 'meta' and community works. We absolutely should try more champs in different roles. I don't know why Riot tries to shove a meta so hard. Champs used to be flexible.
The more unique and overloaded champs Rito releases, the more I appreciate Singed design. Boring passive, ult, abilities. But holy molly such an unique playstyle.
You fix ADC's by nerfing tanks and assassins. Colossus passive. Poppy bullshit. Syndra R = kill ADC. Jungle being uber obnoxious to laners, especially bot. Can't even pressure with aggresive supports. Then you fix ADCs.
Tanks have high base dmg on abilites so they can do some, while building tank. If you buy tank items as adc, you don't have high dmg abilities. you don't have basic dmg. you're shit. best u can do on adc is QSS and maw. Guardian 5th or 6th item. Ashe with thornmail is just for tutorials.
&gt; adc lul
COTC pushed many tanks up in win rate. supposedly a counter vs assassins. Sion is top % support, Poppy is obnoxious top. Now Riot will be at work nerfing tanks a bit, then nerfing COTC then assassins will rape freely again. Meanwhile ADC will be pushed away from bot by APC. Buy more skins. Make League of Legends great again.
they will do the same with collosus. nerf tanks, then nerf keystone
you must git gud or something. working as intended. e: forgot the /s
Amen. I got autofilled bot, and played Ashe like a bitch. Mediocre cs, subpar damage done, position. But very snippy with R arrows. Let team carry me. My team won because they beat ganks bot lane and got fed. My team won because my R is 3+ sec stun and shuts down Ziggs long enough to delete him or someone else near him. My team won because I sat at turret autoattacking while they zoned/cleared up the enemy.
And still have enough '*jump*' get away with it too....
Now, they do.
Mage supports have spamable decent base damage abilities + zoning tools. can do damage with boos, sightstone and gold income item. And only gets better with 4th+ items. It's why u can't really pick AD supports. is either mages or tanks.
then you are too greedy. Some junglers like Yi do this too. they steal most of kill gold.
more likely, the team who wins fight w/o their ADC wins game. Nobody is putting any egg in ADC basket now.
&gt; 4 hour game good sex lasts less than 4 hours while on the short side, consider that we're used to unlimited replayability of the MMO-x era and huge sand-boxes.
he could try be a speed tank. he dodges so fast skillshots can't catch him. good for warding in dangerous places. his ult could be useful with a frozen mallet and black cleaver?
ADCs don't know how to play with him. And is hard to be aggresive with him. Best success I had was one game in silver when i picked up teleport and smite and stole all red buffs from enemy Vi. She ganked but couldn't kill because red buff is a big part of her damage. &gt; more like shitty game tbh... Her actual words at the end.
&gt; Why even play it lol the ancient old dilema. For thrills ofc. Is like roleplaying a rape. actual rape isn't fun.
And that's how you become a stealth archer.
the state of LoL is pretty hard to fix and unforgiving for 2-3 roles, atm. Bot lane: 'adc'+ supp. - many problems from marksmen being extremely weak and with little tools to save themselves against the dash meta. balanced with supports saving them, in mind. support players being extremely tired to play the babysitter role for a late bloomer to carry. the clownfiesta bot lane. Tanks/bruisers supposed to kill adc if he can't peel for himself. Assassins too. Mages too. even mage supports can kill ADC if they get a combo off. what's left? Top lane is pretty sad too because is long lane, you're alone and pushing past river exposes you to ganks, which is very easy with the high XP jungle atm. most of the time you pick self-sustain tanks or roamers.
&gt; barely has any weakness like what? dash, knock up, utility, damage, tankines, shields. her only weakness is being melee but her passive gives her range too.
her best CC is her ult. utility in her W E is a displacement. wall stun is a huge bonus and easy to pull in the heat of a battle.
&gt; The E without the wall stun is worth nothing but a short range gap closer. Alistar makes great use of his headbutt. why us her W 'bad' without the wallstun? her ult can send away the enemy front line and open the backline. it's not just for 1s knock up.
You guys upgrade it to 10 bans just when I got tired of bans and ban Aatrox like Faker. How about do away with bans, and push for a balanced champ pool? top bans are top for a reason.
More like guaranteed World cups 2017, 2018 and 2019 for Faker.
Each player should get a ban by now..
&gt; strategy More like break their comp, strategy.
It's how bot lane been balanced so far. ADC need to have his supp peel for him. Most adc abilities suck at peeling for themselves.
If your support picks Malz you stop crying like a clueless baby and pick Jhin and win the game. Jhin synergise so well with aggresive supports it's crazy.
Bot lane will always be the bangest lane because reasons: * drake * they are lower level; ults vs. no ults * a good gank can give you 2 and maybe 3 kills if jungler/mid shows up too. (for champs like Kata this is a ripe lane) * top can teleport bot. * bot lane is squishy and supp might not be able to peel 2-3 champs with their own CC
wait for her rework, after Ryze.
Varus would have been dead 2 times over w/o Janna. it's why ADCs are always weak. so you can kill them if their support doesn't do his job. And it sucks for ADCs.
Aphromo duo made him popular. People don't realise that. Doublelift himself doesn't know it.
no is not. DL is very reckless. lost a game at worlds because of it.
&gt; weak Squishy? low hp? can be ran over by any champ if not attended?
Reckless *carries* are e pain in the ass at every elo. too greedy, too overxtended, too much chase. DL has the mechanics, craves blood, but no strategic awareness. Not once fed players like that lost games because they thought they win just by kill score.
Dream on baby. nobody will make strategic Morgana bans because her spellshield might fuck up our wombo-combo. you ban often picked annoying champs, and there are not enough bans for that. And in esports they try to ban what champs are players best at. Viktor, Aurelion Sol, Elise, Lee; which forces a wider pool and hidden strong picks.
#Wrong, wrong, all wrong Janna : I want easy wins, easy champ, easy life. Blitzcrank : I feel like being a dick and a troll. Zyra : I want to steal kills from ADC. Soraka : I want to make everyone a tank. Morgana : Enemy picked Blitz/Thresh and i want to make them feel miserable. Braum : IDK what the fuck am I doing but I'm tanky and I don't care. Thresh : I like overloaded utility kits. Bard : I don't know what am I doing but I can kite for days. Lulu : the purple Janna. Karma : Good luck getting away from us. Sion : I saw Sion was high win rate and now I know why. Badass motherfucker. Nautilus : I'm big Daddy. Works best vs enemy Blitz. Tahm : 2 hp bars and still can't win games Q.Q Vel'Koz : ADC is ded at 6. or any level past 6. Ivern : I want to fuck up enemy jungle. Then feed.
it's still freelo against many AD junglers. just wait lvl 6, and deny ADC trades if they dive. between exhasut and blind adc can't do shit.
Stockholm syndrome
&gt; TSM's main shotcaller God bless.
I like how he used ult to reset his passive.
those are highlights. i make good plays now and then vs bronzes. should I make a compilation? :P
oh, that was poppy lol.
ascension sucks! moar poro king!!! ^^/s
not just against adc. every lane. I played top, mid; with autofill; and let me tell you that I can't win 1v1 if I dominate the lane. jungler will be there to fuck me up. and if I don't win lane, jungler will come to fuck me up. Junglers gank too often. and are lvl 6 vs bot lane 4-5 too soon. (or lvl 3 when bot is lvl 2)
you are too entitled. there are easy as pie supports to play. do your part for the community so we can have games going. no more stardew valley in the off time. (it's a good game nonetheless)
NOT SOON ENOUGH! jungle nerfs, syndra nerfs. Bot lane can breathe now.
ya know what. when you have enemy trio gang camp your lane then win the game ya better pick whatever champ you want to play because will be a rough ride. It's full of smurfs, boosters and bad players ready to tilt at a moment's notice.
that was the argument back then ant it's sill true. Can't be competitive when you queue up with high skilled *friends* and proceed to dumpster the game. it had some flaws and now it's fixed. flex is for ranked with friends, we soloQers have no bussiness there.
plants make enemy dead.
you jest with me. what emulates LCS competition is 5v5 teams. not randoms.
I'd use peaceful as in no war and the growing city feels *fluent* to manage. the UI is gorgeous simplistic and informative. And yeah, if you don't know what to expect in winter, many will starve.
ADCs been reworked first, before mages and assassins. It's just since then they been nerfed and other lanes got buffed. And some champs thrive on killing ADC, easily.
&gt; Just play more games until it balances out. do you guys realize he will decay to lower elo until 'it balances out'? he probably got lucky or unlucky, so 10-20 games aren't a good way to show his skill on that champ. pick champs that you know you can blind pick or win/stale against your opponent. don't pick Jayce into anything. Top bruiser/tanks are strongest now.
with bellow 60% win rate you will keep losing promos. and after you lose promos 10 times your LP gains for a win will be low. meaning you have to win many games in a row (higher than 50+%) to even get to promos again then 2 more wins out of 3 (or 3 of 5) games to get past promos. statistically? yes you will climb with 50%+1 win ratio. but takes longer time, to closer you are to your elo. then there is tilt, rage, losing steaks, you try another champ, another lane, come back to your main and wonder what it is life about anyway.
and memes are redditor's Achile heel.
Oi, damn. Let's give her more advice. ^^/s
Wonder how those people feel to go from such amazing and promising MOBA that didn't quite reach sustainability, and go to work on an old and sketchy code base to try make things *better*, but it's popular and pay the bills.
At this point ADC could use a simpler way to play them than buffs/nerfs to numbers. There is Syndra, Poppy, Vi that walk the earth and press buttons and get shit done. Then there are mechanically intensive champs like ADCs that you simply can't afford to misstep cause they're dead. your AA range is not whole screen, you can missclick, and until you have items to two-shot mages and assassins you're pretty dead 1v1.
that's deep man. And here's me with: I should get angry less and keep being smart not tilted.
gives raw mana, ap, and if you happen to get a kill/assist you get stacks on all rings. is best starter item for him, buying 3 of them is 'viable' because what else would you buy that has ap, mana and no cdr?
it's a stupid fucking niche. Supports should be free to support other champs too, roam, ward and what not. her ult should allow her to change her bind after X minutes. wtf is that. the way she is designed now is like anti-soloQ. Like just for pros. hell of a champion, thank you Rito.
a comp centered around "kill the ADC and his supp" would work wonders for freelo in this state of the game. but let's have more mobility and gap closers!
maybe we should build him some damage then... ^hmz.
they need to see how the nerfs to jungle play out before nerfing everything. besides how could you nerf champs that are made to prey on ADCs which are the weakest in game right now. even supports can hold their own better.
/mute all problem? works wonders because me (not) noticing/fixing my mistakes is one thing. having my team mates bait me into flaming is worst thing that can happen after a bad play.
I don't understand why chat restriction didn't stick. it was badly implemented but seemed a good idea. good players just need 4 pings / minute. 60 pings total per game. (random numbers). good players can be toxic. they just need a shorter leash. pinging baron, enemy adc bot and "on my way" should be enough.
lookie mate, ^(que condescending tone) being autofilled means that at some point in queue the game didn't find all main roles and picked **you** to fill the missing ones. eat it up, play safe/easy/tanky champs, take one for the team. or don't play. It's not your or my fault that not all roles are equally fun and with 'agency'. It was support, now ADC is kinda low too because #adc2k17lul C'est la vie.
better than ~~listen to~~ read all the flame.
While happy for Peanut, what happened to old junglers? Bengi?
pretty spot on. there are other things too. memes aside, it's a number game. tanks are too tanky, jungles clear too fast, mid lane is easy for him to roam bot lane, top can teleport bot for added clownfest. how can a champ that builds only AD rely on a support to save him from all that mess. and this is just lane phase.
it doesn't same clownfiesta
ADCs aren't cannons if they have short range, and low dmg for like half the game.
new ww will be something to whine about 100% either OP or UP.
it's like this game is inaccessible to teens and kids...
you break your leg?
l2meme
She'd be dead in fountain too.
I think Lulu is getting new skin.
&gt; Honorable mentions: I'd add Malz there too. since he has suppresion, and self CC xD, bonus points for silence.
Can the loading cursor be a dancing Nidalee? ~~pole~~ spear dance ftw
poorly translated imo.
welcome back Gragas and Evelyn?
Rift herald is good if you want to stomp top for 5-10 minutes. Dragon is good whole game for everyone.
nah dude. there must be weaknesses for counter-play. ^^/s ^^http://champion.gg/champion/Lucian/ADC
Caitlyns are pretty good, by themselves. Few ADCs do well if ahead. (Twitch, Jhin, Cait, Draven-why the fuck did they buff him) but there is fire, where smoke is.
blame your team for not saving you, not Riot ^^/s
with some mods it gets better. at least it doesn't try to make you a stealth archer.
he is waste of farm late game. he needs to be carried by everyone else, including supports.
nah. i don't play adc. i support them. and is pretty useless. not once i feel like i want to follow a jungler or top laner to help him carry. A fiora or nasus with support spell is a beast. ADC is maybe not dead.
rofl. until we do tayler1 amount of flame/toxicity we don't get even a slap on the wrist. there used to be an "your peers reported you for flame, chill and dial it lower" type of message. maybe others didn't take it seriously but I still took it into consideration.
supports needs to spam like monkeys to keep ADCs alive, whereas a bruiser or tank or mage will rape ass, they need just some support to buff them not to keep them from dying
=)) no. their adc was in a team that could carry the game to the end. it's about who can delete ADC better. now if you have a Lucian vs Draven, yeah. Draven would carry.
&gt; "stfu nerd I don't care" &gt; reddit post look like you got triggered mate. trolled status level over 9000
It sounds great but am also worried that this will reduce counter play. what's the point of zhonyas and Vlad pool then? you just die later?
* Bot lane life (ADC+supp) sucks too much. ~~ this one you probably agree on * Summoner's Rift should be re-designed to cut the odd-role out. the low-gold high utility player. it's the only type of game where support role is starved of resources (kills, gold, XP) and if the balance is off it sucks hard. Remember when supports where only about CC and wards? we might liked it but it was shitty game design, and it evolved from *that*. Remember when supports made it to other lanes, like mid? They were nerfed and thrown back bot. For some reason Riot/players don't like strong independent utility champs (supports).
I've seen many Katarinas stomp like that. probably Faker fell sleep with it. button smashing like the old Kat but bit more *counterplay*.
it's the best thing that happened since URF.
and they say "adc in 2k17 lol" is circlejerk. there are items that provide defensive stats for AD, tho. but you need to spread thin your gold itemisation (attack speed, crit, raw ad, passives, defense, hp) I've build (in a trollish game) maw and sterak's gage on Ashe supp so I can survive a Syndra burst. it kinda worked. but you are good as dead anyway and low on dmg.
even supports lmao. how long did that shit last? I still remeber how long took them to fix feral warwick.
you can't run around busting secret strats like that. who upvotes you now are people who got tired of that shit.
probably more so in dota
Garbage? hahahahahahahaha she counters every threat way better than your popular main Janna. Just don't expect to carry games like cheese mage picks do. BTW she has only one skill shot. and her abilities are backed with utility.
He *looks* cheesy but is hard to carry with him as support. His silence hardly counts as CC, and his ult is on a long CD and easily cancelled. Also disables you. His damage is not bursty at all. His spell range is low, which is dangerous vs real carries. Want cheese? play Xerath or Syndra. If you're bored of Brand/Zyra/Vel'koz.
Context: am shit ADC. Ashe is my fav to pick because of her scout and ult. Won games that I shouldn't. Understand that if you pick her you won't carry as a Cait or Vayne does. Also understand that you must look up for ult opportunities to help your team get kills and snowball the game forward. Easiest, if nothing else, is to ult from base down middlane. As for items anything that helps you farm and based on enemy team. Ruuans, IE, Maw, Black Cleaver, Reaver w/e. Just don't be the front line and take down turrets. [Good luck.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaUMQvOPPMc)
Am sympathising with Thresh here. Lucians are the Yasuo mains of botlane. without the carry potential.
press space to center on your champ. a visibility thingie.
Am disappoint that they passed through target dummies. Props for work done.
More like flashy/dashy champs. thinking they can skirt the battle field and make shit happen. problem is it makes them pumped up and crave action. now Lucian has no shield, no cc, no damage steroid on crit except his double shot. most carries will delete them 1v1. Probably none of this applies to Forg1ven probably.
Nice amount of booty
Advertising cost money.
I played almost only supp season 6. when dynamic Q was new and all the **best**. After 300 games I called it quits. Come season 7 and autofill I tried other lanes too and it ain't easy to win for me, used only to supp. Getting autofilled to supp was no problem tho. But is very hard to climb if you play more than 1 role, 2 max. Unless you have a champ that can do all.
There is a guy, who goes by the reddit name moobeat, that follows Riot's patches and changes and news every day. I'd be anxious to even scratch my butt with this amount of stalking.
but we probably watched at some point in time.
well, this is my experience with Losecian too. Won him the lane, and come mid game he dies against everyone else.
it was intentional from Shaco. he knows his clone is gonna explode near Ahri.
Default 's' key to stop.
Agree
press 's' to stop.
Arriving is like knowing the results. The scenery it what matters. having a guide to talk what you see is personal taste.
You can mute ping sounds in options, for that game. if it tilts you.
problem with assassins is that they assassinate. which means you don't get to live much for a fight. it sucks when you are on the recieving end of a fed Katarina or Talon or Regnar. Just look at the shit that we give about the unkillable Poppy. Evil spawn Teemo. Want assassins to be *strong*? Think well what you say.
mods will have a field day I guess.
they assassinate ADCs and squishy mages from supp that is. bruisers and tanks counter everything now.
his strength is that you need to keep enemy silenced/rooted to buy him 3 seconds to kill anything. It's why thresh is a good supp for him.
Now if only they'd disable Camille, Hecarim, Katarina.
Is hard to outplay an instant/guaranteed stun. you better have the items to take a full combo to the face.
Amazing. History in the making right in front of us.
They were pretty tanky tho. Maokai and Poppy lasted a lot. but the high skill and team fights &gt; individual OP champs
it's why I watch the korean stream. they sound competent (I don't understand a thing); and all I care is proper camera focus and replays.
Entertainment takes many forms. At least, for him, a suspension means a hit on income. I think?
god bless supports.
If anything Malz is a weak match up for Yasuo. voidlings are dash targets. Annie has it better. or champs with point and click cc.
Literally on upper left corner of this page.
stop yapping about that shit. we know. that's why *they* do it.
depends. probably a boost for a day, if he writes a 16 pages donezo manifest. but for the other 12 days? he is short sighted too. could have trolled in more subtle ways, than inting. but everyone has a twitch account and camera now.
goes to show that there are many more bullshit champs that we would/should ban. And don't think Jax was a good pick vs her. maybe Irelia?
nono Irelia's kit has counters to Camille. Stun reduction, can build tanky with triforce, gap closing, true damage (vs tanky Camille), a stun of her own. The kit is good. It's a numbers + skill game. probably true in Jax's case too tho.
those were troll picks in games with no winner.
hypothesis time: after 50+ more champs added to game are we going to need 12 ^(13, 15?) bans? is this proper balance and design?
like we should use reddit's votes as a moral compass lol.
you guys don't understand what his ult does? his passive? pokey damage from one source is healed back up fast.
DoTA at it's core xD
I'm not good with listening to english so I understand little of it anyway, so no matter if it's korean or english. All I want is quality view of the game and hype sounds. I hope live replays through the client becomes a thing.
they kept walking back and forth expecting a Cass ult. they turn their backs even before her flash. skill and experience.
Maybe you are right, but Garen in competitive play though... Riot would nerf him if he becomes remotely viable in pro play based on his simple kit.
I don't doubt that she is overtuned. But she can be picked in competitive play and if they don't find an answer for Camille at that skill level who else? this is not about ranked elo, first place is won or lost based on champs and plays.
hard throw at minute 13? in a 40 minutes game? wow.
I'd play her supp if they buff her utility.
Am sad because she is a cool champ that doesn't see play. Her ult would be beast bot lane, but nobody picks her. her kit is balanced around her farming jungle. overloaded kit nonetheless. but that is compared to.. Ashe, Sivir... and like half of LoL champs.
That doesn't say much. most of LoL players are male, and girls have no reason to come out as girls unless they like attention from horny nerds.
it's how they are designed tbh. a team member must follow him around and save him from all the bullshit.
what are you going to do with the gold after you buy SS anyway? Crit, CDR, mana, some def and one more item for utility like black cleaver. Morello maybe? haha.
Am on a list now?
I know, I know A skilled ADC with proper farm and some kills is a monster come mid-late game. It's just that early game and most any other lane/class kill them too easy for any *mistake*. Like showing up early in a fight. or being alone farming. or jumping 4 on him with ults and dashes. Their itemisation is 80-90% damage stats. Rest is movement speed, life steal and maybe 1-2 defensive, but no HP.
counter pick with full tank/bruisers and run it down mid until you win at 20'
something like that would be more playable. as it stands you either spam minions or you are stuck with minimal damage.
nah, Vlad vs Annie is weird. Also he forgot the best of all: ***Cho'gath eating Teemo, how does he tastes like?***
Second game had me hyped and sad at the same time. Why tahm kench again? sure he is a save-bot and damage soak but Jhin synergise very well with a dmg support. I mean Jhin is like the only carry champ for Lemon Wings. why didn't Singed proxy like a mad man? (yay Singed pick) Umti on Lee is a no-threat vs Kha or Rengo. (whoo-hoo Peanut!) SKT with the meta Ziggs bot pick. Tanks have it easy. they can't do mistakes unless they dive enemy fountain turret.
Only this time koreans are getting stomped. hue hue.
time to play (easy) tanks and let his team carry him.
insert wipetearswithdollarbills.jpg so ded inside.
1v5 what? singed and tahm kench? lol!! Liss had no kills on her KDA and Jhin had to juggle between position against 3-4 threats and doing some damage. SKT had no targets but Jhin and Liss, in this order.
&gt; -Poppy tanking all the damage Maokai. when he pops R there is wall of bricks coming at you.
ADCs are sustained dps for taking turrets. ^/s
very true! but if you don't draw at least 2 champs top to try kill you, as Singed, might as well be a inexistent champ because that's his thing. he is not a carry, neither a disruptive tank like Maokai. they picked Singed but really had no strategy for him. just regular laning lol.
what's your problem with Zyra. tank top is basic tactic, it's just Huni got on page with it.
Point is. Wolf did his job very well on a 'just Zyra', and people go like "whatever"
&gt; zyra r34 fans SKT winning games with Kata, Regnar, Poppy. 'Interesting'. It was more about the hype to see Faker body them on Katarina pick in pro play, than anything.
you are right, but as support, his insolence and general ignorance of a role triggers me.
good point man, can I vote to kick myself too?
My new support main.
Time to lock in Taliyah supp.
I didn't foresee a penta until I saw they let her have Thresh kill. &gt; Jhin dies Hmm. nice. &gt; Thresh dies ...penta? penta. OMG OMG TALIYAH PENTAKILL
I learned to use it. Tone doesn't translate well in text.
I don't play mid, and those walls from ulti were very disruptive. her passive is GG for coming back to lane and roaming. a spam spell, knock back. Also pentakill, when everyone was saying she is bad.
at that point even the ingame voice would have been better to go with a pentakill followed by [silence](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaZYJNvX5As). Silence for a fucking Taliyah getting pentakill in Korea pro play. /hype
Viktor's core is exactly like Aghanim, but for all his abilities. I don't even know if it's a good idea or not since it would mean a beast amount of changes, balance, bugs and who knows what monsters it will create.
for good reason. In 2 games I pick Thresh, then Zyra. On Thresh if I miss my Q, my ADC might as well be dead and I do piss all damage w/o CC abilities. Then on Zyra all I have to do is to ~~cast~~ no, **spam** plants in their general direction and GG. If I land a good combo enemy ADC is dead by myself alone. Her roots are decent after 3 ranks. And there are even worse mages that rape you as supp. Good Syndra and Xerath are worse of all.
&gt; amount of skill it take That doesn't stop Yasuos, Kalistas.
But you can see readily accessible how many honor points you have. And I think I don't get messages for being reported by team mates either.
hey man. We've seen "sandbox not gonna be a thing because toxicity" and "there is a world where soloQ isn't coming back". you can fault redditors for many a circlejerks and memeing but Riot got his share too.
If anything 10 bans will give Riot more room for mistakes. Say Gankplank is 100% pick/ban? no problem, here are four more bans to play with.
usually they say when they want to report you or honor you, so there is nothing to check. And in old client I used to get report warnings telling me I should "chill, it's only game" after a particular intense game :^) but Riot probably did away with them because people were complaining getting them when the other 3-4 were the offenders, not "**me**". honor notifications were cool tho.
I snorted. But the more I look at it the more I like it. Fits Singed's mood well.
Ultimates are more bullshit in Dota2 I agree.
&gt; Pretty sure we get sandbox so we can test it now. No more incertainty
Camille wins
My C: is my ssd win+games hdd is for storage.
I've seen good Rivens. They like to troll and kite and stun and fk you in all ways. You can't keep those down. &gt; The 1 death afk players just don't know what to do if they don't 'win'.
&gt; I hope you die, B B, first blood. &gt; report for feed.
&gt; That's what they're working on right now. any source on that? last time they tried made most supports free to play and gave us another strong utility item. then enabled autofill and forced everyone to do their part xD
Am not one of them but, Even if support seems easy there are few quirks that main solo laners maybe don't quite make us of. Warding/de-warding is of minimal importance for many. A dull mechanic for most. And detracts from CS-ing Then there is this thing named &gt; get your ADC fed, help your team get drakes, defend against 4-man gank bot that is hard to explain to a Riven main. xD
One of the qualities of low elo is that they are not willing to listen/learn either.
flash is faster.
if only she had the presence of mind to cast ult on drake to try take it.
mute yourself. try to communicate only with pings. Also you need to understand deep in your soul that there is not a high magical elo where you will find nirvana (not the band) if you improve and climb. have fun, silver/gold are best casual elo's. except the occasional smurf.
on my old PC diablo 3 ran better at acceptable settings. PoE was runescape mode and ended up frying my GPU/PSU or whatever gave up first.
NO PC player is going to be excited about this.
Most of the skills were directional or aoe centered around character. Also skill slots were limited. there are PoE builds with more skills in them than your average whirlwind marauder.
I have yet to see how any of those selling points for consoles apply for a Free to play ARPG - action, (loads of trash) loot, skill, complex character customization with trading - for better or worse For longest time we asked for easier trading and performance boosts, and then they though maybe they should port to consoles to make those happen. It fucking goes over my head.
D3 wasn't a 'port' on console. They designed it for console like you design web pages for mobile screens from start. Take cues on how games are stripped down so they can fit on console controls and hardware limitations. 4 skills slots 4 potion slots loot on the ground??????
wasn't salugthered because it was made for console from the start.
they will address this gameplay balance issue in a separate patch specificaly aimed at consoles.
* "we" switched to more aggresive supports. that have some CC AND damage backed in. many mages have this as a result of their midlane-solo design. * we have "total healing done" but no "total damage absorbed" . (!) League of lets give everyone a shield. * &gt;Wiki: Shields are a way of temporarily adding health to a champion that is not reduced by Grievous Wounds. #yay Janna/Karma/Lulu and any Shield generator. Fuck Soraka. * some items for ad scaling supports, maybe? so far only mages and tanks are encouraged bot. (Ashe/Kalista supp pls Rito) * Sightstone is boring, my opinion (together with boots). make it a build path for AD/AP items so Lee and Kata can build it too (ward jumps). not just TEH SUPPORTZ ITEMZ * kill completely the idea that supports are THE players responsible for warding. Kill the idea that Sighstone is the support item; let support bring utility+damage/tank + flexibility and have proper recognition for game *'agency'*; not many players queue to be babysitters/wingman. * stop selling supports as "low income, no kills allowed" role.
LOL NOOB SUPPORT 3-15 STOP TALKING STOP FEEDING ^^/s
Just send top 3 Korean teams straight in quarters.
Taric has a powerful ult, but like in my low elo, always missplayed/downplayed for a losing battle.
not taboo but very unhealthy and bad smell. the more the smokers, less society cares about the downsides.
some voices say that other regions might be able to catch up with koreans if they battle more.
Ezreal showing up like &gt; nothing to do here.
taboo is too strong a word for my taste. bigamy, facesitting, anal sex, drugs being *taboo* for public talk is what I'd use the word for. Smoking ranges from encouraged, whatever to frowned upon/discouraged. But I'm not from west. maybe there is really **taboo**. Don't let your ego get in the way of civil talk, redditor.
What I liked about this one Heim support I've met in ranked is that he completely walled the river against ganks. If his stun grenade game is on point. It's gg. R+grenade is pretty satisfying too.
I heard brits banned it.
Even their looks were on track with the script. &gt; ^^Jesus, ^^so ^^many ^^casuals
and they don't pick garbage team comp who can't hold a front line for ADC to do his job.
exaggerated, yes. but there is an ounce of truth in it. Medller aknowledged the facts that made ADCs look bad in season7 in a blog post earlier today/yesterday. it's not entirely ADC problem, some lanes/champs/keystones do very well and abuse bot lane.
with right numbers and proper skill Jhin is best designed ADC that Riot did (together with Graves shtogunning) feels meaty to play, has a reload mechanic for immersion and dosen't spam 2 attacks per second. his AA hurts. also has tools for doing damage while being safely position outside of Syndra/Katarina/Zed range.
buaha. in soloQ I've seen Dravens winning 1v2 squishy supp and adc. A Poppy will probably make him run OOM tho.
I laughed exactly like the show's host after the "with laptop open" part. most reliant on 3rd party for real. trading, info, theorycrafting builds...
I laughed until I laughed more because Last time I purchased supporter pack was at masters release league.
consumers should stop spending so much on one game for virtual assets, with no contract, no partnership on GGG's profits no nothing. you just **donate**. Time will tell how this blunder from GGG will turn out.
MTXes are overpiced as fuck. 1000$ for supporter packs is 16-17 AAA brand games (or hundred top quality indie games like stardew valley, darkest dungeon, TOME, ADOM and so on) that will give him way way way more than console ports and forever excuses from GGG on performances and quality of life.
Threw my hands in air exctlly like the host at that point. let's make game for console but still need a PC or laptop to deal with the lacking of features.
&gt; you can actually start to view the port as a logical progression, 4 flask slots 4 skill slots dumbed down loot not trading no chat need to specifically balance for console and controllers. console **and** reliance on 3rd party tools for builds, info?????? are those logical progression too?? I can't wait to see it. Self found league meme. remember?
400% improvement doe.
&gt; It is unlikely that GGG made the business decision stop assuming what GGG decides since recently they showed they know best and took everyone by surprise, to say at least. They didn't say why they want it on consoles, when they decided it (about 2 years ago, wow), who pays, why we don't get **PC** improvements like guilds, chat (I've seen older better chat windows, yet) , better trading system, better loot system so it isn't so much trash filled to the point the floor is carpeted with it, better stash tabs management (how much it took for search function) but let's develop for console. all that it is in game right now from whacking Hillock with a stick to designing your hideouts and spamming flame blast and trading (maybe?) must fit on console controllers. but hey, we got directx11, we must thank Microsoft and xbox!
I find agonizing to run dried lakes with insta kill builds for hundred times, too. :-/ and you have to because clear speed = rare loot
he is extremely verbose but I agree with him on many of his points. and agreed back then. you start, as a newb, with heavy strike and look to scale it for larger stronger mobs. by level 30 you learn that AoE is king. even for bosses. you link melee spash, fast attacks, life on hit.
he spent 15k on supp pack and they made him a subpar uniques. with riddles and voice. a very convoluted riddle at that even. 15k $ is quite some money tho. for a game. he doesn't even get profit's share for it. nada. some people invest that kinda money for hopes of returns. like buying bitcoins. granted Charan was hardly a like-able person.
looks like he actually liked leveling, not end game grinding. spamming best fastest map and build. aoe kill everything.
I read it and all I got from it was an apologetic letter for GGG decisions. Because xbox runs on directx11 and is 'close' game engine-wise doesn't mean they **must** hop and design for porting on xbox console. it's not 'logical progression', is a carrot on a stick for devs and they took it, hoping to reach more players and tap a wider audience.
Amen, at this point I'd buy diablo 3 than 'donate' to develop on consoles. Even tho is late to join D3 and enjoy it's glory. Doesn't matter because is polished! runs smooth, flashy, looks sharp.
don't let the door lock you in.
I doubt they will release content patches at different dates. they will delay one to meet another. could be a day. a week. who knows. ^^who ^^^cares?
quality doesn't increase with tenfoldind manpower and money, sadly.
they have to butcher the game a lot: content, design, tools .. fuck I don't even want to list them anymore. That part \__^ takes time, money, development time. They hope , **HOPE** it will tap into a wider audience like yous said and it will be worth it (money, content, growth yadda yadda) Is like windows phone 10 and windows 10 deskotp apps are the same. let's make a game that runs on both, through universal app model or whatever was called. I want to play PoE on my phone. ^\s ^(no kidding I have a Nokia Lumia with Windows Phone, I want PoE on it, after it comes on consoles, screen tapping is better than controllers) Now, why the fuck don't they spend that **time** to make a BETTER FUCKEN PC GAME feature full stress free not so reliant on 3rd party tools, instead of butchering it for consoles? is my honest question.
Doesn't make me more money , no doesn't make me stick along waiting for fabled PC improvements, either.
&gt; let me use a PC/laptop to play my game on console. how many console games do you play like this?
I feel so much more healthy after laughing so many times in a row! GG GGG.
nah it's GGG who decides on the numbers and properties. Donors are just inquired for ideas, and approval.
........ okay mate I'll cave in and go to Blizzard games because they cater to larger audience too. I mean just look at D3 numbers. it was on consoles from start, they knew it all along. PS4 &gt; xbox, IMO. no trading either. no problem. loot is simpler don't have to sort through hundreds of it. currency is on auto-pick up, can you fucking believe that, mate? AUTO-PICKUP. you just walk near it and whoosh is in your bags. Why do I have to click on currency drops in PoE. fucking game stuck in stone age. /s
problem is they aren't viable at all. too weak, or too complicated to get if you don't have a wiki page open and ready to trade for specific items. tabula rasa or Lifesprig is good for leveling, not end-game. buy or find them and ready to go.
farm/grind different tilesets. same shit? after 100 runs.
Ziggy is a professional streamer. that is his revenue, his service, his income. he does it because he likes it. he is smart. he knows XBOX porting is a bussiness decision and it's not his call to question it. I respect him for that, but also means we will never ever bother getting passionate about things he doesn't like, on stream. He could have a poster with Chris with devil horns and manboobs drawn on it,, behind the camera, and you won't know any of that.
he is chilling playing hearthstone. how many fucks does he gives if PoE goes on xbox or phones or on Mars. What's he saying is that we should give those fucks too. Let GGG do their thing and play hearthstone like him.
...yeah, you're right. it gets old after a while :-/ TBH I really like the map system since I can chose to a degree what I run. I don't like the combination of mods you can get on them. Is like back in D3 were: we asked beta testers for feedback, they said it was ok; then we doubled it.
I feel better for letting some 'stress' out. ty
After seeing the video I thought exactly that; "act5" gonna be the first act, new act1, before we get dumped on the beach, butt naked. The video clearly showed how the almighty Chris, with corrupted Xbox $cepter, decided that we are no longer wanted and cast us in exile, telling us &gt; gitgud or die. thank you for your support. What am not sure about is the flow. we start with gear and skills, get a taste of power, then stripped off all donations and have to start from zero in act2 with a controller in hand, dumbed down to 4 flask slots and no way to communicate with others?
Damage supports are not overrated because they make bot lane a living hell and scale later into mid-threats in team fights. Jhin synergise very well with a damaging/poke support. Less so with a utility one like Lulu. Not to say Lulu isn't viable and fun. I find her utility better than Janna's, just that her mana costs are worse.
A fool and his money... A linguist fool lol.
God bless Joe for speaking his mind. All those streamers calling for peace and reasoning can go compete in beauty pageants.
Funny that Trump patroned Miss World, has a Miss as wife and brags about groping women. Trump doesn't care about reasons, he will grab you by the pussy.
they will probably dumb down loot for consoles. less trash, more uniques and good rares.
damage mods are silly and poorly thought out, tbh. and are added up indiscriminately. but who is going to have a real talk with GGG on it. dead HC chars keep things "fresh".
PoE was designed with mouse in mind. D3 was designed with console in mind. I'm willing to bet it was frustratingly difficult to make it work on consoles.
I am tired to be wards, shield and cc bots. I want dmg for supports too. I want to be able to clear a wave, or kill scuttle, or chunk an enemy that happens to be on my screen. Am tired of the support = wards+utility, no kill, no gold no dmg. a support is a player that wants fun and ain't nobody gonna suck ADC+team cock to have 'fun'. Support is unpopular for a reason, and you keep reiterating that reason.
it's how damage is spamable while cc/utility needs to land well to be useful. A Thresh that missed his hook is half of a champ now. A Blitz that missed his hook is a walking metal ball of stats.
psh. should have made Zyra play balls to the walls mode: double knock up. ^whoop ^^whoop game over gg. only support ded \#worth
exactly lmao. they do this shit 2 times a year. preseason and before worlds. because they don't like stale meta where koreans wins everything and is .. boring to watch. &gt; * after hard work and number crunching things seem to be pretty balanced right now. &gt; * guess what! assassins need to assassinate, lethality nerfed, new plants in the jungle! we don't like a equation solved meta.
What the person, that I replied to, suggested was talking out of his ass imo. &gt; shouldn't be able to build anything that builds out of NLR or Blasting Wand Like, what. I don't even. Maybe tanks supports should NOT be able to build anything that has giant belt in it too. And poke supports do well because mage rework put them in a better place than utility supps and ADC. They slowly found their way bot lane. Zyra isn't a strong mage mid, supp is the only place she does well. Jungle change made the 'lane' better than bot lane (gold, xp, time to roam) and they found their way bot lane more often. ... and so on. simply put, after all the classes updates, marskmen found themsevles at the end of the food chain. &gt; riot shouldn't balance supports they definitely should, since they nerfed utility supports to the point is bad to pick them over mage-pokey ones. Blitzcrank slows himself, Braum passive dmg reduced, Leona passive reduced, Lulu spells cost are prohibitive(!), Soraka makes herself low health and has short spell range, and so on.
wanted to cry repost for n^th time, but is good to remember how good we have it now. Many seem to forget.
would have been easier with a quad stash
&gt; sharp objects lying around the floors of your house ... that have venom on them.
They just announced Xbox release, it will have easy mode. If the controls are alright, that is.
[this guy says we could.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuTlB789njQ)
IMO xbox is a modified vesrion of windows (I don't own one to know for sure) so games **could** run on windows too. **IF** micro$oft allows that. DRM, protection or some other shit. PoE being free to play, I don't see why not.
Mage rework made mages better than supports. (also many supports being nerfed to make bot lane easy to lane 2v2 and let ADC farm, also gankable) Spell base dmg, good ap items with HP on them. Morellomonicom covers everything a mage needs. AP, CDR, mana, grevious wounds. builds from cheap components. Malz having insta spawn voidlings on a key press to block skill shots is what makes him viable in pro play. It just adds up. I'm surprised it didn't catch faster. Malz is the same since rework as Zyra. Zyra was at worlds, Malz not.
he is a support because other mids assassinate better. Katarina, Zed, Syndra, Ryze and so on. Zyra is doable mid, but not against skilled players. Malz works but his damage is far cry from a burst. I'm just waiting for Ryze supp to catch up. Also Syndra, Xerath. haha. Vel'koz still works for me.
At that point I think stutters are from lag/server response time. Since there is so much happening at once that must sync. IMO, in an offline PoE you would notice far less graphic issues/performance drops.
I like mage supports because: Fun I do damage to ADC/supp/enemy. death is best CC. Shows up on damage meters too, unlike CC or shields. When you take mages mid, you must farm, usually using abilities, or worse you must hold them in fear of getting engaged. When you take mages supp, your only purpose is to make their life miserable, while keeping an eye on vision. Just compare Malz mid vs Malz supp playstyle in laning phase.
No, because they can participate in an engage from a distance. Jhin and Ashe are best examples. you are out of assassins screens when you 'participate' with ults and half screen ranged poke.
Well, Life is technically better.
you did God's work there. should preach your ways more. old players shoehorn new players too fast in their *meta*. &gt; useless trash unqiue &gt; don't touch!
why is he so awesome?
sad to see this happening to Amumu, of all champs. hope he doesn't soak his plushie in tears.
maybe because it could scare people away from buying more skins. I'd sweat if I see 10 skins, but 90 or 100. Now with hextech things are simpler.
nope. I have a decent one and FPS don't drop much. it's just game/netcode lag. Game is rendered *fine*. happens with large boxes and breaches the most. but not always. I'd be surprised Dx11 is to blame, tho.
more like, predictive hides it under the rug. it will rubber band you back into place first chance.
Am just glad they did away with the PvP nonsense. And found a Shav since then! we have to repost the Hitler finds out about Xbox release after 1 year from now. we gonna laugh again!
something something SKT chroma skins
&gt; skt logo inside him
they do it once, I hear. you are going to spend those *saved* points anyway on something else.
I think *this weekend only* is every 1/2 months. Most of us know what to expect.
&gt; WEW LAD. dem trigger gems. Casual on xbox will mean something like Garena yes. only the fact that it has a controller changes everything. 4 flasks, looting, stash sorting, trading????, skill targeting and so on. Separate server too. as for the balance between late game content (Shaper, Atziri, Guardians) and run of the mill builds that can farm maps at OK speeds.... there is nothing I can do about it. Top builds are unique dependant (gem levels too, links), this creates demand which gates them behind grinding and trading. And there are broken mechanics which we find and abuse thoroughly every league. Block builds/totems/minions/traps will always be there to carry us through. Path of lEast resistance.
I'm talking from my opinions, not delegating myself as the spoke person of whole Reddit. Sincerely, User.
As a player that missed the months after Atlas launch, this is damn neato.
I gotchu, but am not memeing. I've been on and off PoE since before Nemesis leagues. Game is easier both for hardcore veterans who have friends like them that bust through content with 36 hours marathons because experience and preparedness. Also easier for experienced softcore players because of many quality of life improvements and tools. It's still hard for new players. GGG made baby steps to make game better. If you miss few months like me, you will definitely notice it. Atlas on the whole with gorgeous map aesthetics, Tora is blink-arrowing to her den, some new uniques that give tank builds more damage, melee builds have viable totems. I bought 2 premium quad stash tabs ^(what is this shit even, LOL), one on sale. fucking cool. This league challenges and rewards are one of the best iteration. And there are still fuck ups like every other league, IMO. what the hell is that breach mob swarm? do they never learn? Blade vortex stacking. period. that shit alone makes everything trivial. As for Xbox, no matter what you expect, it just can't be as *hard* and complex as PC version. Hope it brings mad money to GGG, but for me is wasted development time, to make game **simpler** so it can fit on controllers, not **better**. What I hope to get from console release is: auto pick up for currency.
that would be crazy with the new channel support.
&gt; After 4-5 hours of mapping I can sort out the tabs in a matter of minutes. It takes one hour to me. wtf. ID, check stats -&gt; chaos recipe. sort currency, cards, gems, anything worth keeping.
I think there are tanky (with block) witch builds, casters, or evasion tanks if you like to live on the edge. don't have to be melee ones. Also what we call melee is usually some aoe physical damage that you have to spam from a closer range. cyclone, melee splash, earthquake. or fuck it all and go sightseeing with totemancer or golemancer. let minions do the fighting.
they have more stash tab types now. I'm a sucker for quad ones. got 2. I hope is enough, since they are kinda expensive for a 'free game'
wise people on reddit told me to ID jewels...might as well ID everything..
pls don't one up me Q_Q Since I don't like the support pack MTX (I don't care, not that are ugly), I feel that am better off with raw $ for coins. I already paid the 30$ and have 5 points left, compared to 50 points less. now am waiting for a deal where I can convert 4 tabs in 1 quad.
More likely was a pet project from a junior dev that slipped in undocumented. This is too precise to happen on accident.
GGG is more like a pizza team, than cookies. &gt; got no goodies pizza might fix it. ^^also ^^^ask
It works better for hardcore. Now softcore is more like standard, only GG rares.
But can it facetank Shaper's beam?
inb4 they add *this* build to the Hall.
you think you talk about reasonable game design, then we have cyclone getting stuck in pebbles and doors, specters and guardian management versus easy to play stuff like pizza blast and scorching ray.
I mean, earthquake vs sunder or ground slam. lul. cyclone and sweep. lacerate, reave..... then cleave. GGG stance was: we might break old builds if we change old skills. Pretty stupid imo. at least give them some niche mechanic to make them desirable in edge cases.
lvl 4 empower makes any spell feel busted.
funny that you want to buy a skin based on the obviously photoshoped poster. don't pick your girls the same.
&gt; walk a bit &gt; great roams gotcha!
tank supports should pick bond of stone anyway. it's effect has no cooldown, don't need to land CC and it adds up over 20 minutes.
just enjoy pwning mobs with crazy quantity packs, on a build that doesn't one-shot them from off screen. &lt;3 juggernaut blender. [looks awesome too.](http://i.imgur.com/x8IlKNu.jpg)
From my experience summoners are binary. you either pwn content facerolling and collecting loot, or your minions can't budge through boss/swarm of mobs and your're dead. And since labyrinth don't think I'll ever make something with zombies/specters again.
maybe a 4 s cd like warcries. consume charges to heal minions or something.
Unlike Izaro, in Crematorium you can beat Piety to zero hp, until she disappears in her portal.
reddit should cry less or they will make the game a mess. Devs listen too much to us. Most of those uniques are cheaper because: * nerfed, maybe too much; but is better for rares to compete * our talent points got stronger; ascendancies * everyone that grinds daily **will** find a rare unique like Shavs sooner than later (4x IIR) -&gt; cheaper builds and/or poe.trade toegther with 100 other shavs. Overall game is better for it. there is some fine tunning to be had and mechanics to fix. We should stop looking up at streamers and repeat after them &gt; game too easy GG when they get paid to play 23 hours a day. that's a real problem. Player perception.
I LOVED that I could get a Shavronne to try LL build. it wasn't just top 1%. anymore. I didn't like that I got it while casually leveling, but that was 2 leagues ago.
agreed.
We laugh, but if I'm new player and don't know shit a *perfect* 6 link white sockets Tabula would be worth all my currency. (3 chaos. 5 alch, and some jewels, fuses and chromes)
how would you call it when sellers want to fool you?
when you have a 6 linked good/perfect roll Shav you make a tab for it.
In PoE I have to build resists for 3 elements, chaos, phys damage. bleed and poison are derivatives, and included in first 5. In grim dawn there is: 3 base elements, chaos, poison, bleed, phys and something else I think, like space aids damage. [NVM found a link] (http://grimdawn.wikia.com/wiki/Damage_Types) I find it stressful. when do I build damage? what type?
Beat first boss in Dark souls 3. you will be master at Witcher 3 combat.
&gt; Witcher 3 while amazing game, the story on rails with lots of romance nudges puts me off and can't play it for 3 consecutive days. It's like &gt; stay a while and listen, we've got girls for every taste. now go and hack some enemies for 10 minutes For all it's flaws, Skyrim recipe had more appeal for me than Witcher.
dota players don't play other games.
gamers are like the only category of males that have a hard choice between sex and games. don't want to make any assumptions on females.
it's because we've seen the &gt; help me, kill monsters, the king needs you for too many times. Getting a game freeze after boss kill where a strange tentacle face guy floats away trash talking your accomplishment is, at very least, something *new*. The world in Witcher is beautiful tho. Weathers, mountains, vegetation.
2 hours at best; once you take in the idea that you will never ever play standard again.
Is first time I have a PC able to run shit. DS1 was a bad console port to PC, but first boss was fun. Dark Souls is about getting good tho. "git gud" means you learn how to roll, not over commit with swings and find ways to cheese bosses off a ledge, with bow/magic or gravity. anything is fair game. It feels hard, but when you learn, it gets easy and fun. Much like PoE. unlike PoE, melee combat is stupid fun and magic feels boring and limited by estus flasks.
I've killed Master Swordman with the bandit dagger as thief. Don't think there is something harder than that. Witcher doesn't stand a chance vs an unkindled that can spam invulnerable frames.
interesting choice in last pic, to place the map device in water. how does it look with portals?
got that with the currency tab. looks like I have enough wisdom scrolls to pass the 5k mark. that must be a chaos or 2. xD
Perandus league I did ED and was fun and smooth to clear whole screen with 2 casts. no flashy stuff to tire your eyes and let's you **see** the fight. Since I want to do uber content for fun and challenges, is it worth it to go Occultists ED this league too? I feel like my Juggernaut cycloner will hit a wall soon and there is a point where throwing more currency at it becomes inefficient. Buying a disfavour or starforge vs making a full ED build able to do hard content... E: after some documentation I settled on scion life ED build. pretty cheap lol.
did you see the quad stash tab? holy cow. I broke the wallet to buy 4 of those. was hoping to stop at 2.
I felt bad for almost selling my skill gem, or selling a good rare for 10 chaos less (how many times do we even find anything worth 1c?) vendoring a 7-10 ex item would make me stop playing for a week probably.
just offer her a spa day or something. I think it's better than sex for her xD
something something unrealistic expectations. &gt; you versus the vaal orb she told you not to worry about.
&gt; You have 5 seconds to burn my life pool or you lose, exile. Do your best.
Can I get aura reservation on ES? Man Up: +30% more phys on Low Energy Shield
I don't think you wait for the door to open; but for the pyramid to rise from under Sarn.
same only LoL. while I'd like to try Dota2 I look up the community and I'm like: ruski or polski?
Slow down there Romeo. You have 3+ months to read them. 3.0 release is pretty far. 2 days later is the next league announcement. that's more close to our interests.
+1max fire res is vital to be there for righteous fire. the other 2 are for flavor.
TBH game/screen freezes are best adrenaline shots we can get in PoE. The thrill, the unknown, the fear. &gt; Will I... die? LOL no. look shinnies!
&gt; Juggernaut: Buff. No one cares about anything Jugger offers right now. :&lt; But you can walk like a boss through everything, but high spell damage. Including traps, they do no damage to full endurance; temp chains, chilling ground. It's just hard to stack damage on it. And Hierophant had some uses for his infinite totems, methinks. SRS spell totems afaik. dunno if better than Necromancer.
&gt; Champion needs something to make it stand out more. In particular I think some stun related flavor would be an interesting addition. Stun related stuff should be in Juggernaut IMO. All that armor should amount to some striking power.
champion has perma fortify even with bows. taunts, if they amount to anything he is pretty bad designed tbh. gladiator does his thing better with spell block. He should be something closer to Juggernaut, but with shields, and more damage scaling from defenses. The new belt [Perserverance](http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/Perseverance) would make him stand out. But then he would have to use one handers which are pretty bad.
when they released him, I played totem hierophant because he had totem nodes and I said: pretty OP. but you do LESS STACKING damage on every totem for every totem you summon. it's myabe great for trash mobs, but for bosses is pretty meh. as the other guys said, inquisitor is better cause free ele penetration and crit penetration. Hierophant is maybe better with utility totems. or something that summons a lot. Think Shaman in WoW
Love you for loving Juggernaut but what you do against heavy spell damage? ripped prety hard at Tuul Breachlord when he enraged at 30% (was very unprepared).
People say that all classes have tanky options, which is true but there is a build that abuses both max spell block and CI nodes together with cheap uniques (still high cost scaling) [Be amazed.](https://www.reddit.com/r/pathofexile/comments/5qhql2/ci_champion_scorching_ray_build_super_tank/)
who the fuck cares lol. xbox is a dead horse meme to me. we beat it for fun. there are many things that I have no idea how they are going to go about on console port. for Diablo 3 it worked but that game is both efficient to the extreme performance wise and *simpler*, to not call it casual.
you can see builds in action in sarn arena though. if you like to get assblasted.
Nemesis made rares great again And bloodlines But we still blast them off the moon because we don't want to deal with their mechanics every 2 minutes.
rofl might as well vaal it so you can get 6 white sockets.
got one like this. we lost a Baron because jungler was busy pushing top lane. legit tilted right there I was just splitting.
underpicked but not underpowered, imo. at least I make good use of him in supp. works well with champs like Xayah.
thicc
&gt; with my new life. you managed to get a new life with a tight schedule?
Zero CC Janna.
I think it does 1 point of dmg if you use it offensively. (CC)
I almost like it. Definitely hyped.
As support I worry about cs like never. Doesn't feel fair to nag my ADC about it. I do however try to do 1 of 2 things: keep their ADC away from CS, to keep things fair, or keep wave away from our turret for easier last hits. Soraka Q is good for softing down the minions health bars.
&gt; Make it that so even her feathers have wings.
that's some crazy fetish hidden there. A fish champ rolling on fish food posing for camera. Wolf? sup?
Omega Zombie Squad?
done. :P
I'm not sold on special edition without SKSe 64 available for modders. I have 60 something mods for all kind of things, and is not even full HD realistic with total game overhaul. Can't play it more than few days tho. still doing a stealth archer.
I flame least as much as the guys 'we' hate for flaming. I wonder how many reports I have sometimes. I just don't go as far as 'get cancer' and the like (get gunned. mother jokes). Kids who do that never had somebody in their family die of one. And don't realize how stupid they look/sound. But then again I flame too and it's the only way to deal with stupid shit I see in some games. Flaming is feedback too. not Just "gj" " well done" "lucky".
no. just your wallet. fat wallet whale. \#punOverMyhead.
It's when I deserve honor and don't get it, what tilts me.
What annoys me is that you can't really have god mode tank with decent dps either (w/o abusing some mechanics). But 1m+ DPS keeps being OK, with insta leech. Breach league felt like a kick in the nuts for any love I had left for Juggernaut; yeah it was nice to face-roll easy content in a safe build. After that I just abused double dips ES builds like everybody else. In 3.0 am looking forward story, new acts and new busted mechanics, the new meta builds. Should last me a week. Efficiency and all that.
At least is consistent in what is not showing.
All nice and heroic to not give up and fight until minute 55 when the Nexus blows up. What about starting or reading the blame game. trying to hold it against a team that is already snowballing and not only crushing your base but also pressuring your team mates into tilting and flaming. (and myself too) What's the point of fighting for a win when you already lost the decency of a human being?
Flashy plays. /s
Singed. Nothing can replace him, like in doing his 'job' better.
He just has a unique play style that can hardly be countered by usual laning tactics. Also he can very well represent the LoL community: toxic, mad, trollish.
I never going to use a skin for a champ I don't even own. It goes for Yasuo too. But I'd rather be with the Order because support and stuff. Also ... T H I C C
God bless this meme.
THEY FUCKING **WHAT** ?? lmao.
is for our viewer's pleasure. does it matter if it's another face wrecking punch? the foot alone was damaging enough. this 'sport' is about breaking opponent's arms, legs, face.
Assuming ES build will be worth anything?
Are you guys crazy? you hold it for like 5 minutes, until you decide what to watch, then it's hours of sitting with popcorn in hand. does it matter how 'bulky' it is?
If you love your consoles by all means go for it. your money. this shit is as retarded as mac vs PC or linux vs Microsoft. calling one side vegans and yourself the righteous paladin makes you look least as bad. On my pc I can play almost all games from AAA to indie, old and new. watch movies, work, learn, waste time on reddit. then I see some upvoted dude &gt; PC enthusiasts: the Vegan/CrossFit of the gaming world. rofl. post that shit on r/jokes.
* was hoping for a secret character model update for 3.0 but I see no hints of it. * I like armor's mechanic. it's % reduction that puts it to shame. (max ele resists, Arctic armor, endurance charges, huge life pools with instant regen/leech); makes sense too because no matter how much armor you have, you will still get crushed by a rock/vaal smash. * refactoring game engine... I don't even wanna dream about it. I'll just throw better hardware at it. (SSD, Intel new gen). I'd rather hope they make it less spammy.
and work. I am not and won't be in a guild (if you call 2 guys a guild), so anything like it will be wasted for me.
Master leveling is brain dead just grindy and rotations, like rest of the game. Hideout decoration is the fun part, but reputation is a bitch.
When you look at an angle some 3D stuff appears different even if they are perfectly symmetrical from top. Thus, I'm sure there are minute differences to make it look good from player POV.
&gt; It became Aurelion Sol. ~ Rito.
The technology wasn't there yet. That's all.
Eh, yeah. game logic and all that. &gt; It must have been my imagination.
I7 is IMO for bussiness computing. Streaming, video editing, Bitcoin mining, programing and whatever. If you buy I7 for (no life) gaming and netflix (with chill) you have too much money to give away and it's not my problem.
her Silence is pretty dope sometimes. it shuts down Rakan pretty bad, for example.
LoL is balanced in a way to make healers not that strong but not OP either; we have OP shields instead tho. Now healing in PvP can be fun, I liked it a lot in WoW Battlegrounds. AV mass brawl was awesome.
Shouldn't be hard to balance.
Noh. We will have to play 4-D chess. Riot will just throw their hands and leave him on the Aatrox level for months, after a few patches of balance attempts.
&gt; GG IZI &lt;3
Problem with skill pvp games is that is hard to get into them, in the same genre. Wish I could try Dota2, like in actually be decent at it.
While I agree, imbalances are more nuanced now, you can't just brute force wins in any team comp with one champ/build. It takes a combo of 2-3 champs to make it a hard nut to crack. I can point to some team comps SKT showcased to help them win games, and some actually stomps. Biggest outlier for me was a shielding comp with Ivern jg, Karma sup, Naut top. It was disgustingly good. Lulu + Kog'Maw is still a huge game pressure, if they go off.
Kinda true. Enabled 2 carries Kog and Vayne, as Lulu. Kog gets most (all) honors.
