Amazing read, thank you very much.
Damn you marry them young
If you have to worry about what post on reddit is safe at work or not, maybe you shouldn't be redditing at work. Anything that you see on your screen can be logged on the way to your computer very easily.
What controller settings do you run? First 50 matchmaking games since cartographers gift?
Two ways this can go. You go down for the ball or the ball takes you down. Capeesh?
Its also because we dont really have a windshield, and gear is part of the culture. The cruiser guys are all about no gear and jeans and tshirts when the weather is warm. Its easier to count who is wearing a helmet than not with the cruiser guys these days. Nobody wears them. A guy at work says he doesnt wear one (hes a harley guy) because he can see better without it (head turning etc). I think hes full of shit.
more than life support for someone who had a helmet, lived, but in a vegetative state?
I appreciate the safety aspects. The reason I support the helmet law is because I dont like having the government forcing things on me. Like the smoking in bars. I wear a helmet and I dont smoke.
It does seem to support that. There really isnt any excuse to not wear a helmet, or a seatbelt. But I always wear gear, and that includes leg protection, not just jeans.
Many smartphones have 1080p + screens and people want their videos high quality no matter where it comes from. If they made every video, no matter if it was from netflix or youtube a lower quality in the name of performance and bandwidth savings, that's one thing, but they are doing this to provide a premium experience for those services that drink the binge on koolaid, and a crappier one for those who do not. This is the biggest argument for why net neutrality is such an important issue. Binge on is a sneaky way of selectively throttling their customers experience, and people are right to be angry about it.
For training, i think sniper swat would be fun too. No damage to the body.
mag :)
and beaf curtains
That's not the point, you should not have to "turn it off" or jump through hoops. It's anti network neutrality no matter if you can turn it on and off or not. You could have a tmobile binge button that turns it on or off, but it turns it on or off for *everything*. Otherwise, you are creating an anticompetitive service. They are hiding behind bandwidth savings in order to differentiate various video services. This is very non network neutral. They should not be able to "slam" their new service on everyone, without their consent. It should be off by default.
That's exactly what they want you to worry about. A cap. Capping some services and not others is terrible, and a dangerous slippery slope. What if you start having to pay to access the real Internet instead of a binge on curated walled garden website, kind of like aol was way back in the day?
Catch that falling knife son
Unless you are one of the ones that actually got raped?
Hugo Boss, man. How badass is a damn uniform with a skull on the hat? Damn, cold as ice.
Yeah the waffen SS deaths' head and lightning bolts are A-ok.
What a gas!
Look at the size of the shells.
Dont get overrun. Treat your spawn as a base to be defended like it is.
Do you guys prefer the joystick over the mouse? Or all you all sim mode only? It seems like the mouse guys would chew me apart if I used my joystick.
This isnt germany or sweden.
Dont use their shitty DNS servers.
The face. LOL
Have you played? Because its fun as hell. Its a computer simulation, you are going to get that kind of thing. The nice thing to know is that other people have the same issues, so its a level playing field.
nethack?
isnt that historicle? I think the tiger was so feared becaue of its amazing gun and optics (which is gimped here, since everyone has the same optics :()
Bill Gates? Come on Bro
You would be as much of a creep there as you are wherever you live.
Shes trying to point out that even if she were to walk around naked, it still wouldnt be asking to be rape or deserving it. Also it gets her the attention to her cause, having a nice body like that.
I thought fanny = ass
Incredible white knight attempt.
So stupid
So they should probably call and cancel their water if they do not want the bill.. Its an automated system, I would think. I certainly would. Are they using the water to bath in as well as run their toilets? Crappy situation for sure.
The water is clear from the lead supply, or mostly clear. This is pee water.
Flint poisons its own river, the town is a shithole, and they are pissed that they cannot use detroit water, which is amongst the cleanest in the country.
Asking federal money should automatically remove the governor from office for allowing it to get this bad. You get the money, sure, but you are also out.
Except he was doing the wrong thing from the start.
I just meant that its not drinkable, but people are still using it for toilets etc. You can't expect it to be free.
I don't think the water starts with lead in it in the river, it's leaching from the old pipes drawing water out of the river.
I just can't get used to the force feedback, no matter what I try.
I thought we would see them get "blood eagled" :(
A good start?
Both world wars were started where? Who came to help both times?
What I'm getting at is that we are all guilty of violence, corrupt politicians and complacent populations (where was Europe when Germany annexed Poland? Russia recently with the Ukraine). The less time we spend putting blame on general groups of people and more on focusing on the problems such as these bad bankers (euro central banks are no less corrupt than anyone else) the better the entire world can be. Let's get off this anti X country rhetoric.
even the eyebrows, you tyrant. I'm afraid to ask where else there is dye.
does the game still punish joystick users?
IT Pro here: absolutely it is. And you may still get hit with something if you dont pay attention.
+2 life of stressing
Buy the one that will make you work out the most consistently.
Bail them out with massive interest. Use the interest to subsidize clean energy.
Are the scarves an inside joke?
That does not look like a quick question. Why do people say Quick question, to trick you into listening?
Just because you drank lead as a child doesnt mean everyone else has to. People have a right to clean water, especially if they pay for it.
Yep, meanwhile the rest of the world spends less than 1% of their GDP on their military, and then relies on us to come save the day while their people benefit from a less military based budget..
If that truly is the issue, it was never meant to be long term in the first place.
"Learned alot" aka damage for the next guy to deal with until you realize all guys are not assholes.
Did it take you a while to realize the new one wasn't going to F you over?
Metal is another great alternative.
Sure we can both cherrypick. What about Kuwait before that? You guys sent a token while we make up the main force. The fact of the matter is everyone looks to us to complain when we do police the world and bitch when we dont (Syria for instance). When was the last time the UK did anything where it was the majority? 5 of 28 nato members spend what they should on military, and leave the USA to pickup the slack. http://www.wsj.com/articles/nato-calls-for-rise-in-defence-spending-by-alliance-members-1434978193 Nice downvote by the way. It was on topic, its not a disagree button
Oh you guys are doing a great job. Russia is up to all its old cold war tactics. You guys do nothing but look to us.
I'm not a member yet, so just curious. I thought they had an improved damage model so that where you hit is where it damaged. Is this true? So its like world of tanks where you just shoot until the health bar is gone then boom? Lame!
Check the valve clearance on the Z06 you are interested in.
OP
Please let star control be good
Yes, blame people for being ripped off. I'm sure you are an amazing human being.
Seriously? You wanna let everyone take the risk getting in early and then just swoop in when everything is unlocked? not today!!!
Hey! That's somebody's daughter!
Intellivision was what the cool kids played.
Yeah, i never knew what was going on. But I was 4 or 5. Remember falling into a pit over and over again and making ET's head grow so he could float up out of it. I still remember the falling sound.
Lol at the down votes
optics and radiators should also be ruined by damage.
This is how I got into IT. Growing up, learning how to get our ancient POS computers to play games. How to upgrade etc. My friends used to come over and at least one of us would have technical problems.
Do you get all the things you say from movies?
Du hast mich
Du hast mich
Is it true that even after the work is done, youll have to do it again after X amount of years/miles?
Is that a z51? Sexy. Manual or auto? I like the black! honestly both look great.
Dude, you are living the dream, dont mess it up. 10 years isnt long in the scheme of things.
and clearly not a dental professional
ZZZZZZZzzzz
Gotta rip off this bandaid sooner or later. This along with flash being removed is much needed. Java is such a malware vector.
Do you guys recommend virtualization even for small business? Seems like an added cost. We use datto for backup already.
It was a domain controller and also hosted exchange as a vm on the same machine? How many users?
I was going to look, is that really what it is?
Plus, the retro pixel style is becoming tiresome anymore.
Part of being cucked is when the other person knows about it. Seems like this word is gaining popularity, but people dont know exactly what the concept is.
gun play is boring, imho. Just feels so generic.
Just think that a society could be born from one of those stars, who knows?
Yep, work until you go to college for below minimum wage, go to college with your HUGE loan, work as an unpaid intern for experience, and then work the rest of your life as a slave to pay off your student lone.
They want him to train their guy since he's been around for 5 years, then they will boot him. They also get to pay less by not having him full time. Remember, these are the guys that fired his company to start. 1099, no benefits to pay, it's a win for them.
I'm so jealous. I think the new car looks better to be honest.
no kidding? I thought the c6 Z sounded mean. Man I want one so bad.
Some of these helmets are so dumb. How about the upside down boot with getto blaster speakers one? I think the interns got this job
For those new to the game. There are lots of people who actually enjoy the game, its just that we are playing, not on the forums whining about every single change.
What percentage does the nexus 6p hit 200 nits at?
Makes a lot of sense. Cool, so basically massively portable and able to upgrade easily. Do you see much performance hit with hyper v? Is your file sharing and printing on the vm along with the ad? I would imagine so.
Lots of guys did a mod on the forums to do just that to get that louder sound. I remember the grand sport with gm's copy of this sounding raspier and mean.
Man, you aren't kidding. Talk about way overreacting. Nail these idiots to the wall.
You should never touch their car, even to knock. You probably set them off and all they could do was try to scare you by brandishing. They definitely amped one another up as well.
Running without grass on, I see.
not really though, each society has its plusses and minuses. Chances are we'd never have a regime that gasses part of the population, for instance, because our weapon laws allow us to carry. Of course we cant go up against an army, im just saying each society has its own features. Its not all roses not being allowed to own weapons either. I dont think russian citizens can carry weapons.
Yeah generalizations are awesome.
interesting. Have you had any microstutters or anything? I'm about to buy two 1080's myself. Do you have them next to each other or spaced apart?
Microsoft uses malware techniques with their get windows 10 software (gwx) that have become worse and worse over time. I am amazed how much audacity they have to do this and I hope they get spanked for this eventually. Certainly they are not making friends.
No good deed goes unpunished
I heard this before and its so true. "When something is free, YOU are the product" Microsoft wants 10 on as many machines as possible to push their windows store ecosystem.
It was OK. Player of games was pretty awesome. Use of weapons that I just started is boring so far
Too late
Now support the vive...
Sold my video cards too soon.. jokes on me waiting lol. I will not pay the idiot tax to get a founder edition, so all I can do is be relatively patient :)
Haha, someone is justifying their purchase. I know that feeling
In on this. I have 0 video cards and an ultra wide X34 sitting :'(
Yeah my main reason is the slot I'd have to put the second card in is pci express 3.0 8x so I was worried about losing some performance.
When you move, I think you can give your forwarding address to the various shipping services and they will handle it for you. Contact them.
Do you need the outlook app on android installed? I don't see it as a separate download on the play store.
I have a 3440 x 1440 monitor coming. I guess I'll need to SLI to get 95-100 fps
Thanks!
If gsync is on, I dont think you are using vsync, anyway. Why would you? Both techniques are there to solve the same problem. Gsync being the better if you can do it.
Yep, that's the one. Excited. The monitor gets here and I have no video cards yet :(
I read somewhere to try two of the flexible ones and its basically the same thing, have you tried that?
From Nvidia's side, its better to produce not enough than too much. You dont want to flood the market and drop prices, you are paying for all your R&amp;D and payroll, etc. So, they get paid a premium for their FE cards, keep the hype train going with high demand ("We cant keep them on the shelves!!") and slowly create more capacity.
They need people in the Microsoft store ecosystem as fast as they can. Right now it's super cheap for them to pull this shit and grab the low hanging fruit rather than what it will be to claw market share back. Not to mention they have to show x numbers in the store so people will develop for them.
From the UK?
connect a gigabit connector (probably a modern laptop) directly to the router and do a speed test from there. You dont want to test internet speed with wifi, too many factors such as interference to give you a real result.
I cringed
You wanna be done.. but you cant. I'm in the same boat :'(
You guys think it needs to be on the website for them to to buy one off of their employer?
Somebody fucked up. Oh well, maybe its for the best. GB blows
They said newegg was releasing on 6/7. Its 6/6 for 3 more minutes lol.
I agree. I only said GB sucks because the hardware sucks, not because of what happened today. I mean, I'm salty right now, but they would not be my 2nd pick if we had many choice right now. I've had their cards fail on me before.
4% is pretty damn reasonable for a 4 year loan if your credit isnt so hot.
I think that they are all voltage locked, doesn't matter.
Username jokes are the best
are we paying a lot more just so that it's vegan?
Dude, the idea is that we do not want that type of dynamic with VR. VR is still very Niche and to have this kind of seperation hurts VR. Fuck you very much, facebook.
HMD's ARE NOT CONSOLES. This is like requiring a certain monitor to play specific content. No, just no. The market is small as it is and does not need fragmentation like this.
Confirmed
I agree. I kind of meant the same thing, 4% sounds too good for that amount of time.
Because the AIB solutions are cheaper and clocked higher? Are you really going to argue that the heat sink solution costs $50-75 more to produce? I get paying more for something early, sure but lets not get too crazy here.
You dont think engineering a mfd like that doesnt deserve some credit? Just because you are upset about some shipping issues?
Man, ebay is nuts, some dude has a "hybrid" 1080 for 2000 bucks!
What about for racing simulations and flying? Seems like there would be games for that?
I cant believe you have done this
Man, I'd do it to if i had the money. Racing beats pc gaming x 1000. Its so fucking expensive. Brakes, fluids, replacing parts. It never ends. So its iracing for me :(
Yeah, all that over-producing does is cost you more money in material for products that wont sell for as much each unit. Easier to see how demand is then ramp up gently to meet the best price/demand curve for X quantity. And you know they have that down to a science. Funny how amd and nvidia never have cards that come out near one another.
really? That's a bummer. I'm mostly interested in iracing, so I hope they make it viable.
ships in 4-8 days. Lulz
That would be a blast! Sears point has racing classes with corvettes that is supposed to be tons of fun. I'd be happy motorcycle racing too, but thats expensive and I dont want to break myself
Well thanks for nothing, HTC!! I hope they survive, though. They provide much needed competition in the cellphone market.
meh, A z06 will eat most exotics alive for half the cost. I like American Muscle though, Viper ACR, Corvette's. My detroit is showing :) Sure having an expensive exotic is exclusive, but its so much money to maintain one let alone own one. I get the draw, they are all awesome (except the nissan, that car to me is fugly)
Why do they have to die? I'd rather 100 choices rather than 2. Anticompetitive environments suck for us :(
Ask anyone how long a GTR can keep lapping. For such a heavy car, it blows it's brakes away quick with the computer doing all the auto correcting. The service for that car is incredibly expensive. That was 2012, not the new z06. GTR is also fully. So yeah if you want to do a few hotlaps in the GTR, have fun. If I had the money that I'd need to run a GTR I'd have some other exotic. It's an appliance with an exotic price.
They have Facebook pockets to play the long long game
On the cv1, would you say that the head tracking is better than teackir 5?
Just got one too! Beautiful
.jpg
So, has anyone played tanks in VR? How does that work?
Should get a good view of the Corvettes up front :D
Let the Justice system handle this. I don't like seeing society taking the law into its own hands. Yes he is a scumbag, but what if someone innocent ever gets caught up like this? Why did I get down voted? Am I off topic?
It would be cool if you could be the tank commander in the tank and pop out or move to the site.
I see cops on their cell phones constantly, they have a radio so I assume it's a personal phone? Or do they use them for work too?
Anybody?
It took me forever to clean mine off. Removed every screw.
They do this most likely because every single part is protected during manufacture, so it cuts their costs when they do not have to discard parts due to damage. Probably saves labor too not peeling the stuff off from their part's suppliers.
Its better for them to not have quite enough than it is to make too many..
I used the word "quite" correctly. Are you thinking of the word quiet? "Quite enough" is a phrase that means close but not all the way there.
I uh... Alright I guess?
You seem very mad, I'm sorry about your life right now 😢
What was the thing that vive delayed their release for that was going to be amazing? Was it their own touch controllers? Happened right before their original release date.
Why is it insulting to hope your life and mood improve? Has it become so bad that you immediately have to be defensive when someone actually wishes you well? Wow, Im really sorry you feel that way. Hopefully things go better and you'll be in a better frame of mind soon. Don't take all the downvotes to heart.
There you go, you brought it on yourself!
Why are we already turning this into an US vs THEM fanboy debate. They can both be awesome and you dont have to assign your identity to what kind of consumer electronics you prefer.
how did it compare to the vive ones?
Soylent: It puts the lotion on the skin.
Iced earth or warlock
oh god, please dont!
/r/gonewild is pretty good
Stop being a dick.
Consider that on ebay they take a 10 percent cut, and also paypal takes a cut, so the card price will always be higher for new.
Did the information somehow change over the last two weeks?
Does the info change over time? I'm trying to understand the two week thing. The guy said, maybe the hardware connector twists the cable, thats not going to help anything. Then you got into which twisted pair of cat 5/6 cable has more of a tighter twist to it. THATS irrelevant. So no, no matter how hard you want to win at an internet argument, you havent.
Any overheating issues?
in this forum, gamers being shitty to each other. TLDR; FE tribe vs AIB tribe
Is this guy wrong? Why would you downvote him for relevant discussion?
Because they dont actually want to make them, and dont want to sit there making hot pockets for people.
Typical of a Bloomfield snob to expect ace of cakes level of design from Kroger.
man, dont bother. I'm selling my second 1080, its still a pain in the ass.
I kind of agree
I wish they were, it would be a happier place. (Although, less rich)
I think we all agree that high crime areas tend to be more diverse.
Do you use facebook?
Yeah, I saw that, but then I'm like, do I really want to have to do all this kind of thing all the time? Sigh, I guess I'll just put up with 80 frames per second. :D Why would you spend all that money to deal with that sort of thing? The fix was like a page of shit you had to do.
I honestly thought that it was some sort of rule.
That tweak takes away most of the performance gain. But really, that's the kind of stuff I think, at least for me, is not worth spending so much money on. I get the draw for sli in 4k. It's always been finicky, and I'm betting that at least sli as it stands now won't be how it is down the road, I hope.
Could have won the lotto, but instead I got this blue man group lobster T-shirt.
Gamer meta recognition.
This makes me feel so dumb.
Modeled the way hard drives (memory) store data inminecraft. Using minecraft mechanics to emulate the parts needed to store logic (1's and 0's)
Yes it stores 1kb of random data
root and adblock plus is a good way
All they are doing is being gatekeepers (toll bridge?) and deciding which ads they want us to see to make a quick buck. We are the ones that pay for the data, who are you to decide what is and isnt blocked?
Rock lobster?
Never tell me the odds!
Nothing, it's just a crazy way to show how memory registers work using a game. Kind of cool how you can apply it to real world concepts. Some guy built an 8 bit computer inside mine craft
This is driving me crazy too. What I'm seeing is that someone will bid high, to clear out any real buyers, then use a dummy account to outbid the read account. Its super frustrating; Ebay needs to require a credit card on record for any account, or some other way to get rid of this shit. I would love to now allow buyers under a certain amount of feedback.
Did anyone buy this card? I have a 1080 FE for sale too.
Jeez, what has made you so bitter? Happy Fathers day!
Yep, I've got it set super tight like that already. Doesnt help too much with new accounts. That's what I'm doing now, BIN with no best offers.. frustrating. I think ebay doesnt want to address this because they get to double dip, and collect fees if the item sells or not is not their main concern.
Yep, train until you are blackbelt, you get put in a second school and teach for hours and hours and make next to nothing, paying the franchise fee to your master instructor whom is doing you this huge favor (and collecting all the money) See it all the time.
I thought I'd see some seppuku at the end. Wow
I'm willing to bet those that are happy with this are mostly an older crowd.
Yep, contacted them. I dont think you can block the paypal address, just the username.
Isnt it funny how its something special when someone does something honest?
You can put the email address in the list, but unless its a username, it doesnt do anything.
I heard the music. I hate how vehicle collisions and physics are with vehicles.
Cool, thanks for all the help!
"Cut down" aka ease up on the sauce
Taste and macros for athletes is a giant hole. These ingredients im guessing are more expensive than a shitload of carbs or fat.
yes, how about serving packs instead
Still used, PRI's (voice) and T1's in small business are used as super reliable backup lines to cable for us.
News radio (TV show)
10k a month? Jesus christ
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
Don't be that guy, man. We get what he meant.
Did you need your own reactor to power that thing?
target fixated a bit EDIT: A LOT, EAT ROADKILL, DOWNVOTER
UBB
*Pan camera out..* "Hello darkness my old friend...."
Yep, bought the same exact car at 28 years old or so. Was a financial burden, wayy expensive if you factor in opportunity cost. Fuck.
Have you had the valves checked? If not, do it ASAP.
Sure, but I'm willing to pay for convenience, especially since most who eat soylent are looking for convenience
Why are people down voting you?
Where exactly?
Bardle do, 1 for sixty
It seems like every company is using that these days. Would this really hold up under legal scrutiny?
They aren't mutually exclusive. Muscle milk etc has single serving bottles
One does not simply...?
Anyone test this in iracing?
If the market never went down, how are you supposed to buy at a discount?
The world is losing its mind
I'm torn here. On one hand if you were so poorly educated how would you know what you really are talking about? You are 17 years old, you sound very entitled just like many young people these days. Get out there and be successful and stop worrying about what other people have or havent given you.
I dont buy games with this stuff in it.
Seems like we would be super fucked. It seems like we are on the level of intelligence ratio of ants to a race that achieves light speed
Well, there are theories that in order for a species to get to the level to be able to have brains large enough to think big things like we do, that they have to have very caloric dense diets, aka carnivores. So, they evolve with the same aggression issues that we would have. Who knows though.
Yep, ebay will protect the buyer every single time. I sold a laptop to someone who a month later returned it with WATER DAMAGE. Of course, I had to pay for return shipping and eat the cost.
I just got HD 598's and a mod mic and its unreal how much better it is than my logitech gaming head set
It's an alternate universe, let them be in it if they want.
I would say that we aren't even close. Like expecting a caveman to run the fission plant
You don't want to try and time markets. Just start buying and if it continues down you'll dollar cost average. As long as you hold it for a while it will come back up and you'll do well.
It's sad how we already knew he did not have another cable company in his area for competition.
What a dbag
We play it by ear. Long time customers we give a lot more leeway than brand new ones. When you talk to them, what is your feel?
We are still in the sales phase. We know what they say, I was interested in what the community says.
I'm trying to explain this to the owner about ADP 401k. I think my index fun has an expense ratio of .48! Isn't that a tad high? When they brought it up to adp, adp basically told them that its because then they dont have to worry about 401k stuff, that they take care of all of it.
thanks guys.
You'll be back.
Til software engineers also create the hardware, and not at the same time
Wow bump the pricing just when the mxlogix stuff is shuttered. I can't stand their slow Onboarding process and complexity. That dashboard rewrite was just rearranging the same old complex control panel.
I helped
Looks great! I'm new too and planning to have a build like that
My first build is waiting on this
Nice staff, gandolf 😢
The calculator is missing on nynab, why would I want to use something with less features.
Thanks, did not know it did that now. I dont think you had to click before as well, though
Isn't there a target month goal that automatically suggests the monthly amount you should save to hot the goal?
You can do in line calculations. Type 50+50 and you'll get 100 on that line.
Just ran into that yesterday. Wondered why they didnt add that.
Moms spaghetti
Looks like a paintball gun
Money does not buy taste. Good lord!
Let's not forget sharter, with their only one Internet speed package and 4 Meg upload. They maintain a nice local monopoly in most areas too. Same treatment as Comcast.
Love your advertising
forever old beta lol
god, i hate samsung's asian motif emoji
Use Signal messenger which is open source and transparent, and do not trust companies to have your best interests at heart, because they do not.
Your information should be private to you even if you think "you have done no wrong so have nothing to hide". That is not the point.
It doesnt, signal is the way to go. This is about how whatsapp has bulit around their encryption, not the encryption itself.
mine, i use signal.
In the same area? Or like..the city? While they were in the midwest.
You are. and you do
There's too many people on the planet vying for the same resources. Of course we all have less.
Well, you can at least use it as an sms app and support the cause
Do you think that even if he's pardoned 1000s if people would want to go through what that guy did? I really doubt that.
Set up the goal with a due date. It will calculate how much you should budget each month until its due. Then once you pay it, set the goal for the next time its due.
Friday is Hawaiian shirt day
There is no difference between the two, both are equally preposterous.
Both are the same: Claiming something without any scientific basis. We could be a simulation for all we know, but nobody should claim it as fact. What makes me biased or ignorant wanting scientific proof where there is none? We are ALL equally ignorant as to the creation of the universe, and no sun god story can explain it away. Claiming intelligent design is no different than a caveman seeing fire for the first time and coming up with a story to explain something, that is to him, supernatural.
Show proof of metaphysical reality. If you say you cant provide proof, then how do you know it exists at all? Why is it ok for science to explain most things more and more, but when it comes to creation, it has to be some magical concept all of a sudden? Science explains everything, it also tells us what we DONT know, which is huge compared to the religious or spiritual who claim knowing things based on nothing. Its okay to not know everything about the universe. We dont need to try and come up with magic explanations on things we dont know yet. Maybe one day we will. For now, we should look for the truth, not philosophical theories based on nothing but intuition and stories written in books.
Winning the lottery 50 times in a row has mathematical odds. Its unlikely, but possible. You dont need the supernatural for it to happen. The same goes for matter popping into existence. Its entirely possible without a prime mover, intelligent force, space aliens or the flying spagetti monster. (see: https://www.amazon.com/Universe-Nothing-There-Something-Rather/dp/1451624468) We dont even know if there was a "beginning". It may have always been. What sign tells you there was a beginning? You cant go beyond science; its not a "thing"; its a way of observing your environment to learn more through proof. If you need to look for signs, its obvious you are looking for something that isnt there.
Why am I here? What is morally right? are social human questions that have nothing to do with what is or what is not, like the creation of the universe. Morality is a social construct based on your interaction with other humans, making it supernatural when something less probable happens is also made up. Why does something happening that is subjective (what makes winning the lotto twice vs 5 times more or less unreasonable? They are all possible) Science shows us things that we know, or can know, and tells us when we are wrong, where we need to shine new light somewhere to discover new laws that make things work. The church used to think that the universe revolved around the earth, now the pope is on record saying natural selection is real. Science is pushing these falsehoods back slowly. Why is it ridiculous to think the world is flat, but not that there is some being that has created the entire multiverse?
Well, not sure how new it is. I mean hand to hand combat has been around probably even before the Roman coliseum
What created your intelligent designer? If you think that there was a beginning, that means he also had a beginning. If he has no creator, then we are actually on the same page, that the universe was created (or always existed from...nothing :). If you go back far enough, and there was actually a beginning, it would have to have been manifested from nothing. Why does the universe need an intelligent designer? Could your intelligent designer create something that could destroy itself? Could it create a rock that was so heavy that it couldnt lift it? Can it escape a black hole? If yes, could it create one that it could not? Can you see where the idea of a god is actually full of holes? (lol) Again. Prove intelligent design. If you cant, you have no leg to stand on and you can continue believing in something some guy 2000 years ago convinced someone else of, and not think for yourself. I bet you are the same religion that you grew up learning (most people are).
Its hard arguing with someone who can just dream up concepts. Come on, just tell me why you think that there needs to be an intelligent designer? Also tell me why you think its infinite, where did you get this information? If it cant create something more powerful than itself, does that not mean that it is fallible? And therefore, not perfect? If a creator cannot do certain things, how could it ever create the universe in the first place? Remember, not all universes and dimensions have the same physics.. so 2+2 only equals 4 in this dimension. Basically, you are making this stuff up, or going off of what you read. You cant, as a fallible human know what or who would be infinate or not, and this is exactly what I was trying to explain to you. What you are doing is filling in the blanks to things you cant explain with imaginary things. If you cant prove it, it does not exist. You cant even show me proof of "something else". Science has proven that matter can spontaneously appear, and without a prime mover, all that youve got is "faith" which is fancy for "zero evidence but im stubborn"
Have you emailed them about it?
I died, sat giggling for 5 minutes
I see, so you just ran to the internet to complain/collect karma? Why wouldnt you try them first?
My dog prefers my toilets to their fresh water dish. I mix her kibble with hot water
I thought it was rumored to be water proof 😢
Rock n rye was my favorite growing up. What is this abomination, this, candy apple?
Grew up rich as hell. Jeves brought us rock and rye to eat with our caviar.
Isnt that insanely annoying?
I wish it was easier to know when you've hit this threshold, this money age thing is weird.
The cable industry is okay. They make more now from data only customers as it is.
That's because these games appeal to that type of person. That, and gamers in general are entitled assholes. Haha
Soon they will be freezing passengers so that they can fit more, no stewards, no in flight bathrooms, no cabin pressure
I must be different. Working at an MSP for 18 years and am becoming a partner with other employees as the owner is retiring
http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/muppet/images/3/3d/TMS-Statler%26Waldorf-BalconyBox.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110325180958
I wonder if the people who tortured him are still around, and see him on tv.
Dude, that level of activity, is that sustainable? Seems like lots of overtraining the muscles.
Stuffed cabbage?
So basically pc gaming
I replaced the 6p with an s7 edge and its an improvement. I love samsung pay too so they've got me.
so.. what pc gaming has been doing.
Have a nice day ahead
Sophos is the same way
Its about the content not about having the account or not.
TIL people with epilepsy dont click on nws
I had a seizure instead of seeing boobs &gt;:|
Insane. I'm trying to convince the office to keep it. The mobile functionality is terrible. The techs can't remember what small icon goes to what categories on a mobile phone, and mobile is where it's used 90 per cent of the time
These are the people that our healthcare system ends up having to support, your higher taxes to support the wellfare etc. So, we all suffer the consequences.
I am really sorry
I agree. In the end all this stuff is figuring out ways to distribute limited resources. We need less people.
not sure why you got downvoted. We have billions of people. We dont need more
Have you stopped having a ton of caffein? Could be withdrawals. What gave me the headaches was the big potassium/magnesium spike that a soylent diet gives.
you monster
Neil Sagan-Degrass the science guy
Given the universes size, rare is quite common
Clicked in gif, dissapointed
If you are here illegally, it's time to GTFO. Edit: If you are here with a student visa or are a citizen, of course you should be able to stay. Calm down lol
Lashing out at me isnt going to help you or your argument.
So, what do you have to worry about?
So was going to the moon at one point. So was AI.
So, what do you believe? I dont agree with banning legal visas at all. But if you are here illegally, its time to go
Why the downvote? I dont agree with legal visas getting blocked, but if you cant be bothered to go through legal channels to be here, then youll find a boot in your ass.
What mess are we in, exactly?
funny how that works. Man its tough being a moderate in this country right now. Both sides are losing their minds. So if you have a green card and a student visa, you arent allowed back in?
Bleach butthole. Got it.
I guess they should not have rigged their primary. Shot themselves right in the face. Seriously, Bernie would have been voted in.
Boxing/Fighting has plenty of resistance.
GSP does gymnastics.
The democrats just dont know how to pull together. Agree with them or not, the republicans have unity on lockdown (for the most part, of course)
Times like what?
I'm curious to see if this government action truly is bouncing those with green cards and visas, or not. I'm not so quick to jump on the circle jerk.. If it's truly just those not legally here, they can enter the country the right way (legally). My immigrant grandparents were sponsored, and became citizens.
Can't wait till these smug fools get done smelling their own farts and realize you don't just thumb your nose at the dot gov
Foreign down votes?
Down votes without any explanation. Liberals, downvotes don't spread what you believe in.
Can someone explain, what are people protesting? Is there people legally here actually being blocked? Or is this just enforcement of existing law?
Put as much as you can in without touching until retirement. Then put as much into Roth Ira, then boats n hoes
You roll the dice, especially if you aren't mechanically enclined. Use what you are good at to put more money towards something depreciated , but not worthless or a time bomb
She is stretching, comrad
Not the physics we asked for, but the physics that we deserve.
Jokes on them, I'll never save that much
I want to see SSD statistics
I hate it when people say please advise
Sure, I hope this helps! 1. Retail is 3k, but you may be able to get it for less than that.. 2. No, once you get the race system, no panniers, no passenger pegs. I plan on just having a tank and trunk bag. 3. I dont have a head mounted setup, but plan to eventually. Do you just want to hear it? 4. Zara is awesome! I sure can. She's my favorite thing in life. https://youtu.be/JMFqU_Rkfcw and https://youtu.be/b8ledXw4XHg
I got it because it was a little taller, and I liked the more smoked look. I'm getting the carbon fender and hugger so I think it will tie everything together nicely. Tank pad too.
Honestly, the bike is so new its hard to give context on the low range, since I actually got it brand new with the exhaust as part of my deal.. so I cant really tell you. I should jump on a demo bike and give you a comparison. I was worried about down low backpressure going away with the valve being removed but the fueling seems great.!
about 2700 all in. Painful. Especially since I would have rather done the work myself. But my dealer is awesome and I like to support them.
YOU'LL BE BACK
Shes my first "my" dog. And I really lucked out. So much personality and really a good girl. Them ears LOL. Pitbulls are so good if you raise them right. Also my first Pitbull doggo
I want to hear that too. I need to figure out if I really should have the DB killers in or not.
you mean google goggles?
*touches ears*
hahahaha
nobody cares about bixby
You're at least slightly retarded if you believe in magic space creators
I think you are on the right track
I think that with the information that is available, the scientific method, and the lack of any substantive proof, that you either are of low intelligence, were raised to believe what you do and have not had the opportunity to decide for yourself, or are actively trying to deceive yourself.
No two up on this ride, But it would be more comfortable than a traditional sport bike, but not by a ton.. Break in is under 6000 for the first 1000km, then under 8k is recommended until 1500 km.
Its soooo nice
Shame about that controller aiming
60 fps, thats cute. 120 fps + is what pc's are moving to. With monitors that support that, without tearing.
Gratitude
most came from other parts of the world, anyway.
I knew you had something loaded up, you were just seething that someone would call you retarded for believing in your imaginary sky person. What else did your 2000 year old book tell you how to think? How about some proof and not just referring to essays and texts not based on real world research? Your intelligence so far is highly questionable. The nice thing about science is that it will admit when its wrong and change. Its too bad religion only does it when it struggles to stay relevant.
The burden of proof is on you, pal. I'm not the one claiming your sky god created all things. So you arent exactly coming from a place of logic. Just stop being dumb about this. We will argue back and forth for hours and you will end up saying you just have to have "faith" What makes your religion out of the 1000 other ones correct? Seems kind of "full of yourself" if you ask me. How lucky you are that the religion you grew up with is the correct one. Amazing. If, for some reason, you selected your particular fantasy land, then well, refer to my first post. You've clearly derailed your logic train along the way.
No, its not. You pointed to some essay. It's funny how you are trying to say you could have a logical debate about something that is pure fantasy. Seriously, just stop, you are embarrassing yourself. "First, the analogy is false. The teapot can produce no possible evidence of its existence whether it exists or not. The existence of the universe, on the other hand, is precisely the evidence we would expect if God does exist. It is not conclusive evidence (i.e. proof) but possible evidence that God does exist. If God were to exist, the universe would exist. Since the universe does exist, God may exist. This is neither circular reasoning nor affirming the consequent because by this it is not argued that the universe makes God’s existence imperative. Rather, where the existence of God is A, the nonexistence of God is B, and the existence of the universe is C: If A or B, then C" This is so terrible. "If the universe exists, so then, god may exist" What? No, if the universe exists, it does because conditions are right for it to be so. That's all you can say. You cannot claim what created it, be it the big bang, god, or the flying spaghetti monster. Evidence makes things plausible, and is why we know of the big bang, cosmic background radiation, black holes and other things you cannot see with your own eyes. There is no "perhaps A" without proof. An atheist does not need to disprove god to make it true or false, you dont take that there is no god on faith, but on the current evidence that there has been no proof presented by any person to prove otherwise. Atheists dont "believe" that there is no god, they are simply saying that there is no evidence to prove there is a god and the universe existing does not make it any more possible or not. What do you say when they have proof that the universe can "spring into being" without any outside prime mover? That is what you need to show. What in the universe cannot exist without some outside force creating it? No evidence of that, as of yet.
v-sync introduces input lag, doesnt it?
I feel it a lot in pc racing games and flight sims. I just cant use vsync unless its fast sync, off or g-sync.
I am not defending russell's teapot. See my edit. I argue that your text makes an assumption that it equalizes things, when it in fact, does not. You cant make something up, like the god concept, and tell somebody that they are the ones that need to prove you wrong. You also dont make up atheism. It just is. All that it means is that you dont believe in theism. Its not a faith. What your article is trying to do is project the absurdity of religion's argument back upon atheists.
Trump is a secret coal burner
It ran on electric coal
Burn it from orbit
controller just sucks for fps for me. But I'm coming from a pc background.
Oh look, the internet debate referee calling the fight. Ok, guy. Have fun in fantasyland. Russell's teapot, jesus's banjo, you are still dedicating a huge part of your life based on a lie engineered thousands of years ago. Pathetic can't describe the way your life has been wasted.
I guess you arent smart enough to figure it out. Oh well. So long, sheep.
You just said you had a hard time understanding what I was saying. Now you aren't? Come on man, keep up and or at least don't flip flop on me. Anyway, done with you soon, hopefully youll pray for more brains sooner rathar than later. By the way, the guy who posts a link to nonsense and declares himself right is not debating. Also funny is that you think I'm parroting yet the single idea of yourreligion is to believe in something somone else came up with based on faith. Just amazing what the human mind is capable of fooling itself. Why do you think priests call their congregation their "flock". Pathetic dude. You haven't even said once what you believe in, you just talk about the failed essay you linked Be honest with me here: Do you actually believe your spirit goes somewhere else and if you are bad you go to a different place where you are punished forever? Do you realize how retarded that sounds? Your argument is weak, and so is your sad, (albeit common) need for purpose in life, found through religion. You see ex drug addicts and prisoners who get "born again" actively seeking religion. Good luck trying to belittle people because they don't regurgitate long strings of words that boil down to nothing. Dummy.
They actually called me first thing and those missing parts are a national problem. So Italy is sending them, who knows how long until we get them. More importantly, did you ride yet?
They are supposed to come with the racing exhaust, but apparently they are missing from most of the kits. Short term its no big deal according to the dealer. Oh well, at least they have it covered.
They didnt say that, they said you switch sides instead of being kicked out. They are working on actually fixing operations still.
Disable it witness the difference though. It uses a hack to monitor for the button and it creates unnecessary load
With all that experience this shows how disconnected the academic world is from real business implementation. Not trying to be insulting here but you are a PHD. Schools need to have a better way to keep IT students current. It seems to me that school just shows an employer what you are capable of learning. Its so easy to get outdated in this field, it sure is frustrating. Have you thought about bringing in consultants to get you going, and then taking it from there? Obviously you have the brains and knowledge for it.
This is what I find as well. Easier bike to ride fast than a fast bike that is going to eat you alive with one wrong move.
I wonder how many guys like Hitler were actually shot, saving the world from lots of pain.
Finally a screen to display yo momma
Shame about the color. My grandma used to buy cars in that color so I'm forever ruined.
What makes it a meme?
Why is that a meme though? I get why it might be bad.
I can agree with that. Hopefully the new vette paint shop they are building will allow for more colors/custom colors. My favorite z06 colors are the laguna blue (and the replacement) and the yellow. Red, you can never go wrong with. Silver is the worst color for a sports car, unless its a delorean :) Or a musclecar stripped to the aluminum and clear coated....
I hate that 4k/3d push. Like why does a cell phone need 4k?
Preach! Just because its star wars doesnt mean you cant make a deep game. They just know they need to cast the widest net possible and that means appealing to the casual crowd to cash in on the license. :(
you never know when you might want to zoom in on the screen from fucking space
Gross, are you sure you dont want a Le Sabre? :D All corvettes are Red.
Looks like they are coming back online, as of around 2pm EST.
Surly this beats Bono's record of **80 Courics**
I havent been this excited for a 1 round fight since when Tyson was blasting people.
Clearly you are already brain damaged, what would you have to lose?
This guy sounds like hes got wayyyyy too much time on his hands. I would have blocked him, too.
You have that dot on Verizon?
What makes this case worth 90 dollars?
They seem to be having problems still.
Wheres the mouse and keyboard
Wheres the mouse and keyboard
This again. Downvoted
This again. nope
OH WOW! ...everyone does this
OH WOW! ...everyone does this
You couldnt be bothered to search?
It's okay, as punishment, drink 6 nectars in a row and post pics of the empties as proof.
anyone that says "fam" after saying anything, is a d-bag without peer.
Whoever downvoted this is a bad person, and should feel bad
Thanks for calling in!
When people say first time caller, long time listener.
Ebay getting desperate. Maybe they should make you want to sell on ebay instead of going hammer and tongs on everyone
.... That seems hard core. Are you sure you don't just want arcade with high damage and no healing?
I hate the old fashioned marketing and colors too. Are you guys trying to get mcguires business by looking very close?
Can you apply hydro Blue to satin and matte paint?
You're all bad
So how many people are scrambling to get this malware?
More like downloading into computers and creating our own reality
Wow, taking their time on this one :( Thought they were working on it. Were they surprised that there would be more than one season?
Make it work for motorcycles and cars
Yeah, I think they are having a lot of problems lately. I wish the dev's would communicate like they used to.
I just had this. Its annoying.
I'll let you guys tell me how good it is before I enable it again. Just let me use my damn bixby button for what I want and lets be done with this.
Just how like a square wants to be a wheel
because you cant stop being obsessed with him? Jesus dude, for once, come up with something creative.
My question is, who are the fuckwits who make this type of business profitable?
my pitty says "no"
Pretty much what my order would look like if they accidently sent Nectar. Sorry about the scumbags :(
Have you thought about installing your own camera?
Do you mean a normal thief? They arent smart or rational.
Looks sort of unnatural. Like everything is too clean. Inside the car too. No glare off of the windshield and dust/dirt.
People cant seem to not bring up or talk about politics 24/7 in anything. I could post a stick figure and someone would make a political statement out of it.
God, gamers are such entitled pricks
:D Dogs are awesome. Shes my first. I was hanging out my window shooting my ar this winter after christmas and shes right there next to me. Crazy dog
Man you guys are sensitive
It's all in the beard
Big difference between the one you had?
What bike? What website?
Playing a pre alpha means it's not free. I mean you are working for free.
I'm talking about the windshield, stuff youd see off of a brand new car. It should have that "inside a car" feeling with the windshield not completely 100 percent transparent. The landscape and everything is super smooth and no random dirt etc around. Like an animated movie, no small details. I guess we just dont have the power yet with pc's.
Take your meds. A sure sign someone has a weak argument on the internet is when they go for the spelling or grammar approach. TLDR: salt.
Are too!
agreed
That's probably the most awesome description for anything ever.
Hey man hope you had a good weekend. I'm kind of over the entire thing. I hope it didnt stress you out too much.
Thank you for this, awesome. They are gorgeous machines. Look at getting the ducabike see through clutch cover.
Poor little snowflake ;)
Its a good last ditch defensive tactic, imho. I will say that it was a lost opportunity for a dirty sanchez on national tv
Do you like the juice? The juice is good?
I need a referral code, did you end up getting one??
900 dollars better ship the actual lady
Thanks for the update. I guess for my use case (mounted to a motorcycle) the weight wont be too much of a problem. I mean, I guess I could run a cable... but I dont know.
Hellcat or dodge demon
neat
I own one. It's a great bike
The hoof cannot be unseen
Better get keyboard and mouse support in the Xbox soon..
Cat6 isn't all that expensive it's that 5E is just so cheap comparatively
downvote for saying "fake news"
Why the downvotes? They take these reports very seriously.
Who says this? I dont hear this. Just the regular stuff; I hear about Millenials is that they have odd motivations. A fun one is to spend as much time not working as possible. lol
If you could upvote this and get someone at Ducati's attention, that would be swell!
It can't hurt to ask. Thanks for the perspective and suggestion. The installation is 5 hours book time, I wonder if they really want to do that. I get it's the supplier, but Ducati does have control to stand bahindcthe product or come up with some other solution other than, "no ETA sorry"
Because it was sold to me from the dealer with 0 miles. Ducati advertises these accessories on their own website, exactly why shouldn't Ducati be responsible? This isn't some 3rd party exhaust bought after the fact. Why is it up to me to make this right? I can understand Ducati not having control over the part themselves, but Ducati should not be ok with "no ETA" and a brand new bike sitting for 30 days without an update or other solution.
The dealer did not know it was incomplete. You are saying I should be chasing suppliers around or are you saying the dealer should? So far, we have heard nothing. Ducati partners with akrapovic directly, they should be able to make things happen. You don't tell a customer no ETA, no we won't tell you you can ride.
Muscle weighs more than fat. I think your question needs to be "how do i get more muscle and less fat" than actual weight, which means nothing. You could gain 30 lbs in fat, how would that help anybody? Track your body composition and calories. Work out and get enough protein which soylent alone, IMHO, can't do right now.
Basically it sounds like the parts wont be available for a long time. Honestly the exhaust probably runs cooler than the stock one, so the dealer is going to try to get something in writing that I can ride less those shields and they will cover anything that comes up. I honestly just wish Ducati would give a straight answer. No eta is fine as long as they have a valid reason instead of "just because"....
Thanks dude. My parts guy says the same thing. He said my issue is not unique and Italy does this to them all of the time. So my route now is to get something in writing to okay my riding and go from there.
This is the state of gaming these days. Big studios want to cash in, they are just reskinned treadmills to buy dlc, lootboxes what have you. Indy dev is where all the gameplay and creativity is.
is the gameplay (not content) any more advanced than before? I want battlefield in star wars, not easymode battlefield
Don't you think?
Watch him as he goes *crying*
Different times. We were in a race, the entire nation was behind us. We put something like 3% of our GDP into the project, which is unheard of now
I sent a nice email to Akrapovic too. But, im guessing they are on summer vacation too...
Cant hurt. Just tried ducati italy's support number. Got a long italian message and then it hung up. Probably closed I think.
Does anyone have a contact number for Akra? Looks like the usa number 949-679-3491 is disconnected
This is what happens when corporations need to see expanding growth year over year instead of a decent profit. Corporations need to pull this shit
Correct, akra sent them 5 kits, all missing the same parts including instructions. The mount points for the shields are metal bands that go around the pipe around the back, along with a relocate kit. Ducati sent out a bullten a few days after I took delivery, they called me and let me know that the parts were being sent to them, that was a month ago, and akra/ducati went dark on them, giving them no other information. At this point, I dont care who is to blame, everyone should be taking care of the customer. We had no idea, because their demo bike looks the same, and they actually have raced it.
Good idea. Yep, doing that now. Tweeted to @ducatiusa and @myakrapovic The main shield im worried about is the one between the shock and the main pipe before the two end points split. There is also a missing kit that moves the rear master cylinder further out and puts a little metal shield on it. I put some gold heat reflector on it for now but I want ducati to give me the ok to ride. Fucking nobody is taking ownership of all of this. Their demo bike had the full exhaust on it too, missing the same parts. They have raced the thing on a track and nothing looks melty but a little bit of the rear master cylinder cap. But im more worried about the fluids being cooked. Luckily the supersport s rear shock has a remote cylinder further back away from the heat, but still. I shouldnt have to worry about this kind of crap.
You arent wrong. Gamers have 0 self control Hence pre-order shinanigans and this utterly horrible "early access" industry where you play unifinished games, and pay for it. Its garbage. People lap up DLC, catch up DLC and pay to win garbage.
Yeah, not too worried. I'm just worried about down the line a magical shock fluid failure or melted master cylinder cosmetic damage and ducati saying eh fucka ah youu
I sure hope it has a higher skill ceiling. It just felt like a casual game before. The whole metro spam thing makes me sad :(
When the product is free, you are the product
What a joke
Finally doing something right. We dont need political statements on our goddamn license plates.
