that might apply to smaller servers, however big servers like balmung and gilgamesh will still have the problem of hunts being killed by 30 people rather than 8
I obliviate myself from time to time just to get that feeling again.
If there was a way to send it over the internet, I would.
I actually liked the healing LB of BRD, I saved a lot of parties with that when I used to main BRD
Except Fat Cat would eat all the food laid out.
3 hours for dungeon drops? Thats a cute estimate. 1.5million Gil is also over the top, though I guess that depends on your server but on Balmung you get everything for around 300k last I checked.
It will be quickern I agree but three hours is really a bit generous, it all relies on RNGesus. And ouch really?
Really? They nerfed that? Damn.
Well to be fair when I did it, I had the time because of a lasting injury. All in all I did it in a month, mostly stuck on Alexandrite. Hows the drop rate on that now?
A lot of massacres are announced ahead of time, but most of the time they aren't taken seriously. There are a few Youtube channels of now dead shooters where they announced what they were gonna do.
Looking at statistics, the NFL has less concussions than college and high school leagues. I'm thinking its because youth players take more risk and don't think about the consequences.
Use the other debuff thingy-majick the dark purple one. Name eludes me atm. I use that and Foresight for the first heavenly heel and easily survive with 6-10k hp depending on whether or not rng allows me to parry. I use all slaying on my DRK and have about ~17k health with party and food buff. I got a whole rotation for the fight which keeps me alive pretty good. If you want to know it, I'll type it out.
Thordan is a good PLD fight, it's OP in there. Doesn't need to use their "Oh shit" button at all and the DPS isn't bad on PLDs, obviously not as good as DRK or WAR, but still enough to push a bit when needed. What really got to me was that Royal Authority isn't comboed with Riot Blade(iirc, i'm bad with remembering Skill names, the mp givy back one). It has a higher potency than what it is currently comboed with, making the DPS combo of PLD suboptimal.
Why would it kill that for you? I hope I need to do AS4 for it. i want to earn it and not getting it thrown at my face without effort.
I'd say DRG is easy to learn, but hard to master. The rotation is pretty straight forward, but knowing when to Geirskogul and when to not is the biggest issue I had while learning the new 60 rotation. It's satisfying to get off Wheeling Thrust/Fangs and Claws at 1s left.
He is talking cinematic though. Lore-wise a DRK without restraint and who has given in to the dark side would win.
Mentor system? I heard of the training hall system but I didnt hear of this. Mind explaining it to me?
Fun fact: if you put your fc logo on it, it's on it's right butt cheek.
That makes me sad. I had a DRG in Void Ark who literally was just standing on the flank, not moving at all apart from skill animations. I die a little inside everytime I see that, having mained DRG in ARR
Well the thing is, a WAR giving in to his Inner Beast is just a wild beast, while a DRK may not have the prowess, he can still think and is highly intelligent whem he gives into the Dark side. There is another comment chain in here where it's explained better than i can.
I'm not a native english speaker but I thought "dude" could refer to both men and women alike. Just like a mixed group of women and men can be called "guys".
Oh I'm not talking about new players(they are quite tame, with some bad sheep here and there). I'm talking about people who are alt leveling. Had one guy who told me my opinion doesn't matter because he has more 60s than me.
You don't need any cooldowns until Heavenly Heel. And yeah Shadow Wall and Foresight is the only thing I pop for that. Next CD on Bladedances. I usually LD and Concalescence the sword one and use whatever cooldowns are left for the shield one, with good DPS yand good RNG the WAR will have his one downed and it will be a soft Bladedance. Again no CD until next HH. Second one is a baby one since theres nocleave after, Foresight and Shadowskin. Next Heel, big damage Shadow Skin and Shadow Wall. For fourth one LD should be back up, I pop that and them the fight is nearly over, except you enrage but he just spams Ancient Quaga then and it's just a DPS check from there. Hope it helped. Feel free to ask me anything that is unclear. Also there should be no third Bladedance, you won't meet the DPS check if you get it. Thordan should be around 71-69% at HH. If you get him to 69, he will skip the cleave after HH.
Are you running Thordan with your static? Or are you pugging it? If you are pugging it, I'd recommend setting the ilvl up to 200, while ilvl isnt everything, it does balance out some aspects of people with bad rotations.
Ah I heard about Goblin from someone in my static, he transferred over to Balmung because there was nothing going on on Goblin. Hope you get your clear soon.
No problem. If you need any other tips at all, concerning anything at all, I'll be happy to help.
Was hälst du von Ausdrücken wie "Deutsch-Türke"? Ich perslnlich finde das es nicht zur Integration beiträgt, sondern eher bestimmte Personengruppen abspaltet vom "typisch deutschen". Meiner Meinung nach ist man das was auf dem Pass steht, hat man einen deutschen Pass, ist man Deutscher. Hat man einen türkischen pass, ist man Rürke. Würde mich brennend interessieren wie du das siehst.
Uh you can change that in the settings y'know? Controllers usually have legacy settings, allowing for freer movement.
I really want to help new people, but what I've encountered is simply people who don't care or don't listen. I try to explain stuff and get called an elitist asshole and tryhard, getting answers like "oh this is just a level xx dungeon, who cares". Other times I simply get ignored, I had a WAR in Haukke Manor who didn't use Tomahawk or Overpower and kept losing aggro, I explained multiple times how both work in his favor, I got completely ignored. I get maybe 1 in 30 players that actually say "hey cool thanks" when I point out their mistakes, I really can't be bothered anymore with the apathy and hostility i receive for wanting to help. It's good that you had so much positive things happening when you helped out, but I can't share the sentiment. I understand your point, but thinking back how I got better, I made an effort and researched my class to death. I'm still always researching, since I simply know I can still do better. I am not the best player out there, not by far, but I make an effort, which I see a lot of new players lacking.
Thanks for this, now to trick myself into replacing all my DRK icons with the DRG ones and see me play DRG on DRK
"fairy new here" i see what you did there, even if it was by accident
Well he literally can't get into thw game if he is still in as3. Otherwise it'd show him as offline or in a part of the world.
I used to think there were different kinds of fc types and that the tag was the name and the name the type.
The only thing lacking in PLD aggro is the snap aggro. Compared to Tomahawk or Unleash/Unmend(can never remember which is which), Shield Lob just doesn't cut it.
To be fair, JKR did say that she was a bit naive about the whole thing and thinking back she'd put Harry and Hermione together.
Geez calm down. Why the swearing? I read it differently alright? My source may have put it into false proportions, no need to get rude like this.
What always turned me off by the statement in the movies of "You have your mothers eyes", was the fact that both actors that played Harrys parents had blue eyes. Could never take it as seriously. Great edit though. Mr. Rickman saved the disaster somewhat.
Let's all put our money together and buy it. I got ten bucks in my pocket.
Because Christians and Jews don't see themselves that way right? Also &gt; Men are seen as superior to women That's just blatantly false. While it is true that it is that way in many modern Muslim relationships, it is not part of the religion. The Quran never says aanything like that
Probably because Dan, despite having quite a few subs, is still a very niche type of youtuber. Most people that know of him, are people who like him.
Awesome art, would love to comission something with you :D
South Park predicted it!
I was kinda disturbed by 'a great kid' coming after those sentences.
how casual do you have to be if you only get 500 esos per day?
Having sex isn't a choice to get pregnant. But nice b8 m8.
Fuck her that slideshow was great.
i think you need to look again xD "i've cream"
And then watch them look for the non-existent scratch.
How are those two comparable? BC can fail, a woman shouldn't have to 'live with the consequence' of something she had no control over, especially if she went to all lenghts with both condom and her own BC.
So if you ride a bike and fall down and break your arm in a way that makes it heal crookedly if it doesn't get put back in a normal position, you should just accept it and not let it get fixed correctly, because it was your choice to ride a bike.
Yeah but even if she claims to be his girlfriend, legally she has no standing point. If she had been married to him that would have been a different case, but as far as I know 'girlfriends' will only get something if its stated in a will or blood related family is kind enough to give her some.
So can chubby/fat people do MMA at all or should there be a basic fitness? I'm curious about MMA but I am quite fat.
No, you don't understand. Autocorrect struck again for you.
Fair enough. Though I do think it also depends on the judge.
MFW I realize I've been watching too much SJW crap for fun and I read sysscum instead ofsysadmin.
TRIGGERED
*bent
TRIGGERED HOW DARE YOU ILL LET YOU KNOW BRATLEIGH ONLY GETS BARBIE WRAPPER TO SHOW THE SUPERIORITY OF WOMEN.
Yes, but is he erratic? I must have overread that.
Thanks for the answer! And yeah I wasn't trying to disregard his attitude, but I don't know anyone who does MMA and I saw my chance.
GDI the feels.
Is the news that he 'protrcts' his tweets now? What a tool.
Eurofag here, can confirm we are stupid.
Especially considering they probably haven't analyzed the study. like for example:how many people were psrt of it, what were the test conditions etc etc. That is the problem with these SJWs they see a headline andare immediately dazzled into ignoring everything else. Another good example of a bullshit study is the one about vaccines causing autism.
The same way Christians justified their killings over the many years where we didn't have secular states: Heathens bring abput Gods wrath, therefore they must die.
Hey some creationists are asking for video proof for evolution from millioms of years ago. The lenghts conspiracy theorists go to just to feel justified.
Both sides have their jerks. I'd like to quote Bojack Horseman on this: 'Most people are already jerks and it's not like giving a jerk a gun(or in this case ideology) is going to make them not jerks.'
I think you're confusing immigrants with refugees, it's a common mistake a lot of germans make(including the press) If you want to improve senior citiziens life, make lots of children. The Generationenvertrag is at fault if there is poverty among senior citiziens(which I really haven't found to be the case anywhere I've lived yet). Retirement money was raised recently as well, so I don't know what you are basing this on. Citation needed.
I think you misunderstood what he said. (while I agree with you, that wasn't his point imo). Lets play out a scenario. We take someone who is already anti-gays. He isn't afraid of violence. Now that person sees someone in power pass legislations that restrict the rights of the people he hates. He gets a bigotry-boner. He sees more and more stuff like that passed and keeps seeing more gays pop up around him. He thinks to himself: the people in power hate gays and so does the extremist group I am sympathizing with. They won't punish me even if I go to court and even if I get the death penalty, my god will welcome me with open arms. Then he goes and shoos up a gay nightclub. There is always more than one reason why someone does something. I am not defending him, nor do I blame bigoted bills for his actions, but I think thats what the commentor wanted to convey.
Fat person here, no not at all. I am aware I am fat and thus dont wear anything thatd make me or other cringe.
Lmao, that genuinely made me burst out laughing in public. Made my day, hope you have a good one.
I agree that economic migrants are basically cancer. However I still need a citation for senior citizien poverty. In the future it will become a problem solely because of the lack of children. Currently however there is plenty of funds for the current retirees. I'd also like a citation where it shows that villages and towns are struggling. (Please no article from Bild though)
I'll give you the Kreuzberg one. Bremen article didn't mention anything about refugees, though I might have missed that. The Spiegel article shows some pretty interesting data. Namely most of the people getting low retirement money are women from West Germany. That has a historic background. Women in West Germany oftentimes became SAHMs(which while being accounted for doesn't give as much as actual work time payments), while East Germany women were working most of the time even with kids. It also factors in that again like I said the Generationenvertrag is fucking us over because there are more and more senior citiziens and not enough children,plus senior citiziens were once expected to be in retirement for 10-15 years before dying and making room for new senior citiziens. It's sad, but refugees aren't a factor in this. I completely understand your frustration about this, however we need retirment reform and not refugee hate to change this.
He should join the army then and be asked to be shipped to syria.
Heh, patriotism=being called a nazi here.
They don't. But as far as I know they have the right to see your ticket. What the guy filming doesn't get is that he entered a contract by purchasing the ticket.
Have you seen the tags he used? He literally used things like 'OrlandoShooting' and 'OrlandoGayClub' as tags.
It's not grasping at straws if he literally said he did it for ISIS and his faith.
well, if you want to get rid of someone just call him antisemite, youll never see them again
What a silly question, there is always someone higher. It's an endless circlejerk.
Buzzfeed stole it earlier from 9gag/reddit. It was a joke until Buzzfeed made it something it wasn't supposed to be.
Makes me think quantum physics isn't that hard to learn.
That's really silly. My best friend still talks to me when he has gf, even when they bitch. Bros before hoes.
Amanda Steinberg sounds like a lovely lady if she informs these misguided souls to this extent.
This is without a doubt one of the stupidest articles I have ever read. While I am no fan of the Zelda series, it has its receipe that works and looks good. We all saw how well remaking something with an all-female cast worked for Ghostbuster.
And here I thought I was the only lazy mofo who did this.
Kinda sounds like the start of a Liam Neeson movie.
Can someone explain what I just read?
He has no friends because he uses fucking emojiis.
Yeah people will still call you a rapist, because there is no way someone ever made up rape stories.
I think I read somewhere that thats what some people consider "cool" on their cars.
Yeah because we should defintely regress back into medieval ages.
Not even for 1billion dollars, maybe 2billion bit certainly not 1 billion.
What do they have against imgur?
Crusades, witch trials, extermination of pagans, take your pick.
Are you really asking that? They look like cancer. People use them inappropiately and pretty much creep everyone with a brain out.
Emojii user detected
Not gonna bite.
Obviously in this instance OPs emojiis are ironic amd yes I am genuinely creeped out by them. Idk why. Whatever happened to good ol' 'xD' instead.
Have you heard of ifunny? It will alleviate your moos in seconds.
What about us attack helicopter? We are never correctly represented and always shown as being submissive to cis white males. I demand Link be an attack helicooter!
SMH when will SJWs learn to read more than headlines? You aren't paid less(thats illegal in most countries) You esrn less because of social factors.
Not an atheist, former Christian now Pagan. Fact of the matter is still that crusaders killed dozens of innocent children and women in the name of 'god'. It was also mostly about capturing Jerusalem as the Holy Land. Sure the Saracenes also did their fair share of killing, but does that mean the crusaders are excused? No, no it doesn't. Don't pretend like it was some sacred mission to rescue anyone. It was to push the churches agenda.
Explain the children crusade to me then. I am sure they were also quite fervously reclaiming land, that is until they all vanished in the name of their religion. Also pot calling kettle black much? Anyway I am done with this endless circlejerk of yours. Have a nice day.
&gt;smart Meanwhile they can't analyze studies correctly or listen to logical, proven arguments.
Seeing their typing I'd imagine they have an easier time believing we came from apes, they clearly never evolved.
Funny how you have to attack to me personally to prove a point, which actually only proves to myself that indeed all SJW and BLM activists are the same. No real arguments? Better attack the person itself. I kindly thank you for the demonstration and reasserting my beliefs with your close-mindedness and also proving my point of not being able to correctly analyze. Have a wondeful day. :)
I can't deny that. They ignore the logic they so claim to defend.
Fat person here. I agree, while I don't hate myself because I am fat, I don't say I'm healthy either. I'm a fat fuck, not proud of it but I at least attempt to change myself by going to the gym.
Do keep us updated then.
oh boy
Yeah being drunk doesn't make you do anything that you didn't already want, it just lowers the inhibition to a level where everything that speaks against sober you doing it, is merely background noise.
Delicious, bacony genocide.
Her tits are already out there afaik.
Well the bible does say to just pay 20silver and marry the bitch you rape and you'll be a-okay.
TRIGGERED
Well if she got preggers from the rape there is always herbal abortion too. Not a very detailed description in the bible, its there nonetheless.
Nah if she can still birth she is only taking testosterone and hasn't actually done the operation, meaning technically still a woman.
The description lol: &gt;get attacked Where? By them asking the protestors to leave the property? Fucking hilarious.
All hail immunity cat, our benevolent overlord.
It also should be noted that you might not ear candy thats been unwrapped for years, but a young freshly unwrapped piece of candy sure beats a wrapped one.
Being a fat person myself, believe me when I say we aren't all like that. I don't glorify it, I just live with it and try my best to exercise regularily.
Little bit of column A, little bit of column B most likely. Also suggestive camera angle+those shirts.
I kinda stopped watching after my favourite wrestler Eddie Guerrero died. Was just shortly befire CB went crazy, though I think I still saw the tribute to him before they knew he went psycho on his family. I saw glimpses of the new WWE here and there, but I was not impressed.
Old testament is still part of most bibles i've seen. Usually says 'Bible - New and Old Testament'. Obviously there isn't rape every 10 pages, there is still a lot of messed up stuff in it.
We got a new potential copy+paste, anyone got the text?
THE NOOKIE
Exactly what I thought. She probably just wanted a job for that.
Tyvm.
And stick it up your, yeah!!
True, I see incest puppies in her future.
Iirc Germany offers it regardless of time worked. You also aren't allowed to fire someone pregnant and have to reemploy when she was preggers at the time of her firing, even if the boss didnt know it.
SJWs have some pretty neat arguments, biatch.
I agree to a degree with you. There certainly are females capable of restraining criminals, the same as there are female soldiers who can meet field deployment requirements, but they shouldn't change regulations for those who can't. It's a risk to everyone. If a female can meet the same requirements as a male can, she should be allowed the same jobs. If she can't she is a liability.
Catboys are all erper.
*uses plunge and steals some of it*
You can turn off targeting players with your weapon out, it's under Character Config&gt;Filter iirc
*holds out some strips* Come on I know you want to.
I thank you kindly DRK bro, maybe one day these other peasant tanks can keep up with our plunge.
Oh I'm sorry I thought this was a cringe thread.
Isn't that the number one thing you learn in driving school? I k ow I did when I was trying for a license.
Don't forget Guthenberg, who made it possible to massprint books.
IMO if a female can pass the same requirements as they are right now, before any bs changes to it, they should be allowed combat roles. It trickles down to individuals, but why rob the military of some good soldiers if they actually meet the requirements?
It's sad that I thought for a moment this was a serious article and only the company name made me realize its satire.
German here, we have POC little people hiding in our kitchens who do all the cooking.
This is fucking hilarious.
Brand was originally a satire/protest brand but got its message demolished by hipsters who wore it.
Thank you :)
BILD is the Fox News of Germany so I wouldn't give them too much credit.
Where I'm from moszly hipsters wore/wear it. So I can only speak for that.
*England and Wales
If Scotland gets its independence, Northern Ireland will most definitely push for Unification more.
- Goods become more expensive - UK jobs pay less - UK citizens can no longer move to any EU country they like
It's called indirect democracy. The countries vote their representstives in and in turn those vote the leaders. Undemocratic would be if they were appointed without any votes, but they aren't.
If you're already rich, you get richer. Pound is on a height low after the vote, so people with assets in something else benefit.
You do know migrants are still there right? The pound has dropped 10% in the time it took for the votes to come out.
Quite optimistic I see. It's mere speculation that it will stabilize as well. Your country could well be facing another recession.
It's really not. You have no human rights act and those pesky spy bills that one of your politicians was trying to pass, will now be greenlighted. You have lost 360bln £ in one night. The UK is worth less now. The EU was protecting you from your government. Scotland and North Ireland will get their independence/unification respectively, meaning the UK will basically cease to exist. One of the leader of the leave moment admitted he has no idea what he is supposed to do after Brexit. He himself admits recession is a viable possibility. There is no plan for after Brexit.
Did I say my own speculation? Nope.
Whatever you say :) I made my point and see no further need to argue about this, have a nice day.
I agree. India has a massive equality problem. An indisn friend told me once women still are seen as their husbands property. These bs quotes will only hinder their movement and turn hostility towards women.
Welsh farmers were living of off subsidies from the EU. There is also the trade agreements, free movability, no export tax inside the EU. The UK doesn't have its own human rights act and was using the EU one(like a lot of EU countries do). Statistics show that educated parts of the UK voted for staying. Most Leavers were either old or poorly educated. Make of that what you will.
Thing is,she is projecting. she literally says: &gt;"Even I still think of myself as a freak sometimes. That means other people do too"
She claims asexuality with a hate for sex. So no worries there.
It does for the younger generation.
not really, but thank you. Have a wonderful day.
Citation needed.
Can you proof otherwise?
Pretty sure this is a joke. Though i don't know anymore in this world.
Seems like we are being taken over by whiny bitches.
Yeah but they wouldn't be safe there to write their cringy posts.
We shall dive deeper into this mystery,Clarence.
This looks terribly photoshopped.
His dad shot in a parking lot. It was hilarious. Everyone laughed.
He kimda missed the point of anonymous.
Socialism is just the way to communism. It's supposed to prepare and change the minds so communism can become reality, but humans being humans thats never going to happen.
Because they never entered in the first place. The EU is going to make an example out of the UK to dissuade any other cpuntry from leaving. They'll try to fuck them over at every turn.
Yes he totally chaimed her down(probably idk) to prvent her from helping her son or getring him to a hoapital.
It's so cringy how she looks absolutely out of her element. Could you not let my brain have thunk this was just a photoshopped picture?
Like MLB?
They do, I have both autocorrect and that turned off though.
Honestly Hillary would use racism if she could get away with it. Until recently she was against gay marriage. She changes her mind to suit her needs. I'm not american, but I'd rather see Trump than Clinton in the White House.
Nah, it's fine. If that's your opinion, thats your opinion. I think I'm a bit bitter about this because she got the endorsement of the LGBTQ representative instead of Bernie Sanders when he has been more vocal about it since the beginning.
Huh, TIL. That just proves my point then. Hillary uses all means to win. We don't know her true agenda. With Trump I figure he will mellow out after the election. He is probably somewhat of a bigot, but nowhere near the levels he portrays.
Maybe? If I did I can't remember it. I pretty much haven't changed since I was a child when it comes to my views. They have gotten a little less extreme and less naive, but overall I haven't changed my views to suit my needs I'd say. I could be wrong, but I can honestly say that personally I never felt that I did.
It's not even that really. It's the fact that she got more votes with that than someone who was, at least in his views and activism, constant. Bernie has been fighting for equality for decades and has always been right near the action.
As I mentioned in another post, I think Trump will mellow out quite a bit once he is president. Neither camdidate are all that much better than the other.
Scrill a bit further down. A different user showed an exMple.
Can we please keep it civil? Thank you.
Honestly, just link her to Christina Hoff Sommers video '5 Myths of Feminism'. I think she has two of them, but in one of them she adresses this myth about 1 in 4 or 1 in 5. Ms. Sommers is actually an old-school feminist fighting 3rd wave feminism by trying to inform them. She was the one Trigglypuff went apeshit on.
Yeah, she uses the dictionary definition instead of todays facts. 3rd wave feminism is cancer. We all know it, they can hide behind that definition all day long, doesn't make it true or them any less of a bigoted hate group.
That is quite xenophobic. Also I will not let you tell me what to do. Just because I am a foreigner, does not mean I am uninformed nor does it mean I can not care about the United States. Anyways, I hope you have a nice day :)
Classics, always bring a chuckle.
Pretty sure there are twinks fucking bears in some videos. Rule 34 applies to this principle.
We already have our rules, thank you but no thank you Neil Degrassi.
As someone who is a fat fuck, even I find these bs excuses.
That's exactly the problem with SJWs. They use feelings indtead of logic.
Congrats mate! You are absolutely right about that. Many of us just hide behind excuses instead of putting in the work. It's a slow process for some, but consistency works.
Christians for white children, I expected nothing less.
Silly you, thats sex not gender. You know two COMPLETELY different things. Genderphobe /s That being said some people might go to this in perosn to demand the X.
Yeah idk where she got pagan naturalists from.
&gt;I think straight guys are fine and all. I just don’t know any personally. Otherwise I would go and ask my question directly. Admittance of strawman right there.
One is on clearance sale, the other is full price.
Except Ted Cruz, because he is a time traveler.
I don't really think she is. She has a stage persona which sells. Now, I don't know her personally but from what I've read in her AMA and from what she has done, she seems like a nice person. She went to a marine ball with a guy who asked her over twitter if she's go with him. While she did do commit domestic violence in the past, overall she seems like a nice person.
It was an overrreaction on her part when she got cornered by her boyfriend after discovering he had taken secret naked pictures of her and wouldn't delete them. He didn't let her out of the room and even followed her into her car. While that doesn't constitute that much violence, it's not like she did it "just because" or out of any notion of any self righteousness.
Then you don't know me very well.
As I said, she overreacted in that situation. I am not trying to excuse her behaviour, merely saying that there was a bigger reason involved in it as opposed to some DV that is purely out of petty reasons like jealousy.
I agree. If she played to her strenght in Judo, she could be a champ again. I honestly don't know why her coach isn't like: "Bish go to the fucking ground"
That just looks sad. Even I as a beginner have better form if I can say so myself.
Too late. Watched it and enjoyed every minute of it and I'd do it again.
I get where you're coming from, but you go from 0 to 100 in one sentence. You also contineously use "Of Course" at the beginning of a sentence, so stylistic also not the best. You might want to cite some examples for your statements as well, to prove your point. Another thing, don't write sensationalist, I get you're passionate, but when I was in school, this wouldn't have flown, regardless of the content. Stick to normal writing, so that won't be a point of contention. Try thinking things through if sentences really need an "!" at the end or if it works all the same with a "."
To be fair, all emojiis trigger me because they are cringy af.
Eh, not really. Romans considered the germanic tribes all as one and called it as such. So technically Germany is older if you take that into account.
Again, it's very sensationalistic. I get what you mean, but it's not objectively written. My school put emphasis on writing correctly and in a good style. I wouldn't recommend handing this in. Rewrite it more objectively with facts and no insults, otherwise you will only feed into her own bias.
The one made by Bismarck in 1871 is called the second Reich. Holy Roman Empire came before that, which was also Germany and the first Reich.
It kind of was and wasn't. They were an empire with highly autonomous states in it, but still haf to answer to the emperor. It doesn't matter whether or not it was purely "germans" back then. There is even regions such as Südtirol who despite belonging to Italy, still speak german and would rather belong to Germany again than Italy.
Someones getting killed tonight.
I wouldn't say the most racist one, but definitely up there.
I like masked guys "I guess this is really happening" one better. He speaks what all of us are thinking.
Or why white nationalism is on the rise.
Which thank the gods for that, though one has a bail of only 1.5k.
Eating less is part of it, but a balanced diet and working out is just as, if not more important.
Which is why I mentioned balanced diet. If you eat very little, which is still very high in cal count and is stuff like fast food, you won't lose any weight. Losing weight healthily also involves working out. It's both very important.
And Switzerlands guns are from their time at the army and also mostly locked away.
It's not really legal guns people need to worry about, it's the illegal ones.
This is actually oretty funny lol
I imagine her being equally annoyed as real Lana.
##makelanagreatagain
I mean, it's satire. The one guy even says "Guess this is happening".
Not to mention that there are a fuckton of female gods in the norse mythology if they want to absolutely have a god-like female character.
Yup.
Iirc it is impossible to overdose on weed, since the time needed to smoke that much is so big that by the time you did, your body already started detoxing the earlier weed.
I think I heard something about this once, it was called "Death of the Authors" iirc. Basically all manners of people think they know what the author really wanted to say, even if the author denies this.
Yeah, thats not how it works.
It's horrifying, why do I still want it?
Well, I'm not sleeping tonight.
Shoeonhead actually tried this out a while ago for christmas.
A lot of things that used to be jokes are now reality.
I won't say they cause people to turn violent, I just say they desensetize people to violence if they are shown it constantly from a young age. I can kinda see it in myself. Sometimes not even bestgore makes me flinch.
Come on, have you never seen all these white supremacists dating black people because they fetishize their bodies as better?
Which Holocaust? The jewish holocaust was bad, but by far not the most killed during a dictatorship.
TRIGGERED REEEEEEEEE
They don't get the "active" part about "activist"
Something something rape culture, am I right?
Vietnam wasn't pretty for anyone, both sides did despicable things that we might never hear of.
I don't think children should be able to decide that. Children simply don't have the capacity for that. While some know and stay true to it, others just had a phase. It's simply child abuse to make your kid take hormone blockers/hormones, especially hormones which can lead to boys becoming infertile.
And also the shit he is doing now before leaving office.
Sharks are way worse than alligators. They just gulp you right up.
Yeah, saw a japanese movie once called "Go" about a korean living in Japan, once his girlfriend found out, she was really disgusted. He had a japanese.surname, so people didn't immediately know.
Yeah, you can see he even shielded her head a bit.
You are not alone.
Until you realize Gryffindor is massively favoured and lose all bets on who is going to win the house cup.
PTCruiser also belongs to Renault iirc, but both are pieces of shit.
I mean, it's pretty obvious he is full of shit and just made that up. I'd wager he is a lonely knife fetishist, who sits on reddit all day and hits refresh to reply immediately when someone disagrees.
Egalitarianism?
I used to get cut off all the time, then I worked in healthcare, where you basically have to lead patients and project confience in your answers, since then I learned that it's quite easy to say "Excuse me, I was not done explaining"
Thats why education is important, new jobs will speing up in different areas, but you gotta take school seriously to be educated enough for them.
Exactly, I catch myself rolling my eyes everytime i read about a "racist attack", because I just assume it's another petty thing.
I would love to say that, but I had a feeling my boss wouldn't appreciate that.
I think a lot of people want to shut their eyes to the ugliness of the world on the day they go to church and that includes seeing "less than perfect" human beings. I don't condone that kind of behaviour, but that's how i'd explain it.
Theres an interesting interview with a guy that got fired from buzzfeed on youtube. He explains how Buzzfeed works and why they have to produce that many videos.
Hah, gotta love Maddox.
Thats some scary shit right there.
6 years, but that stopped once Harry got his Gryffindor friends points for nothing
Theres also a woman right next to him in the first photo.
While I believe I know what you mean, until we find a way to not force a woman to gove birth and somehow transfer the fertilized egg safely somewhere else to be born, a father shouldn't be able to force a woman to give birth. He should however be able to opt out of being a father. That being said, I don't support abortion for stupid reasons like this.
Funny thing about it is that 4chan started this whole thing as a troll.
Ah, I don't know anything about him outside of what is portrayed in that one movie.
IDK kinda seems like satire.
Not to mention the GDR revolution that brought the Wall down.
They probably found out that the founder of Planned Parenthood literally wanted to use PP to eradicate "the Negro population"
Eh, I am pro-choice, to an extent(with regulations in place). I won't get into a debate about that, but it is true that PP is mostly in mostly poor districts.
If you faint, they even carry you to a pokemon centre!
Because the other trainers have seen some shit.
/internet
I wish they'd stop using "People of Colour" . We all know they just mean black people.
Honestly that sign in the picture is pretty swell.
Shows how far he has fallen from being Tom Riddle. Taking the idea of Quirrel calling him into his office, he could have easily influenced Harry into becoming good friends with him.
That tells me her nationality, not her skin colour. There are black people in the phillipines.
The only time I ever see people say "boycott this" is by the SJWs.
What is memeufacturing?
Might also be because his wand is broken and he can't do any high class magic since he was kicked out in his 3rd year.
----€
Neat, but I would need like 20minutes to tell the time.
I think women should be able to get abortions, but not on tax payer dime.
TBF, there are jobs in the department that don't require you to go into the buildings. That being said, equality is about being equal. Especially when it comes to a physically demanding job, that has regulations for a reason.
True or having them on EMT duty.
The problem with that is, in the past you used to be able to just unlock it through hard work. Most costumes/skins are also overpriced. Watch Dogs 2 sells 7€ DLC for an outfit, a weapon or drone skin and a car skin. I wouldn't mind micro transactions if they were actually micro.
People can't be trusted.
Does he use his real name? Because the point of the mask is supposed to be anonimity
Us germans just want to watch the world burn. It's a long term plan ever since we lost WW2
It's comedy that writes itself. I loved the part qhere they chanted about the police state.
Does that person know how words work?
Dont forget he also said he'd never use hormones.
As others have pointed out, there were subtle things, but as JKR stated: Homosexuals are normal people. So she didn''t need to make it in your face gay, that'd just be bad writing. In the books it didn't matter, Dumbledores sexuality being mentioned wasn't important to the plot.
Regardless of your weight, everyone should strive to be educated. Thin people don't automatically get a pass just bc they are thin.
Theres other books for that, where it's actually important. And Dumbledore was gay, he just wasn't a walking stereotype.
That... what is that subreddit? The sidebar is a bunch of nonsense rules, but not what it actually is.
If I knew they delivered with a free cat, I might have gotten a pair, too.
I'd love a "create your own conduit" kind of game. Make the evil ending canon and let yourself get freed by Desmond. Then decide if you go evil and help take over the world or if you help normal people fight the conduits.
Thats what he wants you to think and then he strikes again as the Zodiac killer.
10 weeks maternity leave is what she wrote. That being said, Germany has up to 3 years of shared paternity leave, even before we had Shariah Law.
It's funny because a lot of SJWs don't like Jews because they'd rather support Muslims.
Iirc it started with a sketch of a Zodiac killer being likened to his appearance. It became a meme when he denied it by saying he wasn't old enough yet. People started calling him a time traveler. and then you know how the internet is.
Not entirely wrong, seeing the single mother rate in the black community. Not saying it's all black mens fault, but they do play a part.
Good on you mate, as a fellow European I can emphasize.
Source?
It's not like she is the one who approves or denies applications.
Yup, thats what I was thinking. They had a conduit power quiz on the infamous site, make either "choose your power" or "take qziz" options available, too
No one likes the french, not even the french.
French hating is still very much alive, just like the french hate on germans. We're frenemies.
Yes, thank you very much &lt;3
I use cunt the same as I use dick, tbh. If someone is being inconsiderate they are a dick and a cunt.
Kek, paying people to write on tumblr.
Well, not all criminals. A lot of them believe they are in the right, especially when it's motivated by something.
I don't usually like to use the word "slut", but I think in this case it applies. I feel sorry for the husband.
Seems like satire, seeing as it's on r34.
Honestly, while I think Islam is a dangerous ideology, I judge case by case as with any other person. There are people who say they are muslims, but follow the quram as closely as most modern christians do(namely not at all) and then there are muslims who follow slightly closer, but are curious about western culture. Theres also those that blatantly admit to homophobia and wanting to kill them without thinking they're extremists.
Theres more than one way of transmission. Them simply touching you or them sneezing can cause an infection.
I mean, he's not completely wrong. Warlords love to use children as soldiers and child terrorists aren't all that uncommon either.
&gt;They're just so... coarse and rough and irritating and get everywhere. ftfy
Aye
Not me, I don't care about climate change, whether it's real or not. Fuck the earth.
Nay Aye
I mean everyone acts like you can't implement regulations outside of the Paris thing. Just because Trump pulled the USA, doesn't mean he will suddenly deregulate everything. This is also a good show that societal pressure works just as well for regulations as laws do.
It's hard paying off a degree in gender studies at McDonalds.
How is this TiA?
Funny thing is, this whole free bleeding thing was originally a troll by 4chan.
Aye
Aye
Aye
At this point I think Theresa May reads 1984 as fetish porn.
Generally I agree, unless the grandma is like bedridden and can't hold a pen anymore. Astrid Lindgren dictatee her books at the end of her life, but I doubt this is the case in this case even if it were true.
Nay
Thank fuck for that, if one thing ruins my immersion in movies, it's clean and unused looking armour/combat clothes. Looking at you The Last Kingdom.
Final Fantasy Crisis Core. Friend recommended it to me way back. It made me extremely emotionally invested in it and even to this day I have to cry just thinking about the end. No game has ever quite touched me like that then, some came close but I can honestly say the story of Zack Fair, S.O.L.D.I.E.R. 1st Class, is by far my favourite one.
Aye Aye
Aye
Aye
Aye
Aye
Present
Present
Nay
When I tell my father I got being a smartass from him, he says that can't be, since hes still one.
Aye
Present
And costs far too much money. You don't need to be in an agreement to be commited to reducing emissions.
Because it won't affect me.
Don't have a problem being that.
Except I am not a Republican. Also *you're
Sure but by the time Global Warming drastically affects Earth, I'll be dead. Since I'm a fat fuck I'll probably die of a heart attsck by the time I'm 40, so I got around 16 years left and I'd rather spend that time about caring about myself rather than something that has no immediate impact on me. I'm also not a climate scientist, so it's also not my job to care. I gain nothing by caring.
Nope, why should I? We're just another animal on this planet.
Seems a bit outdated, [This says something a bit different](http://brandirectory.com/league_tables/table/global-500-2017)
Yup, why not? Universe is big enough to eventually evolve a species that has a complex consciousness without them fucking up their planet.
We already did and if we are, well then good. Not my job to know or care about. As I said, I would rather care about things that bring me immediate profit.
Not to mention that I am pretty sure tourettes and aspergers would manifest from birth and not later on.
Personally I think it needs regulation, you need to be X years on estrogen to qualify for the womens league. While that still gives them an advantage, women would at least get a fighting chance.
I'm not an expert, but from what I read it weakens over time, how much I am not sure.
Seconded
Seconded
Probably not, seeing as transpeople make up a very small amount of the population, it might not be conclusive even if they did a study on it.
Hypocrisy in one photo, guy is muscly big but girls are fat big.
I like her books, but she is absoltely retarded when it comes to politics.
I agree, I already have trouble with just hugging my grandma. I don't like it when people touch me.
Hippos don't have paws.
Lmao chill out dude. It's not my idea, I said that if I had to place regulations, I'd make it longer than 2 years. Anyhow, have a nice day.
Aye
I'm not a liberal though.
Hey, that is your opinion and I respect it. At least I don't need to insult people to feel superior :)
Hey, if that makes you feel better, keep telling yourself that. I have long since stopped taking anyone on the internet seriously when they try to rile me up. =)
Well, I seen some people that say white people never had any culture. It's stupid to generalize like that any way it goes.
I mean this is obviously on a less developed planet, our glorious empire is still in the middle of upgrading it, so it might very well be a bit stressed on transportation.
I doubt that. The Unforgivables are just considered the worst of them. Pretty sure any dark magic can lanf you in jail, otherwise the Malfoys wouldn't have tried to hide their trinkets.
Aye
Aye
Hopefully uncensored in Germany this time.
Iirc Mythbuster tested it out, he would have fit but they would have sunk.
Not to mention that the people literally standing next to the boss need a higher hit chance than the people going pew pew and shooting arrows.
Makes no sense to me, you still have to aim while the boss is moving around and possible you moving around when the boss comes after you, meanwhile melee can just hit anything in front of them.
Have you tried checking if the game is being run by the correct graphics card? I know mine likes to default to the internal one instead of the better one that came with it.
Jumper Cable guy
So you want to fight barbarians by being barbaric, got it.
Have yet to read about any pf these scientists.
My 7th grade biology teacher who was always staring at girls breast liked to wear pink button ups.
So obviously you go down to their level.
Not really, in recent years there was a succesful peaceful revolution. Citiziens of the GDR protested the government and won. But hey, I used to think like you. Then I got a little bit older and outgrew that whole edgy teenager phase.
Heh, nice one.
Sure, mate. Spoken like someone from behind a computer screen.
I do think I am older than 15 by now :). If I don't stand by my principles I might as well convert to Islam ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Yes, yes I am sure you have helped throw a stick or two on it, too.
Thanks, I appreciate someone who can admit to that. People on reddit tend to be hardheads. And it's not like I'd never consider taking up arms. But vigilante justice in single case scenarios(as in just one perpetrator) isn't a situation where that'd happen. Take the incident in Cologne for example, if I'd been there and witnessed it with my own eyes, you can be sure I'd have become violent. These low sentences all just might be diversion tactics as well, make the public concentrate on that instead of the shitty lawd you're passing.
Why thank you, I think I am adorable too. And hey keep focusing on petty sentences while the government passes shitty laws.
Heh, indeed. Killing or maiming one rapefugee is like plucking off one leaf of off a weed. The underlying problem is still there.
Aye
Aye
Present
She should have locked it.
No ides what you mean.
Yes
Aye
Nay
Nay
I'd buy it all.
"I bought all this stuff but the machine didnt give me anything and it all got stuck"
&gt;self labelled No, they don't label themselves that. You do.
"It was on sale and I didnt know what to do at first"
Best example is Deus Ex:Mankind Divided, the micro transactions werent added it until 2 weeks prior to release and only because SE urged it.
Your point? Different teams with different clout and/or project managers.
Might be an experiment, might become a trend. The game is balanced around not having microtransactions, which is why they are so OP.
They did, if you look closely, the guy screw it as soon as its mounted
Can you imagine accidentally slipping off it while rescrewing? He'd be embarassed forever.
&gt;wasn't much involved this time He had some involvement, but not much.
Looks kinda photoshopped.
From what I know some pepper sprays have this function.
Since it's a boxing match, Conor will probably lose.
Probably more like 2v1 to even the odds in the boxing match.
Broke and dislocated my ankle. Also tore my ligaments all on one foot at the same time. Foot was literally next to my leg bone on the x rays. Having my foot set back in place was the worst pain I ever felt. Used my finger to muffle my scream, left a nice little dent for a few days there as well.
Take my upvote for the Rick and Morty reference.
Me neither, I don't get why I was downvoted.
Maybe, if so thank you for your service o7
Aw, thats almost as sweet as that time we saw Rick playing with little Morty.
If they can play skyrim, I'd imagine they are high tech pregnancy tests.
Nay
Yes
Present
IMO a business should be able to do what it wants, as long as it doesnt get any governmental support e.g. subsidies etc. The moment they do, they need to abide by government regulations.
Yeah, his documentary is also called Barry iirc.
So their feet are natural High-Heels?
Synecdoche, New York
Not really, there are women in history who took risk. Jean D'Arc for example. Marie Curie. Women were allowed jobs, but mostly orphan women chose to pursue them, because they couldn't land a husband who went through the long grind of becoming a master at his art. There are records of female blacksmith apprentices. But between choosing 10-15 years of what was essentially slave labour from an early age on and becoming a housewife of someone who already did all that, most chose the latter. Some probably didnt chose, but a lot did.
Opression was a hurdle, sure, but there are women who took risks and overcame it. Jean D'Arc for example or Marie Curie. Womem were allowed trades in the middle ages, but it was a long and hard way to get to where they could have their own business. It was mostly orphaned women who took up trades because they didn't have a choice a lot of times. There are even historical records of female blacksmith apprentices. But as I explained to another user, those who had a family chose in many cases the comfort of marrying a man who had already went through all the trouble of learning a trade. They could have always ran away if they really didn't want to marry someone, which would be taking a risk. You'd lose your home, your family, anything you couldn't take with you, all your friends might hate you, but it wasn't impossible to overcome. Was it hard? Absolutely, but it's not like they put you in chains and drag you to the altar.
Aye
Aye
Present
Nay
So he is basically another Houdini.
I'm a woman and create male characters for the same reasons. I don't want to look at another version of myself, I want some juice.
Depends, are you also a Miqo'te?
I had a bonding moment with my brother over it. At the time we were basically two strangers in one house, mostly because he was a junky and scared me. When our mother was hospitalized because of a mental illness and I couldn't sleep, he came into my room, opened the window and said "The rain always keeps me calm and helps me sleep." I saw a glimpse of the big brother from my childhood before the drugs, who always protected me from bullies. After that, he still sometimes scared me, but I knew deep down he still cared. Since then rain always reminds me of that and calms me.
Humans might still prefer actual humans. Iirc spain ran a train line fully automated without a human driver for 3 years without incident, but people didn't like there not being a human in the cabin, so they went back to having them.
Hey, its created
Does it take into account he social circles surrounding the kids?
Whats next? [Premium Ammo?](http://wiki.wargaming.net/en/Ammo)
I once talked to a dude who was of the opinion that N Korea has fair and non-rigged elections.
Of course, but its because its something no one ever expected to be actually a thing.
Aye Aye
Aye
Rockstar is pro-modding, Take Two is not.
Iirc the royal family is rather progressive, but the majority of the other families with power aren't. Can't remember where I heard this, though.
No idea, I play Civ unmodded and only own one XCOM game I got in a humble bundle. I only know that they used to showcase mods on their website for GTA IV and I think also V but not sure on that.
You mean *Hard. There is no normal.
Mine was "Why isn't the DRG tanking the floor?"
That may be, but its still called Hardmode.
They have repeatedly showcased mods on their website.
Strangely enough I think it is.
Please, no.
Maybe you just live near a magical prison with magic absorption wards, also explaind why your letter never arrived. They thought ypu were a squib.
The new movie looks kinda to be a generic horror movie.Trailer didn't really impress me, nor did the antics of some of thr actors
You and me both. Now imagine having to also genderbend yourself doing it.
It also gives a convient excuse of gathering minions to do magic for you
Aye
Aye
When the promoshot of Pennywise came out, a Youtuber didn't like the design of it and Nicolas Hamilton let off a whole tirade in the comments. Few months later when the trailer came out, he again tweeted at the Youtuber basically saying "HAHA SEE YOU WERE WRONG IT DOESNT SUCK", without any provocation from thr Youtuber himself.
I feel ya, not a tank but went into Sastasha(Hard) earlier, wiped two times on the first boss because the healer was only healing themselves, despite being almost capped and the tank being at like 5-10% of health.
Now make a copy, switch the texts and watch the campus burn down.
*you're
Good game, terrible voice acting.
Personally I liked the idea of it. It has potential. I'd buy a remake, but I wont buy the remaster.
I agree, an open world for example. A mechanism where you actively have to take the new case and inbetween you can take smaller jobs like going on patrol or just sitting around eating doughnuts and waiting for new crimes to happen. Maybe also a few minor cases that aren't murder if you aren't in homicide. Those could be randomly generated for replayability.
Yet I don't have as much issue with their body language as with their voice acting.
Nay
The fuck is a rusofil?
Not really called, but I'd like to think Loki is amused by my antics and had a hand in them.
Rockstar put the pressute on T2 to rescind the cease and desist. They are pro modding.
Its still waiting for its USK rating so its probably not the final box.
Basically yes.
Might have been scared his dog would be put down, we also don't know hoe OP exactly asked. For all we know she could have been rude about it.
Awesome work OP, where'd you get it if I may ask?
Strike Section V (a)
Aye Aye
Aye
Nay
I kinda thought he was an acrobat.
Nay
Nay
If I know my lore, OP and OPs doppelgänger will.die.
I watched enough Ru Paul Drag Race to know that a lot of them are ex junkies.
I mean drag queens aren't supposed to look like real women. They purposely put on crazy make up and stuff.
Generally you can say "Where does Jesus make exceptions when he says "Love thy neighbour"?
While I don't condone the harassment or even the reason behind it, the red lips and non black eye surroundings do make it look more like blackface than just the inside of a mouth. That being said I don't have a problem with it either way.
Indeed, if I look at Ru Paul and the at the Transgender Terrorist... no comparison
Looks too edgy imo. I'll give it a watch once it comes out but my expectatuons have been lowered.
Bro, Trump is many things but he ain't dumb.He knows how to play to his audience. Besides, he is still human and I seen other celebrities behave worse on twitter.
See you say that, but I don't think you know what that actually means.
I wouldn't consider being a creep as "adult-like"
He didn't grab anyone by the pussy, he said women would let him do that because he is so famous. Also, at that point he wasn't President yet.
Never said it was ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
Most of them dont even believe in others property.
