I'll just add a tid bit on, since most of the info has been covered: don't be afraid to copy and paste your answers into multiple questions. You will be asked similar questions in different areas. Don't try and be artistic with your words, just copy and paste that pedagogical theory and keep going.
This can be a ton Of fun! Take something you read this year and have students create a story board for a trailer for the film version. Make sure they go through an approval process with you, so there is a blue print, the text in each panel, and then they make the large version.
You can have them do the book they have just read, abridged. My kids loved Shakespeare abridged and said they would have liked to try to create Romeo and Juliet scenes that were only a few minutes long. Have them make scenery, sets, and bring "costumes". They can write a script. They have to boil it down to the essentials!
You shouldn't have a kitchen job on your teaching resume, unless you teach culinary. I never listed my Starbucks work, even in the beginning. It just didn't apply to teaching.
I told my kids to use their cornell notes we have been taking throughout all of this unit. I reminded them EVERY class! It was the only homework. Read and do cornell notes. The scores on the written portion are dismal. The only notes I see most kids have are those from the first day that we did together! If they do have notes, they wrote down story summaries and didn't look for the terms I told them to focus on. Sad sad sad. Typical for this time of year, but it SHOULDN'T be! The apathy kills me. Also, not listening to directions. I've told kids to plan outside of class for a poster they are assembling in class. NO ONE is bringing in pieces to assemble!
Improv comedy, Theater major, and my Masters thesis on digital citizenship in online gaming. I'm also 100% confident in what I say.
Interview vs. actual work wear
If I had stayed at the school I'd been at during the start of the year, I could see myself having left the profession. The place I started at mid semester reminded me that there are amazing staff, students, and admin out there.
Honestly, teaching has made me a coffee addict. I would love a gift card to a coffee place. Also, my students know I love games. I would dig on a gamestop gift card so hard. My favorite gift had to be a Christmas Bauble with all of the books we'd read that semester on it. I LOVE Christmas and it was so dang thoughtful.
Congrats! I'm i. The interview rounds again. Waiting to hear back from 4 schools! Been a while since the first 2 schools, but I called HR departments and they both said decisions were still being made. The other two were within the last few days. FINGERS CROSSED! I can only hope I find an amazing environment like the school I am finishing at this week.
That definitely helped!
Oooh home star! My old friend!
I see a lot of typical call outs on here, but not to the lovely platformers that made me want my PlayStation. Sly Cooper, Jak and Daxter, and Ratchet and Clank all have trilogies that are so worth it! Platforming fun with witty cartoons! Also the PS3 exclusive, Puppeteer! For RPGs, you must try Nier! I haven't finished, but it is absorbing! Ni No Kuni is another must have in this category.
Review, intro, practice, apply... I try to use this model when structuring a class. The best way to stay on point is setting a timer, at least for myself. Time management is a strong point for me, and my timer is the reason. I really want to get a large one for my class, one that I can stick to the wall.
What is a room mom?
Student (graduating senior): Why didn't you send me one of these cards? Do you not love me? Me: Of course I think you're wonderful, and I wish I could have more time to tell you if you'd just shown up to class. Class: OooooOoooOooo
Got a hug from this student on the last day. Real sweet heart.
At this point I don't think you're the teacher. You're a concerned friend of the mother's who is trying to help her son. When it gets to giving your number out and saying "I love you", I think you're actually not the teacher any longer I don't think it is wrong, by the way, but I think you need to realize that this is a friendship with the woman. I think she needs you as much as this kid does.
Amen. It is super weird when you're so close. I had a student say they saw me, but didn't say anything. That is always the craziest! I just hope I don't say anything weird that they overhear.
12 minutes? Is it all suburbs and stop signs?
Kids love the fantasize about our lives! My SO is a teacher as well, and his students used to think he HAD to be dating the secretary because they were the only two young people on the campus.
That's exactly how I felt this semester. It is so nice to be able to leave things on a Friday, because you know you can come in on a Saturday to right them.
How can they not have this in high school? Listen, I know I couldn't ever teach elementary, I just am not a fan of the formative teaching, the management at that level, and the tiny children minds, BUT there is no reason high school teachers should be left in the dust!
Same. She is too.
I love my talk radio!
All walking? That's too awesome!
Perfect time to listen to an audio book!
I do get worried when I'm buying beer about seeing students, but at least I teach HS, so they understand that teachers are of age.
Oof! My SO had someone at his school with this commute. It sounds crazy!
This would be pretty nice. Unfortunately my long commute had no train, since I live in the country.
Ugh! That's too bad.
I've had the pleasure of working at 4 schools in only 2 1/2 years of teaching. I have had admin that will sit with you, talk out issues, and offer you support. I've also had admin that pulled all my classes with no warning, and admin that didn't hire me, even though I was told I was fantastic. From my experience, the best admin I had was a principal at a charter who was also a teacher. He dealt with issues first hand and talked to parents BEFORE staff did, because he thought we needed to concentrate on our work and not the hot headedness of parents. It was pretty fabulous. Still... That admin did keep someone over me who was stubborn, self righteous, and had horrible people skills. Win some lose some.
I've heard within two days to two weeks! Time frame is wonky for schools. They are still figuring out numbers.
Echoing others with a sign and then tell attitude! As for your sub, I've done a long term stint for a pregnant woman before and she left me about 3 weeks of material, her syllabus, an outline of her procedures (English teacher, so how she wanted students to take notes, and so on), and then let me know what would come next. I think it is KEY that you have your sub establish YOUR procedures! That sub should be making your transition easier. I wholeheartedly recommend popping in after a few weeks to observe. Make sure the class is going how you like. Obviously teaching styles will vary, but you need to make sure your sub doesn't have wildly different expectations than you.
I've interviewed at about 7 places and 6 have gotten back to me, letting me know they are going with someone else. I'm a teacher with an English credential. I have 2 1/2 years experience, a Masters in Ed. (With a legit thesis that I did field research for), A theater degree (would ultimately love to teach it), and am confident and secure in my interviews. I'm told I'm great at interviewing! Apparently there are just a lot of individuals with more years, more precise experience, etc. etc. Unfortunately in this field they are not always just looking for an English teacher, they may need a coach too, or some other extra curricular, and it may not have that. It is more than the credential. I get that. I'm disheartened. It's only the beginning of the interview season, but I'm so exhausted. Being rejected again and again just kills your spirit. Also, I'm not interviewing for anything that is specifically ELD related. A bilingual school found my resume in their district's pile, and they wanted me to interview. I didn't apply for there, and I'm not taking the interview. I know I am not what those kids need. I taught ELD for the last year and I had zero passion for it. My classroom management suffered and I felt like a terrible teacher. I couldn't talk to all my students and I couldn't talk to most of the parents. I don't speak Spanish. It was a huge hindrance, and I'm not going to put myself through that again because I feel like it will make me lose the spirit to teach. I just hope this doesn't hurt my job prospects. I'm sad. I'm worried. My SO, who has less experience than me, got a job after two interviews. I feel like a bump on a log and dead weight.
Ummm... He's a certified therapist now in San Francisco. So I'd have to live in the city. I would probably be miserable.
I think if you are this stressed, you should only look to assist. That, or you can look for part time, though I don't know how you are off financially. I had a .8 for the second semester and honest to goodness I walk grateful for the lighter load. I also switched schools, which I think was a major necessity.
If I hit the alarm, I only do so once. Most times I just get up when the alarm rings. I honestly think that I was trained from a young age. My parents were morning people, so we all became morning children.
I've spoken to my brother, a teacher as well, and he has been on the hiring committee this year. Honestly there are so many factors you can't account for. At his school they were hiring for math, but they were also looking for someone who could coach. That wasn't stated in the interview, it was just a part of the feeding through of all the apps.
Adding to the narrative piece, I was contemplating what I could do that would be interactive, and I thought of this: Go over a brief plot chart to teach the arc of a story. Exposition, conflict, complication, climax, and resolution. Then you stand in a circle and do One Sentence or One Word story. It's a favorite improv game of mine. Each person can say one sentence or one word (one word is harder) to add to the story. You could give starters for each part, to show students structure. It's like a live action mad lib of sorts. No mess, no fuss, and it gets kids up and moving!
That is pretty great too. Having someone transcribe the story would be cool.
That's how my SO got hired. He is a teacher at a middle school next year. Doesn't know grades, or if they may want him to do an elective!
That would be an interesting interview process to see, the police side.
I find that it is important here what you bring from all aspects of your life. I find a lot of jobs I had before this never cared what I did with my spare time. In my teaching interviews, this tells them what clubs I could run and how I might assist in extracurriculars. The music I like might be what I play in my classroom and set the tone of my class.
Oh wow, I don't know how I'd handle someone telling me I'm a babysitter! I think something that has been hard to discuss with friends is why you might find a Math teacher in your English teacher interview. Cross curricular stuff is always mind blowing to them, but also who has clout at a school and weighs in on the decisions.
That's really interesting. I never knew so much went into police officer hiring.
What state are you in? I'm in CA, Bay Area.
Oh cool! I'm north bay. Napa, Sonoma, Marin, etc. well I'm glad the interview process for you doesn't feel different from others. Maybe schools I'm interviewing at are just more touchy feely or something!
So much respect for you! I taught ELD this year and WOW! I definitely think that needs to be reclassified as a World Language position. I worked with some of the Spanish teachers to so my best.
I've never had anyone ask me about testing in an interview. I'm secondary, so testing has been wonky lately, but it has never been recommended to me to put anything like that out there, nor has it shown up in any questioning. I mean, if this IS something your district asks questions about, I think you have a solid answer. You helped raise scores. Simple as that.
Totally with you on this. What I try to do is just take mental note of kids in sports, the play, or other functions. If you have these things marked somewhere, you can start class off asking about these events, or you can just ask the student how things went. This goes a long way, if you're someone with a long commute or a family of your own to go home to.
Congrats! I definitely think walking in too confident many have bit me in the rear... But here's to hoping an interview. I have next week will go well!
I've done that two times, and both times they said "When we have it up on Edjoin..." Or "Thank you for your interest, but you need to apply through Edjoin..." I feel like more of a nuisance when I tried to reach out that way.
Percy Jackson is fabulous. Get it. Love it. Mythology it up!
The only time I was upset at a student for doing this was when he went ahead four pages, didn't read any directions, and did ALL THE WORK WRONG!
This even happened right before finals. I was baffled.
I always chime in with "There are things in life you might lie about, but this is a terrible moment to try. You will get nothing out of this."
You are usually guaranteed an ELD question in California, so I usually have to talk about my modifying. I should totally bring one of my essay structures for them to view! Thanks OP!
In a situation like that, I would honestly look for another school to teach at. I had a similar reaction to a solid classroom management plan, and without admin support I got the heck out of there.
I'd say if you don't like it now, don't watch it. I enjoyed it straight away. It's like a Saturday morning cartoon and it gives me the feels when. I least expect it!
Love your code. I was accused of disliking a student by his father. I called the kid in that day and told him what his father had told me. The kid laughed and said that my class was just more work than he'd anticipated. Good job dad, throwing your kid and me under the bus.
It is never okay. Incidentally, I round up with my grades if a student is that close, but I don't discriminate on this either. Still, it is my choice as a teacher, not a demand of my students.
You should check in. I am so dang forgetful this time of year, as is admin.
California, North Bay. Housing is moderate, depending on where you're at. Marin county and toward SF is ridiculous, but you can find housing for a decent price if you don't mind going more rural. I teach English and it is damn competitive. Science and Math are yearned for everywhere! If you like it more rural, I strongly suggest looking at Sonoma County. My SO got an English position at a middle school with one year of experience, I'm still looking with 2 and a Masters, but fingers crossed! Pay varies... Some districts start at 35k, others start at 65k in Marin! Pretty crazy and varied. Also, I lived in San Luis Obispo county and my brother teaches there. Housing isn't too bad. Pay is pretty low. Still, beautiful place, and if you're willing to be in the rural towns around SLO, you can live just fine.
I do this with "Ask 3 before you Ask Me!" I'm trying to be more diligent with it though. I want to ask students who they have asked for help, and then see if the helper was actually asked... Etc.
You will have to do individual calling and tie participation points in. I have to do it with every class I teach, and after a few months they tend to respond on their own.
If your kids can't even read at grade level, you need to be focusing on that. It almost sounds like you need different groups of students in class. Assess half for the PLC data, and half for simple fluency. I know this is hard, but I felt like this was what I needed to do in my ELD classes. I hope you can convince your admin of the fluency focus.
I've thought about this before, and honestly I think you just have to be aware of what you are writing and be willing to stand behind it. Is it the kind of work that would jeopardize your position? Is it racist? Sexist? Hardcore sexual?
You definitely should grab the security camera for the wall, and maybe get really weird with having a spaceman Sam down there with the axes.
All of them are repetitive. Whether it is running through the same place for the umpteenth time in FL, picking up the same ingredients in RL, or farming your crops in SOS. It's really a matter of what kind of repetitive you're okay with. I've played all and the only one I put down after a week was RL. Honestly I feel like it tries to do EVERYTHING, but is average on all. It wasn't compelling to me. FL is like a cartoon Skyrim. I loved it. I ended up returning it before I finished because of the repetition. I just got tired of beating up animals. It will last you quite a while though! I sunk 82 hours into it. SOS is what I'm currently playing (between my upkeep in Animal Crossing). I have to say I adore this game. While it may be repetitive, I harvest and grow something new. I can change the way my farm looks. I can make furniture, and I hear there is clothing and so much more! I'm just focusing on main ting the farm right now, but I hear interactions with villagers can be beneficial. I only don't do much with them because I need to sell everything, at the moment, to make enough money for blueprints, recipes, and materials. If you enjoy Harvest. Moon, you will love this. All in all, I think Rune Life is at the bottom. I think you're better off getting FL is you want cartoon Skyrim, and SOS if you want Animal Crossing with more farming.
Scummy to trade it in? I didn't, like, return it to the store. I traded it in for credit at GameStop.
This is what AVID does, and it can work. What I suggest is making a cabinet space that is for your students, with folders for each. They can put completed work in here. You may want to make a box for each tab. This way, students can still access their work, but they're not carrying around extraneous work. Think about what students really NEED to take home. Are journals always done in class? Then leave those in the room at the end of the day.
Seconding SOS! It is good! I didn't dig on RF like others seem to.
Professor Layton is pretty great! There are tons of extra puzzles even after you've finished the game.
The department I was in second semester of this year did folders In Class for students. It was only for their major works, but I had my ELD students use this for ANYTHING, because they were so poor at remembering their work. It turned out really well!
Man, I wish someone would ask me a fun question! What flavor of jelly bean would I be?!
Totally normal. I'm on the hunt to and fighting some beginnings of depression. My SO is amazing while this is happening. He was offered a job, I'm still looking. Also, not seeing these kids again is heartbreaking, but I've had to experience this before, so I know it will be amazing wherever I land next year.
I have 2 1/2 years certified experience and a Masters. That has happened to me in all 6 interviews this season. It is what it is. There is still July and August, which both get a rush of open jobs. I ended up looking at a place an hour away into the country. I grew up rural and I would love it. Fingers crossed the "experienced" ones want nothing to do with it.
This is a crazy amount of work for a second year teacher. Use your summer for solid planning. Don't be afraid to use the internet for pre made lessons. Don't be upset if some days are read-book-answer-questions days. They may be boring, but if the content is there, it is just fine. Use your energy to class manage and let your passion shine through.
A lot of competition here in the North Bay Area in California. Gorgeous area, and pay in Marin county is awesome! Pay isn't amazing in Sonoma county, but it's comfortable and relaxed. A lot of Southern CA people want to move up here. Everyone I've interviewed with has said I do a great job. I just have charter AND traditional exp., so I don't have my years in ONE type of school. I also have taught a variety of classes, never teaching the same thing twice.
I don't know what jives with the schools I interview at, but all of them seem to enjoy me. I must not have some factor they want. No idea! My head from this last semester told me that you just never can know exactly what that factor is. You have to hope you have it.
I always wish they'd tell me what they were really looking for. It's not just a teacher for a specific subject. They may want a teacher who can take up a certain club, or coach, or run an extra curricular. They don't often say any of that in the interview because they're somehow tied to a certain set of questions. At least they are in standard public schools. I love interviewing at charters because they DO ask these questions!
There is definitely a huge factor in who you know. Sadly this has only worked for me once. Other times it did nothing. One time, I think it was because the person I knew was a bit of a radical in education. FANTASTIC person, but I think the committee was scared about me being a radical too (I can be, no lie). Second time I feel like the Super was in on the decision or something. Someone who didn't know me. Despite my multiple connections at the school, ranging through different departments, library, special Ed, bilingual... None of it seemed to matter. It seemed like they were being TOO objective, which sounds a little conceited, but it was BEYOND frustrating (especially after everyone I spoke with at the school was shocked). Third time, I didn't even get a call up to interview, despite glowing reviews from a couple years prior when I was a long term sub. Sad, but a couple years created too much distance. Had this at multiple schools. It's strange, because when I write it down I seriously doubt myself and think something may be wrong with me, but I get appreciative responses during and after my interviews, complimenting my composure and intelligence. It's just that damn extra experience KILLING ME!
Yeah, it just continues throughout the summer. I'm in your boat. Do you use Edjoin? They have dates posted for closing, so that gives you a good date to START being anxious. Although, one place I interviewed with hasn't gotten back to me after I even contacted HR, which makes me think they are still figuring out their positions. Something to understand is schools are also in the middle of numbers right now. Students are still being assigned, transferred, etc. That is one reason random jobs crop up throughout the summer. Suddenly they switch class sizes, realize they can hire someone new, and so on.
Rick Dee would be in my tape recordings, because I always recorded during the top 40.
Disposable cameras. They were pretty fun to take to school, but someone was bound to take it out of your backpack and take a weird picture, but you would NEVER KNOW until you took it to be developed.
Filled up half my backpack with my Sega Gamegear. Plugged it in during class, and there was no way to be sly about it. Went through stupid amounts of batteries to play it.
4 different schools. It has been a hell of a beginning to my career. Also my Masters usually intrigues them. I did an ethnographic study on digital citizenship in online gaming. But sometimes I wonder if it might hurt me because I am more expensive.
I agree it looks totally cute, but it doesn't look like you even "compete" in challenges. It looks like a Sorry! Style board. I got Mario Party and was sorely disappointed in how long it took to get to a dang mini game. If this is the same, I sadly will not purchase.
Way cooler than. I thought! I'm actually excited for it now!
Can I just say, it was so nice to read this. I'm currently in the position of 6 interviews, no job. Luckily only one hasn't gotten back to me. Rave reviews, but it only have 2 1/2 year experience. It's competitive. It's just really nice to know when others go through this. You gave me a little boost, involuntarily!
The top commenter is spot on. I spent far too long utterly depressed and saddened when this happened to me this year. Same exact position as you. Two jobs, yet they didn't choose me for either. I will say though that I felt it was in the bag, and so I didn't hit as hard as I usually do on my questions. I've been burned a bit in this career with only a couple years on me. Don't trust anyone if they say you have "got it" for the job. People say things, but they forget they have more interviews, or they're just trying to be exceedingly polite. You have to move past that. You'll find the school that fits.
I have to say that the kind of interview you went through needs to be the kind more schools do. I honestly believe the starched shirt, royal table where you sit at the head and are looked upon by the panel, and the questions they NEVER divert from, are the interview tactics that cause administrators to hire people who they will lose. There is no intimacy in that process. People don't really get to know you! I'm happy you managed to land something with REAL people!
This looks like a great game! I'm really freaking excited for it now!
I'm definitely excited for HHD! I saw some more game play on this sub and I'm so stoked to get new furniture, fill a request that is more than "I want some fruit", and to get amiibo cards that I can use to have animals move in! I'm guessing there will be furniture you can "unlock" as well. This is just super exciting! The amiibo party game I am on the fence about. I got Mario Party and, after a month with it, was disappointed. Honestly, I think the mini game on Nintendo Land was FANTASTIC, and I would love to see an AC party game with more games like that, or like the island games. I hope it is more than random chance rolling.
I landed a summer gig at GameStop and was pretty excited, as were they! I'm a girl, and I was the only other one there besides the ASM. The pay was awful. I was never guaranteed hours. I barely made gas/food money. It was insane. The ASM was sad to see me go, but I couldn't work at a place that wouldn't put me on a schedule for a solid week.
You should take it. You're worried now about the commute and charters, but you have yet to talk with these people. You may find that you really click with the school and you can hack the commute. I'm going to be doing and interview as a school over an hour away as well, but damn if I didn't love chatting with the principal on the phone. It's a charter, and I've worked in one before and I miss it. I miss the freedom, the smaller class sizes, and the intimacy of the staff.
I didn't think about using an adapter to the surge protector! Would using a power adapter for a phone work?
So jealous! I wish I could just throw on a shirt and forget a bra in the world. That doesn't work for the Ds.
I'll report back tomorrow to let you know if it works! Thank you so much for the suggestion!
This! It was just too predictable, and not in a satisfying way. The atmosphere was cool at first, and then it just felt drawn out. I left feeling un satisfied.
I can't wait to be at a school for longer than a semester, or a year, and witness this. I still love the transformation. Even within a few months.
Agreed. It's a stock letter. Be happy you got one! So often no one will bother even letting you know what happened.
These are my one sided car conversation days. I have a conversation on my drive with the offender. Learned it in therapy. It is remarkably helpful.
Book of my childhood. I don't know how many times I read it.
The book is so much freakier. There is no boy there to befriend. This girl is all alone.
Eragon was such a bad movie! My brother and I went and saw it and almost walked out! but we'd paid, so we had to see it through. Ugh.
Fatal Frame! SWEET LORD YES,
I taught ELD this year and my Hispanic kids have much smaller boundaries when speaking to you, the distance you stand apart. It was strange, but I became cool with it. Girls or boys, they were just really family oriented and always wanted to share food, shake hands, all that. One day one of the boys who had just turned 18 told me I had beautiful hair and reached out and touched it. I gave him a very firm warning about sexual harassment. My SO, a male teacher, was flabbergasted at the story, thinking I went too far. My fellow ELD teachers, all women, told me that DAMN RIGHT I needed to make that clear.
At least you broke down at home. Two break downs this year, in class. Two different schools. Both ELD classes with massive amounts of failing students who treated me poorly and couldn't care less about learning. Deep breath. If you have a job next year, be happy about that. Some of us have shitty years and have to spend summer in application and interview mode. The shit just never ends. Take time to do something that you LOVE! If it's education, then throw down a sweet lesson plan that has a bomb final product that you will be stoked to do next year. For me, video games are awesome. I've sunk far too many hours in my 3DS XL this summer, but dang if I don't love it.
I took a year away starting my Masters. It helped me realize what I really want to teach students. A year to reflect and regroup is important.
Depends on where you live in the Bay Area. Living in SF can be ridiculously expensive, but living outside and commuting in is more reasonable. You'd definitely need to live with someone though. If you are Science, there are definitely positions open in the North Bay, where I live! It is a great place to be and affordable. Sonoma/Napa/Marin
Mmmmmm rural life! I can't convince my SO to go that rural. I grew up in a town of 1200 people, so I would LOVE to be rural again.
I feel privileged being able to roll down the street to a market, or the movies, or anything! My brain still plans like I'm rural though. I'll think "Damn, going to see a movie, well there goes my day!" And then I get out and I'm like, holy smokes, I'm only a few minutes from home!
I buy most things at Costco, since I'm in that mindset as well. I only have a one bedroom. There are only so many places you can put that much toilet paper. Consequently, I now understand why places I've rented where I am now don't have MASSIVE pantries. I just grew up with a stock of canned food because of the 1 hour store journey.
Imagine teaching that all year. That's how my experience in ELD has primarily been this year. Most of my students are ignored in their others classes, so they think they can not pay attention and will be ignored by me as well. With only 14 (I had the same number, actually only 5 in one class) they can't hide, and they get upset at you for paying attention to them. I was cursed at, I cried, I broke down IN class. I feel you. Take the advice of creating a basic classroom, militaristic almost. We sit here, we open our books, we read aloud, we answer questions, etc. When it got really bad, I wrote ours class rules on a large piece of paper and we started the class off by saying them. Every. Day. When kids would act up, I had desks that faced the back and extra packets. Offenders sat, facing the wall, working on the packet. If they continued to disrupt or be disrespectful, then you can send them out to the office WITH a packet and a referral. That looks much better to admin, and gives you accountability for their work. Don't be soft. Demand respect. When a student does not give it, have clear consequences. Focus on the ones who WANT to pass, not the ones who will repeat again.
It was this way when I started watching months ago. I could NOT handle the ads though. It is so cheap, so why not pay?
I absolutely loved Hunter X Hunter! Yet, I have read your complaints throughout the thread, and I don't think it's the show for you. The aura is explained in more detail much further into the show, but the "randomness" of people is not. It simply is, and you accept it. You appear to want something based further in reality, and Hunter X Hunter is not that.
I only played a little of a game cube one, so this is my first real delving into a HM game. I am LOVING it!
Go explore. California will always need good ESL teachers (I know, I was one this year and I know I won't want to do it in the future), so go abroad. Honestly, I think it makes you an incredibly viable candidate if you are versed in other cultures as an ESL teacher.
I really enjoyed doing my research during my thesis, and I think I would love to do home more of that as well. I'm not even sure how you do that professionally! When you decide to return to the classroom, I recommend looking toward small school, charters, or small towns. There is seriously a fabulous amount of freedom in those areas, and they are much more personable. You won't find that in big cities, or at least not as often. I'm set to interview at a place that is an hour and twenty minutes away, but it's small, only 140 kids, 6-12, and dang if it wasn't the nicest conversation I had on the phone to set up the meeting. It sounds like they are the sort excited to think outside the box, hear new ideas, and incorporate the arts in their classes. If I snag this, I will have a long commute, but I will enjoy teaching so much! Give and take.
You don't have to have an English degree to teach English in California. I have a theater degree and went into the English program. I know people who were communications, psychology... All sorts. You need to take a couple tests, but you can study for those without English courses. I did. Honestly I think NOT being an English major was a blessing. Theater gives me a different perspective. I thought of getting a philosophy minor. Those classes are super interesting! It think they will really enhance your interpretation and analysis of language. Don't listen to the downer of people saying philosophy is useless. I heard that about theater as well. It's a passion of mine and it aids me in so many interpersonal ways. As long as you are PASSIONATE about philosophy, do it. If you're not, continue shopping around during your undergrad. Any BA or BS is sufficient to go into a credential program in CA.
I absolutely love reading to kids and teaching them to have confidence in spoken word!
I pay monthly and use Wii U as my primary anime watching device. LOVE IT!
Yes, follow the others! Last school I was at, I knew the first names of my staff, but not the last! Another school I was at, the principal insisted we say Mr./Ms. In front of the kids because he wanted them to "learn manners".
Glasses at 10, Sinus drip all my life, braces for a few years, AMAZING metabolism that shut off my senior year of college, pigeon toed (and basically bow legged)...
I spoke to an amazing art teacher who was here, in California, this year. She'd been teaching for ages, but suddenly she was having to be watched by a California credentialed teacher... Why? Well apparently they didn't think she'd had sufficient student teaching experience. She tried contacting her university, but most of her professors were dead, and her files were on print in some warehouse, god knows where! So my advice is, make sure you have official documents of all courses taken and what was entailed for each course (course descriptions).
Thank you! I also taught ELD this year, so I've had 9-12 graders mixed together all year. The grouping stuff is definitely key!
The student teaching should be fine, they just need to know that you did it. This is the California website: http://www.ctc.ca.gov/ Hopefully you can find pertinent info there, or you can find someone to contact.
You said rural, so I'm wondering if just clean, nice, dark colored jeans and a camisole with a cardigan would work? I work in small town atmospheres and always wear jeans. I've never been told that I'm unprofessional, because in rural areas, jeans are fine and dandy!
I name mine after Shakespearian characters.
There could be a variety of reasons: 1) it's summer vacation. They aren't checking anything until the deadline to apply is up. 2) you look great on paper, but people with "more experience" are getting in (I'm having this issue after the interviews and have likewise been told my resume is on retainer for anything else that pops up). 3) HR is going through paperwork and the principal isn't in on the initial step. Or it's the assistant principal. 4) did I mention it's summer vacation?
Loved restarting mine! Just finished my cafe. It feels better already, though I think I'm going to redo trees AGAIN.
I feel like a few jobs are being posted every week. I'm in CA. The positions close in July though, so the calls probably won't be coming until after the 4th. There are still jobs out there!
I worked in a school that did PBL school wide, cross grade, all subjects together. Actually, we didn't really have subjects. For one semester the students get the big question, they pick a sub question that answers a PART of that question, and then make even more questions that will help answer their sub question. It was pretty crazy, but a natural way to learn. It was like a giant research project. Kids used the internet, they gathered research, divided up work, created an outline, and then would use their research to create some sort of presentation. I noticed math was the most difficult to incorporate in this model. I think the place needed a teacher who really knew the ins and outs of math in real world settings. Also, the school would have benefited from more thought out workshops on math, or writing skills. Still, it was a fabulous experience and it has really shaped my approach toward inquiry. The biggest issue I saw was a lack of backwards planning, or very scant outlines of what we would accomplish. It was difficult to get a whole group to plan out a semester, because that's what we really needed! What I would suggest is making sure you really map it out. Do a basic outline with the benchmarks you want to hit and then think of the day to day necessary lessons that will guide students toward those benchmarks. The better you plan, the more flexible you can be. For math, if you can think of a real world scenario, or tangible product, that students man make, THAT will be gold for PBL. Kids need a strong end goal for PBL, and you want it to be something that you can always point to as being useful and relevant. Without that, students will become disinterested.
I don't know anything that is set up for this, but I would recommend Cosmos Latinos for short Sci Fi stories. Amazing stuff!
Echoing the massive amount of Nos on here. I'm credentialed in English, and in CA that means you're capable of teaching the ESL/ELD classes. Took that on this year. Will never do that again. It is hard as hell, but I'm not applying to any jobs for it. Not knowing the native language of my students and not being explicitly trained in language building blocks made me feel inept. Get out while you can and love education.
I have two resignations and was only asked ONCE, last year, about my departure. I'm in north bay area, CA. I don't think the employers here care to discuss it, because it is so common in early teaching years in this area.
No one has mentioned **El** **Shadai** yet. Amazing controls, weird game. Super religious. You fight angels.
Have you built more houses all the way up? Not just yours, but the other three you can move in?
Hanabi. Small, simple, and colorful! Zooloretto. Cute, simple, hooray Zoos!
Thank you for going to Sam and Max! I was going crazy reading this thing without a mention of it. I think you're right, we need puzzles back. I want to feel like I'm DOING something! In S&amp;M, I felt like I had to really work out what was next, or how I could proceed. In the latest games, I feel like there is no interactivity. I could just as easily read a graphic novel.
First, someone on here said you are fitting kids into "one size", but disregard that. You are a middle school teacher who is probably introducing her students to note taking for the first time! You are teaching them a style, much like English teachers map out essays in early grades to teach a format. Second, I highly recommend coming up with 3-4 symbols or acronyms for important ideas or notations for the left side. I'm an English teacher, so I ask my students to give me Qs (questions) BWQs(Big World Question, asking something to connect this beyond the classroom), I/T (Ideas/Themes), and an * for Definitions of words. This way they label their notes uniformly, and you can have students look at each others work and be able to comment on it.
This is adorable! My favorite use of Dino minis so far.
It is so frustrating how many interviews I've had where they say they CANT DETER from the Qs, and will repeat if necessary. I'm a teacher in interview season right now. For a job that involves you being empathetic, there is little that goes around during interview season.
Overseas sounds interesting, but I have a significant other.
Also grew up in a small town in the woods. There was a random little cabin I always passed by on the road. When Blair Witch came out, I never walked near that cabin again.
Yep. CA here, and they have to put it on Edjoin. I've done the sending my resume before, but I'm always directed to Edjoin.
Remember, it is almost 4th of July! People are on vacation, so you should be too! As others stated, come after the 4th, you will see another bout of postings. Then silence.... Then another in August. If it's any consolation, I got my foot in the door for 7 interviews, but I was beat out by more experience in all of them. It is freakin ROUGH! I thought having 2 1/2 years would help me, but I think it's only helping me in GETTING the interview, not solidifying the position. Currently, I'm waiting on a couple apps that I sent in that don't close until around the 4th of July, so I'm a sitting duck as well. I've seen a couple .4s and a .6, but I'm with you on waiting a bit. I did my calculations and, unfortunately, I can't live on a .6. I've too many dang bills to pay.
Sounds like she would want RF4, or even Story of Seasons. I loved Fantasy Life, but if she wants to make relationships with people and put stuff in her house that is interactive, do RF4. FL house stuff is just aesthetic.
Yep. The only time I've turned it off is when it ran out of battery. Well, then I guess it did it itself.
Exactly! Verbal is not binding. Be courteous if your find something else.
FS only applies to the first room? Also, this looks awesome. BTW, how did you get Cyrus to change the color? I can only get him to change the pattern on my modern wood furniture... Or is that because it's wood?
Applied for multiple jobs in the district I taught in this last semester and also received nothing. Lots of praise, but beat out by more experience. I understand being disheartened! 7 interviews, all beat out by more experience. I have 2 1/2 years of teaching and a Masters in Ed. Stay strong! We still have a couple months of prime job grabbing time. I'm trying to distract myself with a couple of applications that I won't hear back about until after the 4th. Fireworks and family will take my mind off things!
Exemplary portfolio for BTSA that is used as an example document for other teachers in California who have to endure the mind numbing paperwork!
I teach an "English" support class. I use quotes, because it is really directed studies for kids that probably don't qualify for that sort of SPED course. My students are typically failing multiple classes and it ends up turning into a directed study hall, and I just happen to be an English teacher who can help them with their writing.
I absolutely love linking in Tales of Xillia. This is my first Tales venture, and I'm digging it. While it is easy to be overpowered, since I love collecting things and I've upgraded my shops higher than where I am (I'm collecting armor in treasure chests that is 2-3 times lower than what I'm wearing), I thoroughly enjoy going into my over drive phase and chaining rates between Milla and Jude. Wrecking shop has never been so fun.
It was literally the only job I could get around my area, and I still commute 45 mins. to 1 hr. and 15 mins., depending on traffic. They all think I'm doing a great job, but I think it's because I'm a good "yes man". That's what the support class feels like it asks me to be. So, I'm not offended, just frustrated.
Yes. You are teaching phonics. Will they know every word they say? If they are low, probably not, but that doesn't mean it isn't helpful. Hearing and speaking words are two parts of the equation. Having a lexicon, with definitions, and understanding syntax are different. Both are important, but you don't always learn it all at once.
Came here to agree with Haunted. Her butt. He ate her BUTT
Watching this right now and loving the balance! Also, having unexpected characters that veer away from the typical, like a drunk woman wizard. Looooove it
You lose that awesome map capability with Pikmin 3 as well! Such a pain switching back and fo
Definitely give this a shot! If you ENJOY the mindless grind, but want something that has a great atmosphere, this is it. I didn't even finish it, because I became so obsessed with switching between jobs and just grinding them out. I still had crazy fun. There is also DLC for this if you end up loving it, and I hear it is worth it.
A school counselor should NOT tell you to stop complaining. If they do, they are being a poor counselor. These people are experts who are trained to help you with your anxiety. They WANT to help you, so utilize whoever is on your campus! I'm a teacher that works closely with my ninth grade counselor, because I teach a support class with students who are failing multiple, if not all, subjects. She wishes more students took advantage of having her there to listen and help.
Same! I'm guessing my final battle in Xillia wouldn't have had to take 15 mins if I had used mystic arts. I didn't get it though! Still don't. Also, I'm not sure how to switch between characters to chain arts. Switching characters in general, during battle, confusing.
Sharing a room can be super hard. Are there other factors at the school making you want to leave?
Not being able to be a member of the community is pretty hard. I'm actually stepping out of some nature I did last semester because I realized the time I was taking at school was taking a toll on my health. So, yes, take time for yourself! Do what is best for you!
I have stuff on my computer (on iPad now) but mostly I take things from online. Look up a book and then try "unit plan" after. It is easy to find unit plans that are done well on classic literature. Using them can help you create curriculum for new texts.
I teach ERWC, a curriculum in CA designed for seniors to be successful at CSUs. Right now we are doing a multi genre project where they will find a topic of interest and express this interest through five styles of writing. Text is a fluid notion, so we are discussing how ANYTHING that has words/must be "read" can be a text. Currently I'm having students bring in texts and I'm putting them all over the class. Magazine ads, sheet music, poetry, buzz feeds... I'm hoping they start to bring images, instruction manuals, etc. I'm also going to have them tell a story through their portfolio. They will write an intro to their project, much like an artist statement, explain the purpose of their work. They seem stoked.
It is strange, but I feel like a class really starts to listen when I've been human, just as you have. I run support classes as well, with ninth graders, and we have community circles with a counselor. I've cried, they have cried, and even on their bad days, we still respect each other. My seniors I have cried in front of and the response is equally respectful. I get migraine, and one day I feared up in front of seniors because the pain was excruciating and I was just making it through. Five of them gave me hugs! I think the notion of being a robot is archaic. People don't reflect until they see that what they are doing is causing someone pain. I hope your kids remember this and, even on the bad days, at least say they are sorry.
Grain of salt. The only students who post there are the dissatisfied ones. I actually had a review about my audacity to encourage creativity in the English classroom.
Once again, as others have said, this will not count against you in any letter of rec. Additionally, my SO is a middle school ELA teacher with ADHD and he is beloved by children.
Charter schools are a good call. Private schools too. Look into those.
Individual comments go much farther. I run an intervention style class, and what students tell me is that they would love for a teacher to acknowledge their hard work, ask about their day, etc., but they like this one on one far more than as a class. Students have a "persona" to keep after all. If you want students to know you care, pick a few every week that you make a point of noticing before/after class. Give a call home about how AWESOME he/she is.
I'm on my fifth school in four years. You'll find your place. I'm still finding mine.
As a teacher, was told my class was supposed To be an easy A. After their child was failing miserably. Also had a parent show up, unannounced, in a cop uniform, at 7:30am, to "discuss" how I clearly disliked his son and ga vet him a poor grade.
What do you mean by one and done? Like one year and you were out? I feel that the area I'm in tends to wash and rinse new teachers, easily replacing them with older teachers before the new teacher becomes permanent. Also, 3 of those positions were temporary (including now). 1 other me and the principal came to a consensus about me not fitting in the team (small school with all teachers teaching together), so I got a great reference from him, even though I wasn't hired back. The other school was my only sour spot, being pulled from courses halfway through due to them wanting to go in a different direction with a NEW course they gave me 3 months to perfect... (A tad bitter). I left there halfway through, with support from staff to break contract, no questions asked. I'll be looking again, since the position I received is 45min to one hour away and teaching primarily support (failing students, massive focus issues, motivation issues), both factors that unfortunately override the lovely people who constitute the staff. Also, again, it is primarily a temporary position, and I won't put my eggs in the basket of a temp position. I have, twice, and been SORELY disappointed (either nothing was available, or they hired people with more years on me, despite staff thinking I rocked). It's not hard to get a position. I've had tons of interviews and gotten into top choices. I get a position every year. It's just that stuff is temporary.
Im sorry, but it is unfortunately true that admin is able to end your career for a solid year if you back out. I have been fortunate enough to NOT have that happen since both I and admin agreed I could leave for another position last year. The hard truth is that most of the beginning teacher jobs are with the toughest students. I want to be a theater teacher, but the few and far between positions I've applied to around my area want someone with more experience. So what have I taught? ELD and support English, basically classes where you work with the toughest populations, mostly failing students with massive language barriers. Do I want to teach that? No. Do I cry some days because students won't stop talking, poking, prodding, and testing my patience with their unmedicated focus issues that are overemphasized due to all being clumped together in one room with a teacher who is NOT SPED? Yes. But I pick myself up, because next year I'll apply to more positions and hope that I now have enough experience to be "qualified" for standard English courses and/or theater. If she wants to remain in public Ed, forcing the school's hand could get her blacklisted in your area for a couple years. I recommend looking into opportunities for PD that could help her with managing these students. If it is a case of lacking qualification and they need someone who can handle violent kids, she NEEDS to talk to her union rep and explain the unsafe work environment. That's a safety concern!
I have struggled with acne my whole life. I was on acutane in college. It is FAR better, but I constantly have one zit somewhere. I also don't wear makeup or I would just break out further. My pores hate anything that touches them. In the end, don't even care!
I think Nier was only mentioned once, and I want to promote it. I haven't finished it, but I really enjoyed what I started! Great dialogue and story. Folklore was also mentioned once, and you really should give it a try if you are interested in old PS3 games. Has a cool comic book cut scene style.
Do what you know is going to make you more satisfied, not what others believe is "best". Don't settle for what everyone THINKS you're good at, choose your job based on what makes you want to get up and go each day. I've been trying to pursue teaching and I want to find a school that is a reasonable distance from home that I can attend my students' events and be a part of the community. Additionally, though I work well with disadvantaged students, it is not where I am finding joy. It stresses me out and wears on my patience, making me feel downhearted. I truly believe that because I've been teaching in classes of students who have focus issues (and I mean, 9 kids with focus issues TOGETHER), I've been absorbing their focus problems and am unable to enjoy relaxing and focusing on ONE task. I don't like it. It is changing me in ways that make me feel I cannot enjoy life as I want. Therefore, I'm searching for another teaching position next year. I know my staff likes me. I know my students like me. I know I'm doing a good job supporting failing students. I want something else though! I don't want to drive 45 min/1 hour to work. I don't want to sigh during the day and PRAY I don't have to kick a kid, or 3, out of one class. I want to help students, but I need balance. I need something that works, and I'm not afraid to tell my family, my friends, or ask coworkers for letters of rec to help me in my pursuit, because it is what I want, not what THEY want.
Dixit or Story Cubes! Great medium in which to get kids telling stories. Also, I love having kids do one line/one word story in a circle and having to actually RELAY the story at the end to another group. Stories get crazy.
Just echoing, find a new place or cut the hours down. I'm finding a new place next year because I spend a couple hours in commit. It makes my days even longer, with the early time I come in to do extra grading, etc.
I always catch them to a point where they catch themselves, which is what they need. I'm an ELA teacher, so regardless if it is ninth or twelfth grade, students need to understand audience. I'm also a support teacher with my ninth graders. These are kids who rag on themselves and others quite a bit. In that class, I don't let them say that they, or anyone else, "sucks" or is "stupid". We say that people are "frustrating" due to their demanding rigor, or you think that a person is "not making wise decisions". When you teach and enforce academic discourse, students learn it.
Online gaming Other geeky friends I have, have MORE geeky friends, so we meet at geeky things like D&amp;D, Magic tournaments, and board game nights But I should mention I'm a thirty year old woman and I feel like I only meet men at these things. I have a handful of women friends, and I don't really hang out with them. Also, I'm a teacher, and coworkers are cool. I've been at a new school every year, for the past four years, since I started, so I'm always meeting new teachers.
One of my favorite college professors said to do this. I listen to both extremes on the radio to this day. I think when you hear both sides, you start to see the middle ground.
I'm going to postulate your grades are lower than expected because you attempt to multitask when that idea is actually a fallacy. What you are doing is refocusing yourself on various tasks and not fully letting your mind sink into one for long enough to devote your max critical thinking. You don't notice it, but it is probably dwindling your productivity bit by bit. I see this out of my best students. At a school with a tech focus, I allow phones in most classes (save my behaviorally challenged ones). I only keep devices if I see they are massively distracting, otherwise it is not worth my effort. As a high school teacher, I expect students to exert agency in handling their personal belongings.
I am hyped for BD2, but I have to agree that I hope there is not the length padding. I didn't actually play through to the end of BD due to it feeling horribly repetitive with little discovery, once you get into "replay, but harder!" Mode. I'm not a New Game+ kind of player, and I felt BD Forced me to play that. I looked up the ending online.
I am happy to be a union teacher and ultimately know that grading is my choice, not my district's. I'm sorry you appear to have to bow to your school. Suggestions are fine, but when you are taken advantage of, it is terrible. See if you can just do 50%, as others have suggested. It will save you a headache.
Any time a tragic male character has hair completely block their eyes
Nothing at the school I worked at, but the college I was at definitely got haunted. Early on I was an actress in a show and I would have to run under the stage to pop up on the other side. One night, I ran under and a flash of streaking green light flew by my face and I heard footsteps that were not my own. Safe to say, I was always a little scared of The hauntings of my theater.
I'm an extrovert at school, but introvert at home. I used to be all extrovert, but teens pull all my energy out and I've found that I need time to myself to let my brain rest, once I get home. My SO is all extrovert. It is almost 9, yet after a day of full time middle school, he is still out playing games with friends.
Take a breath, rearrange your seating, and teach to the kids who want to be taught. I have literally turned desks to face the wall, given those kids packets, and told them when they want to join the rest, they can. I don't find it cruel, I find it practical. I do make it a point to check in with my turned around students. More often than not, they will choose to join again. Rarely have I had a kid who actively wants to be ostracized. When they ARE that obstinate, I feel secure in knowing the packet work has the material I want them to learn. It may be mind numbing work, but it meets standards. You have to do something to survive. It may make you feel like crap because you aren't reaching those kids, but not all kids WANT to learn all the time. Sometimes a kid has to find his or her way. Think of yourself as a facilitator, and you'll relax.
This is exactly how I was coming in mid year to a school last year. Do not put all of this on yourself. Do what you can. Focus on specific skills. Don't go too broad or you lose any significant build in one skill. Trust that you are doing the best you can!
When you are talking to a student and they do that fevered "okay!" You know they did t really listen and are just trying to get you to stop talking.
I'm in CA, but I've experienced some awkwardness at my current school for not being religious. There is a pretty large Christian community. I don't mind much from students, but there is a SPED teacher who actually questioned me for not attending church, like I was some weirdo.
See the comments about it being time consuming. If I had 50 students total, and not 150, I could do this. It also depends on the class. My honors students would all do retakes. It would take forever to grade! My low level kids don't care. No time consumed with grading.
I give extra effort points on assignments. Basically, if a student wants more points, they have to show they are willing to go the extra step to bring their mastery up. I want them to focus on the material they have right now, not some superfluous assignment. There is something in place at my school that allows students to make up an inexcusable absence, and on that day I give them an opportunity to make up a low point assignment for an hour of time spent there.
My SO and I love Descent AND Mice and Mystics Both of these games come with premade characters that you can level up with skills and weapons. They are a ton of fun and great regarding your love of progression. Descent is if one of you wants to be the bad guy, the other the heroes. M&amp;M is if you want to be full Co- op
Talking into a spinning fan blade
I adore progressive, but there needs to be a balance. I've worked at multiple project based schools, and what I've seen is that "fun" is being held so high that "rigor" is suffering. Creativity is fantastic, but students who are not given an outline more often will never make it to the tracks. Progressive education is not for all students. Some kids just can't handle that freedom. They thrive in an environment of strict rules, hard deadlines, and lectures with notes. That isn't to say these are bad students! One type of learning simply doesn't fit all! A truly progressive school needs to throw away traditional notions of "periods", "finals" and "homework". If you let students truly choose and dictate their learning, you need to allow them a wide workday that can be manipulated to fit their will. This is FRIGHTENING to most admin, but I've done it, and if really does offer great freedom and more personal motivation to students. However, these students couldn't write you a standard essay. They didn't fit into the mold society has placed on a typical education. They also did not fit into a high academic language standard. These students could speak well and were confident, but without the skill and drill of vocabulary and DOL, they didn't have a collegiate lexicon available.
As a teacher who deals with a student who is a pathological liar, I've found NOTHING works. I feel bad for that kid
Intervention students are making me sad. I'm not going to do a film for finals day. They all have the ability to do make up work for English class. I checked with their teacher. They are going to work until the last day.
This coworker feels the need to ask everyone about whether they go to church, or saw someone at church, or had to bring up "faith" subtly in every discussion. Then says "That's good." If someone DOES attend a church. I think she is weeding out the sinners.
I would suggest making your middle school experience speak to how great you would be in high school. You know what the base skills should be, so if students are lacking, you know how to scaffold to get them on track. What subject?
I would love to teach theater one day. My BA is in theater arts, acting. Yet, here I am, an English teacher! In CA if you have a single subject English teaching credential, you can teach theater. So having to learn the material is something I so EVERY YEAR! I'm always having to read classic books, because that was never a part of my degree! Grammar? Always learning there too. I love it though. I still want to teach theater, but in a far more confident writer and reader thanks to the pressures of being an English teacher.
ELA high school teacher here! I think having in mind a book you would love to teach to HS is important.
I teach in CA. We definitely have books at the new school I'm at, but we have a crazy amount of choices, and when it comes to classics, they have almost ALL (so any classic choice is probably available). I have a lot of freedom in curriculum, save I do a certain amount of essays during the year for a portfolio assignment at each grade.
I hear you. I'm going to be checking in with an office woman tomorrow about getting my stuff together to check out by the last day. I'm not coming back, and I don't want to drive an hour for 10 minutes of work
I love playing. I love theatrics. I was a theater major and did improv comedy for years. Being a teacher now, I barely have time to do much... except D&amp;D. There is no pressure to be "on", like acting can. I just get to show up, be creative, and have a fun time with my friends.
Roy Mustang
I'm there with you! I went to the gym. I got done tacos. I'm going to go to Lowe's soon to get some junk for remodeling my back yard
I am a lady! I'll definitely take a look at the fitness reddit. I'll also take the consultation because I don't know what I want to do! Also, it would be nice to learn about some of the equipment.
Thanks for the advice! Thankfully I worked in the art of "selling" at Starbucks for 2 1/2 years, so I feel like I have the power, and experience, to say "no". I will chant your post in my mind though!
I'll be in my 4th contracted year this year, 5 th year really (having long term subbed my first), and I'll be at my 6th school. This year was the first year I didn't get the "someone had more experience than you" line. I nailed my first interview. It was AMAZING! That took 4 years. If you can move, I recommend looking elsewhere if you want to get a job before August. If you are okay with holding out, stick around and hope for something, or hop into the sub game.
I teach high school. Students ask me and I say "okay". They know not to ask during my direct instruction, nor directly when class begins or ends (unless it is a full project work day, then going at the beginning is usually fine). I find there are usually just a couple abusers, and I approach them, contact parents, etc. That usually stops them. I believe in HS, students should be treated like adults. Asking is courtesy so I know where they are.
unfortunately, everyone does not always want what is in YOUR best interest. I'm with WorstTeacher here. I bet this reference just doesn't want you to go. Why can't you take this reference out of your call list?
Fellow teacher here! I flashed Tell Talesomeone Game of Thrones. Now I'm on the Tales of Zestiria. Most likely I'll tackle Dragon Age Inquisition next (started it when it first came out. I may just pick up where I left off). Then I have some old PS3 treasures, like Tales of Xillia 2, Dragon's Dogma, and Kingdoms of Amalur
Looks like the kind of game I could button mash to victory, but I love working the armor enhancement system and actually attempting good combos, so I'm taking WAY longer than I probably need to. Still worth it!
This woman clearly doesn't have much else to do. You should feel honored to be so important to her :P
My SO just got a call yesterday for an interview tomorrow! Right before we leave for a wedding! Here is hoping he has only good news :)
Uh... how about every year? Don't worry, you'll be fine! I always am! Be thankful you have a summer. I have my FIRST summer I get to plan and not 3 days before the school year starts. I'm enjoying my June with NO planning!
I wish it wasn't garden spider season in California. It is hot, but even when I open windows with screens, those buggers find a way IN! Bahamas! Also, yes, so hot I was playing video games and started feeling faint.
I'm pretty sure "Woo baby" is in a church?
1. Animal Crossing: New Leaf 610:57 2. Streetpass Mii Plaza 164:45 3. Fantasy Life 82 4. Harvest Moon: A New Beginning 54:14 5. Bravely Default 53:17 6. Return to Popolocrois 44:02 7. Pokémon Shuffle 38:31 8. Professor Layton: Azran Legacy 27:37 9. Nintendo Badge Arcade 27:16 10. Bravely Second 25:51
I think the sweet spot is 9th grade. I LOVE them! They are excited/worried about being in high school, so they tend to give you respect. Those who don't care USUALLY get their stuff together in the middle of the year because they get scared about not getting credits (something they haven't experienced until this point). They have the basics down, but they need to be refined. They learn things and get EXCITED! I've taught other grades, but nothing is as good as 9th.
I basically did this cutting up large note cards in half and writing the card titles on them. I'll try to get a picture of it on here at some point.
They are still willing to be silly faces. So great!
Yes! Me too! 41 hours and in chapter 3. I talk to everyone... always. Lol! I love all the tiny story lines playing out. I especially love the daughter who spends all of her father's money.
Also Mint and her Uncle. Oh my lord. I'll wander around talking to NPCs, then suddenly find Mint and be like "Oh lord, where are you actually supposed to be?"
I may move to the 4 point scale in the next semester. This semester, I stuck with what I started with. I like the idea of doing minuses and pluses to differentiate the medium (3.5, 2.5, etc)
I do give 50 percent on homework if it is turned in and attempted. I see homework as practice. You're learning material, you're trying it out, that's what matters. It just feels like on a test if you only know 30% of the material, you should get that score. Tests are seeing what you are competent in, homework is practicing. I know from having done a flat "50" on tests, it REALLY inflated grades and did not show competency.
I did SAT words of the day for the first semester. Students write it down, definition, part of speech, and sample sentence. Finally, they write their own sentence. We share a few. During a final test for a unit, I incorporate the words into the test, or ask students to use them. It went really fantastically! I tried to do this with grammar, but it wasn't nearly as good. At least the vocabulary was something the students could easily incorporate in verbal activities. The grammar just didn't feel as immediately useful.
I tend to offer that, but once the semester is over, we move on. I did offer an alternate assignment for extra points toward their essay, so I did give the opportunity to raise!
I'm wondering how things will hold up with this insane rain coming to California. Super happy for it, but I definitely WON'T be going in this weekend to make any copies. Looks like we have lots of reason the coming week, so we'll see if anything floods! A couple years ago it flooded in a different town I worked in, 30 minutes north, and they actually didn't call off school until the freakin HIGHWAY flooded!
It is SO difficult having started off PBL, and then moving to traditional where they WANT to have some PBL, but have NO idea the time and commitment it takes to truly accomplish it.
Thanks so much!
You need to meet with the teachers you are failing and come up with a game plan. By doing this, you will figure out exactly what each one expects, you may be able to find a compromise to help you out long term, and the teacher will see you making extra effort and that is always a plus. Make sure that you FOLLOW THROUGH with any requests the teachers make after these meetings. A meeting is nothing if there is no ultimate gamer plan. The teacher asks you to turn in a late essay in one week, turn it in, no matter how "bad" you think it is.
I would ask your teacher how to get full credit. She will have an explanation. In my own English class, getting full credit on homework is more doable,since I consider that practice. Getting 100 on a test? Not as easy, because I am testing and I expect every detail to be marvelous of you want that top score.
I did that, but it was honestly too rich just on its own for me. Also, too baby puree style when I ate it. If it is that soft, is love to do a soup.
Sim town!
Oh my lord. What grade?
Mmmm... 8th or 9th?
Phallic jokes transcend the ages
Ooooo nice! I was thinking of having them do an argumentative paragraph justifying how a moment in the film fits the expectations of a part of the Hero's Journey. I noticed in their writing last semester that they need to work on connecting their examples to the thesis, so I want to work on that
Thanks so much! I'll check out both!
I don't record my students presentations for obvious legal reasons, but now I'm wondering if I should be doing that by sending home an opt out form for having the recordings for the year. That is the one thing I could see them trying to get me on, because how would anyone be able to know EXACTLY what happened in the presentation without it?
Thanks! I did some investigating of her grades this year and noticed on final assignments that are orally presented abs are personal choice, she scores in the B range. Suddenly it comes to in depth analysis and she is falling to C range. The F on the essay is definitely on point and looks like it probably happened due to poor in class time use and not utilizing resources.
I'm hoping the essay offer settles things. The curve was a modified zero that I discussed with another teacher who actually teaches AP. We talked about the reasonable grade on this assignment, since it did appear more like a second draft than a final draft, for ALL students. Basically I came to the conclusion that my expectations for this essay and the timing of it could be met in the mid B range, and I adjusted accordingly. Basically a kid who wrote something that was an attempt, but failed horribly, could still get 28 points even with a "0". The presentation was a group one. She is contesting the fact I said they did a "good job" with their skills, and she wound up with a C-. There was physical work turned in, along with a pre-meeting, so the score dropped. Basically she didn't look at the rubric and assumed her partners had covered the work appropriately, which, unfortunately, they didn't.
Spent some of today post-it noting the finest details of the lost points. I should be ridiculously covered.
That's what I'm thinking. A colleague thinks I'll be opening up a flood gate for students to do retakes, but I highly doubt it. My students don't WANT to redo work on their own, much less take time to meet with me to do so. Scratch that, my 12th graders don't want to, my 9th graders LOVE to.
Yay
Anchor charts is a great idea! Especially with all the examples!
Don't do it! I stopped this year. I don't have my work email on my phone either. Work is for work. Can't get mad at me for working my contacted hours!
I had a rough meeting yesterday where the student and parent had basically won the battle before I ever steeped foot in the room. I don't know why, but there are clearly some underlying politics that I dint know at the school. Will this kiss continue to try and talk her way out of stuff and rally her friends to do so? Probably. But my brother, a teacher liberty than I, told me that they eventually get over it. If they don't, it shouldn't bring you down, because they are one drop in the bucket.
I don't. Gosh, I can have a little fun, right?! I am a high school teacher though, and I think I can have a more rational conversation with my kids than you could about why what they did was humorous, but not appropriate.
I feel like my lessons this week have been awesome (high school English teacher), but then I caught a nasty flu today and had to call in for tomorrow. I'm also up because I basically have slept since 6! Also, I've had a freakin cough soccer mid November, so getting this flu was just a cherry on a trash cake.
Of you like horror, Haunted by Chuck Palahniuk. It will leave you questioning your morals.
For sure universal. I, unfortunately, was ALSO hit with the flu on Thursday and am on meds and it off work until this Thursday. Oy.
I'm more excited than Zestiria, which I didn't finish. The main character was such a goody two shoes it was difficult to deal with. Relationships in general weren't that interesting. I hear that portion is better, so I'm excited!
I share RPGs with my brother, who lives a few hours from me, so I try to get physical copies when I can.
That would involve an awful lot of coordination and strict timing that, as two teachers with varying giant workloads, would cause more hassle than it is worth
She is fabulous! Her personality in contrast with the others realty makes for fabulous comedy.
Best part? I can change outfits so early on! Happy to see I don't HAVE to look at Velvet's boobs all the time. Also, cosmetic items are everywhere! Thank you Katz! Also, the Katz area ADORABLE!
I've only played 1 + 2 on my good ol PS2, and I was satisfied.
Teacher here, summer is great! School year is exhausting. Week... high school teachers at least! I think I need to get into middle school...
The villager outfit, and I made a small, dark red corsage on the lapel. You get the corsage from one of the Katz you set free. I considered also giving her glasses, but it took away the "edge".
Holy cow! Glad you are feeling better. I had one day of food poisoning lay year, or maybe the year before, and that was enough vomiting for me for a life time. Ugh!
This. Though I am a teacher who tries to work in relevant activities. My students will be responding to articles they find and writing letters to the editor, for example.
Trying to teach, and keep the attention of, a room of children.
For sure. I think I'll follow up by Friday...
It is definitely all consuming with this flipping anxiety, but I realized you have to find little things to distract you. Video games ahoy!
Writing Portfolios. The school I'm leaving does then and they have been an AMAZING asset for parent meetings and IEPs. Also establishing a harder technology policy. I love having kids pull out phones to use dictionaries and look up authors and articles! I need to just establish a time and place and really take phones when I see them. Not necessarily them to the office, but attach penalties regarding participation (if necessary).
Live in the north bay area. Making 50k gross after 5 years of teaching. This year I've been supporting my boyfriend. He pays his share of rent and bills, whiIe I pay for food and extra circulars. I got a full time teaching job this year and he, with a couple years behind him, couldn't find a nothing last year except an hourly after school job (in lieu of subbing because we wanted him to have at least a group of kids he saw all the time, similar to a public teaching job). We don't really do anything but hang out at home and with our friends at their place. Our leisure is buying video games occasionally. We live in a small apartment that had a bedroom that is far too small for our bed, so we use it as an office an have a studio style bedroom in the front room/ dining. Our rent is 1350 a month, water paid. The cost of living is tough to consider saving much. What I save is used in the summer. If BOTH of us had teaching jobs, we'd be fine! Yet, this year we are both out there trying to find English jobs. We don't want to live in a city, so our pickings are slim. It is rough.
At least 1, probably 2 of the interviews don't have offers. I'm thinking one of mine went for bilingual as well.
Omg! I just stocked up for next year. I didn't do it this year and, honestly, I kinda bummed myself out! I'm sou happy to see there is another high school sticker giver
I constantly second guess my place as an English teacher. I have a theater degree and would feel more than comfortable calling myself an actress. I do get amazing compliments from my students about how they love my class and feel they reality lessen quite a bit from from me and become better writers, but I think it will take a few more years to wash out my self doubt.
It depends where you are at. Last year I taught at a school whose population had a wide mix of classes. I can't remember a single entitled remark. The school had clear non- college classes and college prep, so students appeared to take it upon themselves to CHOOSE their path, which I think gave them less entitlement and more responsibility. Also, it was truly project based learning, and I honestly believe that model of schooling gives students more agency. The school I was at this year? One of the reasons I didn't reapply (something opened AFTER the budget cuts, though it is still temporary) was due to entitlement. I'm flabbergasted by the amount of emails I received asking for a grade bump, AND how I felt these actions were accepted and, at times, supported!?! By the end of the year, I felt I'd lost authority due to the culture and sacrificed my morals when altering an assignment's repercussions for not turning it in to where I asked. I know that there are schools out there that kids don't have grade entitlement. Entitlement to their technology paid for by their parents? That, I'm afraid, you'll never leave, lol!
You are my idol
I went to bed pretty late and had spent the day clearing out my classroom, walking up and down stairs with heavy boxes, yet I still managed to be up and ready! Ha!
I shut down my alarm first thing yesterday morning. I was like ADIOS ALARM
I'm look for a new position for next year, so I've yet to find out if I have PD.
I think we may see a wave wash back to respecting teachers. I feel like the pendulum is swinging so far to the entitlement with personal electronics and social media and helicopter parenting, that we will see a sharp contrast in the next 10 years. Or, maybe I just hope for that. Actually, it's just how I plan on raising my kids!
That's good. I find summer PD is usually my favorite.
I have Trails of Cold Steel 1 + 2 on my PS3, and Tales of Beraeria on my PS4. I also may need to pick up Persona 5 for PS4. I have yet to play a Persona game, but I hear they are amazing.
The only summer PD I've had to do was specialized for certain courses I'd teach, so skipping it wouldn't be an option.
I had a freshmen who we had a SST for with a very supportive mother and family friend who acted as a tutor. The kid was so convinced he was bad at English, that he just STOPPED doing work. The kid was NOT bad at English; he was bad at homework. Another freshmen, this was a girl, was pretty smart, but came out of district and never felt like she really fit in. Finals day she showed up late and REEKED of weed. She could have passed my class easily, but just felt distant socially and it crept into her academics.
This approach did me no service this year. I was too brash and blunt when it came to, you know, facts. Otherwise this is usually right on the money. Know your admin!
Compliment sandwich!
Read that letter of rec. Your principal may have been tough, but clearly believed in you in SOME capacity. You are a good teacher. You had a hard first year, which is pretty typical. Gosh, I was crying every other week my first year! I'm 5 years in now, and I've had temporary jobs multiple years in a row, but I'm still kicking. YOU WILL BE TOO! I had a rough day yesterday. I laid in bed for a lot of it, feeling sorry for myself. I was pink slipped due to being temporary, but the a job did open up at my school (temporary again)... but I ALSO didn't apply. I couldn't see myself there. Yesterday I was questioning that action and feeling AWFUL. Point is, you're not alone. You will have tough days this summer, but you will find a new job and it will be fabulous!
Indigo Prophecy. I randomly picked out up in high school because it was cheap and in a bargain bin. I never knew I could love point and click so much. It felt like I actually had consequences for bad decisions. Anyone who played will never forget taking pills, then drinking... and DYING. No cutesy line about needing to "lie down" or puking... just GAME OVER.
My mom is the CBO for a county and it's never done anything for me. I get it.
That definitely helps!
After my student teaching, I also didn't get a job in the school I student taught in. I had a long term subbing position after that definitely didn't have connections tied to it!
School environment definitely matters! I went through a whirlwind of multiple interviews in a well off school district, to still not get the job. They were extremely picky and had the ability to string people along until they found the candidate they wanted.
I am having a rough time right now as I interview again, anticipating what my 7th school will be (temporary jobs run rampant here). I took a look at some student letters I've kept over the years. One student told me I was the reason she came to school every day. She had never experienced WANTING to come to English class, but I had changed that. That's all I needed.
thank you, this is definitely pertinent
Unfortunately I was temporary and left my school after being pink slipped. While I was packing I had a solid amount of tears. It's hard. Lots of good hugs on that last day. I feel that bittersweet emotion differently, but I totally get it. I'm happy your first year went well! Learn something new this summer that you can bring back to the classroom.
High school here. This school year I did 50% homework/classwork, 40% tests/quizzes/final projects and 10% Agency (showing up with materials, being on time, being a participant in group work/discussions... basically, being an active participant in your education) I think I'm going to switch back to project based learning grades I did in another district. Splitting percentage between Oral Communication, Writing Mechanics, Critical Thinking/Content, Agency, Organization... might have been some others. It is based off looking at the SKILLS kids need to acquire and splitting points on assignments between the categories. A kid might excel at the basic content of the assignment, but had rough presentation/oral communication. The skill based model takes time to input, since the assignment is split into varying categories, but it gives a better view of the child as a learner.
having switched schools every year, yep! I've never taught the same grade/class two years in a row. This last year was the first time I was actually teaching two grades and classes I'd taught previously (though not at the same time). It will help you grow and really understand the over all goal of content from year to year. I LOVE that I have taught 7th-12th graders in various capacities. I totally understand how English skills build on each other and what skills are necessary at what grade level. It is exhausting though. I feel like I'm a first year teacher every year.
It doesn't sound to me like you think accommodating students is unacceptable, but that there is some level of accommodation, that isn't specified, that you have a problem with. Teaching standard high school English, I have accommodated many assignments with extra time, fewer notes/pages, fewer questions.... but I've never felt like the content was compromised. In fact, some of my hardest working students have been those with accommodations and I continue to think "If only my other students worked this hard!" What specific accommodation are you making that makes you feel the rigid is lost?
Keep a collection of notes, printed emails, and pictures kids draw for you. Bad day? Take that out.
Yep! I've caught about 5 kids through it.
You'll be fine. Teaching experience is what matters.
Ummm... I redid my lawn. Then I painted my nails. I went on a walk today! I've got me some video games. I would LOVE to be considering my next year, but I'm waiting for a job (two interviews on Monday! ), so I'm unsure WHAT I'll be teaching. Once I know, I'll probably spend some time later planning.
I'll add you now! Thanks!
I'll be at my 7th school next year, in 6 years. I know, it's a lot, but all was unavoidable. 4 out of my 6 positions have been temporary. One probationary split was amicable and a great growing experience, while the other didn't last the year and showed me how poorly functioning admin will throw new teachers under the bus to appease parents. I know what I want in a school, which is a huge positive! Yes, admin want to please parents, but good admin have your back when you show up prepared. I like having autonomy, but I love collaborating! I need a department with members who will share lessons AND collaborate if the timing works. Monoculture student bodies are disastrous, as are monoculture staff. I Vann teach intervention kids, I just can't ONLY teach intervention or I'll run my emotional well dry.
I'm glad to say I've had more positive experiences than negative! Some of the negative was just ridiculously hard and made me understand why this profession has such high turnover.
Is there any way to move did that both of your commutes are 45 minutes? I know this isn't ideal, but my SO and I have done it
I'm so happy for you! I'm in Cali, so I don't know the Texas norms, but my advice is to wait until a contract is signed. It is just the smart way to move about things.
I'm in a financial bind at the moment while looking for a job, but I would just eat PB&amp;J to get a switch if this was a thing.
Thanks for the confidence post! I'm a teacher with 5 years of experience out there in the mix again this year (thank you perpetually temporary positions) and I need reminders like this. I'm waiting to hear back from two interviews HOPEFULLY today. We'll see!
So sorry! I hope one of your other interviews works out.
I think finding what works for you is best. My SO also feels like this can often become a contrived activity. He is a lecture teacher who then likes having large class discussions. He feels he much more naturally manages a large discussion than several tiny ones. So, you're not alone!
Congrats! Same thing happened to a friend of mine.
The reposting is always tough, especially since you usually have no idea why they didn't want you or ANYONE else they interviewed. Wishing the best for you
I've had a couple applications this year suddenly be put into archived postings (that's what it shows on the website) and the job has been put on hold. I feel like there are quite a few people who WANT to retire, but need the summer to fully realize it. Makes it a pain for us though!
Totally. I've experienced the roughly hour each way commute and it really did ready into my social time. Hmmm
It's rough because my boyfriend is also a teacher looking for work. I would love to say "I'll just move!", but it isn't just me
I agree, I would be fine with back roads. Part would be highway, part would be rural highway. Probably not a good choice since the main highway will be awful in the afternoon
That's what I'm wondering about: the trade off. When I was coming 45 mins or more one way, I had a salary where I made quite a bit more than the district I lived in. Hmmm...
SAO is great!
The "Zero" one looks hilarious as a premise. Looks like it is up first, since it is expiring from Hulu!
Added to my que!
I'm not sure if I'm upgrading. I'm going to go for cheap and effective.
I know right? I miss the days of the flip phone. I just love my GPS too much. I was all set on having my phone with a crack in it. I could use the screen, and if I held it at a specific angle, I couldn't even see the crack! Today it got really whacked though, and I had to actually look up how to power it off without being able to touch the screen.
Yeah, I think I'm going to get a screen protector again for my next phone. This one was doing just fine, but, man, it really slammed onto the ground today!
I wish I didn't rely on GPS so much... I honestly use it quite a bit. Finding a store, traveling around the bay area... it is just far easier than pre-looking up directions, ESPECIALLY if there is traffic/and accident on the road. I wonder what the "weakest" smart phone would be.
True. I think I might be able to find a cheap phone with gps as well. I'll get one of those bad boys with the big battery that NO ONE wants because it's bulky, lol
I never put my phone in my pocket anyway. It's always in my purse, so why does it matter if it is bulky? Women's pants can't even hold "slim" phones anyway. OMG lady pockets are the worst.
My pain is in my pocket... from the keys that are stabbing me because these pockets are so small!
I'm in the job market for teaching again, high school/middle school English. This next school will be my 7th school. I've mostly been at temporary jobs, and budgets mean that the lowest on seniority list gets cut first. This year a dream job opened up, after I'd been pink slipped due to be temporary. Unfortunately, I had such a poor experience with the administration, that I pulled out of the running. I've interviewed for quite a few jobs so far, and I'm always thanked and "at the top of the list", but not offered the job. What can you do? Give me a job.
Awesome! Thanks for the rec!
Thanks for the suggestion! That is something I hadn't thought to do.
Amen. Having a significant other and a full time career job makes it nigh impossible for me to keep friends. I'm happy my boyfriend was a part of my friend group before so at least we can kill two birds with one stone when setting up friend plans. So, hi! How's your summer?
Oh gosh, this is the experience I worry about with meetup. I'm a huge nerd, but I realize when I go somewhere with other nerds I'm more socially capable and it becomes a bummer if I can't just have, like, a conversation.
This is what I think about: benefits. I got sick SO many times last year, and I worry about it.
I second Baccano!, Fairy Tail and Mushishi. I got so obsessed with Fairy Tail in the English dub that I started watching the rest subbed. SO GOOD! Aldnoah Zero is also flipping awesome.
Working for my family at our Marina on a little lake. Though, honestly, having to wake up early a kid to water the garden on a rotating schedule with my brothers was pretty much a job. I feel like I've been working my whole life.
1) Hoping to get a call for another interview. I'm a teacher looking for a job for next year. Um... I also am excited to watch MORE anime. 2) No job, so nope. 3) Crumbly donuts are so good. What are those crumbles made out if? Heaven? 4) Bright sky blue! 5) I'm forcibly finding a job. My last one was temporary. Pretty typical in education in my area with the inconsistent budgets.
Samwise Gamgee (Gardener, hero, father, BEST FRIEND) Roy Mustang (Hardass, loyal, loves puppies, FIRE) Erza Scarlett (Warrior, Kind, loves pretty dresses, FRIENDSHIP RULES ALL) Yagami Light (Ruthless, deceitful, wants to do good but goes SO BAD) Mercutio (Knew it all, dreamed it all, cursed it all) Neville Longbottom (the UNchosen one)
Gasoline and fresh cut wood because of my dad. Cilantro and vanilla because of my mom.
I should have given this one guy more of a chance. First boyfriend though, and I want sure what "feelings" really were.
I feel so bad for people who want cilantro and think it tastes nasty. Life would be so empty!
My boyfriend has this weird thing with some trees around here that he says she'll like fish. It reminds me of the cilantro = soap thing.
I'd love to join!
Do you mean like [this](https://fujinsei.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/killua-hxh.png?w=600&amp;h=338)? That's Hunter X Hunter, and Killua is one of my fav characters. His eyes are "tiger" a lot.
Honestly just being told I'm doing a good job would be nice. One of the reasons I didn't reapply after my temp job this year was a lack of recognition. I've been to a lot of schools and good admin will at least tell you they appreciate you, ESPECIALLY in areas they've wanted to see improvement in. The worst is being told to improve, and then NEVER hearing feedback again, or praise, when you are actively working on their wishes.
Which is one reason I don't have a Switch yet. I know Zelda would definitely be a time sink, but I have more RPGs I want to play on my PS3 and 4 than I do the Switch.
6 schools, 5 years. I'll be at my 7th whenever I'm hired this year. Your not alone. Most of my jobs have been temporary, or mostly temp. My first couple years I had caring factors go into my "resignation", so I understand the struggle. One year I was .2 Prob and .8 Temp. When the provisional met with me about non-stop renewal I was like "It's mostly a Temp job, I get it." Honestly most principals are devastated to talk to me about not hiring me back with temp jobs, but it is the system, add messed up as it is, so I don't have hard feelings toward them regarding their job of working the budget and having to cut temp workers. Do you like what you're doing? Do you get positive feedback from your coworkers? How about students? Do you find yourself disinterested when viewing other job prospects? Ask yourself those questions. I do it every year. I find myself applying again, every year. I read my letters of rec and student letters and go, dang, I AM awesome, I just haven't found MY school.
Right? I would want to stay at a school with admin that did this. It is SO rare! I know it exists though, because I've had it and it made me feel like a million bucks. I mean, you see that pay off in class as a teacher. A kid isn't doing so hot on a task, but you give them encouragement and then praise them when you see progress and BOOM, that kid tends to WANT to do work for you.
Whatever YOU want. If you are fabulous, you'll get praise wherever you go. If you do what OTHERS want, you'll find yourself unhappy because, honestly, they will forget once that new school year comes around. Take it from someone who has worked at A LOT of schools. I say stick with more pay and new experiences. It will enhance your resume and you'll forget more positive relationships in the district.
I'm watching all 8 seasons of Fairy Tail the anime. I don't know WHAT I'm teaching next year, but I would love to incorporate anime or manga into a Hero's Journey unit.
I totally get it. I pulled an application it this year from a job I wanted, but I didn't want to work for the people there. SIGH! Just make sure you can pay for necessities and then research on how to get where you want.
I met him in college through improv comedy. We reminisce about how we knew each other when we were half our size, ha! Until last year he'd been up to see my family more than my boyfriend, due to us just knowing each other longer. We love watching scary movies and talking about fantasy literature. We have some unspoken rule of needing to approve of each other's significant others.
No YOU look good
By remembering why you want the job. Look in the mirror and tell yourself how awesome you are EVERY DAY! no joke, positive affirmation feels silly, but it totally helps. I'm looking for a teaching job... AGAIN... After being at many temp jobs throughout the years. I've had probably... 7 interviewed this year? I had one offer, but it wasn't full time and it was SO early in the process, and they only gave me 24 hours to decide, so I said no. The rest? "Thank you for interviewing, but we went with another candidate." I've applied to... Ugh... Like... At least 25? That's in the last few months. If I can do it, you can do it!
Laying on my couch, contemplating on watching more Fairy Tail (anime) or playing a video game. I'm an unemployed teacher looking for work for next year and technically on summer break.
Like, how? I mean, I'm just being me too.
Books aren't the only thing English class is about. It's about text and the ever evolving mediums we use for communication. It is about speaking, listening, and understanding one another. You could actually teach an English class WITHOUT novels. A misconception about being an English teacher is that you have to live books, it even be an English major. I don't adhere to either expectation. I'm a theater major, which is a subject actually under my credential to teach because it deals with communication.
My boyfriend has work still, but he has a schedule that he makes himself so it doesn't adhere to anything totally set in stone. Makes me lose even more track of the days!
Ha ha! What game?
No... We BOTH look good
Fairy Tail. I'm also finishing Akame Ga Kill
I think you can open up an English class in a variety of ways. I think it is important for students to have many experiences with a variety of English teachers.
And don't you dare give any. Be your amazing self! Good on you!
Ha! Yes! I was actually recommended the anime based on liking GOT. I did try to read GOT, but didn't have the time. I do like my high fantasy, it's just that being an English teacher, I'm exhausted from reading hundreds of pages of student work, so reading, even for pleasure, can feel like a chore. Edit: words
Oops! I mean chore, not conversation. Thanks Auto correct.
Thanks bro
If it is for my class, no problem. I was actually happy to read The Fellowship of the Ring with my students this year.
Ooo, is that like a pirate MMO?
I only know it is Saturday or Sunday when certain stores have different hours. Also I live behind a bar, so it tends to get crazier on a Sat.
WHAT'S 11:30?!
It's nice to have that feeling of freedom
Congrats! Lots of people say to do something you want to do, but I say DO NOTHING
I've never worked at a PBL school, or program, that didn't have cross curricular planning. That's why I see collaboration as necessary. Also, at one school, where they had it DOWN, we shared assessments and project plans. It was great to hear a math teacher let me know what he thought about an essay. Often times, getting advice from someone OUTSIDE of your field makes you understand struggling learners even more.
A lot of issues. I'm a teacher and felt forced to grade change. They can't TECHNICALLY force me, but there was definitely a lot of pressure, and when you're hoping for a good rec, you compromise stuff. Then I didn't even GET letters of rec after multiple times of asking. They didn't even tell me they didn't want to give me one. It was like communicating with teenagers. Also, I felt they didn't trust me at all and they flip flopped on a lot of decisions. Grade this way. NO, why did you do that? Please parents! Don't compromise! It was a WRECK! I couldn't run a program under people I thought didn't trust me.
I woke up at 1am the other night because I heard someone rolling out garbage. I was like, oh shoot!
My brother is a marketing major turned history teacher. I think he is right when he says that school is a business. You make the customers happy. Your customers are the parents.
From a teacher: no one will judge you but yourself. It sounds like you have a remarkable amount of respect from family and friends for your work ethic. They don't care if you get a reward, because that does not define you.
I'm glad I haven't had a teaching nightmare this summer.
I'm staying up later, but I'm still waking up at like 6:30. That is a full hour after I would USUALLY wake up, but man! My body just can't sleep in
Haha! Omg, such a good show.
One day I had kids who wouldn't stop randomly Mooing in class. I... I had NO idea what to do
I'm a tech person, so I ask about access to technology and if there are any professional developments set in place for it.
Don't be picky your first year, especially in those subject areas. I've commuted similar distances and you can make it work. Podcasts, Audio books, calling friends or family...
Well I'm currently looking for a job for next year after being temporary, so I can't do any planning our professional development because I don't have a school for next year. So... Yes, there is summer vacation
Oh don't you worry, I laugh at it too. Back then, I was SO frustrated, but now I'm like, "I should have just sent those kids to the hall."
Ha! I was actually called this year after my contract was OVER, asking if I could call a parent. Not on am I not scheduled in the summer, but the school wasn't even my employer!
It took everything I had in me to make an optometrist appointment today.
No one really gets teaching until they do it
Sounds like you just planned to eat a tray of cupcakes today
No problem. There is a weird stretch where you'll have to wait because people are out of the office
Holy cow! This system...
Thank you!
I wouldn't either, but I was temporary this year so it wasn't really a choice
1) Nothing... That's so sad 2) uhhh.... Can I choose candles? I like candles 3) I would love to have a tiger. Obviously that's a horrible idea, but imagine the fluffy goodness of cuddling up to that bad boy. 4) Hmm... Full Metal Alchemist. Also, A Charlie Brown Christmas. Two vastly different genres of cartoon. CBC is something I used to watch a lot in college if I felt awful. For some reason, Charlie Brown pushing through was awesome. Also, when all of his friends realized they were being horrible to him, that was extra awesome. FMA was the first anime I ever watched, and it gives me all the feels. 5) I have a station that plays anime songs. I'm not sure what I based it off of... Might have been a FMA some. 6) I don't used emojis. 7) I'd probably study at college more. I love learning. If take philosophy classes. Also, I'd try to learn some instruments and start a punk rock band.
Oh gosh, I've been lazy as all get out, watching anime and feeling sorry for myself as I wait to hear back for interviews. Today I took pictures on a walk. I think I'm going to try to do that more.
Yaaaaas! THESE CUDDLES
I love you random person
It's so strange to me that such a long standing institution can be so messed up
Ugh! How annoying!
This is why I'm considering having one period every three weeks where we do organization
Thank you!
Thank you!
It was definitely surprising
I know! Thank God!
My bro is marketing turned history.
That admin sounds amazing! I wish you the best!
Thanks!
Thank you! The women at HR have probably seen my app a million times and were pretty happy to offer me something
Nachos and happy hour!
Well hoorah!
I don't know why more schools don't ask it. Honestly, don't you want to know WHY your teachers TEACH?
I actually have a whole summer! It's a teaching job!
Teaching, High School English.
Haha! They are learning to be people
Are you still pursuing teaching?
Is driving to Taco Bell late at night party enough?
Good for you! I'm torn between classroom and wanting to find something regarding curriculum writing.
I'm much more your 11th grade teacher. I get frustrated at kids who don't do their work, but if they are present in class, I'm all for it
For... Driving?
When I sign the contract, I hope they tell me what grade level. But, eh, just happy for a job!
Aww Hooray! Good for you! My SO is a bit of a klutz during interviews, so I'm going he doesn't have to do many.
Thanks so much! Go us!
Koji Kondo My boyfriend is sitting over here waiting for this comment, lol
Holy cow! I can't believe there is a district with that blanket policy!
How do your sexual partners describe your "O" face?
The amount of extra credit American society EXPECTS is ridiculous. I want to know why the kid missed so much PE in the first place.
Take a nap! Stay up! Go outside and wander aimlessly because, heck, no one will know when you're coming home because you got NO OBLIGATION
Oh yeah, a tardy/absent issue from first period is unacceptable. I've worked at schools where the frequency of that often results in a contract for the student and parent. It is SO rough teaching your first year at a new school. People think they can walk all over you and change all of your policies. That reminds me, I need to frame my degrees for next year. I totally plan on having those up.
I had a parent upset about her daughter's B+ not being an A. When I said I evaluated my grading policies with an AP teacher to consider the expectations in my class, she shot back, "This ISN'T AP!" I was like, "Yes, that is why I EVALUATED my policies to see what the expectations were for a collegiate level class for my students and ADJUSTED to scaffold my grading to fit just below since they are SENIORS WHO WILL BE ATTENDING COLLEGE NEXT YEAR." A) I couldn't believe the parent had the audacity to argue for the A when the score was so high (and I presented her with data that the student was, in fact, a B student throughout her entire high school career), B) The parent chose not to hear about my effort at modification based on solid reasoning (ha, guess what, my admin didn't care EITHER) C) All I could think was, "Your kid is going to be a C student in college sure to your coddling, and a professor will ignore your calls. Your booster money for the high school might give you some trumped up privilege, but paying off college admin won't be as easy."
Holy cow! There is way too much pressure on needing to be Ivy League.
Thank you! This is probably my favorite comment reply I've ever received.
Look into intern program. They are new around CA
I've changed schools every year, so, nope! I don't think I can even access the old work email anymore
I think it depends where you live and expectations of districts. I feel in my area, most middle schools have a lighter work load paper wise. I totally understand behavior wise what you're saying with work load too. My experience has been being saddled with intervention English students at most schools and the behavior is no different than a middle school kid and takes up just as much time. What I find is I have to do the behavior stuff DURING school hours, and then I have to grade papers after school/on weekends. Now, if you get seniors in high school, you definitely don't have as many direct behavior issues in class honestly, if they don't care, they just don't show up! Senior second semester grading is a break too because, honestly, even if you assign the work there are few who care enough to do it.
I agree with this! I'm going into my 6th year and I FINALLY feel like I have a grasp on the hours I work. This year I'm super excited because while I'll be working at a new school, I'll finally be teaching the same grade level as last year for a majority of my classes! It is SUPER exciting and I hope that means I can spend less time lesson planning and more time tweaking what I have.
Really, just working in a classroom is great.
I'm signing a week after.
Something I noticed in my classroom, when I took a look at it today, was the distinct LACK of book cases. I'm definitely going to have to garage sale this year!
I'm pretty solid with my class management. I'm not a teacher new to teaching, I'm just at a new school. Thanks for the advice, but I do feel like I get the opportunity to really make the space my own. I even had encouragement from the Principal to do so!
I don't think I'd want the hanging material, just the lighting!
Ugh, I'm sorry!
Hoorah!
It's not that you're wrong with things to do, it's just that you are an intense buzzkill in what is an attempt to have a fun thread in this sub that tends to have a lot of frustration or seriousness. If you're not a fan of the actual topic, I'd say leave these kinds of threads alone. Your comments would be appropriate in a, "Just got hired, what do I do now?!" Thread. I've thought about those things you've noted, I've been through it a million times, and it will not take me an entire summer to accomplish tweaking any curriculum to fit what this district wants. I've worked plenty of intervention and I know my discipline. I don't WANT to talk about it or get comments about working on it because I didn't ASK for that help, or remotely ask for comments that were beyond classroom design.
I need to frequent habit for humanity more often to get some rugs, paint and frames.
Depends on subject matter and district. One year, I applied to a rural-ish school and immediately got the job. There were so few who applied! One year, nothing until 3 days before. CRAZY competitive. I'm secondary English in the North Bay Area of California. This year, with five years of experience, plenty of trainings and nearly every level of English taught, I was second in line for a lot of stuff. Luckily, someone dropped and u think I snuck in at 2nd place on my accepted position. My boyfriend is ELA as well and didn't get anything last year. He has his 2 years some with his teacher induction program finished, but he couldn't find anything! He had interviewed this year, but nothing yet.
I'll say having gone charter and then public, I would totally go back to charter. I feel a strong sense of community there, along with investment from kids and parents. There was a lot of freedom. You have to be flexible, willing to change what you're doing and when at the drop of a hat. I'm that kind of person!
Email is perfectly fine. Short and sweet.
When I taught ELLs, I had scripted curriculum. One school, I HATED it! It definitely want made for secondary education. I feel like I was treating the kids like they were 5. The other school? It was AWESOME! Look at EDGE curriculum. I adored it. It feels natural and adaptable.
I WISH! I want more AVID training. I got a general one once for a couple days and I got hooked.
Oh heck yeah! Who is one person that inspires you?
Do you create art?
Which horcrux would you change, and what would you change it to and why?
I DO play co-op board games! Just played some Arkham the other night. Love Betrayal at House on the Hill!
Honestly, my bro. Optimistic, always willing to help others, sees the best in people.
I have yet to ride a train. I want to so bad!
Like, what about it?
I just wore casual clothes. Most conferences I've been to don't expect you to dress for work.
I just wore casual clothes. Most conferences I've been to don't expect you to dress for work.
Why? Why?
Uhhhh favorite character?
Out of what medium?
Right? Oddly, I find it hard to be inspired by people I don't know.
Yup. Is not riding a trains a totally American thing?
Fringe is freaking AMAZING! I loved Stargate Universe. So sad it was cut off early!
Are you one of those people with a dedicated cupboard to tea?
What era of history?
I need to read the books. One of those things I never got around to. I DID manage to read all of the Chronicles of Narnia. Whew.
Haha! My boyfriend played this so much I got used to going to sleep to the sounds of sploshing blood. Favorite boss?
That is A SICK idea. I'm totally going to think about this. Hmm... The tough part is that our queen bed is SO hard to fit in this place. Rawr! I just had an idea... I might be able to put the bed in a wall and create border along it with the love seat. I guess you could crawl over the love seat to get on the bed from the side, lol. So do you own a motorcycle? I'm guessing yes? Or do you own MANY?
What's the best way to keep tea? I'm always worried about that!
I've had some great bosses. Not like my HEAD boss... I'm a teacher, so my head of departments have been inspiring, not necessarily my principals. I did have one inspiring Principal, but I saw a lot more of him than any other I've worked for. Maybe I should read more biographies of influential people.
Abso-freakin-lutely. I would love to not have to rely on having a car. It is an expense that really drains.
I started the first book once, and DANG is Little Finger creepy.
I think the inception of governing is pretty sick
Okay, who was the side that turned into a CRAZY werewolf? He wrecked shop.
Is the steeping time super important?
I play 3.5! Tons of fun. Do you currently play in a campaign?
Music you love right now?
Oh nice! Is that your job, or a hobby?
Make me a Pokemon parody of an ABBA song, ha!
Hello fellow EDGE-r! I really thought the pacing was nice too. It finally felt like a curriculum that was thoughtfully created by real teachers, not just standards pushers!
Okay, so I have full Skyrim on my PS3. Would it be worth it to get it on my PS4, or is it the same game but higher def?
I thought something interesting to see in Astronomy class in college was how frustrated some people got when they realized how small they are in the universe
I have Eldritch Horror, but our group loves Arkham. I think Eldritch's stream lining loses some flavor
Eh, if the content is the same, I'll sick to my PS3, unless it is on super sale. I got all the DLC for super cheap when the PS4 was hot and PS3 wanted some money
YES! I'm a fan of the old stuff, and I think that's because I love Ryan's poetry. I could not handle him singing though.
I loved Mass Effect, but I want impressed with 3, so I have yet to pick up Andromeda. I moved to JRPG territory. I need to pick up my Tales of Berseria again now that the sweet summer has come
No, [this one](http://ngl.cengage.com/search/productOverview.do?N=201+4294918395&amp;Ntk=NGL%7CP_EPI&amp;Ntt=edge%7C19177312651127856379995526643673897112&amp;Ntx=mode%2Bmatchallpartial)
I saw this, I was just wondering if anyone would recommend teacher specific
**Paulo Friere** is one of my favorites with **critical pedagogy**. Basically guessing the classroom as connected to a way to wake people up to their own oppression and get them working toward and fighting for their own social justice. I imagine History teachers probably like ol' Friere. **Henry Giroux** is also a **critical pedagogy** individual who strongly believe you just tear down the construct of industrialized education to rebuild it properly. Also, this shouldn't be an act solely done by educators, but by the students themselves. He has a very "Damn "The Man"!" feel that speaks to me. In my thesis, I was inspired most by **James Paul Gee's** theory of **Big D Discourse**. The basics are that we all have discourse communities we are a part of, and learning how to manage each one makes us an effective member there, or NOT being able to function within the"language" of the community can also put us at a real disadvantage. For teachers, think of those recent postings about Finnish teachers coming to America. American education discourse revolves heavily around standards and testing. It can be difficult for a teacher from a country who doesn't stress that as much to fit in to our discourse community. Even here in the states, PBL has resurged, but educators who are staunch industrialists find themselves very uncomfortable and at a disadvantage when they can't properly discuss and implement PBL in a district driving it forward.
A lot of educational theory is based in a mix of study. Observing a group and then deriving themes based off of your notes. Quantitative in qualitative. But the many variables make educational theories hard to pull off as ideal. Teachers, admin, districts, state officials, students, parents, coaches...
Totally! Research is a crazy thing when it comes to observing people.
Yay whole child education! My boyfriend did his student teaching at a public Waldorf inspired charter. It has a remarkable impact on his teaching
I'm a huge discussion teacher, which is inspired from Friere and Giroux. I want to know what STUDENTS get out of a text before I explain higher concepts. Literature is a personal experience and what my students get out of it is individualized. I don't need to start at the standards, because I can adapt and embed when necessary. The standards were born out of what we naturally DO as teachers! I also switch seats for students continually. Often they are in groups getting to know one another and lead their education in accordance to what a project asks then to answer. I hate rows and asking for raised hands. I try not to have a "front" to the class. I try deconstructing the "standard" class so students can also consider breaking their expectations of education and figure out how THEY learn best. When it comes to Gee, I'm all about having students navigate different discourses. It combines with the idea of becoming a social agent of your education, like with Giroux and Friere. Write letters to papers! Email experts! Become a part of a discourse community that you aren't comfortable in to learn WHY that is, and how that informs where you think you stand in society.
You might just be in both piles! Get that interview on!
My SO has two years of experience, BTSA clear, and had to work an after school piano job this year. He could have subbed, but he wanted a consistent set of kids, so we sacrificed some income for him to get some solid teaching in. He has had interviews this year, but nothing still. It is incredibly frustrating. I finally got a job after like 7/8 interviews. It is grueling out here even if there is a shortage. I'm not sure why, but that's simply the way it is right now.
I don't look at standards until after I've planned something, honestly. I feel comfortable enough with my methods that I know I'll hit valuable material. I look after and see if there is something I might be passing over. I think it's just that I'm comfortable enough in my knowledge of key standards that I don't have to look at them or consciously consider them. It's like, just a natural implementation.
