I agree. Brady this year reminds me of Payton Manning in 2012 or 2013, playing at a crazy level, but I think in a couple years we'll start to see the decline more.
If anything, they Tennesseed
My Raiders don't really need an extra receiver, but if we picked up Leonte Carroo I would be ecstatic still
Marrone would be the best fit imo, he did ok in Buffalo and that was without a decent QB.
If I was a QB about to get drafted high, I would just refuse to play for the Browns Eli style. Until they decide to have a decent roster before grabbing a QB every two years, there's just no chance anyone could succeed there.
Smart move for this draft would be to trade down and take a WR or DB in the first, right?
One B1G championship? Yes, please!
If you just blow up the team for picks, you'd be in a better situation than us or the jags were in 2012 when we started rebuilding. It'll be a couple of years of pain before things pick up, but it not like the Browns are close to competing either way.
The Cowboys have been nothing short of outstanding and working with troubled players. They've kept Greg Hardy from getting into any trouble this year, same with Randy Gregory. Dez's biggest problem has been that PETA doesn't like his monkey. If there's one place Johnny can succeed, it's Dallas.
Too busy tweeting
The Browns should hire Schwartz. He turned the Lions from a 0-16 laughingstock to a respectable team that even made the playoffs. He won't be the best coach, but he could be a good stepping stone for the Browns to start to show some signs of life.
He can't be so stupid as to record a snapchat of himself in Vegas and not expect it to come out... Can he?
The best was at the half when they asked what adjustments Chip would make and he said none.
I remember seeing that all the time in 2013! He would just keep going backwards under pressure and either give up a way bigger sack than he should've or got lucky.
Hire Spagnuolo please! He would be a really great fit for the giants.
ESPN Las Vegas does not lie
Even though I'd be sad if the Raiders moved to LA, I at least know they'd be in good hands.
Can you imagine Djax and Maclin with Jordan Matthews in the slot in that offense?
I think Josh Ferguson should have a good performance and could get drafted somewhere in the 5-6 range. He played some great football at Illinois and could be a good third down back.
What's the answer then? Go full Browns and fire a coach every year or two? If you fire a coach after two years (one of which he made the playoffs) that job loses a ton of it's value and you get stuck picking up all the crappy coaches no one wants.
Vince Young, guy was really special in college and looked so good early on with the Titans. I thought he was gonna be a star.
He's not good, he's elite
Nobody but Al Davis would have taken him anywhere near that high though.
He'd be like this for the first three quarters then play well in the fourth
To be fair their is basically just Nuk
That makes more sense. I definitely agree.
I think that was Mallet this season
If he tore his ACL he definitley won't be back week one
I think Marrone or Schwartz or Mike Smith could be a good hire for a team like you guys who are just trying to become decent again, but teams that already have a QB and a good young core should look to getting a better than just ok coach.
Worked for Tebow
I think it depends where he's taken, the first is way too early, and I think even a second is a little high. He's not a good fit for the offence PSU ran the past few years, but that doesn't give him an excuse to look as bad as he has at times.
Lynch is from Memphis
I'd be afraid to become a Raiders fan and then move to LA
Is SEC bias over?
Is the LA money really gonna be better? Everyone there is a Raiders fan, and nobody is gonna care about the chargers, especially now that the Rams are in LA too.
On the bright side, if Spanos wins the powerball, all your problems are solved.
And Oakland
The wee-**duh**
Spanos will sell the Chargers and then the new owner will move to St. Louis.
&gt; He never stood FTFY
The floor for OSU is three loses. And I doubt that'll even happen. I think they lose to Michigan and Wisconsin. Maybe PSU or Northwestern, but I doubt it.
If Florida gets QB they could be dangerous, but Tennessee should be the favorite for sure.
Chip might pick up Bradford
If RG3 would just not hold on to the ball forever, he wouldn't need an elite O-line
They've got a bunch of pro bowl players on their roster, and have a ton of young talent. You realize Al Davis is dead and not being stupid with the team, right?
Doc figuring everything out is a big if though.
Tunsil to the Titans is being mocked by just about everyone
Every time they mention a scrappy gym rat catching the ball for NE
How else you gonna beat the Pats?
Andy Reid
I like what you guys are doing. Might as well go all out with the unconventional plans when you're in the hole you've dug yourself in. Plus Hue Jackson is an excellent hire.
Not so fast Carson Palmer!
Happy Valley is a good one about the Penn State scandal
It does sounds hella whiny from them, but that doesn't mean it's not true
Treadwell at four is really high
Little of the first, lot of the second
I think you guys would win, but if Brock was in and receivers could catch it could be close.
That whole game all I could think is how Jameis was about to lead the most amazing comeback ever
I'd like a mix between college and nfl OT. Whoever wins the coin flip gets the ball from the 50 and they have to go for 2 every time. If the other team doesn't match game over.
Sarah probably had to write a letter for her 8th grade English class
Chiefs don't even have a Superbowl lol Edit: I'm stupid
His throwing motion is gonna need to get quicker
1000+
Unless the Browns don't take a QB
Please Jim, we need this
He doesn't have quite the arm Joe Flacco has
The tickets are given away by lottery, so it'd be hard to get in day one. IIRC days two and three should be a lot less in demand, so you might want to just plan on those two.
Carroo?
30 point games are incredibly rare in college due to the fact that players generally have much lower minutes, so that's not quite as surprising as you might think.
So great to watch and then we choked against the Rockets and didn't get to play you guys in the final...
As in 25 mil?
You guys should have some more depth and with a strong running game and a QB better fit to your system you should be good. Plus OSU and MSU might not be as good next year.
Leonte Carroo is going to have a massive game, he might be the best WR in the whole draft
San Antonio though
Well according to his autobiographies he is at least
6th most interceptions of all time, I think he deserves it
Why the hell was Spagnolo starting Landon Collins at FS? Everybody thought he was a coverage liability and only a box safety (which wasn't true) before the draft last year.
Get a defense full of Clemson guys
I would not want to draft Lynch, unless we resign Bradford
Peaches at the peach bowl
Skip Bayless lol
Not Gronk?
Only if we signed Bradford to a one year deal or something. I don't like Bradford, but Lynch needs to time to develop. I'd rather wait to get a QB next year, I don't think anybody good for us will be at 13.
I'm not very familiar with the whole stadium situation. Instead of building a new stadium, why not just upgrade/renovate the O.Co? It'd cost a lot less, and Mark Davis wouldn't have to move (which I don't think he wants to)
Wait, who did you guys hire as your HC again?
We met in the first round two years ago lol
That's so Oakland, love it!
Verne and Gary
If the Broncos win the superbowl this defense will be up there with the Seahawks two years ago.
That's cause Flacco is just above average in the regular season, but transforms into an elite QB in the postseason.
No matter who wins this game I'm unhappy. Every play makes me sad.
This is a good way to end the game
They're not kicking an extra point lol
Bad news guys, this is the last football game we have of the season without Phil Simms commentating.
That's how you get downvoted 'round these parts
I'm glad we got rid of him
At least there's no Dan Fouts...? That's all I got.
How do you think he grades compared to TJ Yeldon?
Wow. Not elite Carson.
LOL What's your favorite pastry NFC Championship game?
Lance Stephenson blows
Get some good reps for if they need it in the Super Bowl
At least we wont be paying him for two more years lol
The amount of talent you guys have is unbelievable. Chris Harris as a UDFA? Virgil Green in the 7th? CJ Anderson as an UDFA? Crazy.
It really is a crazy situation he came from, really cool story. I just wish he was a little more humble, might've gotten him another ring or two and the ability to be in the GOAT conversation as well.
Hopefully anyone replaces Phil Simms
Comparing everybody to BB isn't gonna make many guys look good
Has McAdoo actually gotten minutes? I loved the guy at UNC.
That's his ceiling
When you see his speed and how he looks on the field it's hard to believe he's 300 pounds.
They're bad, but still better than Fouts or Simms.
Better O-line and running game, but Indy has crazy good receivers.
Plus Phillip Dorset lol
FREE LOBSTER BUFFET WITH EACH TICKET SOLD
Fuller's good, but he's more of a deep threat than anything else. Kinda like Devon Smith was seen as last year.
He's not quite the athlete Austin was, but he's certainly not too far off. Devin Smith got a reputation as a guy who could only go deep which wasn't totally true, that was just his best skill. I feel the same about Fuller this year, I just don't know if I think he's worth a first round pick. There's still a lot left in the predraft process though, so he could raise his stock to that point.
I've seen Robinson go as high as #3 in some drafts, which to me is ridiculous. When I watch his film, I see a solid run defender, but he doesn't overpower the O-line like Billings, Nkemdiche and maybe Reed do. You can make a case for Robinson over Reed or Nkemdiche (especially because the character concerns with the latter), but he's nowhere near as dominant as Billings is.
You're that high on him?
Literally no one here is saying that
He's a rookie though, there's a lot of room for improvement, I think people are just assuming he won't get much better even though most players are inefficient and bad defenders as rookies.
I wouldn't say Thompson is an offensive liability. The cavs have so much offence, they don't really need him to do anything but rebound and defense which he does really well.
He's not a power forward
Myles Turner could develop into a reliable second option. I see him playing at a LMA level in a few years.
You can also get the rights to foreign players who won't be able to play for a few years.
Could be Stephenson too
Debatable, but a valid opinion.
They took a second mortgage
Am I crazy for wanting Austin Rivers to replace him as a 6th man? He'd be a cheaper guy to sign, so we could go out and get a better starting SF.
I mean think about our best players. Blake Griffin punched a guy in the face, CP3 hits people in the crotch, DJ had that whole Dallas fiasco last year, and anyone who remembers JJ Reddick when he was at Duke probably still has some hate left over.
And he's bad against the run. Collins is so good against the run that it doesn't really matter though.
The worst thing is they have a few good young guys, and if they had those picks they could be really dangerous in a few years.
Are there any guys well known as douches who have led their teams to success? I know I've heard Kevin Love is a jerk, but he never led his team to the playoffs. Most guys who lead their teams to greatness are loved by at least their teammates, and even if not they seem to be so passionate about winning that they at least command the respect of their team. LeBron, Curry, Duncan, Kobe, KG, Dirk all fit in one or both of these categories. The only example I can think of is Dwight, and it's been a while since he led his team to the finals.
Stop leaving Draymond open for threes lol
Yes
So the starters can play the whole second half
Tristan Thompson looking like a PG!
Smh all those people who kept saying Love needed to be traded
He just won Cleveland a title, could get a lifetime extension
Varejao and Ezili both played awful, losing Bogut really hurt
Join CP3 Wade and Melo?
I really doubt LeBron would move unless he could get all his guys. Who knows though, problem is Blake's trade value is so low right now that we wouldn't get the best value for him. We'd probably still be able to get a good PF to replace him and some great bench guys, so I'd be down.
Happened with the Celtics years ago and Kendrick Perkins had to shoot the free throws (Perk's rookie year I think). The other team's coach picks a player to shoot IIRC.
I actually agree. JR making those contested threes when the Cavs were down brought the momentum right back to Cleveland. Love defense was super key, but if it wasn't for JR, I think the Warriors would've had a big lead.
My mom was convinced the game was gonna end in a tie and both teams would be crowned co-champions.
Green just got resigned last year
It would totally work. Curry and Thompson aren't ball dominant players, you basically have KD handle the ball and then if he can't get a good look pass it out to an open Curry/Klay. Plus KD is a team player, and he'd do anything to make his team better, even if it is a lesser role on offense.
I mean it's a bad trade for sure, I'm just trying to explain why anyone would think it makes sense.
Bulter, Klay and Redick are better players to have if your team already has a star player, Harden is a better player to have as your best player. A team like Indiana would probably rather have Klay than Harden because he's a better fit, but a team like Boston would love Harden because he'd *the guy* there.
Actually Indiana probably would do well with Harden. Hill and George are both excellent defenders, so they could really keep Harden to guarding the worst offensive wing, which he could actually do fairly well.
I agree with your points on him using players wrong, but that's his coaching. I think he's a good GM, he just makes a lot of really frustrating calls as a coach.
I think the Dunn rumors are just a smokescreen. Coangelo said yesterday that if they were to get another high first round pick (like the Celtic's) he would take someone who compliments whoever they take at one. So if they take a guy like Simmons who isn't a strong shooter, they'd take a good shooter with three (Murray), but if they took a good shooter like Ingram with 1, they'd take someone who could pass (Dunn). Unless the take Ingram, I think Murray's their guy.
Kemba is better than Bledsoe
Kyrie is better than Lowry, but Lowry is clearly a step above anybody else in that third tier.
Somebody keep the Cleveland fans away...
In other words the LeBron James comparisons are apt
&gt; He's soft asf too I didn't realize we we're talking about Dwight
Payne was just a rookie last year, so it's totally possible for him to improve to be a solid backup.
Maybe. I definitely wouldn't call him a lock though.
How is Knight on Defense? Suns games are never on, so I don't get to see any of your players.
I would think of Iowa as the B1G party school.
He got sacks, but he's so undersized that he couldn't do anything against the run. The numbers look good, and he has some flashy plays, but he was a net negative because he would get overpowered by offensive linemen. His stats might look good, but there's a reason he didn't make the roster, and it wasn't because he was gay.
Asik's contract is already bad enough, you don't need another one. I'm just not sure what you guys could do to improve as a team. Tank for a year and hope to get another high first round pick? Jrue and Tyreke don't really have a ton of trade value, so I'm not sure if it'd be a good idea to get rid of them for assets.
Pau isn't fast enough to be playing PF anymore. Although it would be improvement on Scola.
I agree that Conley shouldn't be in that tier, but Millsap is so underrated. He's a great defender (which Kyrie is not), and doesn't have any glaring holes in his game, definitely a top 20 player.
Jarvis Landry too
Like I usually don't like protesters, but this is pretty funny, and totally harmless. Definitely gives me an interest in their cause. Especially with NFL games since I don't mind it when a coorporation that does such sketchy stuff like the NFL gets inconvenienced.
Lol you guys have Ted Ginn
As the old saying goes, two PFs are better than one
Payne is terrible. Like he's probably the worst player on the Wolves bench, and that's saying something.
The joke is that the Rocket's dominated so much they're still hitting threes the next day
His win against the niners looked decent.
I mean one more year isn't gonna screw them over. It's not like there are any great qbs in free agency
And then back to LA
It's hard to predict team success unless you know what team they go to. Ball reminds me of Kidd, and Fultz reminds me of AI. I think they'll both be good though.
Then obj's iconic catch from a few years back wouldn't be allowed in. It's more about the content of the highlight then it's effect in the game.
True, but other than Capela, him and Ariza I can't think of another positive defender they have. To me that makes Brewer more valuable than a guy like Korver who they already have a lot of player like. Unless Korver's a good defender, honestly I don't know.
Maybe. It's hard to know for sure without giving it a try. I know it works perfectly on /r/nba but they have a few games every day rather than one day with 90% of the games for the week on it. I think it's worth testing out in preseason or something and then deciding from there, because there's really no way to know with a sub this big.
Bad Decisions is a bop though, probably my second favorite song on DW
You guys won the game though
He didn't even get flagged on that! That play triggers me so much.
Blake Sims is in the NFL? I would not think he could make it.
Unwritten's prechorus is ICONIC, the way it goes from quiet to louder and bigger just brings so much to the chorus when it finally hits.
I feel like vet. min or ring chaser contracts shouldn't count. It's more guys who got better after signing the contract like Curry, Klay, Dray if we're talking about the Warriors.
Sounds like you don't trust the process
Probably Butler, maybe crowder. Shut down may have been an exaggeration, but they could hold KD to 20ish and have everyone else score less.
You think? I think between all those guys and Stevens coaching they could get KD to average 20ish for a series. Like 22-23. Maybe I overestimate them though.
I mean I'm just saying they could lower his PPG for a series three from his season averages. Shut down was an exaggeration.
Didn't they have the number one D last year and Panther had the #1 Offense? 1-1 isn't bad.
Lol you guys got stuck with the next KD
I think I heard somewhere that he kept going to counseling even after the required time was over. That leads me to think that he really wants to change, and it's not just what he has to do. One of the big problems is that a lot of guys who come from low income backgrounds (not that it's not a problem everywhere) see DV at a young age and think it's normal. I don't think most of these guys are doing things to hurt others necessarily, but they're just mirroring what they've grown up seeing. Even more than being an individual problem, it's also a cultural problem, which makes it that much worse.
You have multiple smash mouth records?
Every game I see Delon is a DNP, what's up with him? I loved him as a Ute.
I'm not really sure what the Hawks are up to, but since they traded Korver I'd have to think they're gonna sell Milsap. If I'm the Raptors I can offer Poeltl and a solid wing/guard off our bench. What would you think about that offer? Also what are other realistic offers you could see from other teams?
Ah. Has he played much since being drafted?
KD is better in a vacuum, but I think it's a bit easier to build a team around Harden than KD. Like KD's playing his best overall basketball this season, but it's impossible to build a team like Golden State, while it's possible to build a team as good as Houston (if not a bit better). It's really close either way though.
I don't think Colts fans can make fun of anybody's o-line
I'm a Raiders fan lol, just switched to bandwagon. Also the Dolphin's line has been legit this season, big reason they're in the playoffs.
So the next Doc Rivers
When did Ginobili get traded to the Celtics?
Most of my coworkers who go to Dubs games every other week it seems even admit they've never cared about the team until just recently when they started winning. I know a few OG Warriors fans (and I love them to death), but I'd say a majority don't really care about basketball much. Basically if you wanna know if someone's a bandwagoner just ask them about Monte Ellis.
Also, Embiid seems like not only a great personality, but also a terrific leader.
That's very true. Blake's a gifted passer, but Simmons is probably better than him already. I see him playing a very Blake like role though, just as the primary ballhandler. He's got a solid midrage shot, and can rebound and pass the ball well.
Thing is Kanye's roots are making bold statements about politics. The only difference is that his main fanbase doesn't agree with his statements right now. I'm not saying I agree with a lot of what he's said, but politics have always been a big part of his music and life.
I live in the Bay Area, so maybe it's just me being from a super liberal area, but I've never in my life heard anyone make even a negative comment about an interracial couple. Even some of my extended family from the east coast who are very conservative have had a ton of interracial marriages, and the worst reaction I've heard is my great uncle was surprised at first, but once he saw that they loved each other and whatnot he was super supportive. I'm sure there's places all over where this is a problem unfortunately, but it's definitely an issue that is slowing fading away.
They're both good shooters and not great defenders. That's about it.
I think the connection was his brother is in one
That would be if he got stuck in the drunk tank
I don't think he was gonna retire anyways
Probably a Warriors fan too
I wouldn't be surprised if some of the Raidernation guys from wherever are troublemakers, but if you go to a raiders game in oakland, the fans in the black hole are as nice as they come, great people who love football.
Depends on the bench. Starters definitely could, that'd be the best defensive team in NBA history.
I'm guessing you're saying that because he isn't super accurate, but his accuracy isn't bad except on deep balls. He can complete all the short and intermediate passes pretty well, which is more of Chip's thing anyways.
The Knicks play way worse without Rose than win Rose. I'm pretty sure they have a winning record when he plays.
Last year a lot of the offense ran through Dray though. They've kinda got a Lebron-Kyrie thing going too. Green's led the team in assists the past two years.
They don't have a first rounder in 2018 though. There's a handful of borderline all stars who are FAs this offseason, I could see them making a big trade and a big signing with all cap space they'll have.
Don't act like he's not better than everyone you've got on the bench already
Man it's so hard to judge guys like Wilt and Russell. Like there's not a doubt in my mind they would've been great in today's NBA, but I have no idea if they'd be like Prime Shaq and Prime Dwight respectively, or maybe a little better or maybe a little worse. No way to know.
Brook's struggles on defense are a bit exaggerated, but he's not great on that end either, do the Blazers really want another not great defender? I'd rather get Noel or Whiteside.
Source?
Even Fournier?
Anthony Bennett isn't in the league though
I mean prime Noah wasn't bad on offense or anything, and he had the passing and rebounding skills of a 5. I guess Shaq's really the perfect fit, but among active players, Noah would probably be the best fit.
Lol all the Gunner fans are just gonna show up to root against Kroenke
He's JMM though
Dang I just checked, he's only 24? That's very impressive, I thought he was a few years older. Yeah if he could get any better that's like a prime Dwight level player.
Oh that's a good point. If we moved to Vegas I'd still root for the team, but if we moved to SF for some reason I'd be done.
Embiid won't be able to bang those tens without your help! Joel Embiid #NBAVOTE
Spunky?
A motion offense creates space for someone like Lonzo to work with though. He's just gonna need a good fit, and GMs are smart enough to know who works and who won't for their system.
Giannis has a case, Maybe Butler and IT, but even then probably not. Not that they're not great players, but Kemba isn't on the same level as CP3 for example.
The guy was a good scorer, but nothing else, if he can't score he's pretty useless
Man that's a hard one to say because we know what IT can do as the #1 guy, but we haven't seen Kyrie in that role. I'm of the mindset that Kyrie could put up similar numbers if he didn't have a LeBron, but IT is a proven great player as the best scorer on is team.
I mean the offense runs through him, he's the primary ballhandler, I wanna say Dantoni even officially said he was the point guard. What more does he have to do to be called a point guard.
Last year I'd agree, but this year Kyrie's improved his playmaking/distributing skills. It's just hard to say since Kyrie has an all time great player on his team. I get where you're coming from though.
Blazers are gonna have to find someone who can protect the rim if they wanna make the playoffs.
Man if you wanna hold every player to the standard of being fast enough to cover John Wall you're gonna be disappointed with a lot of player's defense.
That's our nickname over on /r/CFB
Yes, but I wouldn't want him playing it all game.
Most knicks fans I've heard from seem to think Melo would be better as a 4 since he's too slow to defend 3s. LMA as the main center wouldn't work out imo.
Nice list, but you forgot [the best SZA song](https://play.spotify.com/track/3oUSdLtRYOSvXcLMrHctv7)
CP3 &gt; Deron Wade &gt; Iso Joe Butler &gt; Old Truth Melo = Old KG (idk about this one KG could still play D, but Melo's a better scorer) Lopez &lt; Lopez Bulls would be better with that lineup imo. They'd have to get a new coach though.
He was really good in 2013-14 too, his team just wasn't as good.
Rose is the last think the Wolves need. Rubio's a pretty decent fit for the team in that he's one of the few plus defenders they have, and one of the few guys who can really distribute the ball. Rose's defense is not good, and he's not exactly a pass first guy either.
Devil in a New Dress is my fav
Can't argue with that. You guys confuse me because you've got a bunch of good players at every end of their career, so your draft picks are gonna have to work out if you wanna be contenders in the future.
It's barely even a rebuild since you had just one bad year. I wish I could see some of the young guys play more though. You're team's just too good to play rookies much.
I think you may be right. It's hard to tell though lol.
I think that these young players not getting as much playing time hurts their development though. I think if the Celtics keep doing what they're doing they'll stay a very good team in the east, but never a real contender.
The problem is fans never seem to be willing to blame anybody but Melo and Rose for problems. They have their issues, but so does everyone else. KP is gonna be in for a big surprise once Melo leaves and people start to blame him for stuff
Her liver failure makes her that much more attractive to him
31% this season, last year he actually shot 36.5% though
I don't think it's neighbors lol
The question is if you can call a rivalry after just two and a half seasons. It's warming up though.
Not Salt Lake, that place is beautiful
https://www.visitsaltlake.com/restaurants/nightlife/ Honestly people over exaggerate some stuff about Salt Lake though, there's still stuff to do. Like I'm not gonna argue it's up there with New York or Miami, but it's not like living in the middle of nowhere.
Yo I'm not saying they're equally good shooters, that was some other guy. Obviously Kyrie's a better shooter. And while Demar not being a good three point shooter isn't helping the team, it's not like it's hurting them either, they've got a great shooter in Lowry and it's not like Carroll can't shoot the three either. Tbh it's pretty impressive Derozen can score 28 a game without threes.
Honestly I just want to rest CP3 and Blake until the last few weeks because I'm so sick of our team dying as soon as the playoffs start. All I want is a WCF appearance, is that too much to ask!
Whoever wrote those articles knows nothing about the clippers then, that would be a terrible move for us.
Well yeah Harden's the frountrunner and should be. I just think IT at five or six in MVP shouldn't be a stretch.
As an Orioles fan Arrieta being as good as he's been was kinda lucky. It's a mix of us not being able to develop a starting pitcher, you have a great pitching staff, and a little good luck mixed in there.
I know there was a trade the Wolves were talking about involving Lavine and the fifth pick for Butler. Now I'm more high on Lavine then most, but I think that could've been a decent haul for him.
I've heard it pointed out a lot with European guys too actually. Someone like Porzingus is a pretty good speaker I think, especially if you consider he has less experience speaking English than most of the guys in the NBA.
Better not be Lauren Holtkemp
The NFL want to shy away from controversy as much as possible. I'm certain they would get upset if a performer yelled "Make America Great Again" as well. Bottomline is they want to make as much money as possible, and associating your product with politics is a great way to lose money.
Part of that's being the one seed though. Like even if the Celtics had another superstar and were contenders, they'd still probably be a two or three seed and only one of them or the raptors would play the cavs. You guys are probably gonna play the spurs/rockets, but it's not like you'll have to go through both to get to the finals either.
Man a few years ago we had the best games ever, but between injuries and the warriors going from good to great we haven't been able to win anything. This is the best clippers team ever (when healthy), so I'd give us a shot against anybody in the NBA. Of course that's from a fan's perspective, so take it with a grain of salt.
You still have some of the chemistry issues you had with Dwight though, like Pau at PF still wouldn't have been ideal, and while Kobe definitely would've had to do less, it's not like he wasn't still getting old, so you can't say for sure it'd work. It's definitely a big what if though, probably only second to OKC.
What about if you move? It's hard to stay a fan when the games are never on.
I think OKC would've been better than GS if he stayed though. Warriors would've lost all their depth resigning Barnes.
Yeah six songs are not enough. It's so random how I found her, I searched Sophie B. Hawkins on Spotify, and after typing in sophi I accidentally clicked her name instead, so I listened to whatever her top song was (I think Anchor), and I loved it. I think she's in the process of making new music rn, so I'm really looking forward to hearing that.
Winning a gold medal doesn't mean you're for sure in, but it helps the resume a lot. Like CP3 is still HoF, even if he doesn't get a ring, but a ring/gold medal make the difference for borderline guys.
I thought the second half was just ok. It Won't Be Soon Before Long is perfect for me though.
I mean I literally said they're better this year in the first sentence, they should win. All I'm saying is the team is a lot different this year than last year.
Iggy hasn't looked the same on offense this year as he did last year, livingston hasn't gotten that much worse, maybe a little bit though. KD's been impressing me with his rim protection, I've seen some nasty blocks by him, since he doesn't have to do as much on offense he's really upped his game on D. I'm just sick of hearing that the Warriors are exactly the same 73 win team as last year plus KD. You guys are still super good, but the team looks and plays quite a bit differently then they have before KD, for better or for worse (usually for better though)
Ok that's what I thought, are you guys starting to like Turner now? He was so bad at first, but from what I've seen he's gotten used to the offense and has reminded me of when he was a 6MotY candidate in Boston.
Sounds like Evan Turner to me. I've disappointed in his quote game with you guys though, he's gonna have to step that up.
Maybe Brandon Rush or Tyus Jones?
The daily talk threads usually don't have a ton going on, but maybe that's all they need.
Ah sorry, what do I know, only seen a few Thunder games. From what I've seen those three guys you've mentioned have looked solid, albieit not great either.
Saxophone is woodwind though
He did all the hard work defense, while Whiteside got the flashy stats and blocks
Sometimes Sax plays a brassy role, since it sounds like a mix between brass and woodwind, but because it's a reed instrument it's technically woodwind.
I mean some people are just greedy, so I wouldn't put it past him to wanna make even more than he already had. A lot of people who get their money illegally don't know how to manage it though and go broke a lot faster than they should.
Idk if anyone doesn't have Brady **at least** top five.
They just want their team to have a better chance at winning a super bowl
yes
Yeah but Harden never played D, can't reward a player for only playing half the game^^/s
Rose? Or was he a little later?
Plus one of our players would get arrested like every other week. I hate that guy so much.
It's not a scam, it's a reverse funnel system.
Time to become a hockey fan I guess
&gt;I think the majority of NBA teams don't like the Celtics FTFY
He's been bad with us this season, but if I can get him for a second rounder I think he could be ok off the bench for somebody with an absolutely worthless bench. Only problem is his contract is really, really bad.
We're not giving up one of the only reasons our bench has been good for the first time.
Ah ok. Truth would still balance the salaries then.
Patterson is key to the Raptor's success, they need him. Ross and CoJo are important too. So is Powell. They have a clippers pick or two to trade, and Poetl could get traded too. Maybe Sullinger too to match salaries, but those bench guys are important to the team's success, so if the Knicks want picks and Poetl they could make that trade, but idk if the Raptors would give up much else.
Yeah, he's like 14 mil for three years or something like that. If he was expiring it could be a solid trade, but his contract is pretty bad, and that's putting it nicely.
Kerr's been successful though, That's the difference between getting old man rondo to run point and Curry. I don't see Kerr as a super powerful coach. He commands the respect of his players in a much different way that Pop. Hoiberg hasn't shown that he can deal with big personalities though.
I didn't hear that, but if that's true, that's pretty bad, cause he never even really had any big players at Iowa St. If he can't deal with kids in Iowa, idk how anybody thought he'd deal with Rondo.
It really depends on who we give up, and how Melo plays. If we get olympic Melo, and just give up Rivers/Crawford I like our chances. If Melo wants to take over the offense and doesn't play with consistent effort, we definitely won't be able to beat the Warriors. If this trade actually went through I think there's a good chance we win the NBA finals, but I also think there's a good chance we turn into the 2012 Lakers.
Yeah health was a problem, but chemistry was a big issue as well. Melo could mess with the chemistry, and I don't mean that in a "Melo's a ballhog" way, but adding a guy like him is a big change, that could work either way.
Yo how are we gonna get neon dion?
Blake's easy to get along with as long as you're not an equipment manager lol. Obviously I'm optimistic that Melo joining our team would bring us to true contenders, but I don't want to sound too homer. I really do thing that CP3 would help Melo be ok with playing a more Olympic Melo role though. He'd have probably the best shot at a ring he's ever had, and who doesn't want to see him and CP3 finally make it to the finals.
That's so true! Wow, I've never even thought of that. CP3, Doc, Blake, etc.. they're all known for yelling at refs, and actually sometimes that costs us games. DJ though, he **never** does that! That's such a cool observation on your part, thank you!
No I mean he'd still be quite good, but he wouldn't be as good as DJ with us. Same goes for if DJ went to the Jazz.
Here's the thing. You hope to get a player of Butler's caliber with a number one pick. Either way you're taking a chance. You can either trade all your picks/young players and get a superstar and try to win now. With all the assets you have I honestly think you could pick up two all star level players and not lose any major contributors. Your other option is to focus on the young guys. Brown looks like he could be pretty good, and Smart has gotten better this year too. Plus you'll have a top pick in a loaded draft this year (and probably next year as well). But if you want to build around the young players and picks, why not trade the guys that don't fit with that timeline for more picks?IT and Horford aren't gonna be as good once Brown, Fultz, etc... are in their primes. Plus if you do get the top pick in this year's draft, Fultz will have to share playing time with IT, Bradley and Smart. Not giving Brown, Fultz and whoever else you want to build around playing time could hurt their development. Basically what I'm trying to say is if you want to build around youth, why not just trade IT and whoever else for more youth to build around?
I think they might mean two Celtics first rounders. That's a fair trade imo since they'd be like 20-30 range.
I wasn't even suggesting it, just asking why not from a Boston fan's perspective. Philly's probably a bigger market than Boston, so if you can tank there, why not in Boston? The one issue I have with relying on young players is that this year's draft is so guard heavy, and the last thing you guys need is another guard. Eventually you get to a point where you have so many young back court players that there's a loglam, kinda like Philly has with bigs. While they may be great of the bench, they could also be traded for a good starter.
Luxury is my fav song by her, but her whole first album is very good. She's not really big anywhere, and her Trump-esque twitter rants sure aren't helping her gain any more fans. Like if you think Kanye is a problematic artist, she makes him look like the most universally likable guy.
I suppose. 1-3 you guys already have Smart, IT, AB, Crowder, Brown, and it you add a Ball or Fultz or even Jackson it's still a guard or a wing. The only way I see you guys actually getting a great big is through a trade (maybe the 2018 draft too, but I'm not gonna pretend to know a thing about that)
I hate his stupid beard, was a big fan of his while he was still shaving though.
Nobody cares about a center enough to hate them
Idk if people would agree with this but give me Klay over Dame all day. Klay's shooting better, and still not too far behind in PPG despite playing behind two MVPs in Curry and KD. Plus Dame is a terrible defender, and Klay is pretty good.
He's still a very good defender at the very least
A big reason why NY fans might want to tank this year is they can get a really good point guard in the draft this year. Like even if they're not getting Fultz or Ball, someone like Fox is still a great possibility for them with a mid-lottery pick.
Imagine IT at 6'9" though, he'd actually be a solid defender along with doing everything he does now. Top 3 player tbh.
I mean we've got bird rights and the richest owner in sports. He's really good, and the perfect player to have with guys like Blake and CP3. Losing him and Rivers would basically bring our bench back to being really bad, along with possibly causing chemistry issues trying to get Melo adjusted to the system along with CP3 coming back.
Idk if you know anything about college football, but basically all the top teams pay their recruits somehow, they just seldom leave a trail to get caught. There was no solid evidence, but basically it was a known thing that all these SEC schools were in a bidding war over Cam.
They could probably steal a game.
I think if she's gonna break into the mainstream again it'd have to be similar to Mike Posner where he had a hit, fell off the map, and then came back out of nowhere with I Took a Pill in Ibiza. Idk if that means she has to make some super introspective song (tbh I'm not sure she knows how to write a song that isn't about boys), but I don't think she could really do much to push herself into the limelight, just keep making good music and hope something sticks.
Always liked watching Christmas at Syracuse, has he played well for you guys?
Dang the Wildcats might actually make the tournament this year!
Even Browns fans are making fun of 49er ownership, these are truly dank times we live in.
Yeah honestly I was surprised too. Bulls are a very confusing team.
Rose has been the best point guard you've ever had since... Well I don't remember actually. Problem is Rose is quite a bit older than KP, and I'd rather have someone who's prime lines up a little better.
That's fair, but this year is the best year to get a guard, that's why I'd go for it now. Monk, Fox, Fultz, Ball, Smith, they could all be all star level players imo.
I think you've got the wrong sub buddy
He'll double the time he gave the last coach!
That's what people say about literally any underachieving player.
I like the trade a lot for the Nets, but you guys need the rebounding, Lopez isn't great at that.
IT plays D the best he can, he's just too small. Westbrook plays D like most people in pickup where they either don't do much, or keep going for the steal. Would you rather have the effort, but very little production, or not much effort, but a little better production? One thing I will say in support of Russ this season is he's already being used so much, if he went 100% on D he'd probably just fall apart.
Have they even made an effort to improve screening processes? I think overall we've been doing a pretty good job (most terror attacks seem to be domestic here which is it's own problem), so unless they actually had a good plan to improve the system I don't particularly care for just putting it on hold without a next step. Maybe I'm just cynical, but even if you totally stop all immigration, I think we'd still have a terror problem from people at home. Especially with all the online stuff ISIS is recruiting people with. I'd rather focus on cutting it off at the source than just keeping everyone (both good and bad) out.
I thought the revised ban he wrote didn't keep people with visas and citizens out. I still think it was unnecessary, but I don't think it was unconstitutional. Although if anybody with a better knowledge of constitutional law than me wants to correct me, please feel free.
Bruh we got Austin Rivers, we're fine without CP3
I'd still rather have Jackson + picks than just Fultz
I'm gonna go against the grain here and say this trade is great for the Celtics. While Fultz is the best prospect in the draft, I don't think the gap between the top 3 is all that big. Plus the Celtics are already set at guard, so while Fultz is good to have, Jackson is a better fit. Plus either way they weren't addressing the big man problem, and this way they can use the Lakers pick next year to get a good frountcourt. The Celtics are fleecing anybody, but I think this trade is a win win for both teams.
I mean if they didn't plan on the trade until now, why bother? What they do post trade is a lot more relevant imo
Fair enough, but I still stand by my argument that Jackson +picks is better than just Fultz. The gap isn't that big, and at least the picks could help clear out the logjam
At a certain point picks aren't all that useful. Sixers already have a ton of role players, and Fultz is a really good pair with Simmons. I think this is the time to cash out those assets and finalize the young core.
Jackson's shooting has gotten better and better as the year progresses. His defense is already good too, and he's an pretty solid passer for his position. He's not that far behind Fultz if you ask me.
Jackson is a better prospect than Brown was though
I know OKC went from the lotto to 50 wins, and I could see the same happening iff Embiid plays all year. Part of why he hasn't played is because they're being extra careful, but big men (especially as big as he is) have a history of injury issues just because it's hard to stay healthy at that huge size.
KAT is gonna get better on defense over time though. And Embiid will learn more offensive moves too.
People on here should stop saying he's gonna get the supermax then. Good to know.
I'm in California, so once I see firsthand how legalization goes, I'll have a better idea of my actual opinion on it, but I think there is a big problem with how little research we've done on it. Because it's schedule I most studies are pretty inconclusive, if we could get some real, unbiased science done with it then we could have a good idea as to what it's really effective for and what it's not doing much for. At the least we should test it out and then legalize it for medical use when appropriate nationwide. I could care less about recreational since I don't use it, and I don't think anyone's entitled to get high, but for medical use I think it's a big problem that there are people who don't get the help they need because some of the archaic views on marijuana.
Yeah but this has been going on longer than that, and he hasn't done much to deny it.
I get that, my problem is just that he's letting this all get so public. It's like he's trying to get revenge on the Pacers.
The Cavs who have a bench with Deron Williams, Kyle Korver, Frye and RJ? They got tons of vets.
I mean yeah, but on paper that's a great bench. And they did pretty well last year.
Why would the Lakers trade for him if they can just get him for nothing next year anyways though?
I know what you mean, DJ is the same way, but still giving anybody that big a deal if they aren't at least average on offense just isn't worth it
You right
But Cavs without Lebron first time nobody else was interesting on the team, now they have Kyrie who's a pretty big name. Cavs won't be a total dumpster fire if they just try to retool and build around Kyrie.
I don't see him leaving for another 7-6 years
Here's how this conversation goes: Luke: "Hey Timmy, wanna take a pay cut?" Mozgov: "No" Luke: "If you don't take a pay cut something very bad could happen to you..." Obviously Mozgov didn't realize the consequences could be as severe as having to play for the Nets.
Community college is so cheap, I don't get why making it free is so good. A book for a course often costs more than the class itself. I'd rather see a focus on cutting costs at state universities, where money is being wasted big time and tuitions are going up for that very reason.
Ok. I think there are a lot of issues it'd be hard to get bipartisan support on, but stuff like breaking monopolies should be doable. Obviously there are going to be some stark ideological differences, but if we at least made the changes most agree on first then maybe we wouldn't get so much anger from the democrats when we try to pass more conservative healthcare legislation.
I have no idea what he's for honestly, he changes his mind on stuff all the time, it sucks. The point is that he did a good job appealing to the middle class and being a relate-able candidate. Whether or not he's actually gonna do anything to help the middle class is another question, but he obviously ran a very effective campaign considering just how few people took him seriously when it started.
Especially considering how high speed rail systems are so much more commonplace in some other countries, even once California's is done we're still gonna be way behind.
I mean you could hope that Russia liberalizes after Putin, but that would take some careful diplomacy, and a big change within Russia to occur. There's also the hope that China further liberalizes as they realize the economic benefits. Both seem very unlikely though.
So I forget where I heard this, but somewhere (I think in DC maybe) there was an initiative to get the older, more experienced teachers to teach at the lowest performing schools, and the younger teachers to teach at the highest performing schools. A really good way to get less inequality in the learning experience for those going to what are currently bad school (usually in low income neighborhoods). The teachers union didn't let this go through because the oldest teachers didn't want to teach at a school that wasn't the best they could be at. I know teachers at my school when I was in high school would get tenure ridiculously fast (like in a few years) and there were some terrible terrible teachers who should've been fired years ago. (Probably like 70% of the science department). So just issues like that are keeping bad teachers around and good teachers in places where they're less needed. Now whether or not that's the biggest factor that should change I don't know (and we also don't want to disincentivise people from teaching), but I think it is a good and important step to take to give the US education system a much needed boost. In addition to weakening unions for teachers I'd also like to see higher wages given to them (especially performance based if we can get a better method than just standardized testing).
So pretty much work to lower debt in a strong economy so there's more room to spend on stimulus when it's needed? How anyone who voted on that tax bill can still consider themselves a deficit hawk is a joke though.
With a unity ticket bipartisanship would've been present in writing the tax bill, so a lot of the more regressive parts of it would've been cut (ideally) and the good parts could've still been included. Lowering the corporate tax rate was something that was needed, and a lot of regressive deductions could've been removed as well. If you're running on a unity ticket though you wouldn't be able to get a way with a party line vote on a major bill like that. Same would probably go for healthcare as I don't think there's any democrats who would be ok with a repeal of obamacare.
Imagine if it was actually fire and fury
Dang Joe Kennedy is hot
It’s a high school
I kinda like it.
That's what I meant. That would be what republicans would get in exchange for citizenship for dreamers.
I wonder what policies they wanted to use to reduce sex out of marriage. Maybe anyone selling condoms would be required to give a stern look of disapproval before giving them to the customer.
LMAO you think they'd got for Howard SJW Schultz
I remember seeing actual voters from the party think differently (though I think much of that is on Trump for changing one of the only things the Republicans were better at). I remember seeing a lot more support from democrat senators for some of his tariffs than republicans though.
If lebron goes to the Lakers lonzo is getting traded for a guard who can win now
I could possibly see Lonzo and Deng for Kemba but even then Kemba is just on a 1 year contract now so I don’t think the value is there. I do think they’ll trade Lonzo if they land Lebron (They’d be in a win now mode if Lebron joins) and while Lonzo’s potential is terrific, Lebron needs a more consistent shooter next to him and Lonzo isn’t good enough to be a key player on a finals winning team. For Lonzo they could get another all star level player for a big 3 with Lebron PG13 and probably a good bench player or even starter alongside that. The bigger question though is who’s available for a trade that would benefit a Lebron led lakers team and be worth giving up the long term future for a chance at a ring now.
I still think if he went to another team he’d be a strong first option. I hope we get to see that one day.
Usually you get 180 days
I guess I just don’t see Lebron signing with a team unless they’re committed to going all in right now. Lakers give him that flexibility, but the roster is best built for the future.
Any of those ask subs are dumb. People should just be able to come over here and ask a question (which happens quite a lot). The only difference would be that they (hopefully) wouldn’t get downvotes as much even when it seems they’re asking in good faith.
Who’s voting?
I still don’t know what gamergate is and I’m proud to say I don’t think I ever will.
Why are people expecting AD to get traded? Pelicans just had their best year since he’s arrived, and should only get better.
Millsap’s contract is super expensive at 30 mil a year and while he’s still a good player he isn’t worth that much at all. Getting Kuzma gives them a good young player that fits perfectly with their team’s timeline. Both contracts run out the same year so Denver would be getting essentially 10 mil in extra cap room by switching out Millsap for Kuzma and Deng. For the Lakers they get a strong starting PF to play along Lebron and PG13. I actually think the Lakers are the team that would be more hesitant because they’re taking on an extra 10 million dollars about, but I think they’re also getting a huge upgrade from Kuzma and and unplayable Deng to a strong option at the 4 (and maybe 5 too? Idk if Millsap can play center at all)
Jamal Murray is gonna win most improved player
To be fair if the Rockets learned how to shoot in game 7 it probably would’ve been the same
Great offensive rebounding is the best way to take out a team like the warriors imo. When OKC was beating the 73-9 team in the playoffs their rebounding was why that happened, and the only reason they lost was because Klay carried the team to wins and KD/Russ got tunnel vision near the end. Same reason the Cavs beat the warriors is they took advantage of all those extra opportunities. With the warriors lineup focused on scoring so much an elite rebounding team can take advantage of probably their only weakness. The scoring just has to be there to match that, but winning the battle of the boards is a overlooked aspect to winning.
Or he just doesn’t want the stress of moving at this point in his life.
Is Evan turner really trash? I remember he was a solid sixth man in Boston.
Isn’t it not possible for him to be highest paid since he only signs short term deals.
Aldridge this year is kind of an example of this, though he had great success as the top option in Portland before Dame (since Roy often unable to play) he really looked washed up before this season and I wouldn’t have expected him to play as well as he did as the top player.
I mean I wouldn’t complain haha, I’m sure they’ll get better offers, even if it’s not from the Lakers.
Unless the rest of the team was awful then yes.
Every day I think that I’ve seen the worst possible trade proposal on here and every day this sub somehow manages to outdo itself.
Real talk: I’m sad to see Melo’s pretty much just a negative asset at this point. How the mighty have fallen.
&gt; The Spurs might not be in the playoffs next year This may be the first time these words have ever been posted on reddit
Everybody was getting big contracts that summer and Deng was pretty good in Miami before. I don’t think many people thought he would regress this much so fast. I actually was really hoping he’d either join the clippers at SF or play PF for the Thunder with KD after they traded Ibaka. I’m really surly he dropped off so much since the year before in Miami he looked like he had a few more good years left. If it was a year shorter or a few million less I wouldn’t have thought it was a bad contract at the time. Certainly not on par with the Noah contract because he actually looked bad in Chicago before that.
Maybe Ibaka would be a better fit
I considered him number five in their last year together. Maybe the year before that as well but KD was injured.
Since then he’s been pretty mentally tough I’d say though. He changed his attitude after that.
It’s more saying if he wants to get a ring.
Maybe he’s figured out the system to get approval ratings up. Pass an EO that creates a problem, wait for outcry about it, blame the dems and then sign an EO that undoes it all and take credit for the yuge win.
[Serious] Why are people acting like Dwight Howard is a HOF level player???
If Dwight is willing to ring chance he’d be willing to take a lower role for it. The warriors are a well enough run organization that he wouldn’t hurt their chemistry.
So did Hazonja IIRC. Not that I think he’ll bust or not, just that I’m not sure how important competition level is relative to skills and potential.
I actually really like Schroder and I’d like to have him on the team, but that would be a ridiculous offer to accept
MPJ's injury info must be really damning
At least it's not Allen
Great pick
Every time someone argues something about immigration or even sometimes just asks a question here they get rude responses even if they’re arguing in good faith. Just because benefits of more immigration is known universally here doesn’t mean everyone’s aware of the same info. It’s frustrating to see sometimes.
That’s how I feel. I think it’s probably a good move for both teams. Sucks that Bridges doesn’t get to stay home though.
That roster has a ton of flexibility. The team could trade for a lot of different players and easily get a team that’s up there with the warriors. I think it gives him the best chance to win now other than the Warriors.
Moist Monk sounds like a very fruity cocktail
Is monarchism liberal?
The two are not mutually exclusive
Username checks out
Idk why he’d go here, but I’d be down. I suppose if we got Kawhi it wouldn’t be out of the question.
They probably would’ve taken Young if he was there, but Sexton don’t really add great shooting so go with bpa and take Bamba
I could not imagine Bron and Paul Pierce on the same team
What is this r/worldpolitics sub that’s getting recommended to me, and why is it so sad that when I see “free speech” mentioned I assume it’s full of Trump fans.
Nice so it’s the worst kind of Trump supporters too. This is what I get for checking out what they’re talking about on T_D once in a while apparently.
Like he can’t think of a unique proposal that might be effective? We’re just all screwed. Put on the thinking cap little Marco.
Mamba’s plan
Tbf pre warriors lakers were always a strong team. When they were slumping I saw a lot of clippers fans pop up (who then became warriors fans two years later)
Is Amare HOF? I feel like he’s borderline.
This is the same thing that people said about PG13 and there’s still talk of him staying in OKC. If Boston wins the title (a possibility if Kawhi is back to form) I really don’t think he’d leave
I really hope no team moves. The only reason it seems like the league is too saturated is because max contracts artificially keep talent together rather than spread it out. Either way I hope no team moves so people don’t have to lose their team.
Mark was a bad coach but he was pretty solid at developing talent. He just couldn’t use it right.
I hated the move when it happened, and so did a lot of people. Butler’s timing doesn’t line up with the core at all. While Lavine was injured plenty of players have come back from and ACL and kept form. At least you got back to the playoffs though, but it seems like wasted potential.
To be fair it would be hard for defenses to guard dray like an elite shooter since they already had two other elite shooters to guard.
I was referring to 2016
Probably Will Barton’s big decision. The whole league is waiting for him to make a move before anybody else decides.
He was just screwing with morons on twitter
You can’t have an underrated team without Mike Conley
I think with Miami the NTC wouldn’t be a problem. I can’t think of any other trades that would be more possible.
Who?
Or if playoff Rondo went off against your team
He dirty and flops as bad as anyone in the league. And whiny. And he’s one of my favorite players.
Westbrook’s career numbers will still improve though. While his resume right now may be borderline by the end of his career it’ll be a lock. With Rose you unfortunately can’t say the same.
Netflix actually makes (or at least made) DVDs as I just learned this week.
I think it could stop abortions if demand was very low and consequences high for doctors that might perform them illegally. Most countries where abortions are illegal tend to have a much lower rate of abortion than those where it is. It won't stop every one of them, but I think that combined with extremely easy access to birth control and sex education would get the rate extremely low. If you think there are other, more effective ways to do so, I'd be happy to hear them, I could care less about the actual laws, I'd just like to see the result.
I think it was Boehner who said they'd rather have everything tear down right now than keep going on the path we were headed. I don't think they care about the consequences.
My history professor last year promoted this as an "interesting possibility" that more people should know about.
"He was a great man. Great man. Very good. I sometimes wonder how great he was if he could lose an election to the crooked Clintons, but that's ok. I remember thinking, what a horrible thing, he promises for no new taxes and then raises them. Not very smart. I've done a great job folks cutting taxes. You wouldn't believe how many people. I think I've even heard that it was the greatest tax cut in human history. Many people have said that too..." Something like that.
Very good to see violence in Africa falling. I hope next to occur will be less corruption and more respect of individual liberties by governments there. Strongmen across Africa have been ruling very harshly and sucking their country into a Chinese debt trap to enrich themselves with no regard for their people or the future sovereignty of the nation.
&gt; Chapo post on the top of r/neoliberal &gt; H.W. dies Let me know if you need help understanding what the implications of this are.
Wasn't he a default flair before politician flairs got banned? I'm pretty sure he was my flair when I first got here.
After spending ten minutes going through twitter to see what people are saying about Bush I can't believe people actually use this platform consistently. I'd be so bitter and angry at everyone if I did this even once a week I feel like.
I've never used it before extensively but it's just amazing the kinds of vitriol I see on there. I wonder how much it contributes to polarization since it's not the biggest platform.
I just wanted to read celebrities and politicians all say nice things about Bush, not a bunch of rose emojis who don't understand foreign policy.
He also promoted the conspiracy that pearl harbor was an inside job. Taking that class made me understand a little bit the right wing narrative of leftists taking over college campuses.
Because HufPo gets more traffic from cons who hate read it then actual progressives.
Is there some sort of regulation that mandates the EU not buy US LNG? I thought EU just bought Russian gas out of convenience, not because American gas isn't a viable option.
Yeah that's about what I thought, I know trump pushing for EU members to import more US gas is one of the good things he's pushed, but until there's significant reason for them to not buy Russian I don't see that problem going away. By the time that happens as well I think it'll already be too late.
Eh not nearly as much. Most democrats seem very interested in criminal justice reform, and one of the only bright sides of the tea party was it really moved a lot of the GOP away from that. Tom Cotton and some other republicans I know still oppose it, but there's certainly a majority of the country;s legislators in favor.
They literally just did a few weeks ago iirc.
Beto' biggest accomplishment is losing a senate race. I wouldn't mind him being president, but I also don't think he'd win.
What's the deal with all this hog stuff I keep seeing here?
Is there no vp age limit?
I've seen so many people talking about her running for president it's amazing people don't know how to count to 35. Honestly republicans should just push to get rid of age limits so she can run and hand trump an easy win.
Uh one big reason immigration reform didn't pass was because trump didn't want a bill that wouldn't cut legal numbers. He pretty much could've gotten the wall for DACA at one point but didn't want it. A lot of Fox News people are going viral complaining about legal immigration and changing demographics too. The party as a whole I don't think has advocated a cut to legal immigration, but certainly there are many prominent voices doing just that.
Whether or not they're a state the people should have representation. Whether that's a state of its own or something else isn't important I think.
I think this is actually one of the hardest problems to fix. Chinese students being spies is actually a major problem and it's been shown to happen many times. At the same time getting the brightest minds in China to come over here and become exposed to democracy is great for the world and can give us some great people in the workforce too. No matter what happens though there'll be a global times article about how America is racist against Chinese by fretting over these spies, and some folks on the looney left will take that as fact whether or not it's true. It's a very tricky problem to solve though because while security is important you also don't want to overreact.
This explains all the Americans calling nazis leftists, they just forget to convert to imperial!
Can any Chinese speakers tell me if my grammar here is right? 她妈妈一点喝也不酒。 I remember the negative with 一点 and a verb being different than with an adjective, but I don't remember how.
I don't think there's any group that disgusts me more than people who attack others for volunteering in an orphanage or adopting children because they're promoting imperialism.
Elaborate? As I see it adopting someone who'd otherwise be impoverished is laudable in any circumstance.
The libertarians I know irl are definitely not trump fans. Precisely because they think he's kept big government alive and especially hasn't massively cut the military.
Yeah but who loves LBJ even like moderate Dems I don't hear praising him much. LBJ wasn't awful but he's done stuff that both sides of the aisle don't like for different reasons.
I just looked at LSC and a bunch of people were saying they'd never support AOC because she's just in the pockets of bankers. As the far right gains a stronger voice it's always a relief the far left is far to stupid to gain any real power. I really wish the alt right was similarly idealistic.
Reactionary is a much more useful term here
There‘s a fear that all their legislation will get blocked by the courts once they get a majority。 It's beyond ridiculous that anyone's talking about it even before that hypothetical problem can even possibly come up.
It seems very unwise to have presidential succession go through anyone in congress, it should just go straight to SOS. I wouldn't be shocked if Pelosi turned down the job to avoid making it look like she was just out for power anyways.
I still feel that way everyday tbh
Smile and nod
It's like he's trying to get trump another term...
Steve Bannon
Usually that just the islamists though. Maybe some farther left activists too I guess. The right wing anti semites I don’t think share views with those groups though other than not being fond of Jews.
How has Trump not yet tweeted “Looking at returning the very strong US Dollar to the gold standard. Dems have decided to abuse the Fed to crush my economy, only gold will save our great country!”
I mean he certainly could’ve been more hawkish than he has been. Though I haven’t seen as many of the Assad apologists supporting him anymore.
Pretty sure we’ve always been calling Liz a succ. She was anti TPP because it would hurt the American worker lol.
I don’t anticipate her winning or anything but I think it’s too early to tell. One good debate or a policy point that really sticks is all it might take for her to win.
Nixon was robbed in 1960
Who hates on the nog?
Ye is easily the better choice there
In 2024 when there’s GOP debates they should just set it up like Ben Shapiro debates where each candidate goes to a college and whoever owns the most libs gets the nomination.
Zoomer rappers and anime, name a more cursed duo.
What if Bolton comes with a guaranteed invasion of Iran?
We just need the return of Roy Moore
I think in the 90’s they were liberalizing a bit. In the mid aughts I think I remember full European integration looking likely. At the time it would’ve been a bad choice.
It’s just a dumb system, especially with the winner take all aspect. A bunch of republicans in CA know their vote will never matter and same for democrats in some deep red states. It makes elections come down to maybe tenish swing states instead of candidates who appeal to the country as a whole.
Does government shutdown mean ICE shutdown?
Probably not shut down or anything like National Parks though? Too bad.
US should stay in Syria
Some of them are. Kansas governor obviously wasn’t, but some also have been. Democrats are a similar mixed bag on the budget. There’s exceptional examples on both sides of poor budgeting on the state side, but also good budgeters on both sides of the aisle.
I guess. Just weird that someone would enjoy making themselves look bad and everyone else feel uncomfortable.
Some things are difficult to bag though.
With all the PLA soldiers it would've been very difficult to win decisively.
It's realism vs constructivism right? Neocon was just one of the options for that survey and I know on Tuesday I generally see more neocons than anything else.
What concessions should be made? Big cuts to immigration? Might be popular for the party but not the general public. Healthcare? The freedom caucus thought the bills last year didn't go far enough in cuts and those were extremely unpopular. Abortion hasn't been a big driving force for republicans as of late so I don't think that's a winning issue for party unity. Gutting Medicaid or social security isn't gonna be popular either. I don't see what issues can be popular that they support. I know Amash is in the freedom caucus and while he's a mixed bag I think there are some aspects of him that could represent the future of the GOP, but he's also one of trump's bigger critics. The freedom caucus fights the establishment but I think the only reason they get elected is from angry rhetoric and not actual policy. Rhetoric is why trump is popular too, and i think right now that's what the GOP has been doing more than anything. I don't think freedom caucus members are gonna stay around if the party starts having these major defeats, pretty much everything they do is highly unpopular except among their hardline base. Republicans should've never let them in the party to begin with, they were good at winning elections and primaries but they're awful coalition builders since they won't vote for anything and then deals have to consistently be brokered with the Dems to keep the government open. Less hard right freedom caucus folks would mean more conservative policy br]ding passed since all they want to do is virtue signal instead of doing their job.
I don't think it really makes as big a difference. All the crazy stuff he'd just say at rallies instead. With twitter at least it's easier to share.
That's been going on long before anybody cared about Bernie tbf
I thought I read a few months ago they were trying to emphasize communism more since liberal philosophy had been getting to popular in universities. Though I suppose to them Xi Jinping thought is the only valid form of communism anyways
