I doubt it. If this was the case, we'd expect people who drink, say, wellwater to look significantly different. But seeing people in rural vs urban areas, I don't see a significant difference, suggesting that environmental estrogens aren't a major contributing factor.
The real reason is that males benefit more from variability than females do from an evolutionary standpoint. Females can only produce so many offspring, but a very successful male can produce far more offspring by mating with large numbers of females. Thus, there is an evolutionary advantage to males being more variable, because a highly successful male is going to have, say, 50 more offspring, while a highly successful female is going to have, say, 2 more offspring. Thus, males are rewarded more for being successful than females - but also punished more for being failures, as a male can easily produce zero offspring, while most females will produce at least some baseline amount.
Uh, there's a big difference between 1 in 292,000,000 and 1000 in 292,000,000 (or 1 in 292,000) - you're a thousand times more likely to win. That doesn't mean you're LIKELY to win, but suggesting you aren't at all more likely to win is nonsense. The reality is that you should never buy lottery tickets because it is always a losing proposition - on average, you will always lose money.
Lottery income is treated exactly the same way as any other income. Why wouldn't it be? If you live in a place where it isn't, it is because they're already taking off the taxes before they give it to you - you just aren't aware of it because you don't see the backend of it. $800 million taxed is no different from $480 million tax-free.
It was from South Park.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect 1,000/292,000,000 is EXACTLY THE SAME as 1/292,000. Use a calculator if you don't believe me; both come out to the exact same number (~3.4 x 10^-6). This is basic elementary school math here. Do you not think that 9/27 is the same as 1/3? If you have a common number in the numerator and the denominator, you can divide both the numerator and the denominator by that number and get the exact same fraction. Another way of thinking about it: If every one of 292 million people bought a lottery ticket with a different number on it, then there would be a 100% chance of someone winning, with each person having a 1 in 292,000,000 chance of winning. If 292,000 people bought 1,000 lottery tickets each, with no duplicate numbers, that would be 292 million lottery tickets purchased - the same as in the above case - and again, there would be a 100% chance of someone winning. Ergo, the odds *must be* 1,000 times greater. Obviously in real life, people buy lots of duplicate lottery numbers, so even if 292,000,000 tickets are bought, you don't always get a winner, but if you're buying all the tickets, then you won't get any overlap because you know what numbers you picked.
Because the only people who can be trusted to capture him are exactly the sort of people who won't extrajudicially execute people.
Flash is a great program for animation. What you get out of it is what you put into it, as with all things.
Relevant: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/2t1b9p/wp_its_the_year_2057_queen_elizabeth_still_reigns/cnuto8u
What qualifications do you think would qualify someone to criticize politics? Absolutely anyone is entitled to do so. Fox can put whoever they want on the air. Freedom of speech. Doesn't mean anyone has to watch.
It would be a bit more convincing if he didn't blow up children in other countries on a regular basis. It is, at the very least, hypocritical.
Yes, I'm talking about sub-Saharan Africa, which I hope was obvious from the context. Given that the Egyptians may well have been the first civilization to invent writing (and was certainly ONE OF the first), I'm talking about the sucky part of Africa. Obviously major civilizations existed in North Africa (Egypt, Carthage, ect.) and had writing. And yes, the Horn of Africa had writing as well (Ge'ez for instance predates the Roman Empire). There was writing in sub-Saharan Africa prior to colonial times, but the locals didn't seem to do much actual writing - despite Mali, for instance, having the Qur'an, they didn't write down local histories and suchlike for some reason.
How many applications does each facility send in, though? From my experience with grant applications, research groups are constantly writing grant applications. If you come up with four projects and only one is approved, if that one project occupies your whole staff, you aren't missing out on anything. In my experience, this is generally how such things work - they overapply.
It is a bit more complicated than that - remember the OJ Simpson case, where the jury basically found OJ Simpson innocent because the defense discredited the cops? Just because someone is a bad person doesn't mean they're lying about everything. Do you think that the sexual history of rape victims should be admissible in court, on the grounds that the "victim" was a slut and repeatedly engaged in similar sexual conduct?
Incorrect. Waivers are indeed legally binding unless they are improperly or illegally formulated. Being terminated illegally, and then signing a waiver in return for a severance package, is in fact legally binding and you can't sue. On the other hand, the rock climb example is very different. For one thing, it is preemptive; for another, it is a matter of what is known as Assumption of Risk. Climbing is an intrinsically risky activity, and you are assuming responsibility for the risks you are taking; if you choose to engage in some risky activity, that is on your head, not theirs. On the other hand, negligence does not fall under the standard assumption of risk, and attempts at waiving such would generally fail. Indeed, you cannot waive any state law or public policy. Note, however, that they could, after their rock wall fell apart and hit you, offer you money in exchange for a waiver of further civil liability. If you signed THAT, then they would be immune to further suits (though if what they did was criminal in nature, they would still be criminally liable). Note that this sort of thing is what a settlement offer basically is - agreement to drop a suit in exchange for compensation.
Not a lawyer. Bunch of my friends are, though. Happens when you go to Vanderbilt. :V &gt; If a cop is committing a crime during the investigation, is there anyway the defense could ask that the actual evidence not be admissible? If so, is it probably that motion would be granted? The question is always whether or not it is relevant to the case. It is a general rule you aren't allowed to admit things which are unrelated to the case, but if it is something is probative to the facts of the case, it may be admissible. The logs angle is going to be probably specifically what is important here - if a bunch of stuff was seized from his home and not recorded, then it is legitimate for him to argue that the logs of what they claimed they took from his home are untrustworthy. This is a chain of custody issue. However, the most likely argument here from the defense standpoint would be even before the trial to argue that the chain of custody has been broken because the logs are unreliable and there's no way to prove that the evidence seized matches up with what was actually taken from his house because of the inconsistencies in the log, and therefore the evidence should be suppressed. This would probably ruin the prosecution's case. Even if they failed to get it suppressed, presenting evidence that the logs were tampered with/fraudulent may be enough to trigger "reasonable doubt" in the jury. This is the sort of thing which is likely to be admissible in court - it calls the facts being presented into question, facts which directly pertain to guilt and innocence, and therefore is likely to be probative and relevant. It may be prejudicial in a sense, but it is hard to argue it is unfairly prejudicial because the chain of custody is so important. On the other hand, a police officer stealing money from his wallet seems less likely to be relevant. That's flat out criminal activity, but it has no particular bearing on the suspect's guilt or innocence as relates to drugs. Does the cop stealing money from the suspect have anything to do with whether or not the guy was dealing meth? This is known as being probative - basically, the evidence in question needs to be relevant to the factual legal questions of the case. Being the victim of a crime doesn't have any relevance to whether or not you committed an crime yourself. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relevance_(law) Another issue is whether or not the evidence in question is unfairly prejudicial - basically, "Oh, that cop is a criminal, therefore this person should walk." That's not a valid chain of legal logic, and the fact that so many people immediately jumped to it in this thread is a good example of exactly why such evidence might be excluded - it has no bearing on the suspect's guilt or innocence, and is instead being used to play people's emotions.
True. Median income for a man working full time is a bit over $46k/year. Bit lower for women.
It could be easily changed simply by organizing a push against it with lawmakers. The problem is that there is little organization behind restructuring or eliminating civil forfeitures. On top of that, raising taxes is unpopular, and it would be necessary for departments which are substantially funded by such things.
Seriously, being sad over the deaths of people is stupid anyway. It won't bring them back to life. This is why you have to have a wake where everyone tells funny stories about the deceased.
They get something for their money - an educated workforce, as well as advertising, both to students and to the world in general. Making charitable contributions is a form of advertising. That's why companies do it in the first place (well, on top of actually wanting to do good things).
You totally choose who your voting base is by who you are targeting your appeals towards. Moreover, they've been lying to their base and riling them up against the government for years. A lot of this radicalization is a result of their own whining and complaining about how awful the government is. It is hardly surprising that their base believes it when the party has been going on about how evil Obama is for so long. They refused to nip things like birtherism in the bud properly. They refused to stand up strongly when they needed to do so. You call down the thunder, now reap the whirlwind, as they say. They CHOSE to rant and rave and to encourage their base to listen to crazy people because them liberals can't be trusted. Radicalism is not conservatism; in fact, the two are diametrically opposed. But they refuse to articulate this.
The world economy isn't doing "shitty as fuck". If you believe this, you don't live in reality. So, let's be clear here: the economy? Pretty awesome. Anyone who claims that wages have been stagnant since the 1970s is either a lying scumbag or someone who has no clue what they're talking about. Here's reality. Not fantasy. Not bullshit. Reality. The computer you are writing this on would have been worth tens of millions of dollars in the 1980s. Possibly in the 1990s, depending on how nice your computer is. Tens of millions. All for what, a thousand bucks? Less? Look at cars today. Not only do they have far more features than cars in the past, but they have vastly better gas mileage and are safer, AND last longer - average car age has been going UP for years as cars have become more and more reliable. Our phones are things which were simply not available long ago, and which were very valuable back in the early days - and ours are vastly better, each containing computers that puts 80s supercomputers to shame. And they connect to the World Wide Web, which contains a ridiculous storehouse of human knowledge which is vastly more accessible than any library, can be accessed instantly from anywhere, fits in your pocket, and and allows you to instantly communicate with anyone anywhere else on the planet with voice and video. Everything we have today is better than it was in the past. We are vastly, enormously, overwhelmingly materially wealthy compared to our predecessors. Living like someone from the 1970s would make you poor by today's standards. But the thing is, this wealth is invisible to a lot of people. They just are incapable of understanding it. They see wealth as being a rich idiot with no day job. But that's not what wealth *is*. You are wealthy. Compared to the vast majority of humanity, and compared to the history of humanity. But you aren't a rich idiot with no day job. We do still need to work. But our money buys us more today in terms of awesome stuff than it did historically. A $30,000 equivalent car in the past is nowhere near as good as a $30,000 car today. This sort of insane deflation is invisible to folks, though, because we see it as a car, not as a "ridiculous luxury vehicle", even though, by historical standards, it is. Unemployment in the US is low, and people have jobs. We produce vast amounts of wealth. People are better off today than they were historically. People just love to whine and be entitled. Yes, we're not all rich idiots with no day jobs, but that's not what wealth is.
This is the main reason why casinos even allow blackjack to be played at all - most people who play blackjack are bad at it.
They're both deeply dishonest acts. And frankly, if someone cheats on tests, why would you expect them not to cheat in relationships? Cheating, after all, is in part about not getting caught, and not caring about what harm you might cause to others by doing it.
The only people who starve in America are children who cannot feed themselves and are neglected by their parents, and idiots who refuse to apply for government aid and are too proud to seek other forms of food assistance. We spend enormous amounts of money every year making sure of this fact.
SJW.
I got that it was Einstein and the Jews, but I wasn't expecting it to be Stormfront.
That's because people are idiots. The reality is that the best books ever written were probably all written after 1980, simply because people are so much better at everything these days. I'd be surprised if the best book ever written wasn't written within the last 15 years.
Ironically, the first recognizable picture of an individual human being is a selfie.
To be fair, worrying about crimes happening in other countries tends to be fairly low priority.
Because of geological activity and erosion. The Earth has an atmosphere, which means we have weather. We have running water, which over long periods of time breaks down rock. And we have active plate tectonics, meaning that the Earth's surface moves around and stretches and is smooshed against itself. We even get new surface over time, as old surface is pushed underground and melted and recycled. The net result of all this is that craters disappear over time on Earth, while on the Moon, they stay intact. The Earth actually has lots of craters, they're just mostly invisible now unless you use special instruments to detect the hidden underground changes caused by craters. If you look at Mars, you can see it is much less heavily cratered than Mercury or the Moon. This is because it also has an atmosphere. But it has more visible craters than Earth, because it doesn't have much water and doesn't have its surface recycle itself and move around and stretch anymore.
The Supreme Court previously ruled that the fetal viability standard was the law of the land. They did not revisit the ruling. Ergo, the previous ruling about fetal viability (which IS a Supreme Court ruling) still stands. Please read posts before complaining about them.
You must think coal is a great Christmas tradition too.
Pretty much zero. $23 billion is more than the company is worth, and is incredibly excessive. The DOJ is seeking $900 million, which is more achievable. They'll probably settle for less than that. It will likely hurt, but $23 billion for phone calls? No.
1) Fines are on top of forfeitures. If you profit from an illegal business practice, *all gains from said practice are forfeited*. This is *on top of* the fines. 2) Being fined is bad publicity. 3) Being fined tends to cost much more than you think it does. The company is worth only $22 billion. The DOJ is seeking $900 million in fines. For comparison, if you had a net worth of $200,000 (say, you owned a house), that would be the equivalent of a fine of $8,000. Do you think that wouldn't hurt?
Another thing worth noting is that the Do Not Call list does not apply to, say, Dish making business calls to its customers about actual business stuff (renewals and subscription fees). So it isn't like you're just dealing with one set of phone numbers here - you've got at least the people you're soliciting and the people who already have business with you. The best people to call would be, I'd wager, people with a historical relationship with your company but who have no such relationship anymore. This would be an easy way for someone who was unwary to get numbers they're not supposed to call on their call list.
The topsoil isn't dangerous. People just lie to you and tell you that it is in order to scare you and to get money out of you.
130 year old houses suck.
How am I a conspiracy theorist? What conspiracy theory did I advocate? Do you even know what a conspiracy theory is? &gt; A conspiracy theory is an explanatory or speculative hypothesis suggesting that two or more persons or an organization have conspired to cause or cover-up, through secret planning and deliberate action, an event or situation typically regarded as illegal or harmful. What conspiracy am I claiming? &gt; I will never bother to actively look up information on this murderer, and hopefully the media censors themselves because morally it is the right thing to do, as proven time and time again by the thousands of people who study rampage murderers. First off, you're lying. You're in this thread, proving that you are interested. If you weren't interested, you wouldn't be here. Secondly, suggesting that the press shouldn't report on things which contradict your world view is deeply evil. &gt; If you truly believe that the world would be a better place if CNN, Fox and CBS were all up there feeding the United States full and complete coverage of the story in order to prevent corruption because you genuinely fear that the community can't handle their own business, then you have a very flawed and narcissistic view of humanity, as a whole. I don't think there's anything wrong with them doing it. If you really think this is none of your business, please leave and never come back.
The US homicide rate is undoubtedly much higher than that of most other developed countries. However, the US is not a uniform place; homicide rates vary widely from state to state. The state with the lowest homicide rate is New Hampshire, with a homicide rate of 0.9 per 100k - lower than Canada, France, and the UK. The state with the highest homicide rate is Louisana, with 10.3 homicides per 100k - roughly equivalent to Haiti. My hometown has a homicide rate of 1 per 100k per year. Somewhere in the realm of 40% of the local population owns guns. And many of the homicides done here are done by outsiders - people who don't live here. A lot of people make the assumption that the US has very high homicide rates, but while this is true nationally, it isn't really accurate - the homicide rate varies immensely from location to location, and some locations are responsible for a huge fraction of overall murders. And even within those locations, different ethnic groups have very different experiences. For instance, the white homicide rate in the US is about 2.3 per 100k, which would be on the high end for a European country. The black homicide rate in the US is north of 30 per 100k, worse than Mexico. Blacks, only 13% of the population, are responsible for (and victims of) about 50% of homicides in the US in any given year. Guns actually play little role in it - if you graph homicide rates on a state-by-state basis, there's no relationship between gun ownership and homicide rates. Indeed, blacks own the fewest guns of any major population group (only 19% of blacks own guns), but commit the most homicides, while whites own the most (43% of whites own guns) and commit far, far fewer (only Asians commit homicide at a lower rate than whites in the US). The states with the lowest homicide rates - Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and Hawaii - have wildly variable gun ownership rates, with the first three having high rates of gun ownership, and Hawaii having the lowest in the country. &gt; How about the number of people that died? The number of people who died in the US in mass killings is vastly, vastly, vastly lower than 5%. The US mostly has mass shootings. Bombings kill far more people, and make up about 2/3rds of mass killings globally, but bombings in the US are actually pretty rare. For the record, the second and third worst mass killings in US history involved bombs. The worst, of course, involved box cutters. And planes.
Incidentally, I love this: &gt; Hydrastaic test is not necessary when: &gt; 1. The foetus is born before 180 days of gestation. &gt; 2. The foetus is a monster. "I'm sorry, it appears you've given birth to an orc." EDIT: FYI, in case you're wondering, "monster" is (or at least, was) an actual medical term for severely deformed babies.
Given that pretty much everything will probably be recorded in this future, the cases aren't going to hinge on very much supposition - we'll have the data on the incidents taken from the car's databanks. It will be very clear who is at fault in many cases. If the driverless cars are designed well, it is likely to be the fault of the pedestrian far more than it is the car. And given that the whole thing will likely be on video tape, with a recording of the car's performance, I have the feeling that these cases will often be dismissed or settled very early because they'll be clean-cut in a lot of cases.
People need to stop being awful people. That especially includes you. Yes, we rescued numerous Nazi scientists. This was a good thing; most of them weren't evil people. Do you know who Wenher von Braun is? He was a German scientist. He is also the reason that the US and Russia got into space. MKUltra was not run by a bunch of Nazi scientists; that is outright false. MKUltra was mostly run by Americans. It was also a legitimate program. People act like OMG IT WAS SO AWFUL but the reality is that people ran these tests for a reason - people didn't KNOW that mind control was impossible, they didn't know that truth serum wasn't real. They had to test it. Moreover, most of MKUltra was not unethical. Crazed conspiracy theorists have turned it into the ultimate bogeyman. Were some of the things they did unethical? Yes. Absolutely. But a lot of it was very reasonable. People grossly exaggerate shit because they love to sensationalize. Has the US done bad things? Yes. Has every other country done bad things? Yes. Have most countries done worse things than the US? Yes.
Why does it matter? Seriously, the purpose of these laws is to keep the children safe. It is not to make bad parents happy. You're acting like children are objects. They're people, and the government tries to protect them. Do you think that the government should leave them with families who are incapable of providing for their basic needs?
They're deliberately misleading you and trying to avoid you thinking about things rationally. Why are they being charged for their water? Well, because they're *using* the water (and yes, they are still using it, for showers and suchlike). You pay for what you use. If you're using water, why shouldn't you be paying for it? Indeed, the reality is - and this is the fun part - the reason why this whole thing is such a clusterfuck is because the people of Flint aren't willing to pay for their water. I'm serious here. Back in the 1970s, there were plans to fix Flint's water system. The people of Flint said no, because they didn't want to pay for it. SHOCK AND SURPRISE, 40 years later, shit has gotten so bad that now they *have* to fix it. How is them *not* paying for their water - which it costs money to fix - going to lead to them fixing the water system? *Where do you think this money comes from?* The people of Flint. This is yet another example of the people of Flint *trying to avoid paying for their damn water*. Once you see it in that context, it is VASTLY less sympathetic, isn't it? --- The reason why people get their children taken away is because their homes are not safe for children. Do you think that a home with toxic water in it is safe for children to live in? No. The purpose of these laws is to keep children safe. It is not to make excuses for shitty parents. If their parents are incapable of keeping their children safe, then they are taken away. The purpose of the law is to keep the children safe. Objectively, these parents are failing at it, by failing to provide a basic necessity like running water for their family. These people shouldn't have kids.
&gt; Um, no. The problem was caused by an unelected emergency manager appointed by the governor and not accountable to the citizens of Flint. He made a decision to save money in the short term by changing water sources and bypassing procedures to insure the water would be safe to drink. Lack of accountability is why the emergency manager is not in jail for poisoning Flint residents. This is actually bullshit. You're blaming the final link in the chain. Why was Flint put under emergency management? Because Flint couldn't run itself. Why couldn't Flint run itself? Because the people there weren't willing to pay taxes but kept demanding more services, resulting in the city going bankrupt. Why is Flint's water system so shit to begin with? Because the people of Flint were historically unwilling to pay to fix it in the past. In the 1970s, people said it needed to be fixed. Didn't happen. Today, it is a crisis, so it *must* be fixed. The reality is that the reason that Flint is a shithole is because of the people who live in Flint. The emergency manager isn't the root cause. The root cause is decades of mismangement by the city of Flint. Was the emergency manager responsible? Sure. But to blame it all on the emergency manager is wrong. The City of Flint is 100% to blame. If they hadn't been so wildly, moronically incompetent over decades and decades, they wouldn't have an emergency manager. They wouldn't have a shitty water system.
They should drown the entire population of Flint, Michigan while they're at it. The population of Flint is equally or even more at fault than they are.
There was actually a proposal some years ago for paid and government agents to intentionally go out and surreptitiously join conspiracy theorist groups to bring them down from the inside. It never actually happened, though, sadly.
No. Lying about your identity and qualifications has to be illegal. Otherwise, there would be no consequences for pretending to be a doctor/lawyer/engineer/qualified truck driver/scientist/not being a child molester/legal resident/ect. Reporters don't have any special rights. Everyone in the US is a journalist. It is the first amendment of the US Constitution. Journalists who want special rights are the scum of the Earth.
FYI, for those of you who are wondering: The people are not being arrested for producing the videos. Libel suits are civil matters, not criminal ones. The crimes they committed are, ironically: 1) Attempting to buy fetal body tissue. This is illegal. Also, tremendously ironic. 2) Fraud. They submitted fraudulent paperwork to the government in order to establish fraudulent shell companies to create their false identities. This involved lying on government forms (which is a crime), as well as mail fraud.
To be fair, if they're convicted of felonies, at least they lose their voting rights.
The thing about such technology is that if there are alternative ways of accomplishing the same thing, or if the tech is "obvious", it doesn't actually merit patent protection. If he is still losing, he may well not have a useful/worthwhile patent. In this case: A) He didn't invent caller ID. The inventor of caller ID was Theodore Paraskevakos, who invented it back in the 1960s. B) Kazuo Hashimoto built the first caller ID display device that could receive caller ID information in 1976. C) In 1977, a Brazilian inventor, Valdir Bravo Salinas, filed a patent application for a caller ID device at the Brazilian Patent and Trademarks Office (INPI). The patent was issued in 1982 as patent PI7704466 and is the first patent ever issued for a caller ID equipment in Brazil. Later in 1980 two other Brazilian inventors, João da Cunha Doya and Nélio José Nicolai, filed different patent applications for caller ID devices. Mr. Doya’s application was filed on May, 2nd, 1980 and issued as patent PI8003077. *Mr. Nicolai’s application was filed on July, 2nd,1980 and rejected for being a mere copy of Mr. Salinas’ invention, thus lacking novelty.* To put it bluntly, this guy didn't invent caller ID.
Actually, the Wrights' plane flew just fine, for a given definition of fine. They built gliders before they built their first plane, and their plane did, in fact, fly just fine. In fact, they flew 24 miles in their plane in 1905. Their first flights were just a few hundred meters in 1903. The first Wright Flyer did, in fact, take off under its own power. The reason that the Wrights got into the air first, incidentally, is because they built their own engines. Dumont's plane only took off in 1906 because the Antoinette engine became available that year.
This has nothing to do with GMOs, though. It is misleading to even talk about GMOs in this context. It has to do with farming practices. Soil exhaustion is not a new thing and is unrelated to GMOs. Organic farming can and has destroyed soil historically.
It is a terrible argument with no basis in reality. We already do this. Everything humans do is incredibly unnatural. Unnatural does not mean bad.
Yeah, because it is a scam. Organic produce is no better for you than any other form of produce, and is worse for the environment.
Actually, it is well proven at this point that the AMA actually decreased employment of persons with disabilities.
&gt; Even if you do try to pick out the "best genes," what's to stop the expression of those genes from having consequences beyond your knowledge? Uh, you test it before you put it into mass production. Duh. They spend years testing their GMO crops to find the best ones. It isn't like they just throw a new gene into a plant and then ship it out to farmers; significant R&amp;D is involved. You're acting like all scientists are drooling idiots. &gt; Who's to say that engineering resistance against one pest stopped the next from decimating your crop? What about the next drought? GMOs are no *more* vulnerable to these things than ordinary crops, so it is an utterly meaningless argument. Their baseline vulnerability will be the same as whatever the crop they were derived from, so it isn't going to be any worse.
The reason the emergency manager was appointed was because the people of Flint drove their city into bankruptcy. They kept electing inept, incompetent officials and kept refusing to pay taxes and pay for services. The net result was that Flint went bankrupt. The governor of the state (who was elected in part by them) appointed a city manager because the local government was no longer functional.
&gt; What you aren't getting is that genes create protein products that do not simply perform one function. First off, all the commercial GMOs we've produced have been about single gene products, because those are the simplest things to understand. More complicated interlocking sets of genes are presently not really being used in commercial GMOs to the best of my knowledge because (shock and surprise) they're complicated. Most of them are specific genes which do more or less one thing. And the fact that they're being taken often from pretty disparate organisms (like, say, bacteria) makes it much less likely they'll interact with other genes. Moreover, you're making the fundamentally flawed assumption that this is in some way significantly different to what happens when we cross existing breeds of plants; in fact, in reality, such crosses are much *less* reliable in their characteristics than GMOs are. So if we're worried about GMOs, we should be much MORE worried about standard crosses. Given that we've been doing standard crosses for millenia, I'm not that worried. &gt; Pests and pathogens are also living things (except viruses, but let's not get into that) and natural selection is acting on them as well. Maybe you can put a gene into your crop that makes it resistant against a certain virus, but that virus is going to be selected for the ones (if any) that can infect regardless of your gene. So then what? Just CRISPR in another? Sure, why not? &gt; Have you ever seen a signal transduction pathway? They aren't nice pretty diagrams where one gene product does one thing... Yes. I've taken developmental biology. &gt; If you're just introducing more and more genes, you're even more likely to have cross-talk between molecular pathways. The worst case scenario is that you're back where you started without the GMO. In which case, you've done no harm.
They're about 18.5 per 100k, versus 0.6 per 100k for abortions. So it is about 30x higher. That said, risk is variable; some people are much higher risk than others. Also, all abortions are done under the supervision of medical professionals.
I actually explained this previously. ELY5: We do not test plants for safety because they are safe. GMOs are the same as other plants. Why would we treat GMOs differently? ---- What part of that was hard for you to understand? We have never done longitudinal studies on every breed of potato, tomato, wheat, rice, ect. to determine it is safe. Why would we treat GMOs any differently? And yes, I do have a degree, thank you very much. I've even done some postgrad work, though I quit doing postgrad in order to get a job because I was tired of going to school. Your suggestion that GMOs are in some way dangerous is reliant on toxicology. Why else would they be dangerous?
No. No one will remember them. Benedict Arnold at least did something that mattered. They're just small-time criminals.
The ATF were shot at when they went to the compound. That's fact, not opinion.
TBH I think the reason they didn't do that is because they wanted to avoid them starting fires in the facility to keep warm. These people are idiots, you know they'd do it.
You know, this ironically means that if part of your plan is to murder one of the other participants, you wouldn't technically be guilty of felony murder under Oregon law. I hope someone makes that argument at some point. '#TheJokerWasInnocent'
Reminds me of a joke I heard once. If you want to keep your privacy, cut off all communications with the outside world and live in a shack in the middle of nowhere. And hope your brother-in-law doesn't recognize your manifesto.
In all fairness, the Unabomber was probably the ultimate terrorist. Most terrorists and criminals in general are stupid or stupid. Dealing with highly intelligent criminals who actually have thought about what they're doing is an absolute nightmare.
Was he going to rape her, or did she say he was going to rape her when he wasn't? There's a difference. This is a little-known fact, but a huge fraction of people who commit violent crime claim they were acting in self-defense. If she was acting in self-defense, then she should go free. But you have to prove that.
Not really, no. Criminals can't really generally afford it, and most criminals aren't really big on the whole "planning" thing. If you are in a confrontation with the police, you lose. Like, that always happens. The only way for criminals to win is to not get caught.
Actually, it is because the US is extremely wealthy relative to European countries. What we consider to be poor is above the median income of most of Eastern Europe. The median American male makes about $46k per year, and the median American household income is north of $50k per year. Note that isn't counting government assistance, which would actually move the median income upwards. Median means the middle income (i.e. the 50th percentile makes that). Americans are, to put it bluntly, rich as fuck compared to Europeans, other than the Swiss and Norwegians (and the people of Luxembourg, Lichtenstein, Monaco, and San Marino, but they're tiny micronations with very low populations).
The best thing to do is to avoid being in that situation in the first place. If you're in the situation where you need to defend yourself, you're already in deep shit.
The reality is that it doesn't actually work that way, though; there are federal sentencing guidelines which determine how long you'll actually spend in jail. Obviously getting hit with something with a long minimum sentence changes that equation, but most crimes lack those (or have ones which are shorter than the sentence you're likely to serve anyway). Many people are overly impressed by the possibility of serving 150 years or whatever, but in practice, adding together all the sentences is not likely to occur unless you do something really awful. Competent lawyers aren't terribly impressed by that sort of posturing, but if you're dumb and uneducated (as many criminals are), it can seem very intimidating.
The court shouldn't have exonerated him, because he clearly stalked Trayvon Martin home. There's no doubt that Trayvon Martin committed assault. The problem is that Zimmerman was a violent man who stalked someone home while fingering their gun, provoking a confrontation with them, and never "regained his innocence". If anyone had a stand their ground case, it would have been Martin, but given his actions of returning to confront Zimmerman, that's unlikely. The jury misunderstood self-defense. It isn't just about defending yourself.
Jury nullification is a *bad thing*. It is what the Southern states used to let lynchers free. It is a side effect of the jury system. It isn't a good thing. The correct thing to do is to amend the law.
FYI, in this case, the convicted felon would win on the basis of legal necessity. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Necessity Defending the life of another is one of the best necessity defenses there is.
So do you think that people should be able to lynch people freely? Because that's what jury nullification enables. Most lawyers will ask you a question like "If you believe that someone is guilty of a crime, would you ever find them not guilty for any reason?" If you answer "No" to that, but believe in jury nullification, you'd be committing perjury.
So you'd rather people who lynch people go free? Because that's what juries enable.
There isn't a mass shooting every month in the US, at least not in the sense you're thinking of. The US also has a population of 330 million, so is basically the equivalent of all of Northern and Western Europe put together. Many US cities have a greater population than the entire country of Denmark.
These jobs aren't being exported. H1B visas have people from other countries come live in the US. It is very different from exporting a job to China or India.
&gt; What do you think about stats like the "one in five women will be raped" being leveraged by feminists? Again, this depends on what you're defining as "rape"; as I noted above, different groups define rape differently. Some groups only define vaginal penetration as rape (which also means men can't be raped). Some consider rape to be any form of penetration of any oriface. Some only consider forcible rape. Ect. Some groups also have wrong-headed ideas about what constitutes rape, such as, for instance, the idea that intoxicated sex is intrinsically rape (it isn't - it is only rape if they are so intoxicated they aren't capable of meaningfully consenting to sex). Otherwise, you could end up with the (obviously insane) situation where two drunk people rape each other at the same time, or where something is or is not rape based on whether or not the "rapist" was drunk at the time. It is likely true that 20% (or more, even) of women become victims of *some* form of sex crime at least once in their lives (and probably a decent percentage of men as well, for that matter). But something like someone getting groped on a bus is very different from what most people are thinking of when they think of "sexual assault". And of course, even something like being groped can be very different depending on the situation; someone grabbing your ass on a crowded subway car is pretty different from the situation in Germany where a large crowd of men were groping at women as they passed through them, which was probably a deeply traumatic experience for many of them. It is really hard to know with any confidence whether or not these surveys can even tell us anything useful given that we don't really know how much social desirability bias is involved here. For instance, if you poll gun owners and ask them if they've prevented a crime from happening in the last year using a firearm, you get numbers indicating somewhere between 1.5-3 million crimes are prevented by gun owners every year. But the problem is, that number is wildly implausible against the background crime rate; it would suggest that as much as a third of crimes are being prevented by people with guns, which doesn't make sense given that many crimes happen while people aren't even present. The actual numbers are believed to be a tenth of what are reported in the surveys, or even less; some estimates put it as low as 50,000, which would be two orders of magnitude below what the surveys claim. On the other hand, a lot of victims are likely to be reluctant to admit to being victimized to a stranger over the telephone. So there is good reason to believe surveys might simultaneously underreport and overreport victimization. Again, we're trying to measure things which are totally unknown and unknowable here, and the numbers may be wildly different on both ends. That's not to say that they're totally worthless, but unless you know the questions they're asking, the methodology, and what their definitions of various words are, you don't really get useful data. And it is hard to know their "true" accuracy. The fact that we see such different numbers from different surveys suggests that the data may not be very reliable or comparable, but that doesn't necessarily mean we know in which direction it is unreliable. &gt; Resulting in shit like rape tribunals in colleges. These are very bad, but are less of a function of statistics and are more of a function of a violation of due process and a lack of understanding of the law. The reality is that these are extremely damaging both to rape victims and to people who are falsely accused of rape. Universities are ill-equipped to serve as law enforcement, and frankly, it isn't their job. People shouldn't be reporting rapes to the university. They should be reporting them to the police. Rapes are crimes, not academic violations, and rapists need to go to jail, not be suspended or expelled. Investigations should be done respecting the rights of the accused, with warrants, by police, not by people who work for the university (or worse, students) who have no understanding of how to properly go about conducting an investigation and little to no accountability. A rapist going free because his rights were violated during the investigation and all of the evidence becomes inadmissible in court is an unacceptable outcome, but is likely to happen in some of these cases - if they even get charged by the police at all.
I didn't mean you were "dangerous" in the sense of being a criminal. I simply meant you are more capable of killing people. &gt; We don't truly even enforce the laws already in place (e.g. Possession of a firearm by a felon) People go to jail for this all the time. I'm not exactly sure what you mean by that "not being enforced". &gt; Stripping me of a right that is just as important and necessary to defend our other bill of rights. It is what prevents me from addressing a threat at school or on public grounds. See, here's the problem: Guns don't do this. Guns don't protect our rights. If the government really wants to get you, owning a gun is going to do nothing to stop them. They can kill you from over the horizon line. They can kill you with drones. They have better equipment and training than you do, and outnumber you millions to one. I hear people cite the virtues of resistance and citing Afghanistan or Iraq. The only reason anyone in Afghanistan is still alive is because the US government doesn't want to kill everyone. Likewise, guns are very rarely useful in self defense. The idea that you're going to stop a mass shooting with a gun is wrong-headed. You're more likely to kill someone via negligence with a firearm than you are to kill someone in self defense as a civilian, statistically speaking. Stopping an event like a mass shooting - they happen only a few times a year, and the odds are, you won't be in the position to do anything to fix the situation. I don't have any problem with people owning guns. I own guns. But I do have problems with the power fantasies that gun manufacturers use to sell guns, because it gives people a misleading idea of how useful a gun is likely to be to them, and guns are dangerous, just as cars are dangerous. They can easily result in death or serious injury if misused. There's nothing wrong with possessing a gun for self-defense - it is your right as an American to do so. But under most circumstances, a gun isn't actually that useful for self-defense, because a lot of violence is sudden and proximate. The best strategy for self-defense is avoiding dangerous situations in the first place, because once things go pear-shaped, it is bad times no matter what happens. The only way a gun protects you is by putting a hole in someone before they put a hole in you.
I don't get why people think it was so horrifying to be honest; I've seen lots of accidents, it wasn't gory or anything, it was just an accident. "Welp, seven people died." Showing kids space program stuff isn't traumatizing. I saw all sorts of stuff like that as a kid.
There's already a legal remedy for this situation, namely a restraining order.
Involuntary commitment is distinct from being convicted of a crime.
Most of them are, though.
The problem with renewable energy is that most of it is what is known as an intermittent energy supply. You simply cannot rely 100% on solar and wind, and geothermal and hydroelectric power is insufficient for powering the world and is very geographically deterministic. There is really no plausible route to 100% clean renewable energy on Earth of which I am aware.
Well, given that he is doing something out of pure, sheer spite... How can you really feel sorry for him? I dunno. I mean, doesn't this kind of point towards them making a wise decision here? The sort of person who goes through this kind of elaborate revenge probably isn't the most stable of individuals.
What game is this?
&gt; The emissions from cattle farming are the single largest source of carbon. *ALL* agricultural and land use changes *put together* constitute only 24% of human carbon emissions. All livestock put together constitute only 14%. Cattle farming is not the "single largest source of carbon". It is the largest source within livestock, but that's 65% of 14%, or 9% of global emissions - far less than transportation (14%) and burning fossil fuels for heat and electricity (25%).
Armor is dependent on metallurgy and development of natural resources, which impacts not only the military but other things as well. If you're very good at making high-quality steel for armor, you're going to be able to make it for other needs as well. Military use often helps encourage or even drives civilian use due to technological development and availability.
Bernie is worse for jobs/the economy than Hillary. Why wouldn't he lose?
&gt; you're missing much of the point on your second argument... much of what's being discussed is that if we were in a simulation, we might be able to detect some of the corner-cutting techniques we use in video games... like the universe being discrete rather than continuous and containing infinitely granular detail... if a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, did the developers cull those resources to conserve memory? This has already been falsified; we have 7 billion people on the planet. We haven't observed any such optimization features, despite having an ever-increasing amount of observation of the the world and making very careful observations. &gt; it's not hard to immagine a well written simulation properly and discretely culling or loading resources without obvious artifacts Sure. But at that point we get back into the "non-falsifiable" portion of the argument. Even still, though, the resources required would still be enormous for a simulation of the complexity of Earth with 7+ billion people on it (not to mention the several orders of magnitude more other things around). &gt; as for ridiculous, the universe itself, in reality as we know it, is far more ridiculous than either of us can actually fathom Reality isn't actually ridiculous at all. Counterintuitive, perhaps, but not ridiculous. &gt; quantum mechanics seems pretty batshit insane, but decades of it providing more accurate predictions about shit we care about and not a single shred of evidence disproving it... Quantum mechanics makes sense. It is counterintuitive to laypeople, but once you understand it, it isn't actually all that strange. And indeed, once you actually understand things, it is actually intuitive; it was how it was figured out initially, after all. Moreover, there are copious amounts of evidence demonstrating quantum mechanics to be correct. This is the exact opposite of the simulation argument. &gt; as for computing power, yes there are some assumptions built in that the limits of human ingenuity are rarely as tapped out as the unimaginative imagine... someone trying to predect the future of computing in the vacuum tube age would have employed the same arguments... and we have a functional 5-qbit quantum computer already... whose to say it won't be 10 qbits in a few years, and 20 qbits shortly after, and so-on... whose to say there's not another transistor to our vacuum tube? The laws of physics. Quantum computers aren't nearly as useful as people think they are. They're useful for performing certain types of operations quickly, but for many conventional computing needs, they're not any better than ordinary computers, and can't be. People just stick "quantum" before stuff and act like it is magical. Quantum mechanics isn't magic, it is just something many people don't understand very well. Quantum computers are useful for calculating out quantum mechanical systems and breaking certain kinds of encryption. They're not terribly useful for adding 2 and 2 together.
You're right, I don't care. I have long since accepted that it isn't a big deal. &gt; Why do you want to forcibly invade my life? What gives you the right?? Everyone has the right to access public information. There's a huge amount of it out there. &gt; Third, you have the freedom to be as private or not-private as you like. That's the beauty of it all. So people can freely read about you fetishizing children's shows, but I get the option to choose a more private life. Unless someone chooses to write stuff about you or otherwise drill into things. The reality is, though, it isn't really a big deal. I think something a lot of people don't understand is that many people really don't have secrets to hide, they don't really care about these things. So when other people talk about their "privacy", they immediately wonder why they're so obsessed with it. And when the people start freaking out, they assume that they're probably hiding something. And honestly, they're probably right a great deal of the time. If someone is using a VPN, for instance, chances are good they're probably doing something illegal. If every IP in the world was associated with a unique individual (possible with IPv6), then people's ability to commit crime anonymously online would be severely damaged. If every street in the US was covered by 24/7 surveillance, then it would be very hard to get away with a lot of crimes. The reality is that the benefits to these things are quite large. But they also get rid of a lot of what people think of as privacy. Searches and seizures are only a small part of what is going on. I think that warrants are and should be legally necessary when searching through non-publicly accessible things. But that's only a small fraction of what is going on which is causing old ideas about privacy to fade.
How can you tell how many times a comment has been upvoted or downvoted?
Note that the 38,000 number is because 35,000 Verizon workers were on strike, making them unemployed (as they weren't working), lowering the overall figure by that much. It would have been 73,000 without them being on strike.
Yeah, the test requires some amount of effort, so scientists, by and large, haven't bothered. You'd probably need to get some sort of big research grant and some reason for doing the study to get funding for it, because, well, I'm not sure what you're going to do with the knowledge. It isn't like some company is going to come up with some new drug based on mirror recognition.
What the hell school did you go to? Every class I took at Vanderbilt, everything was metric. Heck, we used metric in high school science class.
The thing is, this study may not really involve any data manipulation at all, and yet still not say anything of value. Fat people are more likely to drink diet soda. Does diet soda cause obesity? No - but people who are fat are more likely to drink diet soda. This is the problem with what are known as *correlational* dietary studies - it doesn't tell you anything of real value. Fat people may be less likely to eat candy because they're "dieting". Or they may be less likely to eat it because candy is a terrible food to gorge on - any time I eat too much candy I end up feeling sick. If you're gorging on food, chances are you won't eat something that will make you feel sick from doing it. Meanwhile, someone who is of normal weight may eat candy like a normal human being. My parents always have candy in the house and aren't fat. The thing is, this is true of ALL dietary studies. Remember, the next time someone tells you that Extra Virgin Olive Oil or eating nuts causes you to lose weight, they're saying candy bars cause you to lose weight. It is *exactly* the same thing, and is caused by exactly the same effects. Don't ever trust any dietary study which isn't performed by taking two randomized groups of people and feeding them diets. Anything else is probably going to be garbage.
Wow, really? That sucks. Everywhere I've worked has worked exclusively in metricated units.
Getting a visa into the US isn't actually all that difficult, the problem is mostly that a lot of people who want to sneak into the US aren't in the position where getting a visa would be easy. Basically, they look for ties to your home country. If you have no ties to your home country, they'll be suspicious of you. Poor nobody? Not giving you a visa. College student? Business owner? Laywer? Doctor? Much more likely to get a visa.
Incidentally, all joking aside, Ethiopia really is a lot better off than it used to be. They had a drought recently and no one starved to death because now they actually have things like "civilization" and "people not shooting each other to death constantly".
Trump is much more likely to be indicted; Trump University was a pretty standard scam operation. If you read the laws WRT: Hillary's handling of classified information, there's no way she'll be indicted, because she didn't break them.
&gt; What most people don't understand is that by asking for prison, the prosecutor was saying that the prisoner was worth releasing another offender, to make space in the overcrowded state prisons. The probation department recommended county jail instead of state prison explicitly because he was a low-risk of re-offense, and because of the realities that overcrowding means a more serious criminal could be released from state prison to make room for this offender. This is a real concern thanks to California's overcrowded prison system. Building more prisons is divisive, though, as Californians want infinite services but not to pay any taxes for them. You're right that this was another potential consideration. &gt; By insisting on asking for prison instead of jail, he got his recommendation effectively sidelined for the probation report. If he had of asked for 2 or 3 years in county jail, the judge may have gone that route or split the difference between the ask the probation report recommendation. You can't put someone in jail for 2 or 3 years. Jail sentences are by definition less than a year. That's the difference between jail and prison.
How was she unqualified to be Secretary of State? She spent eight years in the White House and then became a senator.
&gt; It's an impossibly hard task. And an utterly thankless job. "So, who do we let out, the robber, the rapist, or the recidivist burglar who invaded three people's houses the last time he was out?" No matter what you do, you're letting out someone who isn't a very good person. &gt; Jails are also overcrowded, but they aren't under Re-alignment from the Supreme Court of California, so there's that. Not *yet*. I'm sure it is just a matter of time if they continue to be overcrowded. Part of the problem is that no one in California wants to pay for more jails/prisons, but no one wants to let a bunch of criminals free, either.
Link?
That's like saying that pledged delegates don't count because they haven't cast any ballots yet. It is over. Bernie lost. It was over in MARCH.
FYI, he has actually said that he deliberately surrounds himself with people who are inferior to him who look up to him.
You have swallowed the Big Lie. Here are the imprisonment numbers: http://static.prisonpolicy.org/images/pie2016.jpg People imprisoned for "drug crimes" make up less than 20% of prisoners. Anyone who tells you 50%+ is simply flat-out lying to you because they think you're both gullible and stupid enough to fall for it. The 50% number is a bullshit number. It is the number of people arrested. Lots of people are arrested for drug possession. Almost none of them go to jail, and those who do tend to serve very short sentences, compared to extremely long ones for robbery and murder. However, the larger problem is that drug numbers are all vastly inflated. You see, the numbers are counting "longest sentence". The problem is, a lot of drug convicts committed other crimes as well. The drugs are just found during the investigation. Burglar gets caught, they're also a meth addict, boom, charges for both. The result is that drug charge numbers are exaggerated. On top of this, though, there's the additional issue of plea bargaining. People plead guilty to drug charges because they're less than the more serious other charges they're facing, and drug charges are easy to prove. Ergo, you end up with a bunch of people who are in prison for "drug crimes" who did other, worse things as well, but plea bargaining got them down to drug charges. The result is that the actual number of people in jail for drugs is actually much smaller than that 20%. And people who are put in jail for a long time for drugs are drug dealers, not people who are just nailed for possession. Had you actually bothered to do your research instead of just swallowing propaganda, you'd know this. Oh, wait. I even linked you to the numbers in my above post, and you STILL didn't read them. You should feel bad for wasting my time. &gt; I highly doubt you have talked to anyone who has been raped. If they are "okay" you didnt really talk to them. They might not show it to you but it effects there everyday life. I'm sorry, but you're wrong. Most people who get raped recover just fine. They don't obsess or center their lives around one bad thing that happened to them, any more than most people obsess and center their lives over a child dying, or their parent dying, or a miscarriage, or a friend dying, or a car crash, or an assault, or any number of other things. Most people recover from these events without suffering permanent psychological damage or centering their life around something bad that happened to them. They aren't "rape victims". They are people who happened to have been raped. They don't center their identities around being crime victims. Being raped does NOT define them as people. It is WRONG to do so. And deeply unhealthy. Only about a third of rape victims go on to develop symptoms such as PTSD, and many recover from them. And yes, I do know some rape victims who have psychological problems which stem from their rapes as well. But they're not the majority of people I know who have been sexually assaulted. And even most of the people I know who suffer psychological problems from it don't obsess over it; it is just an occasional thing for most of them. They don't define themselves as rape victims; they define themselves as artists or writers or nurses or engineers or whatever else.
I read all this stuff on screens all the time. It has a major advantage as well - it makes it much easier to check the citations.
&gt; federal bureau of prisons Did you even bother to look at the chart? There's only about 211,000 people in federal prison. There are 1,351,000 people in state prisons. There are 646,000 people in state jails. The federal bureau of prisons makes up only about 10% of prisoners in the US. The reason why there are a lot of drug traffickers in federal prison is because drug trafficking is a federal crime. Ergo, if you're smuggling in drugs from Mexico, you're not going to the California state prison system, you're going to federal prison. Murder is not generally a federal crime but a state crime; in fact, almost all violent crime is a state crime, unless it is committed against a federal official or is an act of terrorism. You can see that there are 169,000 murderers in state prisons, which is 75% of the total prisoner population of all federal prisons combined - and far more than there are people serving sentences for drug crimes in federal prison. Using federal prison numbers is wrong. They only make up a small fraction of all prisoners in the US.
For those wondering: the black dude participated in a gang rape with three other dudes. They may have drugged the woman in question before dragging her back to their room. The reason he got convicted is because he and the other dudes *took pictures and video of themselves raping the woman*. He was convicted of aggravated rape and two counts of aggravated sexual battery. It was not really the same case.
&gt; And, even by your logic, if the cop has the clothing why would he need to ask what she was wearing. Because that's exactly the sort of inane bullshit that can ruin your entire case. Also, you know, the one time you don't ask, you find out that the person changed their clothes before they went to the hospital... &gt; How does her sexual history help prove beyond a reasonable doubt that she is lying or telling the truth? It doesn't matter if someone is a virgin or a prostitute, they can still lie. Because if someone does the same thing over and over again, and then claims that they didn't do that same thing, and there's evidence that they did the same thing, it is more likely that they did the same thing than if they didn't have a habit of doing that thing. If someone drives by every week and takes a shot at a stop sign on Friday night, but one weekend someone is out in front of the sign and gets shot, do you think that their excuse of "Well, I didn't go out that week and do it!" is going to be as strong as if they never went out and shot that stop sign?
You mean all the drug offenders involved in organized crime who contribute all the nasty shit that goes on in the ghettos, not to mention Mexico? The people who go to prison are overwhelmingly there for being dealers or traffickers, not possession. Possession gets jail time or time served, by and large.
I get the argument - they aren't fully cognizant of their own actions, even though they can differentiate right from wrong. The thing is, most kids don't kill other kids, which (strongly) suggests bad things about the ones who do, because it is severely abnormal behavior. I think the idea that children don't really understand this stuff is wrong; even at age 5, I understood mortality horrifying well. This is why kids can get upset when Bambi's mother gets killed, or Littlefoot's mom dies. &gt; It isn't an easy to navigate issue, and it's one where it isn't right to set a base age for criminal responsibility when it's obvious some children fully understand their actions at 10, whole others don't. Is it even desirable social policy to punish a more sophisticated individual more than a less sophisticated one? If someone is truly incapable of understanding what it means to be a person but is killing or severely harming people, aren't they MORE of a danger? The whole argument has always seemed very shaky to me to begin with, honestly. Even assuming that you do treat them differently, what do you *do* with them? What sort of legal process is there? How do you determine whether or not they did it from a legal standpoint, if they're not capable of defending themselves? Do you just throw them in some sort of institution? How do you determine how long they should be kept there? What access to the legal system to appeal their not-sentence do they have? I dunno. It is just a weird thing to think about, because you're putting them in strange territory, and honestly, I'm not sure that it is really justified. Children are smarter than adults give them credit for.
Ah, fair enough.
Berries are defined as "a fleshy fruit without a stone produced from a single flower containing one ovary." This means that kiwis, bananas, and pineapples are all berries, but strawberries and raspberries aren't. Potato plants also produce berries. But it is inadvisable to eat potato berries, as they're quite poisonous. They look rather like green cherry tomatoes because they're a close relative of tomatoes.
Good old Onion.
Arms is a synonym for weapon. That includes swords, bows, and spears, in addition to firearms, flamethrowers, knives, and any number of other things. They're *all* arms. &gt; However, in the context, they had no concept of nuclear weapons, biological warfare, etc. I doubt that the authors of the Bill of Rights would have considered, say, a MOAB the sort of thing an average Joe should be able to keep in his house. People could (and did) own artillery pieces such as cannons; indeed, some private ships were armed with them in order to deter pirates and privateers. That said, the right is subject to reasonable regulation, as is the case with all rights. That's why they require background checks and special tax stamps for some more exotic weapons, and why we deny felons the right to bear arms.
&gt; Free speech too is limited. Go to a crowded movie theater, and yell "FIRE!" See what happens. Nothing, because no one can hear you. :V Also, ironically, the ruling that was from was actually overturned by the Supreme Court later on and is no longer valid law in the US. &gt; My point is the question of yield, and damage done deliberately or as the result of negligence. It's unreasonable to think that the 2nd amendment extends to me the right to build, and arm a nuclear warhead in my garage. Well, yes, and it is illegal to do that for a variety of reasons. You'd need a permit for a destructive device and a permit for the nuclear material, for two. &gt; The SCOTUS has ruled numerous times that specific prohibitions on access to, and possession of specific types of or "dangerous and unusual" weapons does not violate the right to keep and bear arms established by the Second Amendment. They have.
To be fair, my parents used to buy wet food for our cat. Then one day my mom realized that actual, human-grade tuna was cheaper than the canned wet cat food. So now our cat eats human-grade tuna because it is cheaper than the wet cat food :|
We use them to assassinate people in the Middle East all the time. We just don't call it that because Americans aren't allowed to assassinate people. We just call them "targeted killings".
Fixed: Bernie Sanders sold his soul. He is a candidate of rage and hate. His campaign is, by and large, based on lies and misunderstands about reality. That's why some of his supporters are so angry all the time - they're driven by the same sort of deep, festering hatred as many similar extremists. The cold, dark reality is that his campaign was always built on lies. International trade is good for America and American jobs, not bad for them. Americans benefit immensely from international trade. The losers are the people who benefit from local monoplies - people who can jack up prices by creating large tariffs and reducing competition. Bad people. They're the Comcasts of the world. He sells the idea that the reason people are failures is not their own lack of initiative, but those evil other people. Any time anyone blames personal failure on The Other - be it the rich, the blacks, the whites, the Jews, or anyone else - they're pretty much never good people. It is basically the universal law of politicians - any time anyone blames anyone else for something, it is an attempt for a group to deflect responsibility from themselves. Are there exceptions? Sure. But Bernie isn't one of them.
You're wrong because you're saying that the government should be able to make it illegal to publish materials critical of a politician without their approval. That is precisely what the ruling was about.
It costs money to print books, host websites, and produce movies. If the government can prohibit you from spending money on those things, it can prevent you from producing those things. Freedom of the press is a joke if you aren't allowed to print newspapers because it costs money to do so. This decision was actually made decades ago. The *Citizens United* ruling simply noted its application to the unconstitutional law that the FEC was trying to apply.
Sure. But what's the difference, in the end? Some tech. I could build a drone with a built-in rifle or shotgun. It wouldn't be tremendously difficult. It is totally janky, but if my goal is to assassinate someone giving a speech outside, I could totally do it and it would probably be adequete to the purpose. A drone with explosives would probably be even easier to build. Things like this aren't commercially available because that's pretty much the only use for them, but the only thing between them and existing is someone with some knowledge of robotics and a few thousand dollars. I'm not suggesting that unarmed civilian drones should be considered weapons. Simply that it is far from an impossible task to weaponize one.
There are useless royals and useful royals. The useful ones are the ones with the most power. The useless ones are the ones the useful ones push off to the side. Being useless means you have little real power; the useful ones have power beyond merely being in the royal family.
All things are only worth what people think they're worth. That's true of shiny rocks as well.
The US actually has a relatively low debt load; it appears large only because our economy is so large. It is only 70% of GDP, which sounds bad, but Germany is north of 80% of GDP. It is generally when you creep up over 100% of GDP that it becomes a problem. The US debt load has oddly actually been getting a bit smaller in the last few years even as the total debt went up because the US economy has gotten larger.
I have a question: why did you believe any of that load of hogwash? The video is entirely wrong about the idea that the dollar is backed by petroleum.
&gt; A simple search on the petrodollar returns over 500,000 results. 42,800 in News articles alone. The term "petrodollar" exists. But the way it is used by gold bugs and conspiracy theorists is a different from the way it is used by other people. The "petrodollar" as used by normal people is simply "a notional unit of currency earned by a country from the export of petroleum." So money earned from selling petroleum is "petrodollars". Not really exciting. So-called [petrodollar recycling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petrodollar_recycling) is where a petroleum-exporting country basically spent petrodollars externally - more or less, a country which was selling oil would then either buy imports from other countries, or invest money overseas, rather than at home. The reason why they did this was because they were earning more money that they really felt was profitable to invest in their own countries, so they invested overseas or bought imports because they couldn't produce a lot of products locally. It was - and is - common for Saudi Arabia and other oil-producing countries to invest a lot of money in the US and buy a lot of capital goods from the US (the US is a major exporter of capital goods, something a lot of people don't really realize). It makes sense if you think about it, and indeed, this sort of investment is the reason why Saudi Arabia *trades* in dollars in the first place - the US dollar is a stable currency, far more stable than other currencies, and the US dollar allows them to invest in the US, as well as in other countries which need US dollars for reasons of their own. The Saudi Riyal is not nearly as in demand, so them trading in international currency makes sense (note that the Saudi Riyal is pegged to the US dollar at 1 dollar to 3.75 Riyal). &gt; The US dollar's status and stability is what is backed by the petrodollar. if you can't understand that this is the argument that people are making about the US dollar being backed by the petrodollar then I cannot help explain why that is the case. Without status as the world's reserve currency, all of that US national debt then becomes a MASSIVE world crippling issue. The problem with this idea is that it is wrong, and indeed, is backwards. The total value of all oil sold by ALL countries PUT TOGETHER in 2015, at $50 a barrel, was only $1.7 trillion USD - and that includes internal US consumption, with the US being the #1 producer of oil in the world. The US economy alone is more than ten times that size. US exports alone are about 50% larger. People buying, selling, and trading in US dollars does have a stabilizing effect, but the idea that the trade of oil in US dollars is what causes the US dollar to be stable is incorrect. Indeed, the major reason why oil is traded in US dollars is because the US dollar is seen as a stable currency worth trading in which can easily and profitably be invested or spent, and it is easy to invest US dollars. The US does benefit from it by artificially expanding the size of the US economy, but it is hardly the only way in which dollars are traded overseas, and US dollar trading is far in excess of what is done in the oil industry. A lot of countries have large reserves of US dollars which serves as a means of helping to stabilize their own currency against US dollars - if they feel like their currency is getting out of hand value-wise, they can use their own reserves to help manipulate the value of their currency and keep it stable. Currency reserves in dollars far outstrip oil revenues, and are a much larger stabilizing factor in the value of the dollar. TL; DR; The US dollar is not "backed" by oil - that would be an oil standard. Suggesting it is "backed" by the oil trade is also wrong, because the US dollar is used for a lot of things other than the oil trade, whose value far outweighs the oil trade. This is why the US dollar stayed strong while currencies like the Russian ruble, the Canadian dollar, and other petroleum-exporting countries declined - the US dollar isn't heavily dependent on the oil trade for its value, while Russian rubles and Canadian dollars are.
People have historically assigned no value to shiny rocks. It is entirely possible to do so. In fact, for almost all of human history, shiny rocks served as fiat currency; ironically, it was only in relatively recent times that gold really gained much value as an actual commodity, as we today use gold in manufacturing some stuff. Gold currency has always been dependent on the same factors as fiat currency, but it was combined with unstable supply, resulting in occasional large fluctuations in the value of the currency. This caused all sorts of economic problems and was one of the primary reasons why countries moved away from the gold standard - you can always screw yourself over, but with the gold standard (or silver standard, or any other such standard) extrinsic factors over which you have no control can greatly influence the value of your currency. What relationship does the total economy have to the amount of shiny rocks you have? Nothing. What relationship does a haircut have to shiny rock production? Nothing. So why would you tie the values of these things to shiny rocks? You wouldn't. And shouldn't. So people don't. Value comes from human labor, not shiny rocks. The amount and value of human labor has no relationship to the amount and value of shiny rocks. Currency is a social promise - the idea that if I give you some amount of value, you'll give me something I can trade for the same amount of value elsewhere. This is the principle that currency operates under, and is how all currency, regardless of its nature, functions. Tying your currency to some particular good undermines that.
&gt; If he hadn't taken her to trial, a six-month sentence would be fairer. But he insisted on having his attorney say the things he did, forced the victim to relive the last year, and blamed it on being drunk and the college drinking culture and not his horrible deed. People have the right to a fair trial. Suggesting that people aren't allowed to defend themselves in court is deeply wrong. The crime is rape. Using the judicial system is not a crime, nor can or should people be punished for exercising their right to a fair trial. &gt; Giving weight to his inebriated state should be what people are petitioning against, not this particular judge. Being drunk or high is considered to be a mitigating factor not just this, but in many, many, *many* cases in the judicial system.
He has no grounds for a lawsuit, nor to make Google remove the links. He can contact the media and ask them to add a note to the article, but unless the article is *false* (and it isn't - it noted that he was arrested and charged) he has no grounds for a lawsuit.
Uh, you're allowed to be biased in favor of a corporation as a politician. If I think Google is the best thing ever, then Google is likely to think I'm a great politician, and if I go to work for them after I retire, why not? What is illegal is bribery and diversion of funds and suchlike. You can't stop people from having opinions that company X or industry Y is awesome.
You don't understand Citizens United at all. Citizens United was a decision that said that the government cannot legally bar private individuals from expressing political opinions. Saying "you can't spend money on speech" is the same as saying "you can't print books, make movies, host websites, or do anything else without our permission". That obviously flies in the face of freedom of speech and freedom of the press. That's why the ACLU sided with Citizens United against the FEC - because the FEC wanted to be able to ban people from speaking out against politicians or about political matters without their permission. If you think that the government should be able to censor books, movies, websites, and whatever else, then you are fundamentally opposed to freedom of speech.
Sure, but if people didn't jump to conclusions based on the headlines, where would Reddit be?
They're sensitive to it precisely because it is socially awkward for them.
BLM aren't out full-force for the Democrats - they're basically the Democrats' tea party. The difference is they have no power because a lot of them are convicted felons. :V
How are they "aberrations"? They're real evidence. The second half of 2015 and the first half of 2016 have shown the same trends. Suggesting that reality is an aberration is ridiculous. Imprisonment rates haven't been falling for very long, so we wouldn't expect crime rates to be rising for very long either if the two are indeed connected. I suspect the real cause is a fundamental lack of regard for society, civilization, and other people from certain quarters of our society, though, more than the imprisonment rate.
You know, if you doubt the study, this is actually a fairly easy study to replicate - go out, find some ants, and try dabbing paint on their face (both visible and invisible) and expose them to mirrors, and see if only the ants that have visible paint on them groom themselves.
The IRS didn't actually target right-wing political groups for harassment, though. People just thought it did. The problem with banning people on the terrorism watch list from purchasing guns is that you're taking away people's rights without due process.
People who are felons generally lose their right to own guns anyway. It is also a common condition of probation.
Actually, the real reason is that there just weren't very many Native Americans in the first place. It is estimated that there are probably more Native Americans alive today north of the Rio Grande than there were when Columbus got here. The places where there were lots of Native Americans - Central and South America - are also the places where the people are noticably browner than Americans are because of interbreeding with the natives. You're right that the population crash was almost entirely due to disease, not people killing them, but the reality is that they were just never all that numerous to begin with.
A law abiding citizen with a gun WAS there and got into a gunfight with him but failed to stop him.
Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if this was the case. Ramadan during the summer has to suck.
He even managed to beat Andrew Kehoe, which is quite the achievement.
Really? Have you looked at the Middle East lately?
That's okay, you're never really sure of it on the news, either.
&gt; And also what in the fuck are you talking about? How is it bad to make it easier to sue a news outlet when they slander someone and lie? In the UK, the onus is on the defense. In the US, the onus is on the prosecution to prove their case. The UK is very strict about it; the US is very open. Consequently, it is much easier to criticize public figures in the US than it is in the UK. He hates freedom of speech. &gt; He's been one of the biggest victims of false negative press in modern history. The media pushed the agenda that he is a racist misogynist, neither of which is true or has any real evidence. I'm sorry kiddo, but he hasn't been at all. [He has known ties to the mob.](http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/02/ted-cruz/yes-donald-trump-has-been-linked-mob/). Many of his businesses were facilitated [by his ties to organized crime and racketeering](http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/05/donald-trump-2016-mob-organized-crime-213910). &gt; In his signature book, The Art of the Deal, Donald Trump boasted that when he wanted to build a casino in Atlantic City, he persuaded the state attorney general to limit the investigation of his background to six months. Most potential owners were scrutinized for more than a year. Trump argued that he was “clean as a whistle”—young enough that he hadn’t had time to get into any sort of trouble. He got the sped-up background check, and eventually got the casino license. &gt; But Trump was not clean as a whistle. Beginning three years earlier, he’d hired mobbed-up firms to erect Trump Tower and his Trump Plaza apartment building in Manhattan, including buying ostensibly overpriced concrete from a company controlled by mafia chieftains Anthony “Fat Tony” Salerno and Paul Castellano. That story eventually came out in a federal investigation, which also concluded that in a construction industry saturated with mob influence, the Trump Plaza apartment building most likely benefited from connections to racketeering. Trump also failed to disclose that he was under investigation by a grand jury directed by the U.S. attorney in Brooklyn, who wanted to learn how Trump obtained an option to buy the Penn Central railroad yards on the West Side of Manhattan. Trump claimed that Mexico was sending rapists and murderers across the border, when in reality, the crime rate from illegal immigrants from Mexico is somewhat lower than what you see from the locals - not really surprising if you think about it, because Mexico is more lawless than the US, so if you're a criminal, coming to the US exposes you to more danger. Most people come to the US to get a job and get money so they can send money back to Mexico, and in recent years, illegal immigration from Mexico has declined. This was widely regarded as a racist remark because it is one. Racists like Trump make claims like this because of their racism. His comments about the judge - who was, lest we forget, born in the US - were driven by exactly the same thing. Donald Trump is misogynistic. “It’s certainly not groundbreaking news that the early victories by the women on ‘The Apprentice’ were, to a very large extent, dependent on their sex appeal.” says Donald Trump. "If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband, what makes her think she can satisfy America?" This is of course ignoring the fact that he calls women who dislike him ugly, that he implied that the reason that Megyn Kelly asked him questions he didn't like was because she was menstruating. He's human garbage. There's really nothing else to it. He's the beneficiary of an enormous amount of free press coverage. The press acts as if he has an opinion worth broadcasting because they like controversy to get them ratings. Trump gets upset when people point out he is wrong about stuff - that he is inadequate - because he's a narcissist. Trump is threatened by competent people. As Trump himself has said: &gt; “And you’ll find that when you become very successful, the people that you will like best are the people that are less successful than you, because when you go to a table you can tell them all of these wonderful stories, and they’ll sit back and listen. Does that make sense to you? OK? Always be around unsuccessful people because everybody will respect you. Do you understand that?” Who respects Donald Trump? Failures. That's what he himself has said. He surrounds himself with such people because he is afraid of being inferior.
Trump confirmed for neo-Nazi.
To be fair, I immediately laughed when someone pointed out that the guy was from Florida today. But I understand why it doesn't belong on the sub.
Not at all. I've never cared. RPGs are about stories; I don't self-insert into RPG characters. One of the first major RPGs I played was FF6, which doesn't even have a traditional protagonist. I see RPGs in that way in general, even though almost all do have individual protagonists.
Non-hispanic white homicide victimization rate in 2014 in the US: 1.75 per 100k, between Finland and Belgium. Black homicide victimization rate in 2014 in the US: 15.5 per 100k. Blacks comprise less than 13% of the population but [commit over 50% of the homicides](https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2014/crime-in-the-u.s.-2014/tables/table-43) in any given year. There's also [no correlation between homicide rate and gun ownership rate on a state by state basis](http://i.imgur.com/zNMflzq.jpg). If guns caused homicides, we'd expect the states with the most guns to have the most homicides. That's not the case. We do see a correlation between [what proportion of the population is black and the homicide rate](http://i.imgur.com/nMDWu5q.jpg), though. The cause of the US having such a high homicide rate is our black (and to a lesser degree Hispanic, though their rate is only 3.5 per 100k - below the national US average) population; it is worth noting that countries with black and Hispanic populations [tend to have higher homicide rates than European countries](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Map_of_world_by_intentional_homicide_rate.svg). And no, it isn't poverty; there are more [poor whites than there are poor blacks or poor hispanics](http://www.theroot.com/articles/culture/2013/12/most_poor_people_in_america_are_white/). The cause is believed to be cultural in nature; it is known that breaking up ghettos lowers the overall crime rate, as well as that poor people who are raised amongst middle and upper class people exhibit lower crime rates than poor people raised amongst poor people. But destroying their culture and breaking up their communities is controversial; the people in high-crime ghettos often don't want to be separated from their community, and no one else wants to live around poor people thanks to NIMBY.
&gt; It was held that the language meant that the right to bear arms applied only insofar as men needed to be prepared to fight in their militia for a very long time. Actually, it never was! Sorry! People who claim this are unfamiliar with the case law. The Second Amendment is a very rarely ruled-upon amendment. Most of the rulings by the USSC happened before the incorporation of the amendments of the Constitution via the 14th Amendment; for instance, *United States v. Cruikshank* and *Presser v. Illinois* were both decided on the basis that the 2nd Amendment prohibited the *federal government* (i.e. Congress) from abrogating the 2nd Amendment, and that the states were individually responsible for enforcing 2nd Amendment rights (or restricting guns). After the 14th Amendment began being used to incorporate the other amendments (which was to a great extent one of its major purposes), it was pretty obvious that those rulings weren't going to stand up. &gt; As is, the court did affirm the right to bear arms for personal use, but even the majority decision explicitly says that that right does not cover all types of guns nor does it give you the right to carry wherever you please. So no, it's not a straightforward right. It is a straightforward right, which like all rights is subject to reasonable restriction when they come into conflict with other rights. You have the right to freedom of religion, but you don't have the right to human sacrifice or to commit murder in the name of your religion.
Mission creep. Like many US Government agencies, it ended up growing after it was created, and has a kind of misleading name. The Secret Service is similar; they were originally created to fight counterfeiting, then ended up getting drafted to protect politicians.
Anti-abortion people are engaged in constant terrorism against abortion providers and women who get abortions. They just don't kill people very often, in part because they are so heavily scrutinized by law enforcement due to their terrorist behavior. The sovereign citizens movement also often has ties to extremist Christian ideology. Same went for the nutters in Malheur. Remember Waco? Another group of religious nutjobs. No one is arguing anymore that Islamic terrorists aren't a major threat. But they're not the only one.
Define "shooters". Do you mean spree killers? Most spree killers are students who go nuts.
Really, he was a Dixiecrat. The Democrats never really got over the North/South divide. Hence why a lot of Northern Democrats pushed for civil rights, while Southern ones opposed it.
You're wrong and showing the same sort of signs of being unhinged as many other fringers. Obama isn't part of some vast conspriacy. Obama is gutless. He just doesn't want to be engaged in another war. He doesn't understand why using power is important, and he doesn't really believe in hitting people with the US's big stick. It is his fundamental problem. He backed off on Syria and doesn't want to admit that he was wrong.
To be fair, the question is whether that's worse than Trump running as their candidate. It isn't clear if that's so; if Trump moves the party to be the party of white nationalism, the Republican Party as a platform for people like Mitt Romney is effectively dead, and there just is no reason for the Mitt Romneys of the world to support them. It'd basically ensure that the Democrats would win until another political realignment happened.
My family's solution is to bring our own plastic bags and reuse them.
Countries really need to deal with this a lot better. Right now they've got poorly constructed laws about this stuff (which they intentionally created because the rich people wanted to avoid paying taxes).
Median income has gone *way* up since the 1980s. The reason the middle class is shrinking is because more people are moving *up* out of the middle class into the upper-middle class and upper class! Why doesn't the media say this? Culture of fear. If they say "Everything is fine," you won't be terrified enough to tune in. They lie to you constantly about this stuff. The unions have their own monopolistic agenda - they're afraid of becoming obsolete. We don't have significantly less jobs - we have *more* jobs. In 1980, there were only 90 million jobs in the US. Today, there are 144 million jobs in the US. There is no "really doing a number on us" - the US unemployment rate is lower today than it was in 1980, and we have about the same workforce participation rate.
That's almost certainly why they removed him from the case - the prosecutors were whining about it but the reality is that he was probably removed from the case because they didn't want to expose him to any more unnecessary flak from the public. Sadly, the public won't see it that way and will see themselves as being vindicated.
This is almost always the rule for workplaces that actually treat you decently - they expect people to work and be good at their jobs. The thing is, if people actually do their work and are good at their jobs, then the work has no need to be strict and can be understanding and stuff (and indeed, desperately wants to be, because, you know, they want to keep their employees, who are actually valuable and can find work elsewhere).
NYC has a vastly lower homicide rate than Washington DC. New Orleans has a vastly higher one.
&gt; Self driving cars are about to hit us in a big way and dry up not only things like truck driving jobs, but many of the ancillary jobs that count on truck drivers. Not really. Not only are there simply not that many jobs in transportation, but it isn't going to get rid of all of them. The job of people dealing with automated trucks will change and be different, but it isn't going to actually eliminate nearly as many jobs as people think it will, because in reality, there's a lot of other things that are involved in the system, and trucks are going to need to be supervised in any case so people don't rob them. &gt; Cabs, and jobs that are mainly catered around helping people with disabilities transport themselves will not be as necessary, as they'll be able to be a lot more autonomous. Yeah, and that won't be a problem. &gt; AI was recently 'hired' to replace lawyers. So even upper end jobs are not safe. Experts are predicting AI to be a 70 billion dollar industry by 2020. I'm actually familiar with this. A lot of things lawyers used to spend huge amounts of time doing have been automated and made vastly less time consuming. You know what the result was? *More lawyers.* You know why? Because people *don't hire lawyers to do that stupid busywork*. They hire lawyers to do things for them. The result is that the cost of lawyers doing things has gone down because they spend more time doing the things people want lawyers to do, and less time doing the necessary backend busywork of discovery and similar things. This means more employment for lawyers because it is cheaper for them to provide the services people want. Welcome to "Why automation doesn't actually eliminate jobs #1: It lowers the cost of doing things." Supply and demand is a thing. Now, some things are replacing some of the things lawyers previously did, but a lot of that was repetitive busywork anyway. Having an AI that works off of a template and builds something based on consumer demands is not even that hard, and allows you to draft simple paperwork like living wills and similar things. Though this isn't actually all that new; I've seen paper books that were basically fill-in-the-blank living wills, which didn't require anything more sophisticated than a printer - no AI at all. Lawyers - as most people think of them - aren't really being automated. But a lot of stupid crap that lawywers used to do is. And that's not a bad thing for lawyers. &gt; Robots and exosuits are reducing the demands of actual manual labor. Which has been the case for hundreds of years at this point. This is nothing new. That's what a tractor is! That's what the cotton gin was! That's what *domesticated livestock* was! &gt; Nothing is coming up to replace these jobs. Wrong. How many jobs involve the Internet today? How many involved the Internet in 1945? Whoops! The reality is that automation creates a ton of jobs. The reason is that automation lowers the cost of doing the work (thereby increasing the demand for it), lowers the cost of doing the work (thereby making it possible to do work now that couldn't be done before because it was too tedious or expensive), lowers the cost of doing the work (thereby allowing you to build new things built off of the old ones - the Internet is made possible by automation of production of computer components), and the new technology creates new jobs that are dependent on that tech existing (every job having to do with the Internet, telegraph operators, railroad conductors, machinists, ect.). The new jobs change over time. They're new! But the reality is that the trends have always been the same. You are claiming that almost all Americans are unemployed because we replaced 98% of our agricultural workforce. And yet, we're not all unemployed. You fundamentally misunderstand the nature of reality. We have automated the heck out of the US since 1980. We have 54 million *more* jobs than we had in 1980 in the US. &gt; No, unemployment isn't the problem in the inner city. Racism ladled over poverty is the problem in the inner city. Wrong. Wrong wrong wrong. Racism was worse in the 1950s. People were poorer in the 1950s. There was less crime in the 1950s. This is yet another example of you listening to people who don't have a clue what they're talking about rather than thinking for yourself. Look at the numbers. Look at *reality*. I know it is a scary place. But everything you believe is wrong.
Entitlement is the idea that someone *must* give you a job, that they *must* employ you, even though you aren't providing value, and want to spend all day screwing around on Reddit. You aren't entitled to a job - no one is required to give one to you. You must be a valuable contributor to their endeavors for them to want to hire you. Someone being barred from working is a violation of their human rights. But if someone can't be bothered to show up to work on time or treat their coworkers decently or get their work done, why would anyone *want* to employ them?
The way you'd compete with Amazon is by providing better services on a specific subcategory of products, thereby requiring less overhead while allowing you to beat them at one thing, giving you a revenue stream. You then gradually expand up and grow to compete with Amazon. That's how you beat a business like that - you slowly eat their business out from under them. &gt; Why should everyone have to stick with their shitty website when an alternative could be supported to compete and innovate? You're welcome to support an alternative. Go out, find some venture capitalists, get funded, build a business. If you can't do that, then clearly your business idea isn't good enough, because venture capitalists like making money.
&gt; The average agricultural worker does produce that, it's why small family run farms are disappearing, and those people are being pushed off land that was in their family for generations. Good. They should be doing other things. It isn't the job of society to subsidize your life choices. Also, "small family farms" is... well, how small is a small family farm? Remember, the majority of farms in the US are over 400 acres at this point. Farmland is worth about $2,000 per acre. $2,000 * 400 acres = $800,000 worth of land. Combined with a house and other stuff on the property, you're probably looking at the average family farm today being worth north of $1 million. How much sympathy do you have for people worth $1 million?
More jobs have been created than destroyed. We've increased the number of jobs in the US by over 50% in the last 35 years. That's when massive automation and outsourcing was going on. Your claims fly in the face of reality. &gt; Just because new jobs will exist does not mean they'll exist in numbers to offset the automation. That, is actually, the point of automation. To get more work with less. I already explained why this was wrong. Yes, the purpose of automation is to do more work with less labor. 90% of the population used to work in agriculture. 2% works in agriculture today. Did the rest of the population become unemployed? No! They got new jobs doing new things! That's how automation works - you replace the busywork with machine labor, freeing people up to do new things. That's how all of human civilization has advanced. According to your claims, the US should have about 88% of its workforce be unemployed now. Is that the case? No. Ergo, you must be wrong. Here, let's make this simple: In 2030, let's compare the total number of jobs then to the total number of jobs now in the US. Whoever is wrong admits that they're an idiot and were wrong about everything and that no one should ever listen to them about anything. Deal?
&gt; I guess I could strike up an argument with you regarding the notion that the 1950's thing is a fantasy, because I completely disagree and I believe there is ample evidence showing that the middle-class was extraordinarily stronger, that wages relative to costs of living were much better, and that upward mobility was at an all-time high in America as even single-income households could afford to not only live a sufficient quality of life but also save money in a way that modern families would completely struggle with. You could! You'd be wrong though. People lived in smaller houses with less, worse stuff. The poverty rate was much higher, with 27% of children and 35% of elderly people living in poverty in 1959, compared to 21% and 9% today. 41% of blacks were poor, compared to 27% today. Moreover, poverty was much worse, with poor people having much less of a safety net and being much materially poorer. The overall adjusted poverty rate fell from 26% in 1967 (after the 1950s - the poverty rate had already begun falling by then) to 16% today. The fantasy of the 1950s being a time of great prosperity is just that - people were much poorer back then than they are today. It is an inconvenient truth, and just another example of the Golden Age fallacy and nostalgia.
That's the problem with crap like this, though - it encourages bad lawsuits. I mean, between the gators and the flesh-eating amoebas, you really don't want to go swimming there. There's a reason for those "No swimming" signs.
Bingo.
They call it Disney WORLD for a reason.
Man, you must read nothing but stuff by David Icke. News Flash: there is no "oligarchy". Especially not with a capital O. No one is in charge of the world. I understand that terrifies you. But it is so.
So what's the advantage of the Kraken over the cooler in OP? More overclocking? I had my 6 year old compy's PSU burn out today and am presently working on assembling a new computer. TBH these posts are more or less along the lines of the sort of thing I'm going for. Also, what's the difference between a MSI and an ASUS Motherboard? Is there anything practically different about them?
WMDs were the excuse. The original reason was publicly available on the Internet even before Bush was elected president, via the Project for A New American Century's webpage.
Cores today are much faster than they were in the past, though, which makes this more possible to do. Hyperthreading also helps. I'm not sure if the cell processor was hyperthreaded or not; if not, then a 4-core hyperthreaded processor should be able to do it.
It did go bankrupt... in 2015. After *11 straight quarters of losses*. It actually is defunct now; it was sold off to General Wireless, which leased all the old stores to Sprint. There is still a "Radio Shack" in existence, but it isn't the same company.
Older than five years old, but nothing will ever beat [Bush: 'Our Long National Nightmare of Peace and Prosperity is Finally Over'](http://www.theonion.com/article/bush-our-long-national-nightmare-of-peace-and-pros-464) for veracity.
The article got funnier and funnier (or less and less funny, depending on your perspective) the longer his presidency went on. It was right about essentially everything, from the economy to wars to his social policies.
No, we don't rent anything anymore. Haven't in years.
Well, then, you can look forward to a look, not-so-productive future under General Wireless without any more corporate sales messing that up.
People who sleep 6-7 hours per day have the longest average lifespans for unknown reasons.
Those are so 50s it hurts. I love it.
Vermont has only 626,000 residents, the second fewest of any state. New York has 19,796,000 residents, the fourth most of any state - it has 31x the population. Vermont is somewhat below average economically for the US, while New York is above average.
Actually, tons of legislatures have called for them. Historically, when the number approaches the threshold, Congress passes the Amendment. This isn't surprising if you think about it, though; once the majority of the states support something, it is likely that the congresspeople representing those states will, too.
He's suggested attacking them preemptively. And his rhetoric is slanted that way.
The murder rate also goes down if you go back in time from 1994. So did the gun ban lower the homicide rate backwards in time? If you look at the long term trend: http://static3.businessinsider.com/image/5463783b6da811d82983136a-960/screen%20shot%202014-11-11%20at%205.56.18%20pm.png The homicide rate in Australia did not change substantially between 1950 and the early 2000s, and then underwent a rapid decline in just a couple years between 2003 and 2005, at which point it restabilized at a new, lower rate. You'll also note that the US homicide rate in the early 1990s was over 9 (note that they cut off beyond the peak of US homicides AND are misreporting the numbers - they're intentionally being misleading). It is now 4.5 Note that their graph on the US homicide rate overstates the US homicide rate today and understates it in 1993 and 1994. The actual US homicide rate in 2014 was [4.5 per 100k according to the FBI](https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2014/crime-in-the-u.s.-2014/tables/table-16). Here's the long-term trend: http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/images/murderrate.png Sorry, but the gun control site is lying to you. The US has seen a 50% decline in murder rates since the early 1990s. Australia has seen a smaller decline than that. This is why you don't swallow lies and you don't trust biased sources.
Idiots like this don't understand how to buy guns illegally.
Killing Trump is easy. Killing Trump if you aren't willing to die in the process is quite hard. Basically, you need someone who is totally willing to throw their life away to kill someone - which is rare amongst sane, sensible people. This is why almost all assassins are crazy people like this dude. Homeless mentally-ill vagrant who had nothing to live for.
Someone who suggests they'd support Hitler over (insert person who didn't commit serial genocide here) is generally either a fascist or suffering from pretty bad delusions. So basically, evil or the lights aren't on upstairs.
&gt; To be fair, there are just as many (or more) racist people in every other part of the country. No, actually, there aren't. This is why the South is the worst part of the US by all measures, and why the places where the South has improved have done so by being less Southern. The South has been the backwards backwater of the US from the beginning. Their initial reliance on slave labor retarded industrialization, and heavy racism and classism in the South effectively limited the labor pool for a very long time. Opposition to intellectualism and education has maintained it as a shithole. Ironically, it is still wealthier than most of Europe, though. The whole Southern Hospitality thing is largely a legend - people out West are hospitable without the racism and bigotry. I think it mostly comes from the cultural ideal that they might be poor, but at least they're proud, combined with plantation owners showing off to their rich friends. Also the fact that a lot of people in the Northeast are dicks.
You're a shitty shot with a pistol, then; [even untrained people](https://www.policeone.com/officer-shootings/articles/1227784-New-tests-Even-inexperienced-shooters-can-be-fast-accurate-when-shooting-cops/) can score headshots (a much smaller target than a human sized target) at that range at about that rate. Did no one ever teach you how to use a pistol? Or do you just not care? I mean, yeah, handguns are much less accurate than rifles; the sighting on them is significantly worse, and you're holding it from one point instead of two, both of which make for much worse shooting. But missing half the time at ten feet is pretty terrible.
Not really. Populations in developed regions have stabilized. TBH, I don't think mass starvation is going to be that big of a problem.
There's just no excuse for this sort of behavior. It is pure psychopathy. It doesn't matter what they did to you.
Depends on the ex, really.
Hm. Now I'm curious about my pants. Going to check. EDIT: 3 inches using the tape as a belt. Wasn't a proper tailor's tape (was a stiff measuring tape), so might be closer to 2-2.5. The government really needs to pass legislation about clothing sizes. They've waffled on it for ages, but forcing manufacturers to actually accurately label crap is important. Oddly, it isn't uniformly in one direction either: [some brands actually overstate the size of smaller jeans, too, for some reason.](https://www.buzzfeed.com/philipwylonis/one-skinny-dude-tries-on-10-different-pairs-of-jea-1j3vg) Not a single pair had the correct waist measurement.
&gt; They were the victims of a brutal slaughter in a school. We remember Trayvon Martin's name - is because he was a singular victim? What makes him more noteworthy than that group of kids? Because a bunch of people got agitated over it because they felt that it was about race. I remember Michael Brown's name as well for similar reasons. I don't remember the names of the later people that BLM freaked out over, though, because they didn't matter - they didn't start any important trends, they were just more of the same. &gt; The sentence shouldn't be "We remember Klebold and Harris' names because they had a major impact on law enforcement etc." &gt; It should be "We remember the students because their deaths had a major impact on law enforcement etc." Klebold and Harris were the people whose actions ended up shaping society, not the students who died. They're the ones whose actions mattered, for better or for worse (for worse, in their case). The media shouldn't be involved in propagandistic efforts or social conditioning. When you read about the events, it is about the killers and what they were doing, because they were the people whose actions were driving the events.
Well, maybe if Russia took their military seriously, it wouldn't be such a joke.
Oh, how quickly the Kansans forget. http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/states/kansas/history.php There has been exactly ONE 4.5+ magnitude earthquake in Kansas in the last 5 years. That's entirely normal for the area.
Not especially. Once you understand just how many people donate, you'll realize that there's no way that Clinton could even remember them all.
The point is that every form of energy has its costs and risks. Solar panel production is far from clean, which is something a lot of people don't recognize or want to understand. The goal of having a diverse energy portfolio is reducing reliance on any one energy source, which is hugely beneficial to a country, and is also better for the environment.
Wouldn't be surprising at all. We already have AIs trading stocks. This actually lead to one [stock crash](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Flash_Crash) when multiple poorly programmed AIs interacted with each other.
Is the UK willing to settle for not being very important in the world, though? That's kind of the problem - the UK either needs to be a part of the EU, or it needs to form some sort of Anglosphere thing, or else it will be kind of irrelevant like Australia and Canada.
There's an underground tunnel. The water goes down into the tunnel. When the wave comes in, it fills up. When the wave goes out, the water goes pouring down the hole.
That one suggests after you account for IQ *and* lifetime violence, suggesting IQ alone is insufficient to explain the difference. I'm not terribly surprised by the result, though.
Uh, we've been automating jobs for hundreds of years now. 90% of the American workforce used to work in agriculture. Today, it is 2%. And we produce like twice as much food as we need, among other things. Did that mean everyone doesn't have a job? No. Automation eliminates *positions*. It doesn't eliminate *work*. As we automate stuff, we just do different, more productive things with our work time. More of the population is employed today than was in 1970. The idea that eliminating jobs = no one has a job is just wrong. The US economy turns over the entire workforce worth of jobs on average every 6 years. That doesn't mean that every single job goes away once every six years, but that we destroy an entire workforce worth of jobs that often. Is everyone unemployed? No.
I'd put higher odds on Trump ending up in jail within the year than Hillary, between Trump University and his past connections with organized crime.
The main problem is that Spain has been blocking Kosovo, so clearly Spain doesn't see it that way.
Seeing as they have no reason to lie in favor of either, really. Both lists are obviously a bit biased, though.
Heh, I still have a political cartoon from the 2000 election stuck to my wall. It is a bunch of guys standing around in gas masks, with one of them asking the other, "Still glad you voted for Nader?"
The polls were all within the margin of error on the results.
&gt; That's why The UK left, because you're scaring the lower portion of the population with a lower quality of life. I think you mean "worthless human garbage gets told that all their problems are because of those dirty foreigners by evil people, when in reality, the reason they're poor is because they suck, but no one wants to tell poor people that because then they won't vote for them." Cheap labor is hugely beneficial because it lowers the price of goods and services, which makes everyone effectively wealthier. If you're so inept you can't do better work than some uneducated schmuck who got fished out of the Aegean Sea two weeks ago, what the heck have you been doing with your life in a developed nation? &gt; undemocratic EU The EU has a parliament. The UK elects people to said parliament. How is that "undemocratic"? That's how democracy works! The reason people say that the leavers are ignorant xenophobes is because they are. There are literally people in this thread claiming that they didn't get to elect their representatives in the EU parliament. They did. They just couldn't be assed to vote for them. &gt; Besides, true globalization is impossible while ancient religion still exists. You mean like the belief that those dirty foreigners or rich oligarchs are what is making you poor? The UK economy is going to get worse, not better, as a result of this decision. That's worse for the lower classes, not better.
The US is the #2 exporter in the world, second only to China.
Welcome to Reddit! You clearly haven't spoken to anyone here. Spend some time reading stuff here and then come back and tell me how enlightened and educated the masses are. Be sure to visit r/futurology, where they think that everyone is going to not have to work in ten years, and r/the_donald, where they think that they'll be enslaving the Mexicans by then.
It is Cameron's fault. And the mob's fault. And frankly, Scotland's fault. Cameron did it to get elected. The mob did it because they're stupid. Scotland's behavior towards the rest of the UK ended up with Cameron getting elected. Obviously the UKIP and the more idiotic Tories can be blamed too. Farage deserves a great deal of blame.
Basically, he campaigned on the idea of a referendum to try and win the last election by appealing to conservative far-right xenophobes. He wanted to gain power, and did so by offering the option of the referendum. He figured that the people of the UK wouldn't be so stupid as to vote to leave the EU, so he thought he'd just get elected based on his promise of the referendum and then nothing would happen. Surprise! They were. After all, they elected him. That's why he resigned - he's utterly fucked. He was trying to gain power, and now he's done incredible damage to the UK - possibly broken it.
I think it is fair to say that it was on Cameron's head, seeing as he's the one who called for the referendum in order to get elected. It isn't JUST on his head. But he deserves a great deal of blame.
Well, the way the exchange rate is going, they'll be worth about the same in a week or so.
Given people in the South literally hold up signs saying "Don't cut my Medicare to pay for socialized medicine" (when Medicare *is* socialized medicine)...
They voted for Leave. Clearly they didn't want those benefits anymore. It would be wrong of Westminster to give them money they deliberately voted against receiving.
Well, that was a bit obvious.
&gt; Globalisation has allowed Auckland's homes to be bought up by rich foreigners,pushing the price of housing up for young families. This has nothing to do with globalization. Also, the reason that housing prices have gone up in cities is because the amount of real estate is limited and banks are willing to lend out money, and because old people have lots of money. Because a lot of people actually earn more money than they spend, the result is that older people end up with big stockpiles of money. A lot of them "invest it" in real estate. The main cause of the increase in prices is not "rich foreigners" - the cause is baby boomers being prosperous and having lots of money, and well-off people with money to blow spending money on limited real estate to avoid commuting. Also, a general shortage of housing units in the city, as they fail to build enough additional housing (in the form of high density housing, which many people may not want to live in anyway - think tall apartment towers). They sank that money into housing and now they expect those houses to be worth more money. If people simply refused to buy/rent in Auckland, the housing market would crater there. As long as people are stupid enough to pay $800,000 for a house, they're going to keep selling them for that. Also, a lot of those people work to prop up the real estate market to avoid their houses devaluing. For instance, in the 2008 Great Recession, the government intervened to prevent housing prices from hitting their true values rather than their overinflated ones because they didn't want baby boomers to lose the money that they'd invested in real estate, because people saw it as retirement money. &gt; Real wages have decreased. Real wages have increased vastly since then. People used to live in much smaller, lower-quality homes with lead-soldered pipes, poor insulation, no television (let alone cable), no Internet, no microwaves, no video games, crappy old movies, no VCR/DVD/Blu-Ray, ect. The people who claim real wages have declined are, I'm afraid, simply flat-out wrong, and in some cases, are deliberately lying to you to manipulate you because they benefit from your outrage. If you look at the economic data, this is very clear. The idea that it is all going to the rich is, again, a means of manipulating you. Real wages have increased dramatically. &gt; I don't understand this fallacious globalist thinking that the economy can continually expand forever and forever and nothing will come of it. It isn't fallacious at all. The economy continues to expand because humans become ever more increasingly productive. As long as human productivity increases, the economy will continue to expand, and people will continue to grow wealthier. The economy is a result of human labor and effort multiplied by automation. &gt; The world has a limited amount of natural resources. This is far less relevant than you'd think. The main constraint is, in most cases, not natural resources, but human effort - basically, whether or not we consider it worthwhile to do something. There are physical limits (most especially the amount of water available in inland areas far from the sea or ocean), but in most cases (like, say, the amount of iron we have), the limiting factor is mostly how much we're willing to pay for it rather than how much there actually physically is. &gt; It's time we moved away from global capitalism. Stop using the Internet, computers, and medicine, and don't eat any food you didn't grow yourself. If you aren't willing to do that, then you are saying that global capitalism is good.
To be fair, there's evidence that evolution has, over time, gotten better and faster at doing stuff. After all, what species are going to be most favored overall? The species which are *best at evolving*. This is why sex exists, for instance - sex is inefficient compared to asexuality, but asexual species are much more likely to go extinct than sexual ones. That said, the most likely cause of this is actually that the fungi can use UV light for energy, and gamma rays also work by exciting the melanin in the fungus in the same way. So the adaptation may have already existed, it is just that the fungi do well around Chernobyl because they're sitting on a food source which they happen to be able to use well for other reasons.
The most likely cause is that the melanin in question also responds to UV light, which *is* abundant on the surface of the Earth.
Yes, it costs less money. But it is still the best graphics card available on the market. Economy of scale is a thing.
You can kill ants with it too. Apparently brake cleaner works in much the same way.
Hey, leave me out of this!
I think he was kidding on the square. The people who believe that "globalists" and "rich people" are taking over the world are no different from the lizard people believers or the people who believe that Jews secretly rule everything. In fact, there's considerable overlap between the old "Jews secretly rule everything" and the new "Globalists secretly run everything", with globalist often being used as a euphemism for Jew.
We should pass a law which bars all anti-abortion protestors from protesting anywhere but inside chruches. After all, according to your logic, they don't have the right to protest wherever and whenever they want to.
"Hello, brother."
&gt; A lot of people said it was impossible, and anybody that believed it was a nut job. I was alive during that time. I don't remember people saying "that's impossible". Indeed, I remember quite the opposite, people talking about the logistics of it and the big data centers the NSA was building. I think you may be suffering from revisionist history syndrome.
Yeah, because Hillary is taking the correct position. The people who are opposed to TTP/TTIP don't have a clue what they're opposing; they're like the Brexiters. The TTP and TTIP are both a good thing which is going to make everyone wealthier by lowering the prices of goods.
Only idiots actually hate people like George Will. We may disagree with them, but we don't hate them.
How many Democrats are in denial about racism in the black community? It is the same thing, really - people don't want to acknowledge inconvenient truths or say bad things about people who are on their side. The Republican party has rejected its roots and is now in white nationalism territory, which is pretty much the *exact opposite* of what it was originally.
Too bad it smells so bad; you gotta stand well upwind.
Basically, the idea here is to ask her questions about a bunch of crap and hope she either lies or makes a mistake which can be construed as a lie. By constantly and incessantly putting her on the stand, that's what they're driving for. The reason people can plead the fifth is precisely to prevent this sort of badgering. You have to understand this is the entire point of these non-scandals. I'm fine with putting her up on the stand if we put up every single person who is a part of this and asking them if they have any contact with the RNC, if anyone in the RNC has encouraged the investigation, if anyone has mentioned how it would affect Clinton's chances in the election, if anyone has pushed anything for poltical reasons, ect. Because if so, that's a felony offense.
I think she did something *foolish*. I haven't seen evidence that she did something *illegal*. Making the wrong decision and breaking the law/being a bad person are two different things. What she did - which she SHOULD NOT have done - was co-mingle her private email, Clinton foundation email, and her Secretary of State email. That is a *STUPID* thing to do. But there's no evidence that she broke the law. &gt; Do you even understand what goes into keeping a computer network secure? Yes, I do understand what goes into this. You, however, clearly don't understand what is going on on even the most basic of levels. What happened was that people in the government talk about classified information, summarize it in emails, ect. **These emails are not on an intranet** - if they were, it would be impossible for Clinton's server to have received those emails in the first place. These emails are sent out over the regular old Internet. What happened was that Clinton, rather than using a government email server (which IS connected to the Internet) for her Secretary of State emails, instead set up a private email server of her own. Why? As with all things, the answer is "because it was easier for her to use one email server for everything than it is to use separate email servers." It is a pain in the ass to use multiple separate systems, so Clinton asked someone to set things up so she could easily deal with all of her email in the same place, which is why her private correspondance, Clinton Foundation stuff, and Secretary of State emails all ended up comingled. It was a foolish thing to do. But lots of people want their emails to all be conveniently in the same place. The very fact that you think this was on an intranet indicates a fundamental lack of comprehension of what was going on. What happened was that people (as people often do) summarized and talked about classified information in their email correspondence with Clinton. And they didn't mark it as being derived from classified material (which would itself make it classified). Of course, the government also over-classifies stuff, which means a lot of nonsense that shouldn't be classified gets classified, but that is neither here nor there. There's no evidence of criminal wrongdoing on Clinton's part.
Uh, no, it demonstrates I'm correct. Every time I ask someone what they dislike about the TPP, they say something which is factually incorrect or indicate a complete lack of comprehension of what it is about. I've [repeatedly](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4pyj3p/members_of_the_democratic_national_convention/d4ph3u6?st=ipzy5ezb&amp;sh=b6987c0b) [explained](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/4pyj3p/members_of_the_democratic_national_convention/d4phig2?st=ipzy5x2e&amp;sh=c3349241) it to people, and you can find more if you want to go trolling through my posting history. Suggesting I'm simply saying "no one against it gets what it is about" is incorrect; I do say that, and then demonstrate it. It is what happens every single bloody time. Hillary isn't perfect. I'm not stupid. But I'd vote for her over someone like you any day of the week.
You mean like the Leavers who claimed that the EU was undemocratic, despite them voting for people in the EU's parliament? Let's face reality here: the idea behind democracy is to get a government that works well. When democracy doesn't generate such a government, it is failing. For example, take Egypt or Iraq. Democratic. Failed states. Egypt ended up being retaken over by its military due to its inept voters.
You have already put a value on human life. You have already said those people in Africa aren't worth giving your money to, because you're not doing it right now. Your money is worth more to you than their lives and suffering is. To claim otherwise is to lie. How much are you willing to spend to save another person's life? Are you willing to spend all your money to do so, for a person you've never even met? You're not. Because you don't. You already put a value on human life. You just refuse to admit it to yourself.
Yeah, this is the real problem. It isn't arrogance if they actually are the best. But most people aren't, and don't put in the effort to be so.
The problem is that there is actually a literal loser mentality. Studies have found that people who believe good work pays off actually do better in life than people who don't. Like, actually believing that effort will result in you achieving greater success makes it much more likely that it will. It makes sense if you think about it; you're probably more likely to invest the effort if you actually believe it will pay off.
That's national debt, which has... basically no effect on private citizens. Really, at present borrowing rates, debt isn't a huge deal. It will be more of a problem if/when borrowing rates go up.
Women who have osteoporosis are instructed to consume more calcium. This results in women with osteoporosis consuming more milk. If you had read anything other than vegan propaganda you'd know this. It is the same reason why people who drink diet soda are more likely to be fat - because fat people are more likely to choose to drink diet soda. &gt; Vegan propaganda site Sorry! You might want to do some actual research. Nutrition Studies is about as reliable a source as Timecube. Actual randomized experimental studies have failed to show any benefits whatsoever to a vegan diet, or any harm caused by milk. Though, if we're going to go with your "logic" here, little milk is consumed in Africa, and it has extremely high homicide rates and high rates of poverty, as well as lower average IQ in studies. Therefore, according to your own logic, milk must be good. As it turns out, none of that is actually attributable to milk - but it is exactly as reliable as your data (which is to say, not at all).
Because that worked out for the other Republican and Democratic candidates so well? Stein is a loon. Johnson is not insane, but the Libertarian party is, and one of his proposals is basically to eliminate income tax and apply a 23% consumption tax on *everything*. Which means higher taxes for the poor and lower taxes for the rich.
I enjoy that model's 0 toss-up states.
The TPP is actually good for working class Americans, because it means more American exports and lower prices on goods (which working class Americans are more sensitive to).
You have to poll at least 15% in at least five national polls to get on the debate stage. No one is pulling that. Stein isn't even remotely close. Johnson would need to about double his average support to get there. The only way I can see Johnson making the debate stage is if he gets endorsed by a bunch of big Republicans, but if that happens, Trump is utterly screwed and Hillary wins in a walk.
No, his having a poor platform is fact, not opinion. His platform is genuinely, empirically bad. Economists will tell you that his tax plan is terrible. There's a reason why we use graduated income taxes. Consumption taxes discourage consumption, which is what drives the economy in the first place. They make poor people poorer, while rich people (who spend less of their income on stuff), are taxed less. It is a regressive tax system. Likewise, abolishing public schools is an awful idea. Stein's platform is outright denial of reality combined with granola woo.
It isn't a coup d'etat, but a legal removal from office. More Nixon than French Revolution.
Their original budget was $1.6 billion. Their final budget was $16 billion. It was a pants-on-head disaster as far as the budget went. And it isn't like Greece was rich to start with.
All bread contains chemicals. You contain chemicals.
The irony is that this sort of thinking is why the Mormons are nervous about Trump; as a historically persecuted minority religion which is viewed with suspicion by many, they think they're next. Though, in all fairness, they did murder a bunch of settlers and try to take over a town back in the day.
I understand that you have absolutely no knowledge of what you're talking about whatsoever, but had you ever actually read any of the relevant laws, you'd know that Hillary's odds of being charged with any of the is pretty much nil. The reason is trivial: she hasn't broken any of them. If you actually bother to read the relevant laws, for Hillary to have broken them, she would have had to deliberately take classified material herself and send it out. There's no evidence she did so. The reason the investigation is ongoing is because a lot of people sent her emails, some of which were summaries of information which was classified, and such summaries would themselves be classified. The people who sent those emails may have done so improperly and may have broken the law. Also, you know, political bullshit. If someone sent me a classified email from the State Department, the FBI would investigate. But *I* wouldn't be under investigation. Are you capable of distinguishing between those two things?
Taking after Bob Dole, I see.
I'm surprised that you think that grass-fed beef tastes better; a lot of people feel the inverse, or just can't tell the difference. Grass-fed beef isn't as marbled and tends to be leaner, and a lot of people like the flavor profile of the fattier corn-fed beef (fat is delicious :9 ) and prefer the texture (grass-fed beef tends to be chewier as a result of its lower fat content). I'm personally in the corn-fed beef crowd; I like my meat tender.
It bothers me that empirical facts are considered racist. Reality cannot be racist. &gt; Roughly one-third of Trump supporters described blacks as less “intelligent” than whites, compared with about one-fifth of Clinton supporters who did the same. Among all respondents, 22.5 percent suggested whites were smarter than blacks. [Blacks in the US have an average IQ 1 standard deviation below whites.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_intelligence#United_States_test_scores) This is a well-known, well-attested scientific fact which is not in dispute in the psychometric community. It is responsible in large part for the [achievement gap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Achievement_gap_in_the_United_States) between blacks and whites. The cause of the gap is unknown, but that it exists is a fact. &gt; Nearly half of all Trump supporters described blacks as more “violent” than whites, compared with nearly one-third of Clinton supporters who did the same. Among all respondents, 32.8 percent said whites were less violent than blacks. This is again correct; [blacks make up only 13% of the population](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demography_of_the_United_States#2013-2014_birth_data_by_race) but [blacks commit about a third of all violent crime in the US](https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2014/crime-in-the-u.s.-2014/tables/table-43), including half of the homicides and robberies. Both the FBI and the [NCVS](http://www.bjs.gov/index.cfm?ty=nvat) agree with this. &gt; Nearly half of all Trump supporters described blacks as more “criminal” than whites, compared with nearly one-third of Clinton supporters who did the same. Among all respondents, 33.2 percent said whites were more lawful than blacks. Again, black crime rates are higher than white crime rates; [blacks make up only 13% of the population] but [blacks commit about 28% of crime in the US](https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2014/crime-in-the-u.s.-2014/tables/table-43), including half of the homicides and robberies. Both the FBI and the [NCVS](http://www.bjs.gov/index.cfm?ty=nvat) agree with this.
This isn't racist. [It's a scientific fact.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_intelligence#United_States_test_scores) Blacks in the US have an average IQ 1 standard deviation below whites. It is responsible for the bulk of the achievement gap.
Affirmative action almost always benefits the people who are already on the top of the socioeconomic strata for the "lesser" group, meaning that ordinary members of it don't benefit at all.
Make America Great Again is all about a personality cult. It is the idea that America is not great (when it is, in fact, the greatest country on the planet - we're the richest people on the planet, and yes, that includes our poor people, who are in the top 30% globally by wealth, and our median people, who are up there with Switzerland) and that he will make it great. It is a giant con job, as it isn't actually based around any actual policies which will help. Hardly surprising, given that Trump himself is a con man with mob ties. Sanders's "Future to Believe In" is about, well, BELIEF, not reality. I mean, let's face it - his platform was a mess. He has no understanding of international trade and wants to revoke the right of free speech. Not exactly a guy I'd believe in. "I'm With Her" is a saying, saying, you know, "I agree with her." Which, you know, hopefully her supporters would?
Free trade doesn't fuck workers. Anyone who claims this doesn't understand free trade. Free trade screws anti-competitive monopolies. Yes, if you work for an anti-competitive monopoly, you might lose your job. But literally everyone else benefits from it. Free trade lowers prices (making everyone else rich) and creates jobs (more exports and cheaper raw materials).
I'm more concerned about the fact that people want to appoint ideologues to the Supreme Court. I want people who are competent above all else, and actually understand the Constitution, rather than go on rants about other crap.
Go through the sources list on the [race and intelligence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_intelligence) article on Wikipedia.
It's fun! I'd say "except for the time that I got doxxed for editing a Wikipedia article", but that would imply that the doxxing was bad (it wasn't) - moreso the people on Wikipedia who were involved in that particular dispute were not the funnest people to deal with.
"Can I help you?" a voice said. Was I hearing things? I must be hallucinating. Then I looked up and saw a guy walking toward me, wearing a cowboy hat. A helicopter was idling a short distance behind him. If I had been at Edwards and told the search-and-rescue unit that I was going to bail out over the Rogers Dry Lake at a particular time of day, a crew couldn't have gotten to me as fast as that cowboy-pilot had. The gentleman was Albert Mitchell, Jr., owner of a huge cattle ranch in northeastern New Mexico. I had landed about 1.5 mi. from his ranch house--and from a hangar for his two-place Hughes helicopter. Amazed to see him, I replied I was having a little trouble with my chute. He walked over and collapsed the canopy, anchoring it with several rocks. He had seen Jim and me floating down and had radioed the New Mexico Highway Patrol, the Air Force and the nearest hospital. Extracting myself from the parachute harness, I discovered the source of those flapping-strap noises heard on the way down. My seat belt and shoulder harness were still draped around me, attached and latched. The lap belt had been shredded on each side of my hips, where the straps had fed through knurled adjustment rollers. The shoulder harness had shredded in a similar manner across my back. The ejection seat had never left the airplane; I had been ripped out of it by the extreme forces, seat belt and shoulder harness still fastened. I also noted that one of the two lines that supplied oxygen to my pressure suit had come loose, and the other was barely hanging on. If that second line had become detached at high altitude, the deflated pressure suit wouldn t have provided any protection. I knew an oxygen supply was critical for breathing and suit-pressurization, but didn't appreciate how much physical protection an inflated pressure suit could provide. That the suit could withstand forces sufficient to disintegrate an airplane and shred heavy nylon seat belts, yet leave me with only a few bruises and minor whiplash was impressive. I truly appreciated having my own little escape capsule. After helping me with the chute, Mitchell said he'd check on Jim. He climbed into his helicopter, flew a short distance away and returned about 10 min. later with devastating news: Jim was dead. Apparently, he had suffered a broken neck during the aircraft's disintegration and was killed instantly. Mitchell said his ranch foreman would soon arrive to watch over Jim's body until the authorities arrived. I asked to see Jim and, after verifying there was nothing more that could be done, agreed to let Mitchell fly me to the Tucumcari hospital, about 60 mi. to the south. I have vivid memories of that helicopter flight, as well. I didn't know much about rotorcraft, but I knew a lot about "red lines," and Mitchell kept the airspeed at or above red line all the way. The little helicopter vibrated and shook a lot more than I thought it should have. I tried to reassure the cowboy-pilot I was feeling OK; there was no need to rush. But since he'd notified the hospital staff that we were inbound, he insisted we get there as soon as possible. I couldn't help but think how ironic it would be to have survived one disaster only to be done in by the helicopter that had come to my rescue. However, we made it to the hospital safely--and quickly. Soon, I was able to contact Lockheed's flight test office at Edwards. The test team there had been notified initially about the loss of radio and radar contact, then told the aircraft had been lost. They also knew what our flight conditions had been at the time, and assumed no one could have survived. I briefly explained what had happened, describing in fairly accurate detail the flight conditions prior to breakup. The next day, our flight profile was duplicated on the SR-71 flight simulator at Beale AFB, Calif. The outcome was identical. Steps were immediately taken to prevent a recurrence of our accident. Testing at a CG aft of normal limits was discontinued, and trim-drag issues were subsequently resolved via aerodynamic means. The inlet control system was continuously improved and, with subsequent development of the Digital Automatic Flight and Inlet Control System, inlet unstarts became rare. Investigation of our accident revealed that the nose section of the aircraft had broken off aft of the rear cockpit and crashed about 10 mi. from the main wreckage. Parts were scattered over an area approximately 15 mi. long and 10 mi. wide. Extremely high air loads and g-forces, both positive and negative, had literally ripped Jim and me from the airplane. Unbelievably good luck is the only explanation for my escaping relatively unscathed from that disintegrating aircraft. Two weeks after the accident, I was back in an SR-71, flying the first sortie on a brand-new bird at Lockheed's Palmdale, Calif., assembly and test facility. It was my first flight since the accident, so a flight test engineer in the back seat was probably a little apprehensive about my state of mind and confidence. As we roared down the runway and lifted off, I heard an anxious voice over the intercom. "Bill! Bill! Are you there?" "Yeah, George. What's the matter?" "Thank God! I thought you might have left." The rear cockpit of the SR-71 has no forward visibility--only a small window on each side--and George couldn't see me. A big red light on the master-warning panel in the rear cockpit had illuminated just as we rotated, stating, "Pilot Ejected." Fortunately, the cause was a misadjusted microswitch, not my departure.
Widowmaker can cloak herself, too! That's why her teammates never see her at the objective.
No, Otaku are basically anime geeks. [Hikikomori](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hikikomori) are people who don't have normal social interactions.
&gt; Will those workers get paid enough to be able to buy all those products? Yes. As your society gets wealthier, pay goes up - even in professions which don't end up having as large of productivity increases. A good example of this is haircuts - if you look at the price of haircuts in the 1970s vs today, they've gone *way* up. But haircuts are haircuts - the average haircut has only barely benefitted from new technology in decades. This is a fairly well-known economic phenomenon. If your average productivity goes up, wages rise as well - indeed, [total compensation (including both wages + non-wage benefits like healthcare) consistently tracks with productivity.](http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2013/07/productivity-and-compensation-growing-together) Moreover, mass production and economy of scale lowers prices, which makes stuff more affordable as well. Overproduction is punished in a capitalistic system, because it is spending resources on something that people don't need. You lose money as a result. The idea that it is "specific" to capitalist economies is simply wrong, however; it simply happens when people produce more than is desired. This can happen in any economic system, and indeed, systems with central control can have the same problem. This actually was seen in China during the Great Leap Forward, when they tried desperation tactics to rapidly industrialize the country. Tens of millions of people starved while they produced relatively little value for their work. It was a misallocation of resources and a very costly one at that. The idea of greater productivity making people unemployed is simply backwards; as it turns out, the greater your productivity is, the higher your wages end up going and the more value your society outputs. Remember, if I automate something, at that point, my society can then produce whatever I was producing before, *plus* whatever I can produce with my newly freed-up human labor resources (which are the ultimate scarce resource in most economies). As such, a society will always produce more after automating, because now you've got [Machine resources] + [human resources] rather than just [human resources]. &gt; what is the value of all this extra value to me? Are people going to have to spend all their free time buying stuff made by robots? Not really, no. The complexity of products increases. We still fly 747s, but modern ones are more complicated and have more features than older ones. We've gone from land lines to cell phones to smart phones, and computers, too, have improved massively over time. The Internet created an explosion of content because it gave people a new way to consume content. Overall consumption goes up, but the complexity of our goods also goes up. We get smart cards, smart grids, smart highways. We end up with ever more sophisticated stuff around us. And of course, people's desires continue to grow, as people want bigger houses and cars and everything else. Any particular individual will consume a different amount of goods, but no one person is a dictator who gets to say everyone else has to consume things the same way as they do. From health care to websites, people consume a variety of things in a variety of ways. Not everyone consumes the same things, but everyone consumes something.
To be fair, in a lot of situations, it would make more sense for the hook target to keep getting pulled towards the roadhog a little after an interrupt, with their speed diminishing as normal.
[Just think of the first man to ever do a rocket jump.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XzdZ4KcI8Y)
Google says that it isn't. :( Now if you'll excuse me, I've got a bone to pick with a lying furniture salesman...
HOTS has better game design. The anti-snowballing features are good design, and the lack of itemization is a good thing as well. It is designed to be streamlined, and it leads to a better experience and shorter game times (which is important, because spending a large amount of time in a lost game is a big thing that makes people salty). It isn't really a casual game; it is far too fiddly to be casual.
MOBAs have a number of inherent design flaws. The biggest one is the fact that losing teams take too long to lose. The best MOBAs - Awesomenauts and HOTS - both have mechanics in them for the purpose of making a lost game end more quickly, but even still there are situations where you're losing for far too long. A game shouldn't be over until it is over, but both Awesomenauts and HOTS have games that are effectively over before they're actually over. Contrast to Overwatch, where a game is only really over for a few seconds before the game formally ends (when your whole team is dead and the other team is pushing the objective, or everyone is dead and the time is out). MOBAs are also grindy. They have a specific sort of grindy gameplay loop for gaining xp/levels that, if it doesn't appeal to you, is likely to be boring. Plus they're pretty repetitive.
To be fair, I'm pretty sure that in the case of fatal mutations, this reversion would happen early enough that they would die in utereo.
A lot of binge drinkers are just straight-up alcoholics. We just don't think of them as binge-drinkers because we're conditioned to think of college kids partying. Fun fact: the top 10% of Americans drink over 10 drinks a day on average (over 70 per week). They consume more alcohol than the entire rest of the population combined.
The difference isn't actually large enough for that to be true; the difference between southeast Asians and other ethnicities is less than half of a SD, probably closer to about 5 IQ points. Down Syndrome drops your IQ by 30-50 points typically speaking, sometimes more.
That's ridiculously stark.
This. Crap, it isn't just games, it's everything. I remember as a kid, I would stop blinking.
&gt; No one's ever had a problem with getting PROPERLY outplayed by a Roadhog Lol. People bitch about this all the time. In fact, 99% of the bitching is properly being outplayed. "BS hooks" are usually not, in fact, BS. &gt; It IS, however, good that you can hook Anas properly. DPS players have a hard enough time killing her, let alone Roadhog. She needs to be killed easier. Ana is mostly hard to kill because of her darts and her ability to back off and still be effective. That's sort of the point, really. It will be nice for Roadhog's stuff to be more consistent against her, but TBH, when I run Roadhog, I don't have that much trouble with her relative to, say, Genji and Lucio, who often seem to get pulled to strange positions.
I misread this as "I just quietly digest the morons" and was like "Well, I guess cannibalism is ONE answer."
It didn't actually bring in more drugs, either. But people like to believe stupid shit. We know from prohibition that prohibition greatly reduced the consumption of alcohol in the US and had a permanent effect on alcohol use in the country. The drug war very likely lowered drug use and addiction.
Hyperloops are hideously expensive if they can even be reasonably built. There's a good reason why we use planes, trains, and cars - and a good reason why the Concorde failed to gain real traction.
And, you know, *cars*? Because we actually do trade with Mexico and shit? And people go back and forth over the border?
I don't think you recognize what terrorism is. &gt; "Domestic terrorism" means activities with the following three characteristics: &gt; Involve acts dangerous to human life that violate federal or state law; &gt; Appear intended (i) to intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination. or kidnapping; and &gt; Occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the U.S. Beating the shit out of people in order to intimidate a community constitutes terrorism from a legal staandpoint. It doesn't actually require you to kill anyone, just perform acts which are dangerous to human life which are otherwise against the law for the purposes of coercing a civilian population or the government. I have my doubts they'll actually bother to charge them with terrorism, but the idea that terrorism is just exploding rental cars and decapitated reporters isn't accurate.
No one told whoever said that they were the worst part of society, but here we are.
One of the worst series of epidemics ever wiped out 90% of their population within half a century. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1576_Cocoliztli_epidemic#/media/File:Acuna-Soto_EID-v8n4p360_Fig1.png Ironically, it is believed to have been a native disease.
That's because it ultimately didn't really accomplish much except for the British finally really recognizing American sovereignty, much to the dismay of the Native Americans who they'd been secretly arming to fuck over America's expansion.
The problem with this argument is that we know from [this study](http://www.daysyn.com/Morrot.pdf) that wine scientists can be fooled into misidentifying a *white wine* as a red wine by *adding red food coloring to it*. Moreover, while +-4 doesn't sound that bad, it is when you have results as narrowly banded as the wine experts results are. Moreover, [other studies have found](http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2011/10/you-are-not-so-smart-why-we-cant-tell-good-wine-from-bad/247240/) that, for instance, wine experts are incapable of reliably distinguishing between expensive wines and cheap wines, and that by describing a wine as more expensive or less so, you can get them to significantly alter their rating.
&gt; I agree there are a ton of "wine snobs" out there who judge a wine solely based on price who are assholes. The problem is that there's significant evidence to suggest that critics' ratings are heavily influenced by their knowledge of the price or supposed quality of the wine. Unless the critic has no idea what wine they're tasting, their rating is unlikely to be reliable. Crap, you can get wine scientists to misidentify white wines as red wines by adding food coloring.
They can't. So, here's the thing: these programs are really good at doing stuff like Go because Go has a defined parameter space to work in. But if you're running a business, you don't have such a fixed, easily defined space with easily defined rules. The reason why Go was so much harder than chess is because of degrees of freedom. Running a business has vastly, vastly more degrees of freedom than Go does, and there are relatively few well-defined rules.
I'm actually in the middle of an experiment about this very thing. I rated every episode in a TV series a while ago, and am presently working through and re-rating it. I'm curious to see how close my numbers end up. Subjective ratings aren't really a science, though, and shouldn't be treated as such.
We have no idea. The present sample size is too small to really get any sort of accurate numbers. The problem is that we have about 1 death per *billion* miles driven in ordinary vehicles in the US. This means that in order to get a good gauge on how safe autonomous vehicles are, we'd have to drive them for many billions of miles. The first death from an autonomous car happened this summer. The actual vehicle system in question - Tesla's autopilot - had only been engaged for 130 million miles at that point, which could suggest a rate much worse than humans... but of course, it is also possible that it just happened so soon by chance. Note that the collision *was* the fault of the Tesla - [the car didn't detect a semi-truck and didn't brake.](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/07/01/business/inside-tesla-accident.html?_r=0) Autonomous vehicles may be more likely to get in crashes in general - [we know this from a 2015 study,](http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2015/10/31/study-self-driving-cars-accidents/74946614/) But most of those were very minor vehicle collisions - they weren't fatal accidents - and the confidence level in those findings isn't great. To really distinguish between the human and autonomous driving safety record, we'd have to have autonomous vehicles drive many, many times further than they have cumulatively up to this point - and have them have very, very few more deaths. Another problem is driving conditions - many autonomous vehicles have been tested under relatively safe conditions (highway driving), which have lower accident rates than residential driving on a per-mile basis.
It isn't that uncommon. Blacks get charged with them fairly frequently - about as often as you'd expect, really. What is uncommon is hate crime charges based on black-on-white violence, as opposed to, say, anti-gay or whatever.
A lot of the time it is because they're simply more vulnerable to victimization, same reason why people who suffer from mental illness are targeted. Most of them aren't hate crimes, though; they're usually based on simple victimization.
It's because people are retarded. The Mike Brown shooting was clearly justified, and they rioted even more when it became clear that the reason why Brown was shot was because he was a criminal who had attacked a police officer. The reality is that they wanted to hurt people and steal and break shit and used it as a justification for their shitty behavior. There wasn't a problem in Charleston because the locals didn't want to hurt people and steal and break shit.
Monsanto didn't make the pesticide.
[20 year high,](https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/files/2015/07/bees.png&amp;w=1484) not all time high. But yeah, it is grossly overstated.
So what do you guys think of HoPiKo? I've been messing around with it a bit (I left it open while doing other things for a bit as well) and I dunno... it's kind of weird. It isn't really what I'd think of as a platformer. It's really more of a speedrunning/twitch game. Not that that's really a terrible thing, just not quite what I expected. So far the game seems... okay, I guess? I dunno. It seems to really want you to 100% stuff. The first bonus round (in world 1) is very hard, and the fact that there are no mid-check points is very annoying.
You do know that FurAffinity exists, right? And e621?
&gt; You keep claiming there is no evidence that autonomous cars are safe because there aren't enough autonomous cars on the road. So then how can you support that "it is worse"? Did you even bother re-reading your own post there? The point of low statistical certainty is that you cannot tell whether or not it is better, worse, or about the same. It could be any of those, because the sample size is too small to draw any useful conclusions from them.
Trying to interfere with foreign government's internal lines of succession and stuff is a great way to start a war. A lot of wars have been started by that very thing.
The thing is, a lot of people don't ever get out of it. Also, she hasn't had a major role in like four years. The other problem is that actresses tend to have a shorter self-life than actors due to Hollywood stuff, which makes it harder to make a comeback.
Except that isn't what happened, because the money given to them by the US government was used for other things, and the two events were separated by time. So you're just flat out lying at this point. Why do you feel it necessary to lie?
Must be in the South.
*not socially maladjusted FTFY
The problem is precisely that the people in that environment *don't* care. The police care, but their care is distant - they aren't a part of it, they're people who are called on to deal with it. The locals? If the locals actually cared, this shit wouldn't be happening. The fact is that people just don't. Or at least, not enough of them do. "The city" is too nebulous a thing to care. It is the local people who need to care.
Oh child, cultures can be and often are shit. If you disagree, then you think that human sacrifice, the subjugation of women, honor killings, and all sorts of other things are okay because various cultures have said those things are okay and practiced them. So, are you in favor of those things? Because if not, you must acknowledge that it isn't racist to recognize a culture as being shitty, because none of those things have jack shit to do with race. If you think those things are okay, then you're evil. So which is it? Remember also: not all black people are part of the shitty culture of places like Chicago. In fact, the *majority* of black people aren't. The idea that all black people share the same culture - which is your implicit assumption here - is, ironically, racist itself. Try again.
If you died tomorrow, would it really matter?
Leaving behind swastikas when you walk is kind of hilarious, but I'm pretty sure that it was intentional. Crap, the boot is even named after a Nazi military movement. It wouldn't surprise me if someone was taking the piss out of them, but getting nice little swastikas to show up... well, that takes some effort. It isn't surprising they got pulled.
Which is retarded. Lots of people fail to kill themselves, leave gunshot residue, ect.
You have to prove beyond reasonable doubt that someone broke the law. Because so many people believed that the housing market would never go down, it is very hard to prove that any individual person knew that the market was going to crash, and thus it is hard to prove that they were acting fraudulently instead of just being stupid.
It's pretty easy. Draw a straight line from your right ear to your left cheek through your head.
Surprisingly, Chicago has had murderless days this year. [They actually had four straight days without a shooting in December 2016,](http://chicago.cbslocal.com/2016/12/22/chicago-goes-4-days-without-fatal-shooting/) which was the longest they'd had all year.
It was Wedge.
Except for GPS. GPS takes advantage of relativity instead. Suck it, Newton!
All cultural taboos are ultimately arbitrary. But that doesn't necessarily make them wrong or even ridiculous. There are countries where both male and female nipples are verboten. Remember, there was a time in this country when navels were seen as risque. Cultural standards are what they are. The nudity taboo in western countries is stuff related to babymaking and pooping. From that standpoint, it makes sense that female nipples are seen differently from male ones.
Yeah, if you really don't want corrosion, you'd better use titanium.
Well, yeah. You get your magical powers from the true believers. He wants to separate them out so he doesn't hit the wrong people with lightning.
There's more than one religion that says that all non-believers will go to hell (or the equivalent thereof). Therefore, we can project that all souls will go to hell. :V Also, there's no particular reason to believe that any religion on Earth is the correct one.
Depending on what you mean by race, it is or is not a social construct. There are population groups which correspond to the "big races". Calling groups which heavily intermix with those around them a "race" is a stretch, but like, Caucasian, sub-Saharan African, Asian, Polynesian, Amerinidian, ect. are real things which are genetically distinct subpopulations. You cannot determine anyone's race from a single gene (well, in most cases), but you can by looking at someone's entire genome. That said, the dividing lines on such groups is often confusing to people - Indians, for instance, are Caucasian. Their dark skin is a result of evolution to the local environment, but genetically they're more closely related to Europeans. This isn't very surprising if you actually look at them, though - their facial structure resembles that of Europeans more than other population groups.
&gt; If you showed any fear, they were on you like bloodhounds. This is a survival trait; if something shows fear towards you, clearly it isn't dangerous to you and you can bully it. If it doesn't, then clearly it must be dangerous and you can't mess with it. It makes sense - fights are costly and dangerous. You don't want to get in a fight with something that can fight back.
Yeah, but if you're acting like you're scared of them, clearly they can take you.
It isn't fair to blame it on Nixon; the public doesn't like spending money on NASA. Congress is who decides whether or not to cut the budget, and Congress doesn't want to spend a lot of money on space.
Lots of swans aren't aggressive. Some are. Most geese aren't aggressive, but some are, too.
More of a Celestia fan, huh?
These people are utterly insane. Physical contact with people is an entirely normal part of human interaction, and acting like people should never touch each other causes people to not really understand how to react to normal human interaction.
Everything has trade-offs. In terms of electricity:environmental damage, hydro is very favorable.
It is the mass of the object relative to other objects in its orbit. Pluto's mass is negligible compared to that of Neptune. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clearing_the_neighbourhood If you look at it, there's a huge gap between Mars and Ceres (which has done a better job of "clearing its neighborhood" than Pluto has) - depending on which parameter you use, there's between three and six orders of magnitude difference between Mars and Ceres.
It would require a big tax hike, which would never pass Congress. It would also encourage even more people to go to college, which is actually a bad thing - a lot of college degrees are worthless, and indeed, the more people who go college, the less valuable a degree becomes. Most jobs don't require college degrees in the first place.
The real problem is that the rate of increase in costs is ridiculously high, but higher ed hasn't gotten appreciably better. People are getting ripped off.
&gt; Either way you're filtering people who can go, why is it more justifiable to filter it based on money rather than skill? We filter by skill in the US as well, but we allow a larger fraction of the population to go to college than most of those countries do. &gt; Also, most European tax rates are significantly higher, but compensated for by medical being involved. In the US we spend 18% of our GDP on medical care, it's half that in most nations. With transportation costs, the gap widens even more. This is rather misleading for a variety of reasons which are too complicated to go into here. Also, the US heavily subsidizes Europe, which is likely coming to an end soon, which is going to upset the Europeans pretty badly when they have to live in reality.
Really, this is just typical "They have double standards!" Most likely, the real reason that the other games haven't been banned is that they haven't been brought to their attention.
Man, the first time I ever felt heartburn, I thought I was having a heart attack, because I knew one of the symptoms of it was pain right in the middle of the chest. I felt kind of stupid and simultaneously enlightened when I found out why it was called heartburn.
Did he get fired?
Yup. I mean, that's why the chip is in the documents.
The damage change is very small.
Sometimes Pharah, Hanzo, and Widow just have to stand on the payload or point.
The reality is that you're simply wrong and you can't admit it. You started out wrong, and now you can't back down because you are scared of losing an argument on the Internet. Every competent game designer will tell you that a lot of players will tard out over minor nerfs. It is quite obvious that the change did not make much of a difference. Ergo, the idea that she is now "squishy" is psychological. Crap, she has more hit points than any other tank in the game. Literally any other tank. She has a shield which can eat projectiles. This change only barely reduced her hit point total - only a handful of characters are going to notice any meaningful difference in how much damage they do to her.
Because there is a lot of top-level integration.
&gt; Who are people like me? Far-right nutters. &gt; Do you think it's possible there are people who disagree with the way Social Security is designed and would like to see an alternative system? It is certainly possible to disagree about proper governmental policy. However, to claim that Social Security is a Ponzi scheme is an outright lie. If you lie to support your point of view, that suggests you know that your point of view is wrong, because if your point of view was right, you wouldn't have to lie to support it. What makes something a lie is deliberately or recklessly making an untrue statement. It is possible to make a mistake. If, however, people correct you and you double down on it, it makes you a liar. Going back through your posting history, you have a long history of calling people "bigots". The problem is, you don't understand what this word means, or you simply lie about it as a means of insulting people. (Also, it doesn't help that you yourself are a bigot, as noted by your whining about gay marriage.) The trouble is, to put it bluntly, you simply aren't capable of having a polite conversation. One of the core tenants of polite conversation is not lying about the shit you're saying; lying to someone's face is extremely impolite and shows you to be untrustworthy. The reason why you believe FDR is evil is because you are opposed to him. This of course means he must be evil, because otherwise, *you* must be evil. And you can't accept that. It is basic psychological projection and avoidance of personal responsibility.
This isn't even funny though. Maybe if you'd shopped it so the post looked like it was going up his ass...
&gt; The value of unskilled labor declines every year because it's competing with automation and we keep making more people. This is incorrect. The value of unskilled labor is continuing to rise, it is simply rising much more slowly than the value of skilled labor. This creates a larger gap. But it isn't because unskilled labor is becoming less valuable; it isn't. Wages are continuing to rise at all levels. It is because the higher-level jobs are increasing their pay more quickly. That said, some of this is actually "false productivity" - a result of inflation, primarily in the financial and real estate sectors.
To be fair, if there's a character in the game who can make that boast, it's Roadhog.
Because the last character is Soldier 76?
The person I was responding to wanted to make it so that his self-heal couldn't be interrupted.
It is mostly an "unanswered question"; we're pretty sure that humans are responsible, but it is difficult to prove. Given that megafaunal extinctions have followed the spread of humanity, it is a good bet that if something goes extinct when humans get there, humans were responsible.
We can track you anyway. Don't do shit on the Internet if it will ruin your life if it gets tracked back to you. I had someone threaten me the other week because they knew my RL name, until I made fun of them by pointing out that "Titanium Dragon" isn't meant to be anonymous, it's more of a pen name.
FYI, it is very easy to distinguish between Chinese/Japanese and Korean once you understand how it works. [Hangul](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hangul) is the Korean alphabet and looks like this: 훈민정음. If you look at the symbols, you'll see that what look like a single sign are actually multiple independent, fairly simple signs stuck above/below/beside each other. This is because Hangul is an alphabet - it has consonants and vowels, like the Latin alphabet, and is written in blocks, each block consisting of 2-6 letters. Each block forms a single syllable. It is a pretty cool way of writing. Conversely, Chinese and Japanese use Chinese characters, so when you see something like 传/傳, it is Chinese or Japanese Kanji writing. These are pretty complicated, but don't have the same sort of look of multiple distinct-but-simple characters above/beside each other. Japanese also has Hiragana, which looks like ひらがな, which look kind of like simplified Chinese characters, and don't have the distinctive multiple symbols stuck in blocks look of Korean. Hiragana is a syllabary, where the characters represent symbols. Katakana, which is another Japanese syllabary, looks like this カタカナ and is frankly probably not distinguishable. But you can definitely tell the difference between Korean and Chinese/Japanese, as the Korean Hangul looks very different from the Chinese and Japanese writing systems.
So he's finally agreed to stop flying?
This is a black comedy sub. If you aren't trying to be funny, you're in the wrong place. Just go through the showers in the back and someone will be with you shortly.
Did you report him to the mods? I'm pretty sure Reddit doesn't like having people like that around; it is bad for business. Not to mention it being illegal to harass people. Plus there's always the police. Like, the actual police. People like that often have criminal records (as people who tend to make bad decisions often make a lot of them) and thusly are terrified of and hate the police. Would explain why he hates the government so much, I suppose.
Better Montana than Oregon!
Well, it is a trap for the very stupid. Drug users are often pretty fucking stupid. Also oftentimes high, drunk, or otherwise intoxicated.
Their 2003 logo is good. Why would they abandon it?
&gt; Average wealth is not the same as median wealth Median wealth and median income have been going upwards. Median household income doubled between 1990 and 2015 in nominal terms. Median household income was $28k/year in 1990, $56k/year in 2015. Remember, when people tell you that someone else is robbing you blind, chances are, the person saying that is the one who is trying to deceive you. &gt; Less Science, less research. Yeah, sorry, but you're wrong and you clearly haven't paid attention to any development in, oh, the last 30 years if you think that. Why do you think that so many important Internet companies are from the US? Pharma companies? Technology companies? Lemme ask you this: who told you this? Why would they lie to you? And what were they trying to manipulate you into believing by lying? &gt; Hyper-religious rhetoric too. Yes. You are a great example of this. You're a fanatic. Your world view isn't based on reality, it is based on faith and belief and ideology. I mean, you're literally wrong about everything. You're literally posting on a platform that says "You are wrong" simply by EXISTING.
Pretty sure that meme is like, a decade old now.
I look forward to her. Freezing people and ice walls? I'm sold!
The question is whether or not procedurally generated characters are things we can really care about. The problem is that generic NPC lines are not generally a good way to get us to care about things, and procedural generation tends not to work well for creating an emotional connection to a faux person. I think you forgot what the point of the thread was, which is specifically about procedurally generated characters. There are definitely tricks to making a character more meaningful/memorable, but they are things people write, not things that the computer can just auto-generate.
Fabulous!
It is a horrible idea to begin with. The matchmaker should put people in the appropriate rank. The OP is literally saying he wants the matchmaker to be worse.
Yup. Lack of differentiation meant that there was no incentive towards team play.
That's how it works. You donate money to the person you want to win in order to help them win. Hence campaign contributions - they are contributions to their *campaigns*.
&gt; There's no practical way to determine win/loss odds for every single possibility space, and it would be an impossible game design challenge to try and ameliorate this problem while at the same time making comeback games still possible. [It isn't impossible; a number of games have done it.](http://www.sirlin.net/articles/slippery-slope-and-perpetual-comeback) Heck, Heroes of the Storm achieves both ending games faster and comebacks with the *same mechanic* - objectives. If you are truly winning the game, you can grab an objective and go stomping around with it and end the game pretty fast. But if you are on the back foot, you can with a won teamfight capture the objective yourself and get a big boost behind you. If you manage to turn things around, you can greatly equalize things with a captured objective; if you're crushing the enemy team, you can cap the objective and go stomp them and end the game then and there. There are other examples as well - Puzzle Fighter, because the higher the blocks are on your screen, the more blocks it dumps on your opponent if you break them, means that having a full screen means you're in deep trouble (you're about to lose!) but if you manage to bust some blocks you can suddenly dump a lot of blocks on your opponent all at once. But at the same time, if your screen is almost full, your opponent can finish you off with not that many more blocks. &gt; In Chess, you can easily end up in an endgame position where you have no possibility of winning without a serious unforced error from your opponent, which is why very skilled players who can foresee this possibility space will resign the game by knocking over their own king. Yes. Chess is a two-player game, though, so it isn't really problematic if a player resigns. &gt; In Soccer, you can have, for example, Brazil's 1-7 loss to Germany in the 2014 Fifa semi-final. That game was "over" in the first fifteen minutes yet the poor Brazilian players (and fans for that matter) had to endure seventy five more minutes of this game because there is no resign or surrender mechanic in Soccer. Does this make Soccer a worse designed game than MOBAs? I highly doubt it considering Soccer is the world's most popular sport. Soccer isn't that well-designed of a game either. You're making the assumption that popularity = goodness. But soccer is "the most popular sport" because a lot of people watch it on TV - not that many adults play soccer on a regular basis at all. The fact that there is no mercy rule in soccer is kind of bad given how long it is. &gt; I would argue that the carry experience is exactly what makes MOBAs compelling. It creates the possibility space for one player to be the star of the show, the hero. And this is precisely why it is so toxic and why it breeds toxicity. People thinking that they are *the* star/protagonist in a *team* game is hugely problematic and it leads to noxious, toxic behavior, aggression, jealousy, ect. It is an enormous design flaw in a multiplayer game for people on the same team to not all have the same "star power", because people are naturally going to want to play the star role, which results in problems because not everyone can be the star. This is the single largest toxic mentality in gaming. People become primping prima donnas and blame all their failures on everyone but themselves because clearly, it was everyone else's job to support them! This is a basic aspect of cooperative multiplayer game design. It is a classic pitfall. It is also something of a trap, because in reality, generally speaking, you do need your team, even as the carry, and are dependent on them, which leads to even worse problems because people want to play the game in a way that it only very rarely supports. But they try to play it that way all the time, and then it doesn't work, and then they get angry and take it out on everyone else. The whole thing is an enormous design flaw. It plays into a dark part of the human psyche and amplifies misery, anger, and scapegoating. It promotes those things and attracts the sort of person who engages in such behavior. That's not desirable at all. And this really goes back to the topic of this whole post. The very reason why people get butthurt over playing support is exactly this inherently toxic mentality. &gt; But every single game is essentially a skinner box. Skinner Boxes are about repetitive behavior. In LOL or DOTA 2, you're literally playing on exactly the same map, being rewarded over and over again with levels in game and stuff out of game on a regularized schedule. HOTS does it as well, but has more variety. When a game encourages players to do the same thing over and over again to get rewards on a schedule, that's operant conditioning. Mario is not trying to addict players to the gameplay; there is a clear goal (beat the game) and while there are peaks and valleys, it isn't trying to keep people playing it forever. It has a clear beginning, middle, and end, while MOBAs try and keep you playing indefinitely.
It is a job. And not even one with a particularly high fatality rate; there's a lot of jobs which are more dangerous than military jobs. You're very unlikely to die in the US military. It is our old axiom, really: "Your job isn't to die for your country, it is to make that other son of a bitch die for theirs."
So here's the thing. Imagine you and your opponent both have 80 ping. That's 5 frames at 60 FPS. Your opponent does something at t = 0 that kills you/prevents you from doing whatever. You do something 1 frame later (so t = 1 frame). At 5 frames in, the server receives the input from the other player that they did something that killed you. The server will send it out on its next update (so 6 frames in) to you that you were hit and stopped from doing something. At t = 11 frames your computer gets that message, and on t = 12 frames it actually shows you what "really" happened. That's 1/5th of a second, minimum, where you are dead/stunned but don't know it yet. It may be even more, if there's a bit of extra lag in there randomly somewhere or other for various reasons.
40 ping is more than two frames. Realistically speaking, you're probably looking at 3 frames from the other person to the server, at least 1 frame on the server, and 3 frames from the server to you, plus at least 1 frame on your end before you see what "really" happened. That's 8 frames, or about .16 seconds, that you have to "respond" even after you've really been hit on someone else's client.
*The Beginner's Guide* was made by one of the people involved. *Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist* was made by the other. I thought that the Beginner's Guide sucked. It was boring and the twist didn't affect me at all, and I wasn't emotionally invested. I loved *Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger, and The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist*, and I look forward to the next Crows Crows Crows game. Note that Dr. Langeskov is [totally free on Steam, too.](http://store.steampowered.com/app/409160/Dr_Langeskov_The_Tiger_and_The_Terribly_Cursed_Emerald_A_Whirlwind_Heist/)
I find this very concerning.
I thought the Twins were cool. I liked the setting reasonably well. But the enemies didn't feel very interesting from a story standpoint, the plasmids (sorry, salts) made little sense in the setting, and I felt like there were only four characters who felt all that developed (Booker, Elizabeth, and the Lutesce Twins). The rebels felt pretty one-dimensional, and Comstock was only somewhat interesting. I also spotted the central plot twist super early in the game, so the revelation about Elizabeth, Comstock, and Booker didn't exactly come out of nowhere at the end. It had no moment like "Would you kindly?" from the original Bioshock to me, and the game on the whole was not terribly memorable - I remember a few areas, sure, but nothing really felt like it was hugely impactful to me. And I did care about the gameplay, as I spent a lot of time looking in garbage cans, and then you know, fighting the random enemies. Repetition is actually a means of *emphasizing* something, which is why repetition which has nothing to do with anything important is bad.
&gt; See, what I'm saying is that that's a problem with the player, not the game design. Gameplay influences player behavior. Heavily. If the gameplay promotes, encourages, rewards, or attracts certain behavior, that is a problem with the gameplay, not the players. All games are heavily dependent on player behavior; that's how they function, after all. If a game promotes certain behavior in its players, that is the fault of the game. Supports are built into MOBAs. They exist in the game. They may not have been an intentional design feature initially, but they were totally there from the start. The gameplay encouraged players to play in that way. Thus, it happened. Later MOBAs explicitly built for and designed the role in, but it had already existed from the beginning. It wasn't a player choice; it was something that the game promoted, just like Chess promotes certain opening moves. &gt; it is just that that is not the optimal way to play The thing is, the optimal way to play is the way the game is telling players to play it. If certain behavior is optimal, then the game is encouraging said behavior. On top of that, the game having mechanics which frustrate players is the fault of the game, not the players. This is a basic and vital principle of game design. &gt; The fact that you can run unorthodox team compositions in MOBAs speaks to the flexibility and strength of the game design. The metagame is NOT the game design. Actually, no - exactly the opposite. There is something known as a trap choice in game design. A trap choice is a choice which seems like a real choice, but in reality is just worse than other choices. It is called a trap because it "traps" the player - you're doing something which is just suboptimal, but the game is presenting it as if it is an equally valid choice. This is bad design. The only choices which really matter are the ones which are actually valid. Invalid choices are just clutter which disguises the valid choices. They're not meaningful choices, because they're not viable options. A game is better off for excluding traps choices altogether, but that is not always an option for various reasons. But a game should steer players away from invalid choices. [David Sirlin talks about this on his website.](http://www.sirlin.net/articles/balancing-multiplayer-games-part-1-definitions) [He actually talks about them in a few articles, with the "Wheat from the Chaff" bit being devoted to it.](http://www.sirlin.net/articles/balancing-multiplayer-games-part-2-viable-options) A non-viable option is just a means of screwing over players; it doesn't make the game better. Overwatch, for instance, will allow you to make any team, but it will pop up a warning on your screen that your team doesn't have any healers or tanks or has too many snipers or whatever. You *can* ignore that, but you're doing so at your own peril - the game isn't pretending like your team of six defense heroes is a good idea, as you'll pop up several displayed warnings for making those choices. &gt; You cannot account for the behavior of 9 other random people when analyzing a game design. Uh, yeah, you can. In fact, you have to. There's literally no other choice. A multiplayer game is being played by a large group of people. If you've got 5 people on each team, your game has to be designed around that idea. And asymmetric team games are designed around various team compositions. In HOTS and Overwatch, the minimum is at least 1 healer, at least 1 tank, and at least one DPS; if you do that, then your team can function. If you fail that, you lack a lot of basic team functions and can be in real trouble and are generally playing at a large disadvantage. Can you win with such comps? Sure. But the game won't be even close to even in most cases. Indeed, in Overwatch, the 2/2/2 comp is very common and most of the best comps have at least three non DPS characters. How players end up playing the game is very important, as is the struture of a team. You have to take it into account with game design, because you have to take into account how actual people play the game. If you fail to do that, you fail as a designer. You must have in mind how the players will play and experience the game while designing it. &gt; I am saying you can divorce other players from gameplay mechanics, and any fair assessment of a gameplay mechanic ought to be from critical analysis of the mechanic itself. The thing is, how players react to mechanics is part of how the mechanic functions. If going out and killing boars in the woods is the optimal way to level up, a substantial number of players will do so because it is the optimal way of levelling. If it is suboptimal, but it is totally risk free, compared to riskier options elsewhere, then understanding player psychology and their risk aversion is important. If you can win in a totally riskless way, a lot of players will do that, even if it is tedious to do. Design choices have consequences in player behavior. &gt; So, what gameplay mechanic specifically is making the player miserable? The Gold mechanic? Because that, being a limited slippery slope, is not in and of itself a bad thing even in the Sirlin article you referenced, and there actually being rubberband mechanics/comeback mechanics, like the shutdown gold reward, means that blaming player toxicity monocausally on the slippery slope design can't be right because MOBAs are not full-on slippery slopes. They do have aspects in the design that make comebacks not only possible, but actually quite frequent. Games are a series of interlinking systems which create emergent complexity. The biggest thing that makes MOBAs miserable is the emergent gameplay factors which result in being in a lost game for 10-20 minutes, with a "lost game" being defined as a game where your team has a less than 10% chance of winning. LOL and DOTA have major slippery slope problems with gold and xp, where you can get way ahead of the other team and that makes it even easier to get further ahead. Yes, there are some limited comeback mechanisms, but if you are ahead in DOTA or LOL, you are more likely to get further ahead than you are to fall back to parity. You can't say "well, there are comeback mechanisms" and claim that the game does not have slippery slope problems; comeback mechanisms are only relevant if they counteract the tendency of the side with the advantage to get further ahead. If being ahead makes it easier to get even further ahead, that's slippery slope, not perpetual comeback, as that's precisely what slippery slope *is*. In HOTS, the further behind you are, the faster you gain xp, and the higher level you are, the more xp it takes to level. This means that if you gain an xp advantage early on, it will amount to less later in the game unless you expand that advantage; just to maintain the same level of advantage, you need to keep outplaying the other team, otherwise, your xp advantage will naturally decline. Moreover, objectives get more powerful over time, meaning that if you capture an objective later in the game, it becomes more devastating. This naturally means that a team which is far ahead a decent distance into the game can push for the win, but if the team which is behind grabs an objective, they can do significant damage with it. This is a neat mechanism because it both ends games if your team is far ahead after a while in the game, and because it serves as a comeback mechanism if you are behind, as the advantage the leading team has grows smaller over time as the objectives can do them more damage later on in the game. In Overwatch, the attacker has the spawn advantage at the start of their map, as their spawn is closer to the objective than the defenders' spawn is. The further into a map you go, the more of a spawn advantage the defenders gain, until the end, where the defenders spawn a couple rooms away from the final objective. This means that the attacker has the advantage at the start, and the defender does at the end - the further the defense is holding, the harder it is for the defense, while the further the offense pushes, the harder it is for the offense. This is an example of limited slippery slope - the team which is winning has a harder time of gaining a further advantage. Taking the first capture point is easier than taking the last one. Pushing the payload gets harder the closer to a checkpoint you get. But many of these things exist in LOL and DOTA as well. So what's the real difference? Why are they slippery slope? The reason is primarily because of last hitting. In LOL and DOTA, you gain more by last hitting enemies. If you are ahead, not only are you more able to last hit enemies due to your greater power allowing you to more safely do so, you're also denying the opposition last hitting opportunities because you can gank them if they try. This means that being stronger both makes it easier for you to get extra resources AND easier to deny your opponent resources. And while this is true in HOTS as well, it is both a lot harder to totally deny people resources (as they just have to stand nearby to gain xp), and there re other factors which counteract it (the people who are behind gain more xp, and there is also a passive xp gain over time - you will, if you sit around in your base, gradually level over time, even doing absolutely nothing at all. It is also worth noting that HOTS has a lot of mechanics which are dual use as comeback/finishing mechanics. Mercenaries can serve as a tool to help stage a comeback, or can help a dominant team to quickly end a game against a team which can't fight back. They're also an advantage of limited slippery slope - seizing a merc camp gives you a temporary advantage, but if the other team kills the spawned mercs (and it is easier to do so) the advantage goes away.
&gt; I have the feeling that you expected a different game and therefore weren't able to just dive into it. Quite the opposite; it was exactly what I expected, which was actually a big problem - it lacked the capacity to surprise me. The only thing which really felt exciting to me was the Lutesce Twins, because they were an interesting idea and the actual characters were fun to see around the world. They had some really great scenes, inserted some much-needed humor, and they had several great bits of dialogue. &gt; Many of your points of criticism are correct, but I personally didn't even notice them while I was playing. To be fair, evaluating stuff is somewhat subjective. I would have likely enjoyed Bioshock Infinite more if I had never played any other Bioshock game, as it would have felt fresher, but it still wouldn't have wowed me. The first Bioshock game also did a better job of integrating story and gameplay. The central twist in the original Bioshock made use of the linear gameplay of the game, turning it into a part of the story. Atlas asked you to kindly do some things, and you did, and then it turns out that [you were being mind controlled.](/spoiler) It was not only a twist which played with the medium of video games, but because it was dependent on the gameplay, it made what you did a part of the story in an integral way. You had no real choice and [that was the entire point.](/spoiler) &gt; That makes them important for the story, so I see no problem with repeating waves of enemys. Does it really make sense to mow down waves of enemies, though? And wouldn't that be deeply traumatic for poor Elizabeth?
I'm not sure if I understand your comment. Did part of it get cut off? What's with the "t." at the start?
To be fair, the market is really responsible for this. If people didn't buy this crap, companies wouldn't sell it. Also, I've never really had a problem with CS:GO's model. TF2 was more annoying because of weapons actually mattering. DOTA 2 is very skinner-boxy but so are most MOBAs.
They did work on both L4D3 and on HL3. HL3 has been in development hell; they did some dev work and then it died. L4D3, we don't really know, but we do know that they had a substantial number of people working on it. L4D3 is the game I have the most hope that they'll release.
The idea that they haven't innovated in 10 years is just bizarre. Yes, Crysis, Battlefield, and CoD have been around for a while, but it isn't like they're exactly the same games; CoD did a big thing with Infinite Warfare to change its multiplayer, Crysis 2 was a big improvement over the original and had killer multiplayer, Bulletstorm did a lot of clever and innovative things, DOOM (2016) was a very interesting update of the old formula with new technology and design techniques, there's the Wolfenstein game, Titanfall is a thing, and of course there's Overwatch. &gt; Judging from so much of the praise and positive buzz Doom single-handedly revitalized the twitch shooter. I played DOOM and definitely had fun with it, but I have to say that by the end of that game I was very much done with it. I don't think making DOOM-like games is actually a good idea; DOOM was ridiculously polished, but I think that if several games like it came out in a year, they wouldn't do very well.
How many people do you need working on DOTA 2? It isn't a complicated game and it isn't that hard to produce cosmetics and periodic new characters. You don't need a huge team for it.
Worse, this number is inflated by the Orange Box, which contained HL2 as a pack-in. I have a copy of HL2 sitting on steam that I can't give away because all my friends already have it.
They could have not used humans and just gone with aliens. Do something in the Prothean era, or do something in the pre-human contact era.
There's lots of games that use procedurally generated content well - Disgaea, Spelunky, Terraria, Starbound, FTL. But they're generally simpler games without much in the way of story, or the procedurally generated content is side content (Disgaea's weapon dungeons).
[We put all our points into intelligence to max out the tool use skill, so in the endgame we could do everything.](http://www.nerfnow.com/comic/1526) We're the best at PvP. Suck it, tigers!
You can be extradited from most of the world. And sued. Even if you're not in a country with an extradition treaty, if you have an American warrant out against you, you're effectively barred from travelling to pretty much any nice country.
I don't even know what Drake is.
Yeah, most people in the US who work minimum wage jobs aren't doing it as a career, they're either young or second income earners. It is rare for primary income earners to be working minimum wage jobs for any significant period of time.
See, this is why it is important for teachers to know all subjects on at least a reasonable level, not just the one they're teaching.
Well, of course not. Wouldn't want to get pregnant!
&gt; I explained to someone that girls carry their eggs from the time they were born. He didn't believe me, so we got a doctor friend to confirm it. [Interestingly, more recent research has called this into question.](https://www.growinggenerations.com/resources-for-egg-donors/are-you-born-with-all-of-your-eggs/)
&gt; "You know, the flappy thing on a car." Referencing a windshield wiper while flapping her arm. I mean, she isn't wrong.
The problem is that it is wholly wrong. There's a reason why it is pretty heavily criticized; it is a popsci thing, but its claims don't hold up to any degree of scrutiny. Why was the aurochs domesticated and the buffalo not? Why were reindeer domesticated in Eurasia and not in North America, despite appearing in both places? If the north-south thing was such an issue, why was Maize widespread in the Americas? The list goes on, but it really lacks explanatory power.
I still haven't gotten around to playing it. I need to.
The UK has shitty, shitty polling. It wasn't really 20 points, most likely. Moreover, public opinion in the UK is historically extremely volatile, meaning that it can fluctuate wildly within a short period of time. Also, you need to remember that unlike the US, the UK is, while primarily a two-party system, actually has a substantial (about 15-20%) non-two party vote. In reality, the "20% lead" is kind of misleading; it was a 20% edge over Labour, which was having problems and infighting. However, May was something to rally against. Tory support didn't really change much; what happened was that support for Labour, their primary opponents, went way up.
You're buying into a myth. The charges were done under covering fire from artillery and machine guns to force the enemy down and destroy their fortifications.
The Charge of the Light Brigade was a misinterpretation of orders.
The Europeans mostly just rolled in and conquered people, rather than doing proxy war bullshit. They sometimes would play both ends against the middle (such as in Mexico, where everyone hated the Aztecs because of the whole human sacrifice thing, and agreed to band together with the Spanish to go kick their asses before they all died of smallpox and cocoliztli) but mostly they just flat-out won. The only places that didn't get colonized basically fell into two categories - advanced Eurasian countries that weren't that far behind to begin with (China, Japan, Korea, Iran) and places that were awful to invade and had no valuable resources (Nepal, Ethiopia).
A lot of it just had to do with the fact that there weren't large, stable countries here as well. The only ones that had any real power were the Aztec triple alliance and the Inca Empire. But the Aztecs were hated due to the whole "human sacrifice" thing, so the surrounding people (who the Aztecs kept beating up) were happy to band together with the Spanish to help take them out. Moreover, it should be remembered that the Aztecs had jack crap in terms of ability to fight back - the Aztecs had neither metal weapons nor horses. They were fighting against a foe with totally new and unknown weapons and tactics, at the head of an army of pissed-off locals. The Incan Empire was relatively newly forged, again had no experience or grounding in fighting the Europeans (who had all kinds of stuff the Incans had never seen before), and their empire was not prepared for that kind of anarchy. The North Americans had more time to become acclimated and ended up getting horses and guns and were much more of a pain in the ass to deal with as a result. But the North Americans were extremely fractious; many were nomadic or semi-nomadic, and the population was quite small to begin with - only a few million people spread out across all of what later became the US, if that. Disease had some impact, but the Native Americans had the same fatality rate from smallpox as the Europeans did. What really did them in was the simple fact that they were a bunch of small tribes of stone-aged people who had to trade for better technology. It isn't like the Native Americans were unified in any way; there were a huge number of tribes and most of them hated each other.
Sokay!
&gt; But I wasn't aware of the discussion on more general X/X phenotypic effects. In all fairness, people don't talk about it all that much because most discussion about genetics tends to focus on genetic defects - things which cause impairment to people. It is less common for it to focus on beneficial traits because there isn't anything wrong with them - there tends to be more of an emphasis on fixing what is broken than on looking at what works well when it comes to genes.
It was a good thing we ignored those idiots too.
Did you even read the article? He was convicted of aggravated robbery. Aggravated robbery means the robber was armed with a deadly weapon, had an accomplice, or actually inflicted serious bodily harm on the victim.
I think there's a big difference between fake difficulty and excessive difficulty. Battletoads' bike racing is not fake difficulty; if you are skilled, you can pass that challenge every time, and the game warns you about what is coming up. TBH, it isn't even that bad if you're an adult who is skilled at video games. However, for an unskilled player, it is incredibly difficult. Thus, Battletoads' speed bikes are more "excessively difficult" than "fake difficult".
You can essentially always resolve the ambiguity by rearranging the sentence. For example: &gt; This is my dad, Clark, and Bruce. This just parses terribly to say out loud. The correct way of saying it would be: &gt; This is Bruce and Clark. Clark is my dad. Or &gt; This is my dad, Clarck, and this is Bruce. Or alternatively: &gt; Say hello to Bruce, Clark, and my dad. By moving "my dad" to the end, you eliminate the ambiguity, both verbally and otherwise.
Just because you can write without using semicolons doesn't mean that you should; they're a useful form of punctuation.
The last referendum had it at north of 50%. The reality is that if you don't vote, you don't get a say. It's really that simple. That's how voting works.
Now that we know more about the circumstances, the whole situation is incredibly shady. Yellow Diamond did *not* like the suggestion that there was a cover-up, but that doesn't necessarily mean she was involved - her song seemed to indicate she was upset by it too, so it could have just been Yellow Diamond being a jerk. The fact that she didn't seem too worried about Rose Quartz spilling the beans suggests that there was no collusion there.
Thanks! That's really nice of you. Fair enough. I'll have to work on getting Minifilia into a playable state then.
Makes sense really. They have pre-prepared articles for important people who might die, too.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_lie &gt; A big lie (German: große Lüge) is a propaganda technique. The expression was coined by Adolf Hitler, when he dictated his 1925 book Mein Kampf, about the use of a lie so "colossal" that no one would believe that someone "could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously." I'm referencing the concept of the Big Lie, because a lot of people's entire political philosophies revolve around them, and the idea that something so central to their philosophy could just be made-up nonsense upsets them.
Oftentimes contractors are hired because you only need them for a short period of time and it makes more sense to pay a contractor than to hire a temp person who is only going to be there for six months/a year. It is more about dealing with certain kinds of personnel than saving money in a lot of cases.
I haven't played it, so I can't comment on the accuracy of that. That was certainly the case with Breath of the Wild, which I have played.
Well, I'm concerned about the open-world stuff, because open-world stuff is generally pretty mediocre. Open-world sounds neat, but once you actually start playing around with it, you realize that it doesn't really make a whole lot of sense gameplay-wise. There's a reason why games are generally linear, and that's because they build on what came before. Open-world games rob the game of that, which is a big problem as it tends to make the world more "flat". But I agree that I'm cool with people doing something new and different. This is, at least, cool-looking and cool-sounding. I'm just wondering if it will actually be cool to play, or if it is going to end up being grindy and repetitive.
That's for nickels.
Yeah, but uh, Paul probably is. The far right is to some extent a product of/pawn of Putin.
You can only interpolate if you have the next frame state ready to go, because you need both to interpolate. Otherwise you're extrapolating. I'm not sure how much frame buffering Overwatch does.
FYI, studies have shown that trigger warnings tend to make these things worse. The reason is fairly trivial - it reinforces fear of the trigger. The actual stimulus is much less harmful than fear of the stimulus. By acting as if the stimulus is harmful, it reinforces the idea in their mind that the stimulus is harmful. If you don't act as though a stimulus is harmful, it causes less harm.
I'm a writer and I do quite a bit of reading. I see retarded requests for trigger warnings unfortunately often. Also, trigger warnings tend to reinforce phobias.
The thing is, there really are people who want religious bullshit in law. I think there being a prophylactic against this is actually not an entirely bad thing. People should react very negatively to people who behave that way. The issue is generalization.
TL; DR; you realized you were wrong and decided to insult me to protect your ego. Thanks for admitting you're wrong!
You can be charged for knowingly breaking the law or for criminal negligence. Ordinary negligence is not a criminal matter in most cases, and for good reason - negligence is a civil matter of people screwing up, not something you should put people in prison for.
I actually thought Chloe was a jerk, and I thought that was actually kind of interesting, because it felt like Max had to hold her back the whole game from going off and doing something stupid and self-destructive (or just generally destructive). Chloe is genuinely a jerk, and I thought that was okay because it put a different spin on things - where you are actually serving as the voice of reason, the person who is trying to keep someone else from doing something dumb. I tried to stop her from doing dumb things and to keep her safe because I thought she was a dumb kid who needed protecting.
We have one example of an intelligence: us. Simulating a human brain allows us to understand how it works. Designing an actual intelligence from scratch is incredibly difficult; understanding how one works is pretty key to making one. You should probably read and internalize the rest of the post, which you clearly glossed over.
&gt; Even I know he committed perjury. Actually, probably not. The reason is that Kenneth Starr is an idiot. Kenneth Starr, for the purpose of those hearings, defined "sexual relations" in a very specific way. It was meant to be extremely broad (he defined it as an extremely broad variety of acts), but it was extremely flawed because it was talking about things that Bill Clinton did to someone else; having a sexual act performed on you (like a blowjob) didn't fall under his definition of "sexual relations". He was trying to prevent Clinton from weaseling out, but it is questionable whether Clinton would actually be convicted of perjury by a court of law.
This is a rather meh article. I think the real issue is that if the Republicans lose the House, they WILL impeach Trump. Quickly. The reason is simple: if Pence and Trump go down, that leaves the Speaker of the House as president. If the Republicans lose the House, then that would be a Democrat. If they impeached him before the new Congress came in, though, that would leave Ryan as president (and he could possibly appoint a VP as well).
If daycare is free, people are more likely to use it.
Eh, I went from 60 FPS on my PC to 30 FPS on Breath of the Wild and I definitely noticed it.
So you think people spending more money on stuff they don't need is good?
&gt; No, movie budgets keep that shit separate. Actually, no, they don't. [The $425 million budget cited for Avatar](http://www.the-numbers.com/movie/Avatar#tab=summary), for instance, includes marketing. The actual production costs for Avatar were "only" $237 million. Most movies, about half of the cost is marketing. &gt; In that case the industry is run by a bunch of idiots who are about to cause another crash with their unsustainable bullshit. Why do you think people have been worrying about this for years? &gt; If they actually needed six million sales at $60 a pop just to turn a modest profit, they were doing something wrong. Uh, yeah. That's what everyone was pointing out. That that level of sales being required was, in fact, kind of insane. And again, remember, they don't make $60 each. They make $27 or so each.
If you don't understand how a cell phone works, how are you going to design one? Why would you think a brain would be any different? You are clueless. People like me are why we don't live in caves. And Musk is kind of an idiot about a lot of things. Futurists are almost universally fools who don't understand the world. Cell phones are extremely simple compared to the human brain. The human brain is a supercomputer with 2.5 petabytes of memory that runs off of Doritos and Mountain Dew. We know how cell phones work. We don't know how the human brain works. That's why we want to simulate it - because a simulation would allow us to understand how it functions. I also find it absolutely HILARIOUS that you said these two things: &gt; we have literally never in the course of history made a tool that's better than us at everything. we are about to do just that. sorry, precedent doesn't inform you here, as AGI is unprecedented. &gt; you have a disappointingly narrow view of human potential. You contradicted yourself. Ergo, you must be wrong.
Nah. First they nail you to a stick. THEN they stick you in a cave behind a giant boulder. After that, you realize you have to go into hiding. Possibly in Gaul.
Not voting by mail, really. Voting by mail is the way to go.
http://metro.co.uk/2017/06/16/why-is-cladding-banned-in-the-us-and-germany-used-on-buildings-in-the-uk-6712578/
It gets kills quite a bit. Knocking people off of stuff and cornering people and breaking Rein shields all lead to lots of kills, as does scattering the enemy team. I mean, sometimes you just use it as an area clearing ult, but it is not like using it to get kills is wrong.
TBH this is the main reason I play Roadhog as my primary tank - I can help support and cover my teammates and I'm not totally dependent on them actually coordinating with me to be useful.
&gt; Sanctions and bad oil prices, not Trump's tweets. No shit Sherlock. And what caused those sanctions? Why did the US Congress push them into law so they cannot easily be reversed? It wasn't because of Trump's tweets. You appear to be deep in the throes of delusion. You said that I'm engaging in apocalyptic thinking when I pointed out that there's no reasonable reason for the stock market to price in the risk of nuclear war, because if nuclear war happens you're probably fucked regardless. I mean, [it isn't like the stock market cared much about the Cuban Missile Crisis.](https://marketmonetarist.com/2014/04/17/the-cuban-missile-crisis-never-happened-or-at-least-the-stock-markets-didnt-care/) And that was a much more extreme event than what is going on right now. Remember, this is r/economics, not r/politics.
The Russians bombed the evacuees, so they were right to be wary.
Eight percent - or one in twelve - American households have $1 million or more in wealth. People with a few million are not really distinguishable from the general population. It isn't until you get up to $5-10 million that it is all that noticeable.
Yeah, pretty much. Nintendo is Nintendo, and pretty consistently make decent video games.
There was a time historically when that was the case.
Ironically, you get a fluid image at about 18 FPS. The flicker fusion threshold is about 50 flickers per second, though it varies from person to person.
Sonic and Pikachu are likely to be recognized (though Sonic is fading, he was pretty big in pop culture in the 1990s). Bowser and Dr. Robotnik maybe as well.
The only way I could identify Commander Shepherd would be the N7 logo or the VA. Nathan Drake I couldn't identify at all, and I'm a gamer. The only reason I know who Ezio, Scorpion, and Sub-Zero are is because I've played their games. Mario is the only one off that list that non-gamers would recognize at all.
[People love putting cool bows on box art.](https://eaassets-a.akamaihd.net/origin-com-store-final-assets-prod/76860/231.0x326.0/71505_LB_231x326_en_US_%5E_2013-06-04-11-36-11_aa9286838618c0b5a201b5f1e51263b1e647d32d66a6168c2565d136551b2f13.jpg)
The bill isn't just about terrorism. Why are people deliberately misinterpreting it? A lot of it is directed at organized criminal activities, which includes but is not limited to terrorism.
Yes, but most luxury car sales aren't Bentleys and Rolls Royces. http://www.nydailynews.com/autos/street-smarts/best-selling-luxury-cars-2016-list-article-1.2954171 Every single one of those cars on the top ten list sold more than twice as many cars than Bentley sells *per year*.
It is a transcript of what Trump said. There's also the [Lester Holt interview.](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/james-comey-donald-trump-russia-investigation-timeline-events-n769496) &gt; "When I decided to [fire Comey], I said to myself, I said you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story."
Right. Sluts are equal opportunity.
You're absolutely correct! This is known as vanity sizing. [Here's an article about it.](http://www.whowhatwear.com/women-clothing-sizes-chart)
&gt; -The vast majority of "death threats" that get talked about on the internet are from people who are on the same side of those they are threatening. They just use fake usernames, send a death threat, and then turn around and try and use this to prove that the "other side" is sending death threats and is therefore terrible and wrong. We know this is true of at least some death threats. A larger issue is that a lot of death threats may come from the *same* individuals regardless of the cause; i.e. the same people send death threats to abortion clinics and Anita Sarkeesian, because they are psychos. There actually *is* some evidence of that. &gt; -Cosmo, Redbook, Glamour, etc. purposefully give women bad dating advice in order to keep them single, so they'll buy more women's magazines. Ah, this is my favorite conspiracy theory. &gt; -The NFL is at least partially rigged. The NFL is rigged in the sense that they deliberately balance out the teams in order to make games more even on average, but this isn't a secret.
Uh, that's what we did. Hell, one time I got bored and wrote a text adventure game on my calculator.
The official numbers are only things that can be confirmed. [They have stated that they expect the number to go up:](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/live/2017/jun/18/grenfell-tower-fire-may-under-pressure-after-angry-exchanges-in-no-10-live-updates?page=with:block-5946da5de4b0240ef7615ca2#block-5946da5de4b0240ef7615ca2) &gt; Today, police teams continue their support to families, and make enquiries to cross check the number of those missing. I have always said I will be accurate about what I know, so the next figure of those presumed dead and missing will be released tomorrow, Monday, 19 June. The figure will be higher but I do not wish to speculate on that number today. Also, it appears different sources aren't clear on the 30 + 28 or 30 + 58, which is part of the problem of going off things half-assedly: &gt; Sadly that work leads me to believe that the number of people missing, but as yet unaccounted for, has risen from yesterday’s figure of 58. This sort of thing is why people frequently want to wait to release numbers: they will often have to be relying on things from other people, who may have their numbers crossed. They're only reporting on things they can confirm for sure; they don't want to say someone died when they didn't for pretty obvious reasons.
It is generally more like 3-5. More than 5 years is often a sign of a troubled production.
I heard people complain about GOT fucking. I thought it was over the top myself. The books included it but the scenes always felt purposeful; every sex scene in the book was there deliberately to build character. The show seemed to play them up for erotic value, when a lot of the scenes in the books were deliberately unsexy.
The problem is that there's general evidence that poor people are less mentally healthy than better off people. In fact, this isn't even surprising; if you have poor mental health, it is likely to negatively effect your earning potential. And IQ correlates positively with wealth, meaning that poor depressed people are more likely to be less intelligent. People with low IQ show a lot of dysfunctional behavior in many different realms.
I don't think you understand what money *is.* Money is nothing more than a means of measuring the value of something, and thus, as a means of facilitating exchange. An ideal money has a stable value and is easily transferred between people. The reason why gold sometimes goes south in video games is because it violates those principles somehow - either bad inflation or deflation (usually inflation), or it is hard to transfer (Diablo 2 only allowed you to drop so much gold at once, IIRC). Stones of Jordan were just a fiat currency used instead of gold because gold was too inconvenient to use as a medium of exchange.
Google for: poor people pay more for car insurance and listen to the whining. &gt; After all, there are hundreds of factors that could be at play: Rural vs urban speeds, cars having less safety features, poorer maintenance, less favorable working hours, hours spent on the road, poorer health of the drivers to begin with, average number of passengers per vehicle, etc, etc. Which is more likely: hundreds of factors, or one glaringly obvious factor which tracks with everything else?
It wasn't really hard in 2001. Lots of people had cell phones back then, and people didn't live in the WTC, so it was pretty easy to tell if someone was dead by the end of the day because they never came home. Only people who lived alone would be difficult to count.
Socialism is 100% garbage. There's no "socialism combined with capitalism". There's an enormous difference between a welfare state and socialism. Social programs are not socialism.
It is named after a burning bird for a reason.
Depends on a number of factors, including health and obesity as well as hydration. If you are adapted, you can sweat up to 2L of water per hour and shed heat, but well, you then have to drink 2L of water per hour to avoid dehydrating. That said, I wouldn't really recommend messing around with it unless you have a good reason to.
&gt; On major fault lines Building *on* a fault line [is not a good idea.](http://www.trbimg.com/img-5263382b/turbine/la-la-me-1019-quake1-jpg-20131019/600/600x342) However, building around fault lines is actually fine. The thing a lot of people don't understand is that you can build a building to safely withstand an earthquake. Ever wonder why thousands of homes are flatten in third world countries from earthquakes which merely rattle Japan or San Francisco? It is because of building codes. If you build your buildings properly, there's nothing really to worry about. Major earthquakes are rare events which can be prepared for. Moreover, a lot of faults run along coastlines, which are desirable places to build cities. San Francisco is actually built in a pretty good spot; it isn't really particularly prone to tsunamis and with decent building codes it is just likely to get rattled rather than actually fall apart like it did a century ago. &gt; So close to the ocean but we want more ocean front so we fill in the bay to get more ocean front, and then we're at risk of the whole thing just sinking during an earthquake (I'm looking at you SF Bay Area) This is kind of dumb, though there are ways of doing this safely. A lot of this stuff was done before people properly understood this stuff, though, unfortunately. &gt; Below sea level right next to oceans This is only really an issue if there are major storms in the area. It isn't just the ocean, it is being below any body of water (New Orleans, for instance, is actually a ways inland; the issue isn't the Gulf of Mexico, it is Lake Pontchartrain). New Orleans' issue isn't actually that the whole city is, it is that the city expanded into areas which it shouldn't have. These areas are called *flood*plains for a reason. Building on floodplains in general without proper (expensive) precautions is a horrible idea for obvious reasons. Building an elevated building is okay, though. &gt; In areas where hurricanes routinely make landfall, destroy tons of homes, and then rebuild over and over again This is another building code issue. You can build homes that withstand hurricanes just fine. The issue is that costs money. Florida increased its building codes after Hurricane Andrew came through and flattened a bunch of places; the new homes are much more hurricane resistant. You shouldn't build on floodplains/barrier islands, though. Barrier islands are so-named for a reason as well. Anywhere too close to the ocean that is close to sea level is a bad place to build in hurricane country. If you build on a hill next to the ocean, though, or a ways inland, or have an elevated building, it isn't the end of the world. &gt; In areas prone to tornadoes that destroy entire communities I'd love to say "This is a building code issue" but the reality is that while you can definitely build a building that can survive a F5 tornado, it is not cheap and no one is going to want to live in it. There are some places that are prone to tornadoes where people probably shouldn't build. The real problem ultimately is people not paying for their own problems. It would be fine if we didn't subsidize insurance for these regions.
I used to think this way, but then I realized I was wrong. Hate crime laws exist for a good reason - they're basically a lesser version of a terrorist attack. They aren't the same as terrorism, but their overall detrimental effect on society is greater than a random murder or robbery or whatever. When someone attacks someone based on belonging to a group, that is damaging to the fabric of society and is more problematic than someone attacking an individual. Thus, people face greater punishment for such crimes, as well they should. You need to direct such punishments fairly, though - if a black person attacks a white person for being white, they should be charged the same as a white person attacking a black person for being black.
Or, you know, fit people give better advice? Also possible. It is probably both.
That's all part of the agreement. Changing how things are *going forward* is fine. The issue is that changing things *retroactively* is problematic. They already DID the work. If someone agrees to pay you $X up front and $Y later, and fail to pay you later, you should sue them.
The time it would take to replace the keycaps is probably worth more than the keycaps, so it would probably still qualify.
Imagine, for a moment, that 95% of the population had adequate health coverage previously, and you did something to raise that to 98%. Are you going to see a 3% difference? No. The reason is pretty trivial: most people don't have a major issue. Only about 20% of American adults visit the emergency room each year. Of those, only about a quarter are admitted. So we're talking about 5% of the population here. So realistically speaking, if you're seeing a 3 percentage point increase in adequate coverage, the overall percentage of the total population which is affected will be 5% * 3% = 0.15%. A 0.15% variation is not really detectable by the methods used in this study.
The issue isn't that the state *cannot* afford this stuff but that it doesn't want to.
On top of this... I think publishers realized that people were realizing you could wait a couple years and buy every game for $5-10. They've greatly diminished their rate of price drops as a result, because new games are competing with old ones. Why buy a new game for $60 when I can buy a two year old AAA title like Arkham Knight for $6? Just looking at my wishlist, the only AAA games for $5 are Anno 2070 (a game from 2011), Galactic Civilizations III (and that only because I own Galactic Civilizations II and they discount it for such people), Tales of Symphonia (a freaking gamecube game remastered for the PS3 - so very old), Lost Planet 2 (a game from 2010)... and that's it.
&gt; I don't know why you're assuming a star faring civilization means they had to have existed for a billion years Math. It took human civilization about 5 billion years to arise on Earth. The oldest Earth-like planets are about 5 billion years older than Earth. Ergo, we should expect there to be civilizations that are about 5 billion years older than ours, assuming our civilization is not atypical and/or that they don't destroy themselves before they gain the ability to go between the stars. Thus, we should expect there to be civilizations billions of years older than ours unless either civilizations almost never emerge or they destroy themselves before spreading. 100,000 light years sounds big but even at an expansion rate of 0.01% of the speed of light per year it would still take a civilization under a billion years to colonize the galaxy. &gt; it's extremely likely that just about every single habitable planet we've detected so far is full of life Actually, no. There's absolutely no evidence of this whatsoever and there's no reason to believe that life is common. Remember, life only arose once on Earth as far as we can tell. There's no evidence of multiple instances of life - either all other abiogenic events on Earth resulted in extinctions, or they never happened in the first place. We've never found life anywhere else. We haven't found life on Mars, or on Venus, or on the moons of Jupiter and Saturn., And frankly, if we do find life there, it will kind of be bad news, because it makes it more likely that the reason why we haven't found extraterrestrial civilizations is that advanced civilizations have a tendency to destroy themselves.
"I can't link sources" = "There are no sources".
The white-Asian gap is a lot smaller because the gap between whites and east Asians is smaller. There's probably a 3-5 (about a third to a fifth of a standard deviation) point IQ difference between whites and Asians, as opposed to 15 (a full standard deviation) between whites and blacks. Assuming there *is* a white-Asian IQ gap; that's somewhat questionable, as there's a strong selection effect on Asians in the US, so the cause may simply be a result of that. It may also just be artifactual; whites and Asians do about equally well on standardized reading tests, Asians only outperform whites on math. Other racial groups do about equally well on reading and math, making east Asians a major outlier in that regard. It is possible it is due to underlying differences in cognitive ability other than *g*, but it is also possible that the difference is due to other things.
&gt; Civ 5 is a niche game It is like, the most popular 4X game of all time. I don't think I'd call it "niche". It has reached even outside of the 4X genre and grabbed people. It is one of the games with the highest playtime of all time ever. And yeah, of course it is 7 years old. Why would someone put a game that most people don't have on 90% off? 90% off means that they've already sold to everyone at 25%, 33%, 40%, 50%, 66%, 75%, and possibly 80% off already. At 90% off, you're scraping the bottom of the barrel in terms of purchasers.
If you actually bothered to read the article (which you clearly did not) you'd know that the source of the numbers is Philip J. Cook's [Paying the Tab](https://www.amazon.com/Paying-Tab-Benefits-Alcohol-Control/dp/0691125201); the Washington Post was merely reporting on them. Philip Cook himself got the numbers from the US government. Why are you so butthurt about this? Is it because you're an alcoholic, or is it because you sell liquor?
That was for different reasons, though - social engineering. Amusingly, you still sometimes see people suggest that children should be taken away from poor people en masse, and I just shake my head.
All automation reduces the number of workers doing the task unless it leads to a massive increase in demand due to lower prices. Automation, however, adds net value to the economy, because you now have a machine doing something that a human was doing previously, so you can instead have humans do other things. That's how it always works. See also: agricultural combine harvesters.
I drive a 1992 car that gets 35 mpg. It works just fine and I have no reason to replace it anytime soon. Fossil fuel cars probably won't even stop production until the 2030s at least. I would suspect we'd continue to see them through the 2050s and maybe 2060s. Really depends on a number of unknowns, though, as well as oil prices.
Shootings and homicides in Chicago are at the level they were back during the 1970s-1990s crime wave. It is true that crime is not evenly distributed across the US. But shit is pretty bad in some places. The fact that shit isn't bad where I am doesn't mean it isn't bad elsewhere and doesn't need to be dealt with.
I never took a single course in school that was called "literature". English courses were always mixed things. This is normal in the US. In college, it is different, but in primary and secondary school, typically "English" is just one subject, not broken out. Moreover, creative writing is kind of inextricably tied to literature, I feel. Understanding how a story goes together and why it is written the way it is is key to analyzing it. If you don't understand how to write a story, you aren't going to understand how to take one apart, either. The two subjects are tied together in my mind.
That wasn't the case in the schools I went to. I'm American, though, not British.
The thing is, that's what happened in this case. The cop walked up to the car, smells pot, asks for a driver's license, and the occupant tells him that he has a gun and starts reaching for something the cop can't see. In fact, he said that he "had to" pull it out.
&gt; Unless you are a black guy reaching for whatever, then you are automatically considered guilty of reaching for a gun and executed on the spot. Do you even understand how the justice system works? To prove someone guilty of a crime, you must prove *beyond reasonable doubt* that they committed a crime. The person on trial was not a black man, but a police officer. The police officer says that he smelled pot. He approached the car and asked the man for his wallet. The man's response was "I have a gun." The police officer then tells him not to reach, and eventually shoots him. Now, if as a police officer, you walk up to a car, smell pot, and when you ask someone for their license, their response is "I have a gun', and then they reach for their gun, is it not a reasonable conclusion that the person in question is reaching for a gun? Pot impairs judgement, and if their response is just "I've got a gun", what is the cop supposed to think? It isn't unreasonable under those circumstances for a police officer to shoot someone. Heck, pot doesn't even have to be involved, but it is an added possible problem because it impairs judgement. There was no trial for the man in question because it had nothing to do with the justice system. The cop was acting in self-defense. There is not enough evidence to prove that the cop was not acting in self-defense. Ergo, the cop cannot be convicted.
You can ask them to grab it for you. Being a dick is dumb, though.
I don't have this problem. But I don't do anything wrong. Funny how that works. Incidentally, you do realize that the guy in this case's response to the officer asking for his driver's license was "I have a gun," right? If you asked someone for something, and their response was "I have a gun", would you interpret it as a threat? I think a lot of people would.
[Here's the dash cam footage, with some audio.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1ac7Zblqyk) "I've got to inform you that I've got a firearm on me." "Well then don't reach for it then." "I'm gonna have to pull it out." "Don't pull it out!"
The reason why marijuana would be important is because someone who is high on marijuana may behave erratically. Marijuana compromises judgement, so it is reasonable to believe that someone who is high on marijuana (or who is drunk, or who is otherwise high on drugs) may act with impaired judgement.
I think the problem is you just don't want to acknowledge that you're wrong. If you reward people for their teammates leaving - which is what you're suggesting - then you're going to have situations where people are encouraged to get their teammates to leave.
Chickens are delicious.
Well, at least there are fewer poor people there now!
There's actually a reason for this - there's a counterveiling evolutionary reason to *not* find babies cute, because otherwise babies can potentially cause you survival harm (basically, by devoting too much care to the baby, and not enough to siblings/your own survival). There's a sort of tug-of-war.
Police brutality is actually rare. Most of the time people just get arrested without much incident.
Yeah, that's just smart in a place like Arizona. You don't want your car to break down and to dehydrate.
Eh, all civilization is fundamentally about humans manipulating the environment to be better suited to human habitation.
Why is really tough to answer in a lot of cases. Game theory is actually a big thing in evolutionary science; understanding the sort of "balance" between things is really important. Sometimes they'll run simulations, other times they'll do experiments on behavior (well, usually get someone else to do them), other times they'll theorize and try to come up with some reason why they're wrong, sometimes they'll come up with mathematical models (for example, the theory that human hairlessness is a result of thermoregulation is a result of calculations showing that body hair would have messed up early humans' ability to shed heat to the environment). There are some things where we do know the reason, but a lot of things, we don't know (or we don't know for sure).
Everything I described is a well-known economic principle. Inflation is well-known and is one potentially undesirable effect of hiking minimum wage. Inelastic demand is another well-known thing you'd find in any economics textbook. If you're going to pretend to be smart you might want to use Google first, otherwise you'll just look like you don't know what you're talking about.
DOOM? DOOM looked gorgeous on the PC. &gt; I am not saying there are no single player games releasing on PC but hardly anyone can be compared to like Red Dead Redemption, Uncharted, Horizon Zero Dawn or Legend Of Zelda or Yakuza O. The only one of those I've played was Breath of the Wild, and it was pretty bad. Nier: Automata and Prey both came out on the PC and were excellent games.
&gt; But most multiplayer games have more 10 million players. Only the successful ones. For Honor has about 1,500 at any given time. The overwhelming majority of multiplayer games don't even have 1 million players. Many don't even have 100,000. I mean, if you look at stats of games on Steam, not a single game had even 1 million players play it today at any given time. Only four broke 100,000. 49 more broke 10,000 at their peak today. You seem to have completely unrealistic expectations about how many people play games. The AAA market is actually not that big. Less than 20% of players own more than 80% of games.
I mean, as someone who is a StarCraft fan - I tried other RTS games and didn't like them. Indeed, it was my general experience that most people who played the Blizzard RTS games weren't actually fans of RTS games, they were fans of Blizzard's particular incarnations thereof. The reality is I don't even buy RTS games anymore because I don't like them - I just like the StarCraft series. Thus, there's no market there for me.
Yeah, this is a good thing. People bringing in their parents/grandparents is inappropriate. And if you want citizenship, you need to be married. Anyone can claim to be a fiancee; it is not a legal status. That said, it really is more of a general immigration thing.
