If you want kids to stay away from something, don't tell them that moms disapprove. When I was a kid, the fact that my mom didn't want me to watch The Simpsons just made me want to watch it even more.
Aw man I'd love either Marth or Robin. I've been close to getting each one with no success :(
Louisiana scores lower on most of those statistics though.
How dare they take children to a theme park run by the world's largest purveyor of children's media?
Most stores stocked Wario at strangely low levels for a Mario character.
Wait, you need to sign up for it? I thought they were just going to distribute it through Windows Update.
Download a new OS disc image from Macintosh garden and reinstall.
Wow whoever you traded with got screwed.
It's not a touch screen, but I love the design of those old easel displays. If I were you I would still try to buy it :p
Wow that sucks. But hey, at least it's still a marginally better investment that setting a stack of bills on fire.
Wow I can relate to that. It's funny, I can now afford to have the top model for most every tech category, and yet I still get excited when I find a deal for a good condition 15 year old Mac on Craigslist.
1997 would have been 100 years since Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, so the mug could have been commemorating that one. (I had to look it up, Victoria and Elizabeth II are the only monarchs to have celebrated a Diamond Jubilee) But those companies that make the "collectible keepsakes" that usually end up in discount shops do get pretty desperate for events to make commemorative objects for.
Yep, [Just like one of the previous attempts at building a libertarian paradise](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minerva_Reefs#Republic_of_Minerva), they'll be invaded once they actually start to build a settlement (and no, a hippy camp that isn't even in the disputed territory doesn't count). If they keep trying to build there, one of the countries will do more than just block access with police to keep them out.
&gt; He must have thick fucking skin If I was making the kind of money he is, I wouldn't care what people say about me either.
One of the things I hate about where I work is that everyone is either too old or too young to have kids in Girl Scouts. I just want to buy some cookies damn it!
A lot of the IC2 metals are alloys, though it also adds copper.
For some reason, the post reminded me of that movie "Being John Malkovich", and I'm hoping that's what you're referencing.
Yeah I guess you're right, I didn't think about it like that.
Macs are the preferred computer for a lot of programmers and other IT people.
Well, have fun listening to a guy sing like he just had his tongue removed.
Every popular kids show has porn though. I've seen Scooby Doo porn on 4chan. If you get rid of MLP porn, there will just be something else. The Internet isn't a safe place, and this is why kids need supervision when they use it.
I hate that attitude. I worked as a stagehand in college and had a lot of fun. It was hard work, but it's more fun helping to set lights and stage equipment than making food at some fast food place. There would always be those who want to just stand around and not get their hands dirty because they just want to see a free show.
I hope that's an easily removable tape like gaff tape and not duct tape, otherwise you'll never get all the residue off.
I didn't say they're necessarily better, I said they're preferred. A lot of programmers prefer Unix, and OS X is the most well supported Unix OS out there.
There is a chain of salvage stores in my area that sells the trash items. Basically, that TV or shirt that Walmart was going to throw away gets sold to this chain. The store marks it in such a way that you know it was salvage - for clothing, this means black marker over the label, for other goods it's usually over the original bar code or something. It can be a great way to get a deal if you're willing to dig through stuff, when they get new stock they just throw it on the shelves. It's how I got a National Geographic world atlas for $10, and a 19" PC monitor for $40, among other things.
I don't understand why people are so adamant on defending this guy. I would think people would be against child molestation no matter who did it.
I like it, so far I've played Skyrim, Star Wars The Old Republic, FF 14, and a few other games on it and it's handled them pretty well. I didn't get the base model though, I got the one with the i5. It's also a good little Windows PC if you add a keyboard and mouse (it only comes with the Xbox controller). The Netflix Metro app is pretty nice, as are all the tablet style apps. Basically the same things you do to make the app finger friendly also make it easier to use from ten feet away. On the desktop I also changed some of the accessibility options to make things more readable from the couch. I made the system fonts a bit larger, and used the option to increase the size of the task bar and windows, again to make it usable from ten feet away. All in all, it's a pretty nice machine and I highly recommend it. It has a lot of power for its small size, and is still quieter than my Xbox 360.
I had to look her up on Wikipedia because I had never heard of her before. I don't know much about that situation, but if she molested her sister than she deserves the same amount of public shame.
The bases in the Keys are probably better situated to prevent a blockade of the gulf coast. Gitmo is on the southeast side of Cuba, but it's the northwestern side that borders the gulf. The Florida Keys have always been strategically important for defending the gulf, and the US military has operated bases there since before southern Florida was habitable.
Yeah, I'm sure no one in the audience at the World Wide Developer Conference cared about changes to developer account.
Yeah but at those extreme levels of wealth, money is more like the score in a Mario game than a real tangible thing. Those guys probably only have a few hundred thousand dollars in cash, the vast majority of their worth is in investments of varying levels of liquidity and real estate. If you take $1 billion from someone worth $10 billion, chances are they aren't going to notice it until Forbes publishes the rich guy high score list.
Dropbox is also disadvantaged compared to Apple, Google, and Microsoft in that it's not built in to any OS. You have to choose to install Dropbox over preinstalled alternatives, so they have to be more compelling. Price is the simplest way to do that.
Most average users are going to use the service that came with their device. Average people know that Apple and Google's services exist because the device asks you to make an account when you set it up. As far as I know, no phone or other device out there prompts you to make a Dropbox account. I'm not saying Dropbox is an inferior service, I'm saying that average people are less likely to know it exists, so Dropbox needs to work harder than the others. If Dropbox were built in to some popular OS, I'm sure it wouldn't be as cheap.
What does "Dinar" mean though? It's the only thing the picture don't explain.
Wow, all of the top GPU chips on one board!
Apple insists that having the apps open in the background doesn't harm performance at all. If they made a "close all apps" button, they would be going back on that. Apple hates admitting it was wrong.
Amazon never charges until they ship.
It looks more like alcoholism.
I haven't had issues with Best Buy with orders for even the more rare Amiibo, I'm sure this will be fine too.
The British version of his show is way better than the American version. It doesn't have that stupid drama music, and feels more like a documentary since he's narrating, rather than the smug idiot who narrates the American version. All of those little touches make it feel like he's actually trying to help the people run a better business, rather than just making a TV show.
Yeah, I agree. I mean, I'm all for being inclusive whenever possible, but only when it makes sense. Maybe they have homosexual relationships once you get into the wasteland? You're right that in the prewar fallout world, it would be as frowned upon as in the 50s. But I could see people loosening up given the whole end of the world thing.
Having a cylon next to the UFP seal just seems wrong though.
Exactly. On that human development index map, I live in one of the dark green counties, which is surrounded by yellow counties. This county is just as religious as it's neighbors, a while back our public school district actually got sued by the ACLU for pushing religion. The reason it's dark green is because the per capita and median income are both at least $10,000 higher than it's neighbors. Those Jesus pushing public schools get modern computers and textbooks, better teachers, and smaller class sizes. The students at those schools are more likely to have parents who are home enough to push and encourage them to perform as well as they can. Their parents are more likely to have gone to college, and more likely to have professional careers. They are more likely to encourage their kids into a career track, and can afford to give them assistance if they what to go to college if they want (and they are more likely to want to). Religion isn't a hindrance to prosperity or health. Religious people want quality schools, they want to raise their children to live happy, healthy lives. Poverty is what prevents those things. Poverty is also not caused by religion. Most of the wealthiest parts of the country are as religious as everyone else. Poverty is it's own vicious cycle. Every cause for poverty is also an effect. Bad education leads to less skilled labor, who get paid less. Because they're paid less, they can't afford to pay as much in taxes. Because the local government doesn't get enough in tax revenue, they can't afford to fund schools as adequately as they should. Poverty isn't fixed by getting rid of Jesus, it's much more complex than that. To fix poverty we must first rid ourselves of senses of entitlement and greed and build a society where people's basic needs are considered a human right. If you ask me, that's a much nobler cause than ridding the world of religion.
Is that really what Sony calls their smart watch? That's really shitty branding. They probably can't even trademark that.
Microsoft actually does make Mac software for a lot of their products. I know there is a Mac version of Intellipoont, Microsofts mouse software. You should be able to expect at least basic functionality from the standard USB HID drivers though.
Well some parts of Canada are always cold...
&gt;with the exception of the Scott's Tots trainwreck I love the trainwreck episodes though. My favorite episode of the show is probably Dinner Party. It's so gloriously awkward, and almost all of the humor comes from the characters reacting to Michael and Jan's ridiculously dysfunctional relationship. Scott's Tots is a runner up for the same reasons. This is the same type of humor that made the British version a success, and I think the reason why a lot of fans of the UK one don't like the U.S. version.
What, Tim Hortons didn't give that away?
I realize what sub this is, but the Nazis actually did make plans for the future German state which are quite interesting to read about. For starters, [here's what the Nazi's envisioned as German territory after the war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greater_Germanic_Reich). The Nazis decided that they were to build the successor to the Holy Roman Empire, and so they would expand Germany's borders to include all areas with populations of ethnic Germans. As such, this great empire would need a great capital, so after the war, Berlin was to be rebuilt as a modern Rome. Albert Speer, the Nazi Party's chief architect, was to basically redesign the whole city. [The Nazi party actually had it's own architectural style](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazi_architecture), sort of a combination between modernism and neoclassicism. Of course, none of this redeems the horrible things the Nazi regime stood for, but I do think it's fascinating to read about. The Nazis really "perfected" the fascist state, in addition to the governmental order they planned, they also spent a considerable amount of time planning the cultural legacy of the Third Reich. All of this was part of the propaganda, designed to create a culture which people would want to be a part of. And it worked, Hitler and the Nazis remained relatively popular with German people even toward the end days of the war. People never questioned the camps and failing war effort because of the well crafted propaganda machine reminding them that all of this was for the betterment of all ethnic Germans. This stuff is something everyone should know about, because it's scary how close they were to succeeding creating a true socially and culturally engineered fascist state.
I know that, but outside Canada it's just a regular fast food place. But in Canada, it's bigger than McDonalds. Probably the closest analogue is that Canadians love Tim Hortons like Californians love In-N-Out Burger.
The problem with her little stands (and I say that because posting a letter on the Internet is literally the least she could do) is that Taylor Swift and her defenders seem to forget that before streaming services came around, total revenues from music sales had been falling thanks to the increasing availability of non legitimate sources for acquiring media. Regardless of your opinion on illegal downloads, the fact is that it's here and it's not going anywhere. The hydra that is The Pirate Bay should have made that completely obvious by now. Spotify and Rdio and Apple Music were all created for a recorded music market that has to compete with free. These services need to be cheap enough that people decide to use them over just grabbing a torrent of everything. Every time I hear her complain about streaming services devaluing her music, I wonder if she's ever seen a website offering free downloads of Taylor_Swift_completediscography_320kbps.zip
I do love their approach, because for a lot of the cars people think of as terrible, it's really only because it's supposed to be the cheap model. Now, cutting corners isn't necessarily good, but it's far more egregious if it's done on something that isn't the budget model.
That's debatable. I personally don't consider what he or any other rapper does to be real talent.
TIL that the xkcd characters have names
Don't you know? All redditors are from Roanoke.
Well I hate to help validate a TRP argument, but he is kind of correct- the labia and the scrotum form from the same fetal structures, as do the ovaries and testes. Obviously one isn't *better* than the other, rather they branch from the same origin.
I have the Alienware steam box, and I highly recommend springing for the i5 one. It's only $650 on Amazon, but it runs everything pretty well. I've been playing Final Fantasy 14 on it every day since I got it 3 weeks ago on high settings and haven't seen any issues.
Steve Jobs wasn't a genius because of revolutionary technical ideas, he is a genius because of his ability to look at the available technology and make it something everyone wanted to own. The iPod is a great example of this. Before the iPod, there were plenty of MP3 players on the market. All of them were ugly, clunky devices with unintuitive software to match. The iPod was easy to use, and came with decent PC software, not to mention the legendary marketing campaign. The iPod marketing campaign was so successful that simply having white earbuds was a trend, and other companies started packing in white earbuds to follow suit. Even though they haven't run an ad like that for years, if you showed people a picture of a silhouette of a person wearing white earbuds, they would probably correctly identify it as an iPod ad. It was the same with the iPhone. The iPhone wasn't the most capable or powerful smartphone on the market, but everyone wanted one because of how easy and *fun* it was to use. If you want to see what I mean, go back and play with a Palm Treo or a Blackberry Bold. The iPhone made the smartphone accessible and desirable to people who had never wanted a smartphone before. It changed the game, and pushed the old kings of the smartphone world to the fringes of marketshare. None of the products Steve Jobs led Apple to produce were technically impressive, the technology has existed for years in many cases. What made it genius was execution and marketing. Apple had (and still has) the ability to take technology from the niche and make it desirable by the masses. Steve Jobs fostered this ideology, and that is why he is considered a genius.
It also comes with a stand, so you could just keep it and have it on a shelf.
You need a lala for the other end of the age spectrum
Yeah, that's the intention. Nobody is targeting the small neighborhood church that operates a soup kitchen, they're targeting the mega churches and organizations that operate as tax free corporations.
For some reason, I am irrationally annoyed that he decided to make his announcement for his idiotic campaign on my birthday.
That 4 player achievement would have been easy to get living on campus. When I was in college, I used to bring my Xbox to one of the lobbies, where other people would bring their controllers and we would play Halo 3. Those were fun times
I enjoy SimCity and Cities Skylines. There's no reason to hate one or the other. In my option, they're both good games.
Because they're cheap and plentiful. The only sales numbers I could find were from the 80s and 90s, and Chevrolet was selling around 300,000 Cavaliers a year in the U.S. alone. It's a cheaply made econobox designed to sell in high volume. It's the car equivalent of the cheap MDF furniture sold at Walmart.
By that logic, London should have a statue of Harry Potter because he saved the world from Voldemort.
This is one of those things that the show never really seemed to want to directly portray. Early in Enterprise, a lot of people thought Reed might be the first gay character, but that never happened. That episode you mention does feature the only same sex kiss in Trek, but even in that episode, they don't really tackle it head on. It's likely that homosexuality is viewed as acceptable and normal in the Federation, but at the time the modern series were aired, portraying gay characters on television was still pretty risky.
But hey, if you were unfortunate enough to have been named Nourmohammadi, you're in luck!
One day the world will listen to us black mages.
A lot of video streaming apps detect video out and refuse to play. The audio out is allowed because it's like using headphones.
I didn't know they come with a keyboard and mouse now. My original model just came with a controller, which was a plus because I wanted to use the Harmony keyboard.
There's really nothing that's a spoiler in his post. The only thing that has spoilers is the link, but if you care about spoilers and don't know to not trust links then I have no pity for you.
Good news, the whole film fits on one Bluray. Too bad same can't be said of the Bluray version of the Lord of the Rings extended editions.
I think some of that was the way the writers would give Reed large amounts of dialogue about being with women (notably the episode where him and Tucker are adrift in a shuttle pod). The way he would awkwardly talk about women reminds me of the way I would feel talking about sex while trying to "pass" as a straight male, if that makes any sense.
I start to throw up a bit when I see cereal with milk in it. The milk makes it all mushy and I can't stand mushy/soggy food.
That guy is totally not a Romanian click farm
Making Android open source means Google has much less control over the platform. They moved the core apps to the Play store to break them from open source in order to regain control. Even then, the fact that Android itself is still open source means that the looming threat of fragmentation still exists. Samsung could easily decide to just use the open source portion of Android and fill in the rest with their own apps like Amazon does with the Fire line if they ever decide they're sick of dealing with Google. They have the marketshare to pull it off, it's just a matter of execution.
I have a feeling it's more to do with reporting than anything else. If a person commits suicide in the middle of a remote jungle, it's possible that the body would never be found. They would just be missing because no one knew what happened to them.
5900 rpm is such an odd speed, and drive speed isn't even listed on the Amazon page, so I can't tell if it's a typo or not.
They're probably better off going to /r/buildapc and getting more specific help though. Sites offering US only rebates may not even be competitive at all in other countries.
You are, but bringing it up now would be like revving the engine of your Ferrari while sitting at a stoplight next to a guy on the side of the road standing over a broken down Ford Fiesta.
I'm amazed that they still don't think Barrack Obama is a Christian given the negative press he got during the 2008 election when the pastor of the Chicago church the Obamas attend said some horrible things in a sermon.
What was that color called, Vault-Tec Blue?
Well, at least from a logistical standpoint, reincarnation makes more sense than heaven does. A quick search suggests that it's estimated that over 100 billion people have ever lived, so even if only a small percentage of them end up in heaven, it means that heaven would likely house more souls than the entire current earth population, and that's assuming that only human souls are eligible. If I *had* to have a theory as to what happens to a person after death, it's probably what I would turn to, because it at least makes more sense than the biblical afterlife. One of the big reasons the idea of an afterlife is because no one wants to believe that a person is just gone, especially children. I'm all for raising kids without religion, but I would probably try to give them some kind of explaination like that if I didn't think they were mature enough to really deal with loss.
I agree that's the better way to go, but would you explain it that way to say a five year old? I would think less mature children would need a crutch to start to understand loss.
This is a meme? It looks like the mad scribblings on an asylum wall.
Yeah I won't be buying an Oculus simply because I wouldn't touch Facebook with a 50 foot pole. I don't care what the organizational structure is, I'm not going to feed that horrible machine.
It's all about product concept and positioning, and you're really the only one to touch on that. The iPod shuffle is the cheap player for active or irresponsible users. It's meant for workouts and kids. The iPod nano is the step up, if you want more than a 2GB iPod shuffle, Apple wants you to go for the iPod nano instead. Besides, with no screen, how the hell would you navigate more than 2GB of music? The iPod shuffle is only really meant to hold a playlist, not multiple albums.
Has Hyundai said that the 2016 Elantra GT will get the update? The dealer who sold me mine said it would but I assumed it was a rumor, I can't find anything concrete.
It's a modern reproduction of the original globe theatre, which was destroyed in the mid 1600s.
The Avatar extended edition made it a much better film IMO. Most of what was added in was character plot stuff, like the extended intro on earth or the bit where they visit the school. I hope an extended edition of The Force Awakens is the same situation, because as a film, I enjoyed it but wasn't really blown away. The Force Awakens had a lot of flash and obvious references to the original films, but little else. I walked out of the film unsure of why I should care about these new characters because the film told me almost nothing about them other than that they're the good guys.
They don't put a dedicated GPU in the 13" because there has physically not been room for one since Intel moved their integrated graphics into the north bridge. The north bridge became big enough to force the GPU off the logic board, and you can't omit it because it's a key part of the chipset.
Why do so many people have Jony Ive? I love most of his designs and he's also kind of sexy.
If there's no heat or insulation, those books have probably been exposed to water and ice, and are thus probably pretty shit fuel for a fire. And since most of Siberia is a taiga, you'll find better fuel than books for your fire outside.
On Balmung everyone was handing out elixirs for people to complete the sun minion quest and just sitting in the Amphitheater in Gridania with said minion out as if it were a candle.
It is racism because of the way they're using these arguements. They don't necessariy care about all immigrants, just the ones from Mexico (Trump's Great Wall of America for example). They think it's okay to bar specific groups from entering the country because a terrorist could slip through, like with the Syrian refugees. Or weeding out terrorists with racial profiling. How high do you think the chances of a guy named Mohammed getting extra screening at the airport are compared to a guy named Bob? Racism is broad discrimination against an entire race of people, which is exactly what the anti-immigration and anti-terrorism policies end up being in practice.
The illegal part is if the town has a law prohibiting public intoxication.
The Cincinnati metro area is in like three counties just in Ohio.
It just means that black people have been on the road to having their rights respected longer than 100 years. 100 years ago, being gay would get you institutionalized, homosexuality was considered a mental disorder. 200 years ago, a white man marrying a black woman would have been seen to be as ridiculous as him marrying a cow or a chicken by the vast majority of people.
I have a similar use case. I don't watch video on my phone, I don't really do heavy web browsing either. I pretty much just use my phone as an iPod that can make calls, texts and do quick web searches. I keep upgrading so everything runs smooth, but my use case hasn't really changed since I had the iPhone 3G. I've sort of resigned myself to the fact that I'll have to put up with a larger phone, but I'm with you, I would love a the 4" form factor to be brought back with the same internal features as the current ones. Hopefully they won't make it "last year's phone" like they do with the iPad mini.
From the [Cornerstone Speech](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornerstone_Speech) given by the Vice President of the Confederate States shortly before the war: &gt; Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition.
&gt; a "de-transition" clinic in Belgrade has had "1,500" inquiries. I bet a good number of those are also from the unaccepting parents of kids who might be trans.
I'm sorry, I don't usually do this, but it just bugged me too much. In all the places you used "hole", it should have been spelled "whole".
It's like he did the whole thing in character as David Brent. The joke had that same feel as something inappropriate said in front of coworkers.
You're probably not going to find a genuine one for much less than Apple charges. Most stores don't discount Apple products unless it's clearance or a big sale like Black Friday. If you can't wait for a sale and need it now, you may as well buy it from Apple. If you can wait a while, Best Buy sometimes sells open box chargers (usually ones someone returned because they bought the wrong connector or wattage)
Wow if that's true, then he's an idiot. I doubt Firaxis will let him in on that information anymore now that he's leaked it. Kind of like how Apple stopped inviting Gizmodo to events after they leaked that stolen iPhone prototype.
I could see companies sharing game release dates before announcing it to the public. They already do this with movies, studios share release dates with each other in advance as a courtesy so other studios don't inadvertently release same genre films on the same day.
When I read that, I pictured B-Rad from Malibu's Most Wanted.
Pull it with a crow bar or similar elongated metal object with a bend at one end.
In leveling roulette, I expect to find newbies who done quite know what they're doing. If I'm playing a new class, I might even be that newbie. As long as they aren't assholes, I don't care if we wipe or have issues during the run. I don't want to be chasing players away because they aren't performing optimally in Tam-Tara regular. Practice makes perfect after all.
I think the Verge probably didn't work because they use that horrible web layout meant to mimic an "app". The web has become pretty infuriating now that web pages are overriding touch gestures.
What the hell is with Virginia lately? Just the other day there was an article about the state wanting to ban gender changes on birth certificates, and now they have a bathroom bill.
I haven't logged in to Facebook in a few years now, but back when I made an account, I just didn't select anything the gender field (blank was an option) and it referred to me as "they". I wonder if it still does that.
GameStop typically ships before release date though. But it does suck having to pay for shipping.
I would be at war with everyone. Missionaries from the AI's heathen religions are shot on sight.
The first bit of female clothing I switched to wearing everyday was underwear, and that was when I switched to stalls. It's just too hard to get your "thing" out to pee standing up while wearing panties, especially when you get them a little tight to hold everything in.
You're right, but I still think it's hypocritical for trans people to be against gay rights. Their struggle may be different, but they face similar adversity. However, Jenner's case is worse, given that she is now presenting as a woman attracted to women. Jenner may not want to think of herself as homosexual, but by definition she is a lesbian. The gay rights that she belittles in public affects her whether she likes it or not.
I didn't notice it at first but you're right, just the second sentence in is this run-on beauty: &gt; Well, technically, it released Mac OS X into the wilds with its public beta program, but since this preview version of OS X was codenamed “Kodiak,” a species of bear found in Alaska, I think I can be forgiven for spicing up the opening sentence to an article about an old beta version of an operating system. I can just hear the creak of the teacher's desk drawer sliding out as they reach for the red pen while reading that.
It can't be Ra, he was killed when his ship was blown up with a nuke.
Well, there's always Bermuda I guess
I have a friend who did that, he said all the locals told them they were daft for visiting in January.
Gary used to be a big industrial city, they had a large US Steel operation there if I remember. Like a lot of towns in the US which were almost completely dependent on manufacturing, Gary suffered greatly when jobs were moved abroad after 1980. The town is empty and impoverished, which tends to attract crime.
Is Brazil considered developing? From what I've seen, it looks pretty modern. I mean the only thing that would prevent me from living there is the fact that a Playstation costs like $1000.
That's because most of the wealth is only in the hands of a few people. Most of the Arabian peninsula is highly unequal.
Indians who come here are usually pretty friendly though and they bring fantastic food with them. I've never been to India but I don't understand how it could be so bad.
I don't know if it has time. Once the oil money is gone, all they'll have is a bunch of empty buildings with no money to run the lights, fountains and air conditioning.
I think that describes all tourist areas.
I'm pretty sure Esperanto is only spoken by like five linguistics professors, so it makes more sense to use the languages that most of those maintaining the standards speak.
You're not obligated to tip them, at least at Subway, and I suspect at almost all quick service restaurants with a tip jar. They get paid regular minimum wage, not the bullshit tip minimum wage, they're just trying to get extra cash.
This isn't just unethical, it's theft and could get you and possibly your friends banned from the theater if you get caught.
If you're in the situation that you would say no though, for the love of god wear a condom.
If you're going to go through all that shit, you may as well pirate. You're going through all that extra effort for something arguably as unethical as just downloading the stuff.
I didn't do stuff like that when I was a teenager.
My sister had a destination wedding. I tried getting out of it by saying that I didn't want to spend the money, and then my dad bought me a plane ticket. So I got to spend the weekend in Maryland in February surrounded by my sister's friends and her insufferable family-in-law. :/ The reception did have a full bar, and I sampled everything, so I guess there's that.
Well they did have one in A View to a Kill
&gt; Also, why do people hate branded content so much? I personally find it unappealing. Even if a brand makes something I like, the last thing I want to see is that brand's big ass logo plastered all over things. There's also just something about advertising that just feels cheap and inauthentic.
I think the New Beetle has a little vase mounted on the dashboard.
Even with Apple Music hidden, there's no way to bring it back to the way the old app was laid out. I would love to be able to change the bottom bar layout *like we could in the previous version*. They specifically removed a feature just to promote their streaming service, which is really pretty shitty.
If you still haven't sold it, I'd take the PowerBook off your hands
Don't a lot of western countries require a coffin though? Also, would a burial vault be considered the same as a coffin? What is done in areas where a coffin or vault or both are required?
It's the one actually branded "New Beetle", it looks like the current model, which is just called "Beetle" doesn't have the vase. I know, the naming is kind of stupid. It's the same kind of confusing shit as Nintendo's New 3DS.
If they needed a Mac lab and a PC lab, it may have been cheaper to just build a Mac lab and dual boot Windows for when it needs to be a PC lab.
This is why I love that episode of the Boondocks where MLK comes back in modern times. He gets called a terrorist for suggesting that the people of the Middle East are humans too, and is disgusted by the way his image and work has been perverted into meaningless lip service.
Eh, I have the regular 3DS XL and I've preordered the Pokemon New 3DS bundle. I'm planning to keep the old XL so I can swap between them if I want.
...And it's illegal. Making a hackintosh for yourself is one thing, but if a large institution like a university did it and Apple found out, they would almost certainly get sued.
Not if they paid for the Windows license. Apple provides free utilities for users to dual boot Windows, you just need to buy a license from Microsoft. As far as I know, the terms and conditions for Windows permit you to install it on any compatible computer. However, Apple does *not* sell licenses for OS X, and the terms of OS X prohibit it from being installed on anything but Apple hardware.
I don't really like Clinton, but think about it this way: Who would you rather have nominate the next 3 Supreme Court justices, Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump?
Kudos, I think you explained that topic better than my actual macroeconomics professor did.
It's on Netflix and it's fantastic.
Now I kind of want to see a reality show like that, the Ices T, Cube, and Vanilla all living together as roomates in a large house getting into crazy hijinks.
Does it support secure FTP?
Voyager would have been a better show with Ron Moore as a producer. Imagine the show being more like Battlestat Galactica, with real threats around every corner, where the Borg still had their teeth and remained a dangerous threat throughout the series. Making the show feel like TNG was a mistake because it's a completely different situation.
You know, it was people now your parents age who *invented* the Internet.
I wouldn't necessarily think badly of them if it's actually their car. I'd probably want to talk to a guy with a picture of himself standing like a G in front of a 5 year old Hyundai.
I've been considering getting one of those LG ultra wide displays just to have more visible in Xcode.
...I made all of my stuff default to Bing on purpose.
I have serious concerns with putting my data in the hands of someone who's business model is literally to sell it to the highest bidder. Before I switched completely to Bing, I tried both side by side and for my purposes, Bing gets the same results and I get to feel all good inside knowing that I'm helping to break Google's dominance of internet search.
I feel like an out of touch curmudgeon when I realize just how unappealing I find most of the internet these days. Like for example, people watch entire channels on YouTube that's just some guy playing a game. Not giving advice or walkthroughs, just some guy playing the game normally. I just don't understand this, why don't they just play the actual game? Or the people who do something stupid and upload it to YouTube. It's like everyone with a YouTube account wants to be Tom Green. I think I just feel like I'm not old enough to be annoyed at "those damn kids", but it happens anyways.
Wouldn't it be a sun stone?
Even worse, Emmerich and his crew say that they're continuing with the film's idea that the gate only goes to one planet rather than being a network.
&gt; laptops are usually bought at a full price Apple promotes financing options for all of their products, and people do use it to buy more than they can afford. The reviews online for the Apple Store Barclay card are pretty terrible, mostly because idiots don't read up on how interest deferred financing works. As a general credit card, it is pretty terrible (over 20% interest). But if you think of the interest deferred financing as a loan and pay it off within the promotional period, it's a pretty good way to go. I bought my current MacBook with it, and once I paid it off, they offered me free financing again which I used to buy my Apple Watch.
&gt; Candidates campaign based on votes, they legislate based on policy. At least, democrats do. Republicans tend to legislate based on lobbying. Democrats are just as guilty as playing political bullshit games as Republicans are. The fact that they do it to advance a platform I agree with doesn't make them saints.
[So I guess this is the future then](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZCEq8jy5-M)
Yeah but Roger Wicker and the rest of the good ole boys running the state are just steaming turds that took human form. I'm not really surprised.
Back when I ran a public server, we didn't allow swearing, partially because we had children playing (we actually had several people join because it was a good place to play with their kids) but more importantly, swearing can easily become spam, especially when there are children on the server who think the word "fuck" is funny. Though I would usually give warnings and suggestions for quite a while before actually banning someone.
Regardless of whether Apple is living up to its goals, having its own service that they can advertise as having privacy in mind would help their current marketing message.
On eBay, there's always the chance that those sealed products are stolen. $161 is worth not having to worry about having the police seize your new MacBook as stolen goods.
Yep, just like Bush should have also been sent to prison but spends his day making ugly paintings instead. These guys always get off regardless of what the supposedly believe in.
I think to understand this, you kind of have to take into consideration where computer technology was at the time. Text to speech and speech recognition have been theoretical technologies for a while, but it's only recently that the idea of a computer using and more importantly understanding colloquial language has become viable. Early attempts to have computers understand speech were very command driven. Things like "open &lt;application&gt; and perform &lt;task&gt;". Given what people thought a computer could do at the time, Data's speech kind of makes some sense.
Not OP, but that's the case for me. I don't really browse the Internet on my phone and I don't watch video at all. Having a larger screen doesn't do as much for me as it does when it's easy to hold.
Well with someone famous like a president, you're paying for the prestige of having a former president speak, not necessarily the content of the speech.
You know, the Offspring, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Radiohead were all formed in the early 80s.
It would be amazing to consistently get long sleeve tops with sleeves that are actually long enough. It's so frustrating when I find a nice top and it always fits in every way except length.
They're probably talking about PS3. Thankfully, it shouldn't be holding us back for much longer.
I was driving in the summer once, going south in the afternoon so the sun was beaming in the passenger side, where my phone was sitting in the seat. It shut off until I moved it to the shade and it cooled off a bit.
I always worry that people are doing this to me. When people tell me that I look pretty or 100% female, I get suspicious and worry that they're just trying to be nice.
How Can Our Bodies Work Out When Our Eyes Don't
&gt; Got an oil change at about 1200 miles Oh god why. I get my oil changes from the dealer and even they recommended every 5000 miles for my Accent. I got the maintenance package for my Elantra GT, all the oil changes are at 7500 mile intervals. Do you have ECO on? It limits the engine from revving to high to make it more efficient. If you turn it off, it should be much more responsive. Generally, I found that in both my old Accent (2013) and current Elantra GT (2016), you have to rev at 3000 rpm or higher to get decent highway acceleration. But if you really want to have fun, you can accelerate even faster if you learn to shift manually. These things can be fun little cars at 6000 rpm.
You could be right about the oil change, I don't know much about that stuff, just what the dealer told me about mine. I don't remember the Accent being sluggish in traffic, then again the car I had before was a first gen Honda CRV. I also had the Accent SE model, I don't remember if there were any performance differences between that and the base model.
What I love about the 12" Apple laptops is the fact that they're almost the exact height and width as a sheet of paper. My 12" iBook fit perfectly in a stack of textbooks when I was using one in college.
They are nice (I have one), but I think I'd go with the Titanium G4 for best looking system.
The ability to filter eBay listings to only sold listings is a feature that sadly not enough people know about.
I almost wondered if OP didn't get this idea from that. Then again, it does backfire on them.
The only thing I have a problem with is the coating of feces horses leave behind when you ride them in the street.
Maybe we should let the lion's family into that dentist's grazing ground for some exotic hunting as payback. Then it will be even, and no one has to worry about it.
Zoolander came out September 2001, right after 9/11, and underperformed at the box office because of that.
He changes costume for almost every song, it's pretty impressive. He's got a table right off stage with each part of the costume laid out, and he changes right there while the video plays. It's funny, the first time I saw him in concert, I had no idea who he was. My dad had to work the show and asked me if I wanted to go with him. I went, I figured if it was lame I would just go to his office and use his computer. The theatre had broadband and we still had dial up, this was around 2002. I stood along the wall in the balcony and watched, not expecting much. But as it turns out, the show was fantastic. Weird Al is an amazing performer, and the songs are all very clever. During that show, I went from not knowing who this guy was to a huge fan. It's kind of funny sometimes how that stuff works out.
I often wonder what I must have done in a past life to merit being born trans in this one.
You may want to practice soldering on something less valuable before you tackle your Mac. It's not hard, it just takes some precision. If you trail solder all over the board you can create connections that aren't supposed to be there, and if you leave the iron on the contact too long, you can potentially damage microchips by sending too much heat through the circuit board. It just takes a steady hand and a light touch. It's not a hard skill to learn, it just takes a bit of practice.
This turned out really nice, it looks professionally made. It makes me wish I had picked up some sewing skills.
Does snapchat not save your chat history?
You could get an old Pentium board, probably even for free, to practice on.
This is the reason why I could never get used to the realistic texture packs in Minecraft. The limitations of the block based world just make everything look funny.
This site gets posted all the time but I don't think it can really give you an accurate idea on where you would be happy living. Make your own list of what you desire out of a city and do some research. I guarantee anyone can generate much better recommendations for themselves than this website with just a small amount of research.
I was kind of disappointed that they turned Mauville into a giant mall. I liked it better as a town.
Did you prefer being called Seven of Nine instead?
If you live in a place where the online company has a physical presence, then you will be charged sales tax. I'm still a bit annoyed that Amazon opened facilities in Ohio because of this.
Apple doesn't disable non Mac App Store programs by default, just *unsigned* programs. Most developers of legitimate Mac software have Apple Developer accounts and sign their software. Windows does this by default too, bringing up the smart screen when you try to run unsigned software. It's actually a good policy for most end users.
Well I guess I changed it and forgot about it. It's not really a huge deal though, most users probably should stick with the App Store anyways. It's not like my parents need any software other than what comes on the Mac.
It looks like they're finally selling Beats headphones for what they're worth.
If you live in an apartment, Wifi will be shit because there are effectiely only three channels but way more broadcasting devices around, so Ethernet is still the best way to go.
There are plenty of people in "our generation" who make the same mistakes. As people get savvier, the malware purveyors are as well. Some people are just better off staying in the walled garden. I don't want to have my sister begging me to fix her computer when it could have been prevented by the operating system.
I know that, but the gateways that every ISP gives out normally don't support 5 Ghz, and most people are too cheap to buy a new one. When they have issues, I just tell them to get Ethernet because they balk at buying a router when they already have one in their modem.
The transition period from OS 9 to OS X was like 7 years (Classic was removed with Leopard) and the Intel transition period was 5 years (Rosetta was removed with Lion)
They should just buy an Excalibur. It looks like you can get one for a quarter of that.
I went to Video Games Live when it was in Toledo in January, it was a good show but I'm still disappointed that they didn't do Baba Yetu. But the live version of the Skyrim theme they did was pretty awesome, so it kind of makes up for it.
So when Sisko got the goatee, did you only notice it because one of the 6 pixels that made up his head got slightly darker?
Eh, I tried them, I didn't really care for the way they sound. The bass is far too heavy. I'm also not a fan of the garish colors they come in, I prefer black or white. I suppose they're probably well made now that Apple is in charge, and might be worth it if all that other stuff appeals to you. For me, they really aren't all they're cracked up to be.
This is exactly what I meant. I was suggesting creating a neighborhood of fabulous men in evening gowns and a pound of make-up. Trust me, I know first hand what transgender actually means.
Texas is such a weird place. Normally their rivers look like [drainage ditches](http://media.nbcdfw.com/images/652*367/Trinity+River+061314.jpg), but when a storm hits, they become raging torrents of almost biblical proportions.
You know, there are several of unethical Nazi medical experiments that have been used in modern science, such as the freezing experiments. They submerged prisoners in water of varying cold temperatures, recording the time and temperature at which they succumbed. Some of the ones they didn't kill were used to experiment with different methods to rewarm the body after hypothermia set in. This research has actually benefited our modern understanding of hypothermia. However, it's worth noting that it's very controversial to cite Nazi experiments in modern science, for obvious reasons.
This was one of the vaults in Fallout 4.
I'm not sure about that. Had the Republican primaries been just Trump and one other candidate from the beginning, say Rubio, I think it would look like the Democratic primaries do now. Trump would be trailing the establishment candidate in a strong second place position. Remember that for most of his early wins, Trump only won because he got the most votes, not because he won the majority. Rubio and Cruz split a majority of votes against Trump in many states. I think now he's kind of like Clinton, people who are dissatisfied with him support him now only because the shred of their ideals he upholds is slightly more palatable than his opponent.
He wouldn't give a racist subordinate a speech though, he would just punch him.
I had a feeling it would be that skit before I clicked it. It's unfortunate that every asshole doesn't get that moment of self realization at the end.
Do you understand that if someone has 41% of something, then it's not a majority?
If Camaros are built in Ontario like other GM cars, it might actually have a maple syrup line.
I don't think you understand what majority means. It doesn't just mean "the most" of something, [it means to have the most by over half](http://www.dictionary.com/browse/majority). Anything less than 50% cannot, by definition, be a majority.
I haven't used the new MacBook, but I believe the Magic Keyboard has the same keys, which I have used. It's not bad, but I much prefer typing on the old Bluetooth keyboard or the wired extended keyboard. The butterfly keys just feel more like typing on an iPad screen than actual keys.
It's funny how every article about a trans person who used to be in the military has to include a picture of their former self in uniform.
New Albany didn't exist until like 10 years ago, I wouldn't exactly consider any of it to be historic.
Huh, I figured it was a quarry.
I thought about ordering the VESA model when I got mine, but I like the way the built in stand looked more. So I just got an adjustable stand for my other monitor instead.
It's legally required though, how do you get around that?
To be fair, animal cruelty isn't really a problem the on small family farms, but it is often a problem in the big industrial farm complexes where most mass market products are made. These companies often just see the animals as a commodity, and treat them with less respect than farmers do. Peta's blanket statements are usually an overreaction, but the race to the bottom for meat and other products that come from animals has created quite a few ethical issues that have yet to be really addressed.
Kudos on being so sensible about that. It seems like so many parents are giving their kids smartphones at a very early age, and I have to believe it's bad for them to have that kind of instant gratification available at all times.
Some of us collect old Macs.
That would be fine, I only really use it to make calls anyway.
They couldn't even pass equal protection when the Democrats were the majority in congress, and they sure as hell aren't getting it through with the Republicans in control.
This is the reason most people give for the lack of a digital release. However, Sony now requires all PS4 games to be available digitally, so hopefully they'll negotiate terms for a Steam release of all three games at that time as well. Alternatively, they could always just record new music for a digital release remaster of 1 &amp; 2. It's not like it's that important to the game.
It's a sacrifice I'd be willing to make if thats what it takes to get a Steam/PS4 release.
It looks like it has the same body kit as [Walker's car from the first movie](http://img00.deviantart.net/eb9d/i/2013/170/5/a/fast_and_the_furious_eclipse_by_csixx-d1vtkdr.png) too.
It's been pretty clear for a while now that Sanders won't make it to the general election. Between Clinton and Trump, I'll probably vote for Clinton, if only because I'd rather see her nominate the next batch of Supreme Court Justices than Trump. I'm not about to help put a bigoted conman into office just because I hate the system.
If it has a Fusion Drive, it's not nearly as bad as a straight HDD. I have one in my iMac and it feels like the best of both worlds. It doesn't feel noticeably slower than my rMBP.
Joe Piscopo's TNG appearance is way more funny when you realize that Brent Spiner is basically making fun of him the whole time with his imitations.
Shit, I'll give both of them for it. I'm getting rid of them anyways, I may as well get something for it. I love that movie as well.
Oh, well then yeah it will feel slow. However, should you purchase it, it would be possible to replace the hard drive with an SSD. However, it's not for the faint of heart (difficulty depends on the model). If you know what model iMac it is, you can look up a guide on iFixit.
Or just use it to drive every day, most cars that are good on the track aren't that practical for daily driving.
If he does it in Spanish and the video goes viral, I guarantee we'll have rednecks trying to get people to boycott Target for hiring illegal immigrants.
Is there real research on this or are you just paraphrasing The Abyss?
&gt; Ireland Ah, I was wondering why the cards appeared to be British English, and yet you were measuring currency in Euros.
Plus, other higher learning institutions still exist. If I remember right, McCoy went to the University of Mississippi. It seems plausible that he got his medical degree there (the university's real life counterpart is known for its medical school) and only attended Starfleet Academy for officer training.
This time the north wants to be able to own Mexicans.
I don't understand why people think Obama is a Muslim, when one of the controversies during his first campaign for president was his *christian* pastor's extreme views.
I can't believe they would get rid of the 911's most iconic design feature. It may as well be just any rear engine car at this point.
&gt; My old dad Do you have a new one now?
They just brought it back in 12.4, it would be kind of weird to get rid of it again just a few months later. But I would be disappointed as well, I prefer the sidebar to the dropdown menus and buttons they tried to replace it with in 12. What I really want from iTunes is for it to be the list based music organizing software it was in it's earliest versions.
I had no idea this place was flat out abandoned like that. I remember hearing it had been sold, and just assumed the buyers made it a big box center by now, like they always do with failed malls.
No need to apologize. I know what you meant, I was just making a joke, not trying to correct you.
I would love for them to make this a mobile game and charge an actual single price instead of making it free to play nickel-and-dime bullshit. Then they can show people how digital distribution should work on mobile, just like they're doing in PC.
Clearly Amazon sells it's devices at a loss, but Apple and Samsung both make a profit on theirs.
[The current iteration of the MacBook actually performs as well if not better than the MacBook Air.](http://arstechnica.com/apple/2016/04/review-the-2016-retina-macbook-is-a-faster-version-of-the-same-machine/)
Donald Trump was worth $200 million in 1982. The S&amp;P 500 has an average rate of return of around 10%. If he had simply invested his fortune, he would be worth a little over $5 billion, which is more than most estimates (Forbes says $4.5 billion, the highest I've seen) of his net worth.
Perhaps their existing cybernetic components could cause them to retain their connections in addition to the Borg one, sort of like those drones Seven of Nine re-assimilated. This might make them extremely difficult to include in the collective, they might be compelled to leave just like those drones did.
I didn't realize others could see what you're subscribed to.
This was originally fixed in the Sims 2 actually. I'm pretty sure Maxis hated that the game became famous for killing people in pools.
I'm more interested in how you got snow in Fallout 4.
When the US government was created, Senators were appointed by state legislatures, not elected. The house was to represent the will of the people in Congress, and the Senate was to represent the will of the states. In that respect, the house is historically "of the people".
They're using the census definition of Columbus' metro area, which includes Newark and Marysville.
At this point, the only thing I miss from Sims 3 when I play Sims 4 is the weirder stuff in some of the Sims 3 expansions, like magical sims from Supernatural or pretty much everything from Into the Future. But then I like making unconventional sims and sending them on weird adventures more than making boring family lineages.
Autocracy is a pretty great ideology to adopt too, you can get double strategic resources from one of the tenets. This also stacks with Russia's double resources.
&gt; bay'yah to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi I don't know what that means, but I'm afraid to search for any of that in fear of being placed on some watch list.
Your suggestion to stock the fridge with Budweiser is far more horrifying than your use of commas.
V was an anarchist though. He wanted to topple *all* governments, not just the oppressive ones.
My grandmother had one of these. I never actually played it though, it wouldn't work with a modern TV without an antenna converter, and the old TV she had it sitting on hadn't worked for years.
Yeah, the problem isn't with Islam, it's with religion in general. Religion is the fuel behind most hate in the world, so we should just get rid of it.
I'm pretty sure a dealer would be happy to let you sit in one.
Yeah but we invented potato chips.
But they would likely seed the subreddit with posts, similar to what they do with shill users both on reddit and other social media sites. They'll pay people in Romania a couple dollars an hour to sit at a computer and populate fake accounts with opinions on various topics to make them seem legit. It wouldn't be that hard to make a subreddit like that too.
The imgur page says it's about Orlando.
Apple want students to buy up the "old" Macs before they release new ones. This has always been the purpose of the Back-to-school promotions. They clear out old stock for October refreshes. It's been like this almost every year for the last ten years.
It has the same number of ports. MacBook has a data port and a headphone jack, and the original GBA has a data port and a headphone jack. It was the GBA SP that had a second port for charging.
That's exactly what these people think though. They think it's an act, that we're doing this to deceive others to somehow reap benefits we aren't otherwise entitled. I'm not sure if anyone can really repeat it enough times for them to understand.
&gt; Let's shoot mommy dearest up with testosterone and see the proof that hormones don't do shit. /s [History already taught us that lesson](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doping_in_East_Germany#Significant_cases)
No, France is blue, white, and red.
You might try an emulator? They will usually use the generic gamepad API.
[Jesus was extra holey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stigmata)
Kia only got better because Hyundai bought them when they were going bankrupt. Before that, they were making pretty shit cars and failed horribly because of it.
"You are HIV Aladeen" :D D: :D D:
It's also not been relevant for quite a while, ships have been required to have enough boats for everyone board for over 100 years. "Women and children first" became famous because of the Titanic sinking, there weren't enough boats for everyone so it was decided that women and children would have priority. In fact, the requirement to have enough lifeboats for all onboard was actually a direct result from the Titanic's sinking.
The way it's posed makes it look more like Thing from the Addams Family, only with a face added.
If only I could request that my bank support Apple Pay. I've had to start using a different card for a lot of things just because that card supports Apple Pay.
There's no such thing as an "off-brand" GPU. It's either nVidia or AMD, they're the only two left.
Drink Brawndo, it has electrolytes, and it's what plants crave!
The ship didn't carry enough lifeboats because the Board of Trade requirements at the time were vastly out of date, they hadn't been updated for the vast increase in ship size since 1900. The White Star Line actually exceeded the lifeboat requirements for a ship of Titanic's tonnage, and they thought that this, plus the watertight compartments would make the open space for passengers far more valuable. They didn't get any special permission to skirt the rules, because they didn't need it.
Lol, I love how he links to a Wikipedia page on Watson (the computer) as if no one here had ever heard of it.
Lol, light rail service to Marysville, Delaware, and Newark. Yep, definitely a fantasy. If Columbus ever gets light rail, you can bet that surrounding counties won't want anything to do with it.
The fact that he's willing to spend $15K just to get a girl's phone number is likely a good sign that he'll be broke once he's too old to play.
A lot of the pro athletes need someone to just sit them down and give them the hard truth: "You're probably not going to be Tom Brady or Brett Favre and play well into your late 30s or early 40s, and unless you are instrumental in winning a Super Bowl, ESPN won't be interested when your career is over either. You've got 8-10 years of this at best so let's work out a long term investment plan now."
Is the Thames even deep enough for a cruise ship?
What's Oitnb?
Especially now that we have a shot at electing a real President Camacho.
I just saw this ad, it's fan-fucking-tactic. It makes me want to join the community even though I know next to nothing about baseball. I did go to a Mud Hens game once though...
That just means it doesn't fit your use case. For a lot of people, an iPad is a nice cheap, simple, and easy to use computer. Both of my parents use their iPads almost exclusively for most of their computer related tasks these days. $229 is a pretty good price if it's your primary computer.
I wish more developers would follow Apple's example in mobile app design. Apple avoids just throwing everything into the huge menu button like other guys do, instead they try to work the options into specific menus and buttons on the form itself.
Don't get a 2011 MacBook, it's dangerously close to no longer receiving OS updates now that Sierra will drop support for models from before 2010. If you get a MacBook, get a newer model than that.
No an idiot makes it the price of a slice of pizza and a soda at his old workplace.
Ideally, try to get a retina MacBook Pro. The original generations are about 3 years old now, so people will be starting to replace them, especially when new ones come out later this year. Used ones should go down in price quite a bit as people replace them. But anything made within the last three years is probably a good bet. If you buy anything older than that, you'll only get a few years of OS updates at best.
I think there's one in front of the store with the SCUBA apparatus in the window.
Didn't Civ IV only have one leader per civ at launch? I seem to remember most of the leaders being added with the expansions.
I mean this is only like the 10th time this image has been posted here.
Don't forget the Ivy Bridge CPU, that was never upgraded either.
I think OWC recently come out with replacement SSDs for these computers.
Tuna prepared with mustard is actually really good. When I make my own tuna, I usually substitute mayo for mustard.
It's because of the way iMessage works, the messages aren't stored on the server, it sends the message simultaneously to all devices on the account.
There's no cake left, Sally Struthers ate it all.
Hey, Prince is a legitimate gender option.
I believe you're thinking of Buffalo [*Bill*](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_Bill_(character\))
This should make anyone who knows even a little bit about electricity anxious. High voltage AC and integrated circuits just don't mix.
The writers of the show actually wrote a cookbook for those novelty burgers on the show too.
Subway stores are *supposed* to be baking bread all day. The smell of baking bread and the idea that the bread is freshly baked are really the only unique parts of the Subway recipe. Old bread should be thrown out, and they're supposed to use date labels in the bread cabinet to facilitate this. These are all guidelines that corporate gives to the stores (which are almost all franchised). Unfortunately, many owners are cheapskates who skirt the date rules to save money. But when you find a Subway store owned by someone who actually gives a shit and follows the rules, it's actually pretty damn good.
It's at least 10 times higher than what the card is supposed to accept. In this context, it's high voltage.
You're right, I haven't had my coffee yet lol.
Yeah but Apple isn't recouping the cost of providing you with that storage from advertising like everyone else. Google (and Microsoft) gives you a ton of free storage because they want you to use their services so they can learn more about you to build a better advertising profile on you. Apple operates it's service as a paid product, with the free usage only serving to facilitate device features and to get you into the service. 99¢ per month is a bargain for cloud storage that isn't touched by advertisers.
If you do that shit in redneck country, they might grab their legal open carry weapon and shoot you.
The thing is though, transgender only has anything to do with the LGB part because of a shared history of being discriminated against. The actual experience of being transgender has almost nothing to do with the experience of being gay or lesbian (save maybe for trans people who happen to also be gay or lesbian). They're two separate things. I don't agree with her sentiments, but I also don't think it's fair to force a trans person to be associated with the gay community when they clearly don't want to be.
You're right, saying negative things about gay or trans people isn't the right thing to do. But some people can't accept the trans label. I can understand wanting to separate yourself from the trans label after transition. I mean for me, I don't want to be trans, I just want to be a normal woman.
I can't remember which episode that was in, but the part with the Wormhole X-treme version of Daniel Jackson talking about taking a hiatus from the show was great.
Monsanto bullies independent farmers with IP lawsuits for replanting their fields with seeds from last year's crop, which is the way agriculture has worked for tens of thousands of years. Their business practices threaten people's livelihoods, which is way worse than being encouraged to buy cable service in a bundle just to get internet. But most people who aren't farmers don't know about that, so it goes unnoticed.
I would love to see one set in Detroit. 50s industrial Detroit (as I believe it would have remained in the Fallout universe) would be pretty neat, and the whole motor city thing could be a nice way to reintroduce cars to the game. I'm thinking they could have the main friendly settlement in Michigan Central Station and the rail yard behind it. The game's "evil" faction could be a industrialist family headed by someone like Henry Ford, who wants to rebuild the Detroit wasteland into his own pre-war utopia, aiming to displace everyone who doesn't belong of course. Maybe have the snooty residents of Grosse Pointe still alive and living in their mansions as ghouls, friendly at first but with some sort of dark secret. Including Windsor across the river would also give them a good opportunity to explore what happened to Canada after the war. Maybe Canada wasn't hit as bad and still exists in some way, but has closed itself off. Your player gaining access to cross the bridge might be a neat quest, perhaps by impressing the leader of a militia that styled itself after the Mounties and tries to protect Canada from the danger in the US wasteland.
That's true, but seeing as it was just annexed, it wouldn't have the same level of US military infrastructure, and thus wouldn't be as great a target. Also, China may have seen strategic value in not bombing Canada. Most Canadians were probably unhappy with the US occupation, and would have welcomed China tackling the US for them. China may have planned to use this to their advantage during the actual invasion. Maybe the former government of Canada secretly made a pact with China to help them win the war, in return for being liberated after the war.
I don't think Detroit would have ended up that way in the Fallout world though. With China as an enemy and a more nationalistic US government, Detroit probably would have remained the capital of US industry until the bombs fell.
Or Soldier Field, it's arguably in a better location for a settlement being next to the lake
&gt; Is that even up for debate? So... Yes?
The BoS would probably take Navy Pier, and maybe have a big boat docked there sort of like the Prydwen. With only one land side, it's pretty defendable.
I wish we could just repeal the second amendment. Guns are such a nuisance and we'd be better off without them.
Scotland has a legal right to leave the Union, they wouldn't actually be seceding.
&gt; Then slowly joined the ~~dark side~~ Facebook
Well these are the trusties, non-violent offenders with good behavior in prison. They have a real shot at getting out of prison and aren't likely to ruin that with a half baked escape plan.
I loved one of their songs in high school, and now I can't even remember what it was called. It's whatever song of theirs was on the radio around 2005. I actually bought the song in Sony's music service that worked with the minidisc players.
Of course there's an Olive Garden subreddit
Not even the super rich pay nearly half their income in taxes. If you make 40k then your annual income tax is about 20-21% before deductions.
Hyundais in general are great budget cars. You get a lot of features for the money and a great warranty.
I love how someone decided to name that game with a colloquial term for an anus.
Those big SUVs that can fit a third row of seats should be avoided as much as shitboxes. Those things only exist to carry around ~~horrible unaborted fetuses~~ children.
If the union is still operating on behalf of the employees while also holding ownership of the company, doesn't it make this more like common ownership?
&gt; Doctor Who treated Orlando shooting victims, addresses islamophobia in wake of attack
That's what they said about Duke Nukem Forever
What the fuck, [the 16th amendment was ratified in 1913](http://www.usconstitution.net/constamrat.html#Am16). Whoever wrote this apparently lacks a history book in addition to common sense.
He's also the author of half the top posts on this sub, which is probably why OP credits Reddit for noticing this.
So am I, Since getting the original Xbox, I've found the analog stick at the bottom layout to be much less comfortable for most games.
Honestly I really don't care what arrangement they make with the profits, I just want to be able to buy one.
I believe one of the first and most innovative ones was the remote-powered listening device that the Soviets hid in a gift to the US Embassy in Moscow shortly after the war. No one found it for years because it had no internal power source, so it only generated electromagnetic signals when it was remotely activated.
I went from a 32GB 5S to a 64GB SE mostly for the performance and space increase. My 5S didn't feel slow, but I figured it's only one more OS upgrade from that.
Or better yet, find a set of the matching speakers that came with it.
Well the only possible reason I can think of for liking football is a desire to see muscular men grab each other for three hours.
Most of everything Apple makes is produced by third parties. They don't do their own manufacturing. I'm sure they just made a special order from whoever makes the regular watch bands.
According to a friend's barber's brother's niece who works at Apple, the iPhone 7 is really going to be available in pink glitter paint.
Just a like Bar Rescue is just people who like booze deciding to buy their own free drinks facility and getting yelled at for having such a poorly thought out plan.
There's some website I found a while ago that is tracking the bars after the show. The number of places successful and open after the show is much lower than you would expect. I'm not sure if it's the show making changes that don't really click with people (the changes they make tend to feel a bit generic sometimes) or just general incompetence in the people left running the place.
http://www.barrescueupdates.com/p/all-bar-rescue-updates.html
Cnet is owned by CBS.
I get a certain sense of satisfaction from beating her as University.
GE held a majority interest in RCA for its entire existence. When GE took over RCA in the 80s, they were merely absorbing something they already owned.
He looks like he's related to Bat Boy.
I miss the old Apple aesthetic too. The G3-G5 machines were just so beautiful.
Any G4 system that can boot OS 9 natively (not just in OS X classic mode) is going to run OS 9 the best.
It would be hilarious if someone tried to clone David Bowie (or any deceased celebrity) and the clone had no interest in music or performing at all, becoming something mundane like a lawyer or a banker instead.
It would work better as /r/jfc
I mean to be fair, men like Wernher von Braun were only working for the Nazis because it was the only way to continue their work at the time.
You're right, that's my cat's name :p
How does she not see the way women are often harassed in the workplace? Even before transition, I was aware of the way the more attractive women I worked with were treated by certain creeps. These men would stare at them in the worst possible way, and would come up with all sorts of excuses just to interact with them. They saw themselves as these women's close friends, but none of it was welcome. I'm not sure how anyone fails to notice this in the workplace, unless they just refuse to see it.
The download was completed, and they've been opened before. I get error 17999 from Stuffit Expander.
Isn't this the car Denis Leary's character in Demolition Man owns?
Is that guy real? I've lived in the south and I've never met anyone with an accent as over the top as that. It just seems off somehow.
It's not even yellow at all either. These can get pretty bad if they've been left in the sun.
As others have said, the Bondi Blue is a different color than Blueberry. However, I believe the Bondi Blue mouse didn't have the indent on the mouse button, this was added later to make it easier for users to tell which part was the button without looking. That could be a simple way to tell them apart.
The article says that the headphone jack hasn't changed the underlying standard, but this isn't true. Apple has added headset line in capability and support for the inline remote buttons as well. You can use all the features of the EarPods on a modern Mac, but plug them into a Macintosh 128k and they're just plain headphones.
On the Mac or the standard in general? I thought Apple only started including it so the iPhone headset would work with a Mac.
That's exactly what they're saying, 21 inch iMacs don't have the RAM hatch because the RAM is soldered to the motherboard just like the Macbooks, but 27 inch models have the hatch and RAM slots. I'm not sure why Apple did this.
The monthly payment plans are designed to make you upgrade at least every 2 years though. The longest term at most places is 30 months with the ability to get a new phone at 24 months when you give them your old one. A lot of people even get the shorter term that lets you have. A new phone every year.
Maybe you should talk to your mom again and give her all the proper facts, that way she can correct your uncle if he calls her about it.
I think it's more that Apple wants to avoid the PR nightmare that would come from trying to strongarm Google over this. Because all regular users would hear is "Apple is trying to block YouTube from being on iOS" and potentially switch to another device.
Asprin hasn't been a trademark for almost 100 years. Bayer lost it when they let it become a generic word for the product by allowing other manufacturers to use it.
And of course it happened here in Jackson. I hate this place so much
So do I. But so far I've gotten rejected from every job I've interviewed for so it looks like I'm stuck here.
So do I. I like to think that we add an important perspective to these discussions that is usually overlooked in mainstream media.
I really hope you're okay now and not considering suicide anymore.
Trump's presidency is just lady liberty menstruating
You might want to get a credit card for pre-ordering, that way you don't have to worry about that. I never put preorders for things on my debit card.
I'm sure some third party will make a battery pack case or something. They probably put the port in the bottom for the dock, but it would have been nice to at least have a second port somewhere.
I was pretty disappointed that Sony forced Microsoft to abandon their plan for linking games to accounts. It would have made buying games on Xbox more like steam, where you can buy the disc on sale but still treat it like a digital copy. That would have been well worth not being able to share or resell games.
You're right, it could have been a huge flop. I think they'll move in that direction for Xbox anyways - I think Microsoft sees the future of Xbox as a general gaming platform available on many kinds of hardware. Xbox "consoles" will probably become just a Windows computer with an interface using controllers, remotes, and Cortana. We're in an interesting time in that the way we consume games and other content is rapidly changing. Game systems have been moving away from being single purpose machines and I think we're on the verge of a full separation from platform and hardware.
Love them? Those pictures weren't even liked!
Don't forget the pickles
My dad keeps telling me he's worried about "these drugs I'm doing", referring to hormones. He seems to think that HRT is making physical changes I'll regret or that it will cause me to get cancer or something. I've told him repeatedly how ecstatic I am about life in general now that I'm on hormones, and how it's the best decision I've ever made, but he keeps insisting its a mistake. I don't know how to get through to him.
FYI one time I did Walmart ship to store and the check out person opened the box to make sure everything was there. Granted, it's not like they'll give a shit if they open it and see you're a guy buying panties or something. But it's something to prepare yourself for if you're still super closeted or something.
I took risperdal as a child and basically just got a head start on boobs when I started HRT. Now I had stopped taking it by the time I started HRT, so I don't know how it reacts. In hindsight I probably never should have been on it, I think the issues I was taking it for were actually dysphoria because they all went away with HRT. My mom apparently thinks it caused me to be trans, but it's bullshit. Suggesting that a drug can make you trans is as ridiculous as suggesting that a drug can make a gay person straight.
&gt; I definitely feel mis-socialized when people casually toss something my way and expect me to catch it, and I haven't mastered the art of "throwing like a guy". It's okay, lots of cis men can't do this either.
The technobabble was Rick Berman and Brannon Braga - they're why it was so prevalent in Voyager and Enterprise.
I use Launchpad all the time.
This makes me wish there was a subreddit where we discuss how being trans works in various fictional universes.
TNG included the aircraft carrier Enterprise in the [models of the ships called Enterprise in the Observation Lounge](http://i.stack.imgur.com/VcvFD.jpg). They were adding other ships as part of the Enterprise "lineage" for years before ENT was conceived.
I doubt Overwatch could run on the Switch. Really the Xbox One and PS4 are probably the lowest end of what that game could support.
I hate that part in the article with the before/after pic titled "people can't tell if she is trans". That type of shit perpetuates the misconception that we're out to deceive people.
Your laptop probably has far more computing power than the switch does though. We're talking about what is essentially a mobile system. Don't get me wrong, it will be able to do a lot of cool stuff but I don't think it's realistic to expect it to play games like Overwatch.
Welcome to the next 4 years of lip service. They'll say they support us so they don't look like bigots but won't actually do a damn thing to help us.
I'm referring to things like Trump saying Caitlyn Jenner can use whichever restroom she wants in Trump Tower. He'll say shit like that to pander to more moderate Republicans and independents who support LGBT rights, but never follow through on protecting it with laws.
She was a US Senator and then Secretary of State, how is that not making it on her own?
If they would just make a Mac version of Overwatch I wouldn't need Windows for the most part.
Nah she wouldn't feel awkward, she still thinks those are her people.
"Webster's Dictionary defines 'wedding' as the fusing of two metals with a hot torch" Oh god, Trump is actually worse at giving speeches than Michael Scott.
I wouldn't be surprised if they were intentionally referencing that.
I don't like Trump either but I don't think he's the end of the US government as we know it.
They could have just made the Switch support the standard phone headset. Everyone has at least one unused iPhone headset.
Does it just... drip out? I'm legitimately curious as to how this works. Edit: thanks for the replies, as someone who hopes to have a vagina someday this is incredibly interesting.
Apple has a free swift language guide available in iBooks. They also have [guides](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/referencelibrary/GettingStarted/DevelopiOSAppsSwift/index.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40015214-CH2-SW1) for learning app development on their developer website.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_test
I agree. I've always wanted the bed to be optional.
I have size 13 feet :(
"What if you regret this after making drastic changes to your body?" "How can you really be a (boy/girl) when you are so (feminine/masculine)?" "How do you know these drugs (referring to HRT) you're taking are really safe?"
Let's get this payload moving!
Don't the vast majority of illegal immigrants just overstay their legal travel visa? The wall won't change a damn thing.
We just need to get the wall supporters (including Trump) to watch the first couple of seasons of Parks and Recreation.
Trump is basically Montezuma in Civ V
Mei isn't fat though... has no one seen the spray with her in a bikini? Until now all of her skins have been huge bulky parkas. Like I'm all for realistic body figures in games, but it only makes sense that the new skins would make her look slightly slimmer because they aren't thick coats.
I never told them to cut their dick off.
Michael is emotionally invested in everything he does.
I'd say all 3 are apt descriptions.
There's a reason small towns in the south don't have colored drinking fountains anymore, and it's not because the town's people suddenly became okay with black people.
Oh god I mostly play DV.a and Mercy. At least the fact that I play junkrat a lot keeps me from being a stereotype:/
Ugh yeah. I got pulled over once and gave the police my ID, and he called me "Mr. &lt;deadname&gt;" through the entire exchange.
I've been considering getting one of those, how effective would you say it's been long term?
Wouldn't they have to have a blanket objection to spironolactone or estradiol, rather than just objecting to this purpose? Both of those drugs are used for other things, and it seems like if they object to filling it just for trans people, it's far more clearly discriminatory than not filling any birth control at all because "muh jezus"
I think you're exaggerating quite a bit. From a legal perspective, many of the more liberal states are slightly better for us than others but it doesn't mean the rest are absolutely horrible. Most people, even in rural areas, just don't care about us. I've found lots of trans accepting people throughout the south, and most of the rest are at best indifferent. I've met transphobic bigots in urban areas and thoughtful allies in rural towns. It's simply not as cut and dry as blue state good, red state bad. Live somewhere because it's a place you like, because the unfortunate fact is that people will find ways to discriminate against you no matter where you live, so make sure it's somewhere you can feel comfortable.
If you want to finance surgery, you'll need good credit and a decent enough income to qualify. I'm planning to borrow from my 401K to pay for mine, since the money is already mine, the interest rates are low. I've also heard of people paying for it with a credit card and rotating the debt around to various 0% interest offers until it's paid off.
Northland was on Morse Rd. near 71, as the name suggests it was the north side mall. It got killed by Polaris and I think two of the department stores became offices and the rest was demolished.
Then people can call New Albany ghetto because it's inside the beltway
I'm only taking a loan from it, not doing a dispersement. The interest rate is only like prime rate + 1% and I'm it paying back. It's either that or put up with having a penis until I'm 40.
They'll rename it to New Wark though so it sounds newer
Coastal property is only super expensive when it's in populated/popular areas. There are beautiful views in the middle of nowhere that can be had surprisingly cheap.
[...like the fake windows in Back to the Future?](http://www.gunaxin.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Back-to-the-Future-II-scenery-channel-flexible-TV-560x285.jpg)
Did you already have your name change done?
This is just... *hotel art*
Ah, okay. I ask because I'm planning to change mine before coming out at work and wanted to know how that works (like if work finds out about the name change).
What happens if you change your name with social security but don't notify them?
Hey, be nice to Data
Target just has one big unisex fitting room, and from what I understand they're pretty trans friendly as a company. But FWIW, I'm on the border of passing I think and I've never been turned away from the women's fitting room. I think the attendant that day was just a bitch, most of the time they don't care.
They used to do the same thing on Star Trek, the script would just have [tech] wherever they wanted the characters to spout technical gibberish at each other.
Joke's on him, I hear Reykjavik is pretty awesome
If they roll a 1, do they become mortal enemies?
So I'm curious... could you "cure" yourself of this cancer by getting orchiectomy?
Here, you can go straight to the end of those things: [Here's where it ends now](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ia0ij/watching_fellowship_of_the_ring_tonight_and_never/c225zkg?context=3) [And here's the original end](http://web.archive.org/web/20120407230731/http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ia0ij/watching_fellowship_of_the_ring_tonight_and_never/c225zkg?context=3)
...how long after? It would be funny for her to just go home with big 'ole tittles and a radically different face and still try to present as male to people.
Dude Looks Like a Lady
I get my hormones from an informed consent clinic in Jackson, MS. Not sure if that's too far for you.
And with Barnum &amp; Bailey circus out of business, the top leagues now have a new pool of players to draw from!
[It's an age-old question](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ship_of_Theseus)
My dad supports "liberal" causes, votes for Democrats, etc. but has a huge problem with the idea of trans people in general. He's had a rough road accepting this, and still won't see that transition was good for me or even address me as a woman.
I just checked, you can buy tickets to Kings Island (which is like two hours north) for $47 for adults and $40 for kids online, and it's probably at least twice as fun.
He should add one of those flight roller coasters like the Six Flags Superman rides but change it so your arms are pinned out to the sides like a crucifix.
Oh wow great idea! Maybe I should get two wedding Peaches...
Xbox One X is so meta
I think it's because clothing and hair and style in general are extensions of who we are as a person, rather than just what our bodies look like. You chose that blue dress because it somehow compliments your personality in some way, even if you aren't aware of it on a conscious level, so that's what someone is appreciating when they compliment it. On the other hand, just complimenting your body or general sexual attractiveness is a complement only your body, and disregards who you are as a person.
I have early access registered for the correct platform, ([screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/6pm14qf.png)) but I can't accept the quests for either the new jobs or the MSQ.
I registered it like a week ago
Already done, but I figured I would ask here since I kind of want to try some of the new stuff before I go to work
Do have the Mac version? I have the same issue.
The game won't let me do any of the new quests anyways, so I'm glad I didn't take the day off. Hopefully they fix early access while I'm at work.
And I've also heard that those estimates are incorrect these days because the estrogen we take these days is more potent than the stuff transwomen were taking when those were written. But really it's a crap shoot even for cis women. There may be some genetic disposition one way or another, but by and large it's all RNG.
I'm sure Trump puts that in all of his prenups
It's like we all have those eyes that say "I'm dead inside" in our before pics... Going from unhappy to happy is just as radical of a transition.
This kind of thing happens with like every big MMO expansion, it's not that abnormal.
Is there a story reason for why he talks that way? Because otherwise he's like those American Doctor Who fans who start trying to use British English and just sound out of place doing it. No one else in the game speaks as over the top as he does.
Is your mother descended from a long line of gothic horror writers?
Awww you two look so cute together!
We only use ~~freedom~~ units given to us by an oppressive monarch over 400 years ago in America buddy. FTFY
You have a fair point, but most Americans don't have a good visualization for what a metric unit is, nor will they have metric conversions of measurements readily available. In addition, the original comment was about calculating the measurement of part of a building. Construction in the US is almost universally done in imperial measurements, more so than things like food packaging which is increasingly being made in metric sizes and converted to imperial. If the US ever does attempt metrification, construction would almost certainly be one of the last entities to make the switch. People would still think of housing sizes in terms of feet rather than meters, even while driving on roads measured in kilometers and wearing clothes measured in centimeters. In short, I agree with you that using metric site-wide would serve the largest percentage of users. But the fact that a very large chunk of the userbase lives in a society that doesn't encourage metric units at all means it's unlikely to happen soon unless theres a huge metrification revolution in the US.
Make them heal by throwing rocks at targets
If your parents won't respect your privacy, there's really no place that's 100% safe in their house. Some good places might be shoe boxes in your closet, in drawers under other things, under your bed, etc.
Me too, I'm a large on bottom and an extra large on top. I'm so glad that general size bikini tops exist because they never have my band size in the bra sized ones.
Until now I had no idea that Tucows still existed
Amazon delivers in a plain brown box, so none can tell that it's full of other gender clothes.
Using a binder is a bad idea if you actually want breasts, it can hinder development. Obviously this isn't a problem for trans guys but it's something trans women should be aware of.
I've been on hormones for 15 months and I'm still not out at work. I have obvious boobs that I don't try to hide but people either don't notice or don't care, they still treat me as male. People will overlook a surprising amount of things.
...you can still call an operator?
Some girls have raging erections
The only difference between those two levels of fat is that one is in a fictional universe where diabetes and heart disease only happen if the writers wanted them to. People in the same shape as Peter and Homer aren't exactly in great shape.
And the big floppy wiener on his face
Strictly speaking, a hermaphrodite would be someone with both male and female genitalia, which is impossible. The male and female reproductive systems form from the same prenatal organs, for example, the testes &amp; ovaries are created from the same organs, as is the scrotum and labia. Intersex people are those who's biological sex is not 100% male or female, through either chromosomal or hormonal disorders. For example, one form of chromosomal intersex condition is Kleinfelter's Syndrome, in which the person is a male born with two X chromosomes and one Y. They generally have male genitalia, though can be prone to deformities. They also commonly develop gynecomastia and are usually sterile. There are several variations on Kleinfelter's, such as XXXY. A good example of a hormonal intersex condition would be Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome. People with AIS have XY chromosomes but because their bodies aren't responsive to androgens (testosterone) they develop mostly as female. Like most intersex conditions, AIS is also prone to ambiguous genitalia. Intersex people are commonly referred to as hermaphrotites, but that term is inaccurate and considered offensive by most intersex people. Intersex is also not necessarily the same thing as transgender, although many intersex people can also be transgender.
Skyrim: Marble Edition
Even though he's doing a character on the show, he seems like he would be fun to be around.
I live in the US and I saw it on CBC, we got Windsor's CBC station on cable.
Section 31 was presented as kind a rogue element within the Federation though. It's allowed to operate because of either how crafty they are with staying ahead of any Federation officials, or through blackmail or recruitment of high ranking officers. It's probably a mix of both. I think that *as presented in DS9*, Section 31 makes sense in world. Sisko seems surprised that such a thing exists, and by that point in the show he's become very important in the Dominion War effort. If Section 31 were a sanctioned by the Federation, he would no doubt be aware of their existence, as they would likely be feeding him intelligence. I don't think we have any reason to suspect that Sisko knew about Section 31, and if he did, I have a feeling he would try to undermine it somehow. Thus, it's a group of rogue individuals taking action to secure what they see as a weak and ineffectual state. There may be elements within the Federation complicit with their agenda, but those are likely due to coercion and infiltration rather than outright support. Section 31 is based on the same vigilantism as those guys who patrol the US-Mexican border looking for illegal immigrants. From that perspective, I don't think it's so bad. But I do agree with OP that trying to work other events into Section 31 operations is a bad idea, as was Section 31's appearance in Enterprise.
So does every other old person.
[Here's where it ends](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ia0ij/watching_fellowship_of_the_ring_tonight_and_never/c225zkg?context=3)
The only part of that scenario that applies to me is being white.
It's a third party seller, they do this so the item shows up when you filter by percent discount. It also makes it look like a better deal than it is. In things actually sold by Amazon, they're usually better about using MSRP for original price.
I would be surprised if there wasn't an online mode in Metroid Prime 4 given how much more interested in online gaming Nintendo has become lately.
We don't even have proper cis-straight sex education, it will be a long time before LGBT education makes its way into schools.
I only keep coke around so I can mix it with rum
I'm pretty much the same way. I got a PSP because at the time, multiplatform games were better on PSP. But I never played much of the other Playstation systems, I pretty much only like Nintendo plus a few PC games.
It depends on the Six Flags parks, you have to go to one of the bigger ones for the really good stuff. If I go to an amusement park, I want to ride roller coasters. I grew up in Ohio and always loved going to Cedar Point.
The key is probably that *at that price point* they were having trouble making sales given the brand, and decided that they could be more profitable with a new brand that isn't as controversial as Trump is right now.
That isn't necessarily true. I know a lady who lives and works in rural Mississippi, her job is in a very male mechanical field, and she was able to transition.
I like this idea, if only because the Scions need more dudes. As fun as it was to have the Ruby Sea be ladies weekend at the beach, I want to see more guys around!
I think it's likely we'll see a trickle of each of these over the next few months like what has been happening with the rest of the Zelda amiibo.
What I did when I was still exploring presenting as female was to go to Walmart in a different part of town at like midnight. This was in a relatively small town in the south and things worked out fine. There aren't many customers at night and the wage slaves aren't going to risk their jobs by making harassing comments. I used the women's restroom in rural Alabama when I was only a few months into hormones and everything went fine, no fuss from anyone. From what I've seen, a lot of bigoted people in the south may hate trans people, but very few are actually going to be vocal about it or harass you.
Fun fact, male and female genitalia smell different mostly due to hormones. If a physically male person takes estrogen, their dick starts to smell like a vagina.
Tell them why every place in the US named "Lafayette" is named after a French aristocrat.
