This is what's holding me back from buying the game too. Buying a house out in the country has its downsides.
Got married. Bought a house. Expecting first born next month. Best year of my life.
Definitely seems recent. There isn't a guitar in sight.
Just a joke. I love the stuff from Currents so far.
They prefer meese.
What a ridiculous complaint.
She knew.
I used to eat a bologna sandwich with American cheese and miracle whip on white bread almost everyday as a kid. I only recently started eating mayo again after a fifteen year break. Still don't eat bologna, American cheese or white bread and I doubt I will ever again.
If I were to bet 100 dollars that you are wearing flip flops, I would take that bet.
Diddy Kong Racing was remade for the DS. Donkey Kong Country Returns and Xenoblade - two games for the Wii - were remade for 3DS. I guarantee you there is not a single conversation at Nintendo HQ that is going along the lines with your reasoning. There isn't a pattern with remakes that Nintendo is following. You have one example of a GameCube game being remade for the Wii U. You are basing this entirely on the fact that there are three N64 remakes on the 3DS, but you're also discounting the two Wii games that also had a remake. So what can we conclude? Nothing!
So these games originally came out on a home Nintendo console, and the newest home Nintendo console is the only place we won't be seeing this collection. Hm.
Man I wish I could replay that game over again for the first time. You saved the best for last.
We have that. It's called Super Mario World.
I wish I had done some more research before buying this game. Nothing wrong with the game at all, but I have satellite internet and a data cap that throttles to dial up speed after reaching the cap. As it stands, if I play an hour of online I will eat up an entire gigabyte of data. Luckily I have unlimited use during 12a to 5a. But I also work 9 to 5. So at best if I want to cut into my sleep I can get in an hour after midnight without using up data. This game is awesome, but I'm already seeing the effects of owning the game without full online capabilities as an option. Years down the line when the servers are done, I won't be putting this game in to play single player mode.
Yeah. It's even worse because I've had unlimited high speed internet for as long as it's been widely available. I bought a house out in the forest which is awesome, but I won't be getting internet here probably ever. Satellite is the only way to go. Now I have to really decide if I want to watch a YouTube video which is something that I've never really had to do before.
Ahh that's good to hear!
I remember forgetting to leave my backpack in my locker after my school began enforcing a no backpack in the classroom policy to prevent shootings. Class was stopped once my government teacher noticed I had my backpack with me and he asked me to remove my backpack from the classroom. I don't know why he thought that would have prevented me from using a gun if I had one.
I would say so. This game has a ton of charm. You'll likely beat the game the first time you sit down with it, but you can't play each level on any given play through. There are alternate paths and warps to access different levels. Basically the first level will be the same every time but that's it. Play it for the one liners if anything.
Hopefully. Can't wait to play Mario Kart 16 online without a data cap. I live in the country.
I really don't understand this logic. Prayer is answered based off of first hand experience: god exists. Prayers are not answered in others' experience: god exists. Not to be dark, but if your sister didn't recover, do you think your parents would have still found god after your dad's prayer?
On the contrary, what if their closest support system at the time happened to be atheist or of a different religion? Do you think that would have altered their decision to became associated with a specific religion?
No because then it isn't about them and their beliefs being "violated".
Yeah that had me wondering if I would like that too. Vampire Weekend pulled that off with Diane Young, but it's still kind of weird.
As someone who has been checking this sub at least every hour for the past two weeks, please don't title your posts with "finally" in all caps.
Yeah but the Wii U is actually good though. I had a friend that's never owned a Nintendo system other than handhelds visit the other weekend and we played MK8, Splatoon and DKTF. He kept telling me "man I need a WiiU, but I'll probably just wait for Xenoblade" all weekend. I didn't think much of it until a few hours after he left he texted me a picture of a Splatoon bundle with MK8. I don't know if there is any other console that has that kind of power. To instill that much of an impression that warrants an impulse buy. Definitely not the same as Sonic's bullshit.
It's just a theorem though!
Not to mention the slow drip allows for sales on games that might otherwise not happen. If they released them all at once, Nintendo will surely report a good quarter if they release all VC titles at once. But then the following quarters will be nowhere near that quarter in VC sales.
Does anyone else want to share their personal feelings about how they feel about Currents? Please make a new thread, and continue to make new threads every time you have a new revelation regarding your feelings and expectations about the album. Thank you.
The Moment and TLIKTB are definitely contenders for dance floor material.
Old Leghumper from Thirsty Dog.
One of my best friends growing up became an alcoholic at some point. His wife blames his alcoholism on everyone but him. Right after his wedding, and a year before mine, he got pulled over for a DUI after leaving a going away party for myself and my significant other, she called us the next morning bitching us out because he was in jail and we should have stopped him from leaving (I had no idea that he left). She contacted all of his friends that were there and told us how horrible of people we were. Fast forward a year later and he's in my wedding. We invite his new family to our wedding, but only he shows up after the rest of them RSVP that they are attending (which is super awesome considering how compliant I was when I was apart of their wedding). He gets completely wasted and had to work at six in the morning the next day. He eventually wanders off, is nowhere to be found and has a dead cell phone. His wife calls our hotel room on our wedding night and is bitching at us because she can't find her husband. We don't talk much anymore.
The scene in Dirty Work where they plant the fish in the house full of mobsters, then they narrate the massacre that ensues off screen. Also: "Well you see the problem here is we lied on our resumes, and we actually don't know anything about construction" "When's lunch?"
Not a foolproof analogy. I sell hearing aids for a living, and you wouldn't believe how many people tell me when I ask where they have the most difficulty hearing that they have trouble hearing when people are far away from them.
I wish.
And that's not unreasonable. I think if you're drinking more than 10 beers a week, you should expect that there might be health risks that will come with that. Edit: I'm not saying you can't drink 10 beers a day if you really want to. But if you do, and expect to still maintain your health, you're gonna have a bad time.
If you get drunk more than three nights out of the week, every week, you're probably an alcoholic anyway.
They are on Chapter 9 though. There is a fight that you can't use your skell in.
You didn't miss much.
This happened with my grandma. Met someone on Christian Mingle after my grandpa died, wired thousands to him. My cousin caught wind of it and had to get the rest of the family involved because my grandma wouldn't listen to my cousin when she told her that this person isn't who she thinks he is. It was kind of sad. This person's profile picture looked a lot like the man in the shopped picture too.
He removed the pencil sharpener from the wall and created a trail of riddles to its location in the room. Our Trig teacher was a very smart guy, but jokes kind of went over his head. The whole class was always sarcastically enthusiastic and he ate it up. Anyway, we're all taking a test and I can't concentrate because our teacher is hilariously walking around the room trying to solve each riddle to find the pencil sharpener. The next day it's back on the wall, and the class clown is making a cardboard shield around the pencil sharpener so it won't happen again. Then sometime after deer piss was poured into the AC vent so an entire wing of the school smelled of piss.
Have you played Prime Hunters before...? I would rather play Other M three times through before I ever try to play Hunters again. Multiplayer is great, single player is awful.
The game is a remake of a game that was originally on a home console. Tyte logic.
Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, Gimme Fiction, Blue Screen Life, You Forgot It In People, Atlas and Lonerism.
Why wasn't Skyward Sword, a game that came out one year before the WiiU, much like how the new Zelda for WiiU will be released one year before NX comes out, released on Wii and WiiU?
Pinky finger
Why do you think anyone here would know this?
It all depends on how much you like the game. I love Zelda, and TP. I also have NSMB Wii, but would I buy an HD update of this game? No.
I frequently use Rotten Tomatoes critic score to determine whether or not I'm going to spend money to see a movie in theaters, and after seeing the trailer for this movie, I scoffed at it and wondered how bad of a score a reboot of an action movie would have. I fully expected anywhere between 20-40%, but when I saw 98% for the critic score I was completely dumbfounded. Then I saw the movie, and as a person that is not an action movie guy, it was easily one of the best movies I had seen in a long time.
And don't forget to scan it before you enter the room!
I have been spelling suede as swayed for 27 years.
D
This song will becoooome the aaanthem of your undergrooound
Wasn't Prime Trilogy and Other M rated T? Isn't this par for the course?
No matter what you think about the aesthetics of the game, the rating is likely the way it is because it is a shooter from a first person perspective. Prime Trilogy, Hunters, Other M and Federation Force all received a T rating and they all have first person perspective shooting in the game.
I would rather play Other M three times in a row before I have to stomach playing this game again. One of the most boring games I've ever played. I actually think I would rather play Other M over Metroid, Metroid 2 and MP3.
I would argue that MP3 is just as linear as Other M. The action puts Other M above MP3 in my opinion. The story is bad in Other M, and the parts where you have to spend 10 minutes trying to find the point of interest in the first person perspective are awful, but other than that, I find Other M to be an enjoyable experience. I've beaten the game twice. I have attempted to beat Hunters twice. One time when it came out in 2005(2006?) and I gave it another try in 2012 when I assumed I wasn't giving it a chance back then. Nope. I pushed through about an hour past the part where I gave up years back, but succumbed to the utterly boring game and quit again.
Even better when that online code has an expiration date. I bought a book with an online access code that was required, but I had to drop the class due to a scheduling conflict and I signed up for the class the following semester. I already activated the code before I dropped the class. Two weeks before I was finished with the course the following semester, my access expired. I couldn't do anymore homework. I called the textbook company and explained the situation. Their answer? I have to buy the 400 dollar book with access code all over again to finish the last two weeks. I can't even describe how angry I was. I unloaded on the customer service representative. I know it's not their fault but I couldn't help it. Luckily I noticed that the website offers a free two week trial. I ended up having to sign up for the free trial to finish the course. So fucking stupid.
You going to Rio with those mental gymnastics?
If it helps, the majority of these songs are on their new album Star Wars.
I'm pretty sure there was an episode where one of the characters is trying to book a motel room and the clerk asks if the stay will be by the hour or the whole night.
I know this seems cliché, but I'd like an unexpected twist in the story. If it happened after the third dungeon, I would be expecting that. I mean something drastic happens 80% through the main story. The bad guy seriously gets the upper hand. Their intentions from the beginning were actually realized. Link's path to victory becomes unclear. The world becomes grim and a plan B has to be devised. Something different from "get 3 of this, story stuff, get 3-5 of this, finish game".
Same here. I played Blue and Gold when they came out. Started to realize how boring they were, then moved onto other RPGs. I decided to give it a try again when X came out. I had to force myself to finish the main story but I found it incredibly boring. Not for me.
I feel like I'm one of five people that really liked Other M. Of the Metroid games I've played I would rank them: Super Prime 1 Fusion Prime 2 Zero Other M Prime 3 Hunters
I find it odd that George Harrison has a Twitter account.
MMMPAKTAMMPAKTAOOOoOoO
If anything, gyro aiming. And that's a good thing.
Get a Wii U
Totally different circumstances.
I think it is. I started listening to Tame Impala right after Lonerism came out, and I definitely thought that the album was the band at their peak. I didn't think there was any possible way to top that album. When Currents came out, I initially thought the album was much weaker than the first two. After listening to Currents for this past year and thinking objectively about how they stack up, I have to move Currents to the top. The album is just unreal. If Lonerism swapped Suns Coming Up with Led Zeppelin, I think it might be a different story. I personally think Suns Coming Up should have been a b-side and Nothing That Has Happened should have been the last track on the album.
I'd say Salad Days is the most accessible and the best starting point. I would go from Salad Days, then 2, then Another One, then Rock and Roll Night Club (as a big fan of the first three, I cannot seem to get into this one at all).
I think Star Fox Zero is the best Star Fox game ever made.
I don't think you're talking about either Xenoblade game. I don't think either of them had a demo, and I can't think of what you'd be referring to about slicing toes.
Same. My dad happens to be a Methodist pastor though, so it's basically his entire life and it's really uncomfortable anytime the subject comes up because it's hard for me to fake my interest. We live pretty far away from my parents though so my family can avoid the situation for the most part. My daughter is turning one next month though, and they have got to be wondering why we haven't planned a baptism yet.
I'm gonna bet you've heard at least one of his songs before.
Your brother sounds fun.
This post has been brought to you by Murphy's law.
Huh? Can you miss a heart piece?
And Galaxy 2.
I would hate to see the next Star Fox ditch the gyroscope aiming. I mean, Star Fox is probably toast for at least another ten years anyway.
I had 100-150 or so at one point. Basically the N64/GameCube era if I recall. Really wish I held onto them.
Star Fox Zero is the best Star Fox game by a long shot. I went back and played 64 again after I collected all of the medals in Zero, played halfway through the campaign, and went back to Zero. It's not even close.
You can get it for 1.50 if you have it on the Wii VC already. Might be worth it for that off screen play.
:(
And there's also a chance that this won't happen.
Rural voter here. I voted for Clinton.
No way dude. NSMBU is the best 2D MARIO game ever made. I've played through that game countless times, but 3D World was a one time play through. I think everyone else would be singing it's praises if it wasn't the 4th one in the series.
Completely agree. I think a lot of people are turned off by the same themes for the worlds and the same music theme that's constant in all of the previous games, and I get that, but the quality of the level design is unmatched.
Whoever made this doesn't know shit about fiscal quarters and the importance of distributing investments through out the year.
Something tells me that a person asking what MySpace was like is also not going to know what Geocities was like either.
Hopefully. I've been doing it for 3 years after smoking for 8. I want to quit doing this pretty soon too. I'll have a cig maybe once every six months, and every time I have one I realize I like vaping better. However I don't whip it out in public because I feel like a turd.
It might be easier to get the Tanooki suits, save, then just reset when you die so you don't have to go through 3-1 all over again.
I can definitely see that as a possibility. My last (and first) record store day experience was terrible. Got there 2 hours early and was 6th in line. I thought there would be a nice line formed for people to sift through the bins when the doors opened. Nope. It was a damn free for all and I was shoved to the back and missed out on what I came for. They really should let people in one at a time and give them two minutes to find what they're looking for before letting the next person in. I'll probably just stay home and try to find a decent price online.
My grandma. After my grandfather passed she met a charming fellow on Christian Mingle who was overseas doing charity work for the lord. She wired him thousands of dollars before my family put a stop to it. Her Facebook always gets "hacked" quite often. Trump supporter.
You didn't miss anything. We haven't seen any tax returns.
Yes
Yeah, dude. Dang.
My worst fear is that the deluxe edition will consist of remixes of songs that are already on Currents. Remember how Currents was supposed to release in early May and the reason why it was pushed back to July of 2015 was because Reality in Motion and New Person didn't have any lyrics or melodies? These two songs were unfinished, so either Kevin knew that he wanted these two songs on the album (and left out other completed songs) just based on the music alone, or what we already have on Currents is really everything he recorded for the album.
Yep. I went to college right out of high school for about a year. I wanted to go for music because I was a dumb idiot at 18-19 who played in local bands. I was so fucking stupid then. Good thing my lack of ambition won so I didn't waste even more time actually following through with that. Went back to school when I was 24 after I did some growing up and I'm about to graduate this spring with a bachelors in HRM. My last semester starts today.
Thank you. I can't wait until this game is announced so Spla2n, Spla2oon or any other variation of this god awful name dies.
Everyone was expecting all of the rumored games at launch. I never did. If you've ever taken a finance course in college, you would understand why.
Why? That's an awful name.
Hey have you played New Super Mario Bros? It's over 10 years old, but it's new. And old. Also new.
I agree with you that it's somewhere in between, however I think that applies to both Galaxy games, not just Galaxy 1. They both had branching paths within the linear worlds.
I also watched Jimmy Fallon last Friday.
That's reasonable. I would be crucified around here if I shared my least favorite Tame Impala song.
I...uh... Apocalypse Dreams. With that being said, I love all TI songs, and by no means dislike Apocalypse Dreams, but it is my least favorite.
I didn't really understand her rebuttal to that question. "I believe children of every age should be treated equally". Huh?
Hey...I liked Star Fox Zero. A lot.
I'm really worried too. Mainly about the right analog stick being directly below ABXY. I feel like it's either going to be uncomfortable to use the stick, or that the bottom of my thumb is going to move the stick when I'm pressing ABXY.
I have. Got it day one way back in 97. I think Zero is the best one in the series that I've played so far. I have yet to play Star Fox Assault.
The pick up note before the second chorus in Cause I'm a Man. Don't know why, but I absolutely love it.
They really can't pull the obstructionism card this time. They have complete control of the reigns.
You're not interpreting hard enough.
As a huge fan of the original trilogy, Returns and Tropical Freeze blow them out of the water. No contest. That's just my opinion though. I also thought Other M was a pretty good game though.
We all know they aren't. But the general public is more familiar with Tame Impala than they are with Pond. Pitchfork refers to them as an offshoot of Tame Impala for the clicks. You could also argue that it doesn't really hurt Pond either. Yeah it kind of diminishes their status as an independent band, but it also increases the likelihood that a casual Tame Impala fan discovers their music.
I seriously doubt there will be anything about Kevin on her new album. I know people are going to be taking anything remotely implicit to a relationship with a "DAE Kevin!?" approach anyway. I honestly don't get the obsession with their relationship. Some think that a number of tracks on Currents are about her. I say Eventually is probably the only one. I don't know, it's annoying. Anyway, I have high hopes for The Weather. I think it has the potential to be Pond's best album. Opening with the three songs that we've heard so far sets the bar pretty high for the rest of the album. 2017 is going to be a great year for music.
Are you just now realizing that Wilco is a liberal band? Jeff has always been pretty outspoken about his beliefs. Did Mermaid Avenue just go through one ear and out the other? Did you not know of their previous activism all through out their career? Did you not know about the progressive foundations and charities they've contributed to? Did you not know they opened for Barack Obama during the 08 campaign? Have you read any of their lyrics?
I hear Elephant all the time at hockey games.
He didn't say that.
Ya
I remember my first finance class.
[Another new one - This Old Dog](https://youtu.be/-fKLy0uKL3Y)
You're not wrong. My son is due to be born that day too. Kind of crazy because my daughter was born on the same day Currents was released.
Well that settles it. Anytime someone mentions the possibility of Lonerism 2 you can direct them to this interview. Ain't happening. I'm okay with that. Sometimes you don't know what you want until you have it. I'm excited for a new direction. Tame Impala isn't about quality psych rock, it's about quality music.
Delete this
I have a slightly on topic story I want to tell. One of my friends, a bigger guy and a guy who loves to smash a frozen pizza all to himself, was drunk at his friends house and decided to make a pizza when everyone was passed out. He didn't want to wake up anyone by preheating the oven and sounding the timer so he decided to thaw out the pizza while he watched a movie by putting the frozen pizza under his shirt. After about twenty minutes of watching Gone in 60 Seconds, he fell asleep. The next morning, he was the last to wake up and he didn't exactly ask the host if he could raid the fridge last night so he has a thawed out stolen pizza under his shirt that he has to somehow get back in the freezer undetected. The next ten minutes or so involved him hopping from seat to seat trying to get closer to the freezer so he could make a run for it and throw it in there. He was successful, but the pizza was deformed and gross.
...geez.
*Holds up spork* Wow so rAnD0m. XD XD. Love it! Can't wait for the rest of the Tame Impala/Minecraft parody series. You should do some Sonic the Hedgehog parodies too! XD XD.
Not surprised that you didn't pick up on the sarcasm. So you saw Tame Impala in 2010? Wow!! Go on...
Wow you sound woke af.
Would definitely take those HD DS Zelda games.
It could be simply because the game isn't for you. However, when Star Fox Zero released, most people didn't like it and some people ended up liking it a lot. I find that those who ended up liking the game a lot spent a lot more time with it. This will likely be true for ARMS. The game is way different from any fighter that we've played before and it will take some getting used to.
FFS
🎣
Wilco is by far my favorite band, but I'd be lying to myself if I didn't feel the same. However I am finding a new appreciation for Wilco The Album and Star Wars, two albums that I didn't like when they first came out, and I now find TWL to be boring which I loved when it came out. But as a whole, yeah I'm feeling bored. I think it's partly due to the fact that Suekirae, Star Wars and Schmilco all seem like they were cut from the same cloth. I think Star Wars and Schmilco should've also been a double album.
Nice
Love this album. A solid 7.5/10. Her second album is going to blow this one out of the water if the single that came out a couple months ago is any indication how the rest of the album will be.
^28 years old, probably.
I think so. There are some things that I wish were different, but the game is still one of my favorite games I've ever played.
Why? It only existed in name. It's not like there's spectacular gameplay footage or discussed concepts planned for the game and then it was cancelled.
&gt;FF7 had good story telling but wasn't much different than the previous 6 Sounds like you never played it at all.
What do like he be when?
You're in luck! It will be $59.99.
So this actually looks kind of good...
I knew he was a gay atheist Kenyan mueller.
Probably like any other racing game that allows for different degrees of acceleration without analog triggers. *press button...release, press button...release*
Started listening after Lonerism. Currents is the best album. You're wrong. Every track on Currents is 10/10 including Past Life. You cannot say the same for Lonerism or Innerspeaker. Suns Coming Up sucks and so does I Don't Really Mind.
I'm 29 and my favorite band is Wilco. You really pegged me there. Doesn't take a genius to know that the song is about that as it's pretty explicit in the lyrics. Doesn't automatically make it a good song either.
Huh? Karen doesn't seem old enough to be a [Gen Xer](https://blog.dol.gov/2016/11/03/spending-habits-by-generation).
Pro tip: jokes are funnier when there's a hint of truth to them.
Uhhh how does it "fuck up the stats"? C O R R E L A T I O N
Don't worry, I wasn't trying to help their joke be funny. I was doing the opposite.
If you don't think Democrats have the capacity to go against their party when a party leader is perceived as corrupt then I have two words for you: Bernie Bros.
[No.](https://www.google.com/amp/s/grahamkbrown.net/2016/11/14/did-the-bernie-bros-cost-clinton-the-election/amp/)
T H E R E I T I S
So woke.
You're not wrong. Except it isn't the Currents circle jerk that's irritating, it's the Lonerism circle jerk. And I do. I haven't listened to Tame Impala in probably 3-4 months or so.
So basically redo the entire game? I loved those controls. Took about five hours to master, but once you do you realize that it's the best part about the game.
Wtf
Probably the only reason I haven't seen them yet. I live pretty far away from major cities so I have to make quite the trip to see bands for the most part and TI doesn't really play for that long. Also wish they were all proficient enough to play one or two wild card songs a night.
Yeah that will give a similar effect.
Nice! Really excited to see the rest of the strategy guide. Can we expect a 2020 release date errno?
D A T C O R R E L A T I O N
Jeff's voice has improved in the last year or so. Right around 2010-2011 he seemed to develop this nasally quality to his voice, especially live. Now it seems like it has that nice raspy quality that he had around Mermaid Ave, ST and YHF once again.
Don't worry, the cap automatically comes back.
I love Tame Impala and I hate their fans. That is why I am here.
Fuck Trevor
Is there a fix for the wifi issue? I remember seeing quite a few posts about this when the Switch came out, but I don't recall a solution. I'm kind of worried because I disconnected from nearly every match in the Splatoon 2 Test Fire as well as the ARMS Test Punch. I figured it was just a stress test so I didn't think much of it. When I bought ARMS I started having the same problem. Nearly impossible to connect to a match, and if I do I punch through other players instead of doing damage. My internet isn't exactly the greatest but I can play Splatoon on Wii U upstairs and far away from the router with no issues. I'm worried that Splatoon 2 is going to be a waste of money if I disconnect from every match. Has anyone heard of a fix or have anymore info?
None of those concerns actually matter to his supporters. I'll make this easier for you: Does he still make liberals angry? - Yes *votes for Donald Trump*
Sky Blue Sky could've been left off in my opinion. It's hardly different from the album version. Via Chicago, IATBYH, Muzzle of Bees and In a Future Age are the highlights.
The album hasn't leaked though. How can you make a judgement off of hearing 30 second bits of each song?
No
Damn. Legitimately jealous that you get to experience them for the first time.
I have the opposite experience. I'm always able to join an online race in MK8D, but I'm lucky if I can get into a match in ARMS, and when I am my punches usually just pass through my opponent.
While usable =/= when in use For those who still seem to think that it is unclear whether the sword will continue to be unusable for ten minutes after it loses its energy.
&gt;Lactate 😐
This album seems to have more songs with women on lead vocals than past albums and I love it.
Hug of Thunder is definitely a SOTY contender for me too. The transition after "I followed him to stop a robbery" gives me chills every time.
What's the benefit to paying 30 dollars for the HORI licensed wired adapter versus a generic USB to Ethernet adapter?
Most alphas are insecure as fuck.
The beginning of the game is hard, but stick with it. You may have to grind for a little bit.
I never got around to listening to Arcade Fire until the Everything Now single and I loved it. Creature Comfort is also pretty amazing to me too. What would be the best album to start at for a guy who completely missed the boat for all these years?
MINDING MY OWN BUSINESS HAD TO SNAP A PIC
Not the same thing. This post actually gives some insight about what happened.
There's only one at the moment. Second one was supposed to come out in April and then it didn't. Kind of just delayed indefinitely now I suppose.
Zen Automaton for sure. Didn't really care for the song at first, but it really grew on me.
No
Can't wait for Mario 128 and Chrono Break!!
I love you too...
Powerful stuff.
Let's see you draw something, buddy.
I wonder if SS will follow the trend of WW and TP where the remaster comes out 10 years later. OoT and MM didn’t follow that pattern so hopefully it’s entirely coincidental.
You can turn that off though.
While that is true, there is also a large difference between driving a car and racing a car. I’m pretty decent at Mario Kart and I can’t really think of any instance where letting off the gas is needed.
Thanks for doing this! I want to say my favorite game in recent years has to be Xenoblade Chronicles. I still haven’t finished XC2 so that may change! My friends kept trying to get me to play XC for a couple of years and I always told them I’d get to it and never did. One friend even let me borrow it for half a year and it just sat on my shelf because I couldn’t bring myself to get wrapped up in a game that takes 80 hours to finish. I returned it to him and never played it. Then immediately after doing so I started to see more and more praise for this game online. I started kicking myself for not playing it when I had the chance and even contemplated spending 80 dollars at GameStop to try it. My friend who let me borrow it the first time was kind enough to let me give it a try again and I fell in love with it. I was so mad at myself for not listening the first time because it has become one of my favorites of all time.
No Whitney or Unknown Mortal Orchestra? Sam Evian?
I would say so. No official press statement but I follow UMO and Jake Portrait on instagram and they’ve both been posting recording videos for the past year. Looks like some of the album was recorded in South Korea and other parts of it was recorded in Mexico.
That map layout is awful. It’s so easy to camp at the enemy spawn to just pick them off as they respawn.
I don’t think you understand the question.
The thing that I don’t understand is if they are implying that there is a bias in the grand jury, and then the grand jury agrees to pursue indictments based off of shitty evidence because they are only making decisions that are already in line with their bias, wouldn’t that be good for the defense when it actually goes to trial?
DAE like breathing???
I think it’s a safe bet to cite Wikipedia only when the subject doesn’t involve a political angle.
That’s actually how you are supposed to use them. Use the right stick for macro adjustments and motion controls for micro adjustments. Same as BotW.
Cool. Please provide data to back up your claim.
This is why my Wii U is in storage and my Wii is the Netflix machine in my bedroom. Just because you can doesn’t mean it isn’t shitty.
The TV in our bedroom is only 720p and we only have the basic non HD Netflix package anyway so yeah. EDIT: and it’s not because I don’t like the interface, it’s because the gamepad has to be involved in order to select anything. Just one less thing we have to keep on top of the dresser.
*taf *ekil If you’re going to give not being funny a shot, you have to make sure your obnoxiousness is air tight.
Let’s fuckin chill
Order corn
r/tomorrow
Hey man. I have a five head. ☹️
[DAE millenials don’t work????](https://www.google.com/amp/www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/05/11/millennials-surpass-gen-xers-as-the-largest-generation-in-u-s-labor-force/%3famp=1)
Fuck ur daddy
10/10 Wood
I imagine “instant grat” means “instant gratification”. Probably one of the songs already released.
Hey that’s me doing that right now. Still waiting on the credits.
😲
Pretty sure that’s rule 1 for troubleshooting basic computer issues at my job too. “I’m not a computer person” No, you’re just not fucking reading what’s on your screen, lady.
I paid 50 for when TF came out, but Wii U games were normally 60.
Yeah same here. I’ve played through it at least once a year since 2014 so I know I would beat it fairly quickly. If it’s 20 bucks like it is now on the Wii U I might buy it.
It was 50
Remember you can level up by staying at an inn too! Assuming you have bonus exp.
My favorite Starfox game too (I’ve only played 64, 643D, the original, SF Command, and SF0). The problem with SF0 is I didn’t feel like I had mastered the controls until after I started going for medals. It probably took a good five hours of playing before it clicked for me, and then the game became a blast to play. In my opinion, the best part about SF0 isn’t the story, graphics, characters etc. The best part is getting really good at it.
Hold up princess, gotta get that turd first.
Speaking of notifications, I wish the game notified you when you have a friend that’s joining you in Turf War. It’s really annoying when I try to join my buddy and then he exits the lobby to buy gear or whatever as soon as the match is over. Then I have to text him and tell him I was trying to join him and then one of us has to play a round before the other can join up. Such a hassle.
Bad bot
Are you talking about the app? Yeah, it’s just Splatoon 2. I think they are speaking of online multiplayer in general though. So Mariokart 8, ARMS, Rocket League, FIFA, NBA 2k, Doom etc. would fall under that too.
Yeah but you can’t start playing with your friends on the same team until everyone hits B- right?
Haha why are you defending an arbitrary requirement? There isn’t a single good reason why playing with friends on the same team is locked behind progressing to a B- rank on your own. I’m not questioning how you do it or how subjectively easy it is to get to a B- rank, I’m questioning why you have to do it. Much like the map rotation sequence we have to sit through every time you turn on the game. Yes it’s not a huge deal to sit there and mash the A button for 30 seconds to start playing, but is there really a good reason why we have to?
Whoops! Dropped my monster condom that I use for my magnum dong.
Something tells me you really want to talk about something else.
Is it really farming if you can’t collect the same one twice?
I’m a year younger than Kevin and I’m really sad about this.
My most anticipated release this year. I thought a new album would be on the way shortly after First World Problem dropped, but that was almost two years ago.
If it does, I think it’ll be reworked or recorded again. I know Ruban has been recording in South Korea and Mexico this last year, so I’m wondering if his experiences there will mold the sound he’s going for with the new album. I love First World Problem, but if I had to choose between that song and a fresh song, I’m gonna go with something fresh. Do you know what’s going on with the lineup? Jake still seems to be apart of UMO since he traveled out to Mexico when Ruban was recording there, but the Instagram stories from his time in SK show someone completely new on the drums.
&gt;Stay in your lane baldy ☹️
Anymore info??
Please drop a single this week! This is my most anticipated album for the past two years.
I would argue that it’s easier to check the map in Splatoon 2. You’re still taking your eyes off the action to check the map in both games, but in 2 you just toggle the map on screen with a button press instead of looking down to the gamepad. Using cursor and gyro aiming on the map allows you to quickly select a player to jump to as well. Much faster than looking down and using the touch screen.
15 years? Fucking hell, hope you’re doing okay.
Damn did not expect this! Really curious to hear how the rest of the album sounds. Digging it so far.
Do not worry about playing the game the “correct” way. Once you get the paraglider you can do anything you want in any order you want.
Is it?
I’m with you on this one. I still like the idea of a huge world like BotW, but I prefer some sense of story progression. In ALttP you could pretty much go anywhere in the world and even do dungeons out of order, but there was still a sense of story progression. I wouldn’t mind a middle ground between the two.
Just listen to the album Yankee Hotel Foxtrot by Wilco. “You have to learn how to die if you want to be alive” “Last cigarettes, all you can get, turning your orbit around” “I’ve got reservations about so many things, but not about you” “I’m down on my hands and knees every time the doorbell rings” “If I could you know I would just hold your hand and you’d understand that I’m the man who loves you” “Every song is a comeback. Every moment is a little bit later” “His jaw’s been broken, his bandage is wrapped too tight. His fangs have been pulled and I really wanna see you tonight” “You were so right when you said I’ve been drinking. What was I thinking when we said goodnight?” “I’ve counted out days to see how far I’ve driven in the dark with echoes in my heart. Phone my family, tell them I’m lost on the sidewalk. And no it’s not okay” “Cheer up honey, I hope you can. There is something wrong with me” My favorite album of all time. I’ve lifted a lyric from nearly every song on the album so maybe there’s something there that you’d be into. Definitely one of the best albums from the last decade. Also the last album from a rock band that Pitchfork rated a perfect 10 and rated the third best album of the 00s by Rolling Stone. Not sure how old you are, but I can never tell how well known Wilco is with the younger generation.
I did not expect this to be this cool. That was awesome!
It’s not like I’ll ever be playing with three other friends, but it doesn’t seem like there has ever been a need for four people from the gameplay we’ve seen.
HAHAHAHAHA GET IT??? BECAUSE LIBS ARE SNOWFLAKES?? DAE!!??? HAHAHAHA
I mean, it’ll probably take 10 minutes at most anyway (assuming you have high speed Internet).
People read between the lines with everything. I’m sure some people are still waiting on additional MK8 DLC too.
Didn’t they break the 47% Romney tape?
Okay, if you insist. When has Mother Jones reported something that wasn’t correct? Remember, there is a difference between having a bias and reporting untruthful stories. Now back up your claim.
Pot Kettle Black Side With the Seeds Muzzle of Bees One of those three.
Salt your slope, bud.
Waiting Around For Grace O Dharma Holding Out For You Outside Is The Right Side Sitting Up On Our Crane Try those songs too.
Directly to you!
Kevin produced The Weather. It was mastered by Greg Calbi. Kevin also produced Man It Feels Like Space Again, Hobo Rocket and Beard, Wives and Denim. Kevin probably produced this new Pond record too as he also recorded it.
Actually we haven’t heard three of the songs yet. So far we’ve heard: Cross My Heart Breathe In, Breathe Out Desert Horse Shirim Unless you’re not counting the track that clocks in a little over a minute as one that’s significant. But you never know, Nangs and Disciples are pretty significant so it could be great.
&gt;I wish I could go back in time and listen to this album again for the first time. Me too. I remember it so fondly. After it leaked on that hot Sunday morning in July I immediately downloaded it and couldn’t wait to listen. I regretfully started listening on my laptop speakers because I just couldn’t wait another second to hear it and threw on The Moment since I had already heard Let It Happen and most of Nangs from the teaser video. There was so much hype surrounding the release and my first taste of the meat of the album did not disappoint. It usually takes me a few listens to appreciate any song, but I fell in love with this song on first listen. I even remember predicting that the chord progression would land on the D major during the “It’s getting closer” part before it happened, and it was so satisfying when it did. I listened to that album so many times that day. I spent the whole day outside, cutting the grass, washing the car, landscaping the yard with Currents on blast just soaking it all in. I preordered the special edition vinyl at my local record store that day with my very pregnant wife and picked it up a few weeks later after it released with my new baby girl.
*shoots self in the foot* “Cry pussies”
Splatoon is a very different game. Not saying that the Switch doesn’t have a weak WiFi signal, because it does, but when you’re playing Splatoon you’re not only seeing changes to player positions and their shot trajectories but also the constantly changing map from ink coverage. That’s why split screen online multiplayer will never happen with Splatoon. Fortnite also uses servers and Splatoon 2 is p2p.
MSRP has nothing to do with how much a game cost to make and has everything to do with market share and consumer demand/WTP. Big budget games like GTA and Uncharted do not cost only $60 on release because they are more expensive to create, they cost $60 because if they were more expensive they could risk losing sales due to WTP. Mario Tennis offers a unique gaming experience that is not going to be found elsewhere. Most importantly, besides the mechanics of the game, it features well known characters that are a valuable commodity. Sure you could probably find a wacky tennis game on steam that’s comparable, but more people will be inclined to pay premium for a game that features characters that they recognize, increasing the consumers WTP for the game. Nintendo can also get away with selling their games at a higher price for several reasons, including a unique market share compared to Sony and Microsoft. AAA games on Sony and Microsoft systems have to share the market with many more third party developers than Nintendo because they have more third party support. This is also why you might see a price drop for a AAA game like Assassins Creed well before a Nintendo game released on the same day. Ubisoft will want to drop the price so their product remains competitive with newer games coming out past its release, but Nintendo won’t because their games retain value relative to the newer games on their system as well as the games available on other consoles for different reasons.
Kevin’s contribution didn’t make the cut. He didn’t decide to not work with Kanye. Kanye decided to not use his beats.
So we’ve gone from: *The only logical explanation is that the messenger described the contents of the letter and he is simply relaying what he was told* to *He’s just not the best speaker* And I’m the one that’s jaded.
This game has a tendency to look awful when you take a picture of the TV with your phone. Look up an actual gameplay video - it looks nothing like this.
No it doesn’t. You’ve been using two analog sticks for years. Of course it’s going to take some getting used to. Playing without gyro controls seriously puts you at a disadvantage. Gyro controls are objectively better.
Listen to Disappointing Diamonds and get back to us. That song is a serious ear worm.
No problem! I really like FJM, but I also get where you’re coming from too. You really have to sit with his music for a bit to appreciate it. Some songs, such as Disappointing Diamonds and especially Real Love Baby, are immediately catchy, but most of it takes awhile to come around to in my opinion.
What would you really like to talk about?
People still think it’s autumn even after the official lyrics have been released, huh?
It’s because we didn’t have official lyrics until the collectors edition came out - the problem is the internet is still mostly flooded with what people thought the lyrics were. Even the HAIM cover that came out shortly after Currents is wrong and they sing “autumn” instead of morning. Thematically, autumn doesn’t even make sense. *Like* the brutal *morning sun*, it *dawns* on me. The line is a simile and a play on words. He is comparing two things here.
New or old version of Shirim?
Here is the [old version](https://youtu.be/d2hgdcbLgyY) of Shirim. Is it exactly the same or a newly recorded version?
Ahh gotcha. Well, it’ll be nice to have it on Spotify.
Good job dude!
Definitely isn’t the same. Really good game, for sure, but not the same. On a slightly related note, when I was playing Mario+Rabbids I kept thinking how the map between battles would be exactly how I would want a new Super Mario RPG to look.
In order to have a proper discussion about the pricing of ports you need to pose an argument with video games that have similar circumstances. Using Crash as your argument against the pricing of the port of DKTF is easy to pick apart. Crash is available on 4 different platforms, each with varying market shares. Crash is priced at $40 because the PC/PS4/XBONE markets are much larger. The MSRP was set at this price likely because they determined that the game would not be able to compete as well in all four of those different markets had it been set at $60. Now I know DKTF was initially $50 upon release and is now $20 as a select title, but there’s a reason why it wasn’t $60 in the first place. The game released in Q1 of 2014 after being delayed from Q4 of 2013. The game was delayed most likely due to financial reporting concerns. Q1 of 2014 was bleak as hell. DKTF was literally the only game in vast sea of nothing being offered from Nintendo at the time. They needed DKTF to be released in Q1 of 2014 (and not Q4 of 2013 which already had Super Mario 3D World and A Link Between Worlds propping it up) and they needed to have the game sell *in that quarter*. So the reason why it was likely $50 from the start is because they desperately needed to incentivize buyers into picking up the game sooner than later. So with that information in mind, to answer your question, they can sell DKTF at $60 now because they can. Bottom line. And it’s selling like crazy. It was the number one game in Japan in the month of May and it’s outselling the Wii U version - no contest. This is simple economics. The game is priced in accordance with the consumers willingness to pay, and apparently consumers are willing to pay. Price drop? Not happening. This game will probably be $60 for years to come. This game can not be found on PS4, XBONE or PC *and* it doesn’t have to share it’s market share with nearly as many third parties as Crash on 4 different markets. Disclaimer: I am in no way defending Nintendo. I am simply answering your question with the hard truth. For the record, I own DKTF on the Wii U. Bought it on release day in 2014. I also want to have it on my Switch, but not for $60.
Nintendo: here’s a four year old game on our brand new system that you can take anywhere you want to and play as a handheld - something you couldn’t do in the previous iteration. Consumer: hmmm... I don’t know. I heard this game is a port and it’s four years old. But I do like Donkey Kong and it seems like it had good reviews. How much does it cost? Nintendo: $60 Consumer: well, that does align with my [willingness to pay](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willingness_to_pay) Dorks: tHeY’rE eXpLoItiNg yOu Nintendo: uhh...we aren’t forcing anyone here. Dorks: but what about (insert a false equivalence of another game that’s been ported on a different platform) Nintendo: *reports substantial sales revenue on its four year old ported game relative to the games initial release* Consumer: I’m glad I finally get to try this game.
eVeRy QuAdRuPeDAl aNiMaL wItH ~~horns~~ aNtLeRs iS DAE TAME INPALA???
That song is about his current girlfriend, not Melody.
Port, if anything
I feel like there’s six main worlds. Haven’t played in awhile. Jungle island, windmill autumn shit, savanna, water shit, fruit snacks, and frozen Dk land.
Damn you’re covering the entire emo spectrum there.
The year of YOLO was it not?
Damn. And I voted for him in my first actual election that year.
I agree. Same with DKTF. Hypothetically, if that game was ported to XBONE, PS4, PC and Switch it would probably cost around $40 on each system.
Had to snap a pic
Close! I was actually 20 at the time. Can’t believe it’s been that long. Late teens/early twenties are definitely some good years.
No?
I think it’s brave in the sense that he’s going to have loads of people trying to figure out who he is and then proceed to make his life a living hell.
I think you’re trivializing it a bit. It’s clearly a heated topic with a significant message behind the action whether you’re for or against it. It isn’t just *anything*.
I use the iRig HD 2 with my iOS version of garageband and it works great (on iPhone 7). You may want to consider an interface that allows you to record using a microphone instead of DI for the acoustic guitar (unless it’s an electric acoustic *and* you don’t mind how an electric acoustic sounds). I’m not really sure what you mean as far as volume issues. The iRig HD 2 has a gain dial that lets you adjust the volume as you record. I can send you a sample of something I made using only iRig and Garageband if you want to hear its capabilities.
Do you ever wonder why he hasn’t yet? It’s been almost a year and a half.
When it was advantageous for him to be one as a Hollywood celebrity. The guy doesn’t have principles. He is an opportunists that utilizes principles to get what he wants. The truest thing that he’s ever said was “I don’t stand by anything.” He doesn’t give a fuck about abortion, pro-life, religion, free speech, the military, veterans, Republicans, Democrats, the 2nd amendment, gun control or whatever. He doesn’t care. He cares about himself, enriching himself, how others perceive him, maintaining power and feeding his ego. Anything else is simply a tool for him to use to achieve his own desires.
The fact that this logically makes sense to you is embarrassing.
iT’s A jOkE. Every time.
I was going to say this, but in reference to the live band. Would be cool to hear a few tracks or an EP with everyone contributing.
Oh Mr. Noooodle
Pretty sure it was invite only. If you signed up for Nintendo’s newsletter you had the chance to get a download code along with a few others for friends. That was a wild time. People were selling their access codes for quite a bit. EDIT: okay guys I get it, it was invite only *at first*.
I may have an odd outlook on KP and Tame Impala. I hopped on the bandwagon shortly after Lonerism came out, but prior to then I didn’t listen to any psych rock at all. What grabbed me wasn’t the genre, it was the impeccable song writing and production. So when Currents came along it didn’t really bother me that he was moving away from that kind of music because the outstanding songwriting and production were still present on the singles leading up to its release. I still think that Currents was the most hyped I’ve ever been for an album ever in my life, and it did not disappoint me. I remember feeling overwhelmed by the album when I first heard it because of how insanely good it was. (Incoming r/tameimpalacirclejerk comment, but it’s true) - sometimes I had to turn it off because it was too much. I think Currents is a decade defining album. Lonerism and Innerspeaker are top shelf too, but Currents is just unreal.
It could’ve also been ORAS, but it was definitely also Smash 3DS. I remember, because I don’t play Pokémon and I do play Smash.
I’m not arguing that it isn’t nor that it didn’t become available to the public after the initial invite only demo. I’m just saying that it was invite only when the demo was initially available.
Sounds like a mistake. /thread
When I first went to a Chik-fil-A down south I just thought southerners were really nice.
It’s crazy to think that Currents dropped the summer of your freshmen year and now you’re graduating. Kevin pls.
I’m not sure which reviews you saw but I thought it mostly got 8s and 9s. Anyway, I grew up with the DKC trilogy and I think DKTF is the best of the bunch. The bonus levels in the original trilogy were much better, but the actual levels in DKTF are incredible. This is a game you’ll want to play again and again.
For sure. I really miss the world map from DKC3 as well as the secret final bosses in those games. That’s one thing I wish the new games had done. I guess the temple levels are sort of the lost world in addition to world 7, but it’s just not quite the same.
Is it?
Wouldn’t it be Super Smash Bros. 6? Sakurai considers Smash for 3DS to be the 4th game in the series and Smash for Wii U to be the 5th game in the series.
At least the Zelda timeline has a sliver of merit to it with games like Skyward Sword and The Wind Waker. Even then, I feel like it’s still not intentionally connected, but just a fun reference to other games. Trying to make sense of the Mario timeline is on another level.
&gt;lofi drum kit &gt;papa bless Incoming Mac DeMarco covers u guys Jk. But maybe not.
Are fallacies taught in high school these days errno?
He was inside you the whole time
I really really doubt it. Smash 4 and 5 took awhile to make because they were two different games that shared the same roster. With Smash 6 coming out so soon after the release of 4 and 5 I think that’s a sign that they are only focusing on releasing it for the Switch. While Nintendo is still supporting the 3DS, it’s clear that their main focus is to sell Switch hardware at this point. Creating another 3DS Smash title alongside the Switch title would harm that. Not to mention they would have to create another gimped version of the game (no Ice Climbers/8 player Smash).
Is this LP4 Kevin?
Sakurai considers Smash for 3DS and Smash for Wii U the fourth and fifth games in the series respectively. They are two different games with the same roster. Different stages, different game modes etc. This is Smash 6.
So the creator of the game is wrong and a fan made wiki page is right. Got it. 👍
For sure. An equal amount of good and bad on both sides? No.
Oh didn’t you hear? The world respects us now more than ever before! Trump said so it must be true.
Yeah definitely. I wasn’t contesting your point, which is why I said “for sure.” I was adding an important detail because your reply was aimed toward negating the fact that one side isn’t *mostly* shit when it is.
I don’t disagree with you, but we’re talking about Trump supporters, not Trump.
Wow I have no idea why it didn’t click with me until now that F-Zero is derived from F1. I’m dumb.
Yeah it came out a few years ago on the Wii U.
Every Smash has had returning characters. Every Smash has had returning levels. This game has every character from a previous game, new levels, updated graphics, updated move sets, brand new fighting techniques, new characters etc. But now this one is bAsIcAlLy A pOrT? *HOW?*
I seriously thought it would be today for about 3 seconds. That would’ve been insane.
I highly doubt it. Unless they have a mode that significantly shortens the game or they stick to a mini game gauntlet competition. I mean, imagine playing a game of Mario Party online for an hour, you start taking a seriously lead in the last couple turns and then everyone decides to disconnect. Doesn’t sound very fun.
If they allowed you to play with those on your friend list, then that would be awesome for sure. Way less likely to have someone dip out because they’re being a sore loser (well maybe).
Preorder cancelled
Some people are honestly just really stupid. I don’t know what it would take for port crowd to feel like it’s a new game. It has new graphics, new levels, new final smashes, new characters, new move sets, *new fighting techniques* (this should be the big one because it seems like most people think the feel of the game and how it plays to be the factor that differentiates the games, but here we are). So from what I’ve gathered from these replies, it *must* be on a new engine to not be considered a port.
Agreed. Can you imagine spending 30 minutes to an hour in a game and everyone disconnects on the last turn because you’re so far ahead? So fun. Now if they allowed you to go play with people on your friend list, that might work. Or if they had an online mini game gauntlet mode that’d be cool too.
&gt;This new era Nintendo where they’re actually making game the fans want Nintendo: 😎 &gt;Bring on old school paper Mario! Nintendo: 😴
JFC r/tameimpalacirclejerk Eventually and *maybe* ‘Cause I’m a Man are the only songs on Currents that are about Melody. It’s not this big Melody break up record that a lot of people seem to think.
I am blind, so your description of the picture has been helpful. Why post it? oH wOw A trAnSpArEnT rEcOrD oVeR a sLiPmAt You posted this specifically because it’s Currents, the record that many people stupidly believe to be all about Melody, and Bon Voyage, a record that many people stupidly believe is all about Kevin. oH wOw ToGeThEr aGaIn dErp.
Or maybe you can let us decide what is subjectively convenient, Reggie.
Ah yes, Darth R.O.B.
Damn. Everything about this looks awful, especially that logo.
What would make this game feel like a sequel to you? I’m certain there will be more characters to come between now and release day and maybe there will even be some secret characters that will remain secret until the game launches. You have to also remember that the reason why the jump from Brawl to Wii U Smash seemed so significant graphically is because it was the first HD Smash game while Brawl was 480p.
Imagine an online multiplayer heist game where you take control of Waluigi and Wario where you infiltrate a compound and must simultaneously work together to progress further by finding clues, setting traps, using gadgets etc. You can split up and communicate via voice chat with another player to flank guard koopas and coordinate puzzles on opposite ends of the compound. I’d buy the fuck out of that.
Aonuma’s first Zelda game was Ocarina of Time which was considered by many the greatest video game of all time for quite awhile (and many still believe it is). Aonuma has been well respected for a long time.
Awesome recommendations. I always chuckle to myself when I see threads like this where the OP will say “I really like Hunnybee or Can’t Keep Checking My Phone” and there’s usually always that reply that’s like “you really need to check out Nerve Damage! or Bicycle”
Spoken word part is her friend Nick Allbrook, the main singer/guitar player in Pond as well as the old live bassist for Tame Impala during the Innerspeaker and Lonerism days.
This is great and honestly what I expected out of an online Mario Party mode. I think the option to play a board game with friends should be considered too, but there’s no way I can see Nintendo implementing matchmaking with the full board experience. It’s uncommon to play a five minute game of Rocket League without someone rage quitting or disconnecting so I highly doubt a standard hour long Mario Party session would be practical at all. It’s pretty clear that Nintendo likes online experiences to be relatively short with minimal risk to the player.
I love Shirim. I kind of wish the entire album was full of groovy jams just like it. I dig her psych rock material but Shirim is straight fire and I’d love to hear more like it from her.
Eh, I wouldn’t say that it’s all thanks to Kevin. I agree that he played a role in contributing to their exposure by association/his producing contributions, but each of these artists are incredibly talented regardless. Maybe they wouldn’t have been as popular without him (who knows), but they definitely would’ve existed and made some great music.
Read the username.
Read the username, folks.
That might be part of the role play.
Many of their decisions they make coincide with financial reporting. Nintendo is a publicly traded company with shareholders and they have to keep a steady flow of revenue coming in through out the year. The reason why they won’t just dump the entire back catalog isn’t because they can’t, it’s because they don’t want to. They want to continuously incentivize consumers into subscribing and keeping their subscription through out the year as well as lure those who haven’t subbed into buying in when they can create some buzz about N64 games or GameCube games down the line. If they dumped it all at once they wouldn’t have the ability to hold the carrot in front of the consumer for years to come when they’ve had their fill and become disinterested after a year and a half or however long. The same can be said for some game delays. It isn’t always because the game needs to be polished. Sometimes it’s a last minute decision to bump the release into the next quarter to help fill out sales revenue where it’s needed.
Do we really need MEC *interviews* posted to this sub? I know it’s been slow here, but a line has to be drawn.
Not a fan.
mAjOr gLiTcH
How can you possibly think that Boy Witch is a good recommendation after they just said “I really like Hunnybee and Multi-love?”
I’m sorry but all of these people here are suggesting the worst songs possible based off of what you initially heard. I’m not saying Puzzles or Boy Witch are bad songs, I love them, but you came in here saying you like “Hunnybee” and “Multi-love” and the songs people are suggesting are literally the last thing I would recommend listening to as a new fan. You’ll grow to like them eventually if you dig the rest of their stuff, but if you want a natural progression to the more difficult UMO stuff based off of your starting point, then you should listen to these tracks first: From the album Sex and Food: 1. Hunnybee 2. Everyone Acts Crazy Nowadays 3. How Many Zeros 4. Not In Love We’re Just High 2016 Single: 1. First World Problem From the album Multi-love: 1. Multi-love 2. Like Acid Rain 3. Can’t Keep Checking My Phone 4. The World is Crowded From the album II: 1. So Good at Being In Trouble 2. One At A Time 3. Secret Xtians From the album UMO: 1. Ffunny Ffriends 2. How Can U Luv Me 3. Little Blu House I’m not saying that their suggestions are bad songs, I love them, but they are bad recommendations. They’re suggesting that you dive right into the deep end of UMO’s catalog with their most difficult music to get acquainted with after you made a thread saying how much you enjoyed the catchiest songs they put out.
Right! I remember when I first got into UMO with the song “The World Is Crowded” and then I decided to check out the first album and go from there. I almost thought the song was an outlier after hearing Bicycle and Nerve Damage! and almost never checked out the rest of their stuff. I’ve grown to love it all, but if someone suggested to me that I should hear Nerve Damage! after The World is Crowded, I’d almost assume that to be the case and never explore the rest of their discography. This happens all the time on the Tame Impala sub too. Someone will say “I just heard The Less I Know The Better and I loved it” and there will be a guaranteed “yOu sHoUld LiStEn To rUnWaY hOuSeS cItY cLoUdS”
Currents definitely isn’t a break up album. If anything, it’s an album about embracing the changes in oneself. If I were to bet I would say there’s literally two songs on the album about Melody.
Or when it’s an item that has brand specific technical jargon that doesn’t really mean anything and it’s also used in the 5 star review.
You do? Because I have a Wii U and I’d love to play Mario Sunshine on it. How?
As a guy that also owns a Switch, I really appreciate how Nintendo generally sticks to showcasing games that are coming out within the year. Not always, but most of the time.
I give this explanation a lot and it’s usually pretty long so I’m just going to give you the TL;DR version. Basically the context is important. DKTF is exclusive to Nintendo and Nintendo has a very minimal amount of *comparable* third party support. The PC market share is absolutely massive in comparison. Sega isn’t putting out Yakuza 0 on PC for $20 as a favor, they are pricing it at $20 because it won’t sell at a higher price point with the amount of variety that PC gamers have to choose from. Nintendo is selling DKTF at $60 because people will buy it at $60 dollars, which they have been. It’s already outsold the Wii U version. Simple as that.
Ahh for sure. I glossed over the context of your post which I definitely agree with.
I can see it happening. He’s only talking about everything up until the chorus which kind of repeats with some variation. Figuring out the right chords to go along with the bass line was probably all there was to it because the picking guitar part probably came to him within a few seconds.
The difference with the past administration and this one is that the Obama administration actually reunited families after the parents were tried and then deported them. This administration doesn’t have any plans for reuniting families *unless they can get that border wall* because they want to use this practice as a deterrent. Details suck, huh?
Do you even character development?
And a tail.
I really don’t understand why dissenters are questioned on their values after their own personal line has been drawn. I’m a democrat, but I still have republican friends and family. Conservatives have values that will remain unchanged even when they feel like their party has betrayed them. I know I would feel the same way if I felt that the core values of America are no longer coinciding with the party platform. I appreciate your position and don’t expect you to change your values just because the party is out of control. I look forward to the day when sanity is restored and we can begin compromising with the opposing party again.
&gt;I’m a big boy
Nice collection, but misleading title. Edit: Why the downvotes? Live Versions isn’t a studio release.
&gt;If it wasn’t for Nintendo’s market share, this game would be $20 new. FTFY
At least Trent Reznor didn’t inherit or exaggerate his qualifications.
Mega Man 7?
I’m speaking of the inclusion of Live Versions in the picture.
Wasn’t there a lot of unnecessary swearing and guns in Shadow? Seems like it’d be at least T.
You can almost smell the tendies from here.
This *has* to be a placeholder price or something. There’s just no way.
Same here. Beating the trials on normal was enough of a challenge for me.
mInDiNg mY oWn BuSiNeSs 📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸 📸hAd 2 sNaP a PiC📸 📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸📸
Yoshi committed tax fraud.
This slightly off topic, but this question sparked my thought. One factor I think everyone is forgetting about regarding the online subscription is that it’s also going to deter those who have less than ideal internet connections from playing online. I recently moved to an area that had much better internet and I can now play online without any problems, but I had satellite internet at my old house and it was always a problem when playing online. I would disconnect from Splatoon 2 probably every 5 games or so (sorry everyone, I really wanted to play), and couldn’t play ARMS online at all. If I still lived there now I doubt I’d sign up for the paid online subscription. So while Nintendo might be working toward a better online infrastructure, there’s also the additional factor there that a lot of people might not buy the subscription because of their poor internet connection and impact the online experience for everyone else who has a decent connection. In an ideal world, everyone would have access to decent high speed internet (hopefully someday) and I’m not saying these people don’t deserve to play because I’ve been there too, but just making an observation.
That’s not funny though.
I’m wondering if Angel Island is going to be apart of the DLC. They definitely seem to be hinting at it. Edit: Never mind my comment, I just looked it up and it is going to be included.
Uh...do you think exposing children to porn is funny?
I think the general belief is that he’d lie under oath about matters pertaining to the investigation into Russian meddling in the election or about obstructing justice, not about some meaningless shit.
Do you know random sampling works?
Yeah, and they also fired Donna Brazile too after the network learned that this happened. Also, for some clarity as I know it’s advantageous to be as vague as possible when it comes to Trump supporters because they are too stupid to research anything, Donna Brazile provided a question to Clinton for a debate between Sanders and Clinton, not Trump and Clinton. If anything, that helped Trump because if Bernie had won the primary he would’ve dominated Trump in a debate.
r/tameimpalacirclejerk
She sent possible interview questions as a member of the DNC who also happened to be employed by CNN. Do you seriously think she forwards all of the emails that she sends as a DNC member to all of her other employers for review?
And? What point are you trying to prove here? She left CNN three days after the email showing that she leaked questions to Clinton was released to the public. If you’re trying to prove that CNN knew that she was doing this before it was uncovered then this article didn’t help you make that point.
Nice. I knew you were too stupid to contest the point. If you ever wonder why it always feels like liberals are condescending and make you feel inept it’s because you are.
Fun fact: the lead singer of this band was the lead singer of the pop punk band [The Starting Line](https://youtu.be/zGG0QYjdgJQ). So he’s probably not here. But maybe.
Why?
Uh what? I’m not sure you’re understanding what I’m saying. Most of Nintendo’s online games are p2p, so if one person has a slow internet connection, it’s going to impact everyone. By having a paid online service it’s going to deter those who have a crappy internet connection from actually spending money on having a shitty online multiplayer experience (effecting everyone they play with too). As a result, after Nintendo launches the paid online service, the chances of encountering lag from players with crappy internet should significantly decrease now that the service is no longer free.
Select the song in Garageband, tap the “send to/open with” button in the lower left hand corner, tap on “project”, then “add people”, then select how you want to invite your collaborators. I usually just copy the link and send. Make sure everyone is up to date on GB version and has the same sound packs downloaded from the sound library. Super easy.
Hmm. What kind of internet do you have? Run a speed test to see what your upload speed is. I have DSL with a measly 1mbs upload speed and it usually takes about 30 seconds to a minute.
He said he quit because they made him pee sitting down and forbade him from using a urinal. Obviously a civil rights violation if it were true, but it isn’t because I’m positive the intention of the post was to throw red meat to other red pills that are dumb enough to realize that it’s against the law and didn’t happen.
I think “trannies” is the word you’re getting down voted for, not “bleeping”, and you know it.
I wouldn’t put it past a person who comments “bleepin trannies” and then becomes defensive after being down voted.
I need to watch this one again.
We all know Link cross dresses in the game. But what does this have to do with being transgender? And what is “*bleepin* trannies” supposed to mean, if not meant to be derogatory? Trannies in itself is a derogatory word. Adding “bleepin” to it doesn’t really help your case for obvious sarcasm.
As a guy with a receding hairline, letting go is tough.
For sure, I agree. I still have about 75% of my hair on top of my head so I’m not as bad as him, but I know how hard it can be to constantly say “today’s the day, I’m gonna do it” and then I don’t.
“My parents hit me and I turned out okay” is a good one if you also want to look as dumb as possible.
I doubt that will ever happen. Splatoon is very different from most shooters. Not only are you sending and receiving shot trajectory data, but also sending and receiving the constantly changing ink coverage on the map. Having a second player with you is going to increase the minimum requirements to play online and would greatly increase the frequency of disconnects. Nintendo wants the game to be bought and played by as many people as possible, so alienating those that have subpar internet connections is something that they probably don’t want to do.
How exactly does this contest my point?
There is a pretty big difference between then and now though. Back then he was running on his merits as a businessman, and in two years he will be running on his merits as president. A lot of pundits underestimated him (or probably more accurately, the voters), I’ll give you that. But it’s going to be a different story when he has to defend his actions as a president. For a guy that has experienced record low approval ratings in his first year even while having a booming economy, it’s probably not going to be as easy as his first time around. He’s also going to have to defend the Russian investigation, healthcare reform, the tax cuts, the child detention centers, the travel ban etc. His opponent is going to be a key factor too. Remember that a lot of people voted for him because he wasn’t Hillary Clinton. Without knowing who is main opponent is going to be, it’s going to be hard to speculate how easy it is going to be for him to win. Not to mention, he also barely won in the first place too with about 80k votes (a small city) making up the difference.
Delete this
I love guitars! Have you heard of the Fender Stratocaster? (Disclaimer: Strats are fucking awesome, but still).
For sure. Maybe 15-20 years ago it would’ve been “I love guitars! Have you heard of the Gibson Les Paul?”
Bless my mind I miss being told how to live. What I learned without knowing; how much more I owe than I can give.
I’m really late to the party, but I just figured out the problem myself and wanted to share. Do not tighten the coil. Loosen it up a bit. This instantly solved my problem with the constant dry hits even after priming the coil and letting it sit.
r/niceguys
Rocket League, but I’ve been playing Fortnite every once in awhile too.
Something something Ebola something funk you up
WD-40, my dude EDIT: okay I’m dumb and I guess WD-40 is not what you want to use.
Assess me daddy
Live Versions is only good because of the long jams in the songs and they don’t do that too much anymore. Maybe when that starts happening again first.
What would you like to talk about?
Thanks to our Google Home, my son’s first word besides mama or dada was actually Google. We had initially thought that it was some variation of baby talk at first, but it became clear that we were wrong when he would say Google as he reached for it on our desk.
Fuck this scumbag.
[You should definitely know.](https://www.spin.com/featured/matt-mondanile-ducktails-real-estate-sexual-misconduct-allegations-detailed/) This guy sucks. I was a huge fan of Real Estate and Ducktails (still love Real Estate, thankfully they kicked him out) and I probably would’ve never discovered Tame Impala if it hadn’t been for them. But this guys abuse toward women killed it for me. I can’t even listen to Ducktails anymore and The Flower Lane was one of my favorite albums this decade. I’m surprised you don’t know about this. It was a huge story in the indie world last fall. If you Google his name, these stories are the first things that will pop up. His band kicked him out and his label dropped him because of this.
My wife dropped off on the first episode of season 2 which was a huge bummer. She’s an adoption supervisor though so a lot of this imagery gets to her. I still fill her in each week about what’s going on, but she just can’t watch it herself.
Live Versions is pretty damn awesome. I see you also have my favorite record of all time hanging out in back.
Lonerism is in my top 3 too. What’s your favorite?
You have good taste, my dude. I love OK Computer but I think I’m a fan of In Rainbows a bit more. My other favorite besides Yankee Hotel Foxtrot and Lonerism is Broken Social Scene’s You Forgot It In People. If you haven’t heard this masterpiece do yourself a favor and check it out as soon as you can. Incredible album.
Of course! Let me know what you think of it if you get a chance.
Have you played the original Toejam and Earl on the Sega Genesis? I think this game is going to be more in line with that one than the game that was on Xbox.
That’s weird! Must be specific to your country. Haha I don’t think you’ll regret it. If you’re a fan of Wilco, Radiohead, Tame Impala and Animal Collective there is going to be something here for you. It’s a pretty huge band (27 members in all last I checked) made up of members from a bunch of different Canadian bands and artists including Metric, Stars, Feist, Do Make Say Think among others so there’s a lot of different sounds coming from them. EDIT: listen in headphones or play it loud for your first time!
Lol are you implying that Reggie has a history of being untruthful?
I’m pretty sure fair and balanced was meant to be referencing the inclusion of conspiracy theories, not left leaning reporting.
Trump already beat Obama’s record for killing civilians within 7 months of his presidency so maybe he does deserve that peace prize. EDIT: [Source](https://www.google.com/amp/www.newsweek.com/trump-has-already-killed-more-civilians-obama-us-fight-against-isis-653564%3famp=1)
Lol. Do you honestly not know how public relations works? He is never going to say what Nintendo can’t do or won’t do, and is always going to say what they can and will do *when they are ready for that to be revealed.* Do you honestly think he is not going to portray the company’s business practices confidently? He’s not getting paid to say “yeah we fucked up on voice chat or cloud saves or Mother 3”. *Ever*. That is the kind of thing that would get him fired. Not answering a question isn’t the same thing as being untruthful.
Sounds like Michigan. I don’t get it either.
Dude his band kicked him out a year before this story broke and when the story broke they confirmed that it was because of how he treated women. You’d think they would know, right? Not only that, he responded to the allegations saying that he’s made some mistakes in the past but people should still support him as a musician. He said that. He’s a fucking douche. Then when he finally spoke out months after the story broke, he said that he was seeking help and that he donated $200 to a charity that focuses on the welfare of abused women to demonstrate that “he’s sorry”, and then when Pitchfork reported on him speaking out and not about his donation he flipped the fuck out. A meaningless gesture. He’s a self serving fuck even in his apology. Also, what the heck does this have to do with Flint? Yeah, it’s tragic. I live 30 minutes away from Flint so I’ve seen firsthand how awful the situation is. You know, you can be outraged about more than one thing right? [Read this so you don’t seem so silly the next time you try to contest a point.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism)
Screaming/yelling/spanking My daughter is 3.5 years and my son is 1.5 years. Haven’t raised my voice (unless it involved a safety concern) or laid a finger on them once. My daughter is respectful, behaves in public and is kind to others. Yes she has her moments. She’s thrown a tantrum in the grocery store a couple of times when she was younger, but the positive behavior far outweighs the few instances where she has lost her cool. Children throwing tantrums have nothing to do with a lack of respect. They don’t know how to properly convey their emotions and frustrations at such a young age. It takes a lot of work to redirect without resorting to yelling or threatening. Yelling is easy and spanking doesn’t do a god damn thing except make a bad situation worse. I don’t want my children to ever feel scared of me. I know that a lot of people think that refraining from spanking or yelling is pretentious and I really don’t give a fuck. I’m proud of myself for actually putting in the work and taking the time to level with my kids. Spanking and yelling are for parents that are too stupid to talk to their children or too lazy to care. My mom and dad beat me, slammed me up against the wall and screamed in my face when I misbehaved as a child. I love my mom and dad, but I don’t want my kids to feel reluctant about being open with me when they’re adults because of the way I treated them as children.
Different circumstance, but I did this before too. I don’t usually shop there so I didn’t realize they opened their new games and kept the game in a drawer outside of the box. I asked the employee why this is still full price if it’s opened, and he replied that it’s just policy. I asked him if he’d sell it at the used price (how am I supposed to know it wasn’t) and he said no. So I said okay I’m just going to walk 20 steps over to Target and buy a sealed copy. He said okay and so I did. Edit: I don’t know why you guys are getting the impression that I was trying to stick it to the employee. I didn’t argue the policy or believe that he could do anything about it. When I told him how easily I could just walk over and grab a sealed copy at Target, it wasn’t being directed to him but their policy. He was just as deflated about it as I was.
No. But the ones that the employees take home need to be sold at a used price. I mean, okay you’re probably right and know that consumers don’t take this into consideration when shopping there. Business is doing good. Wait what was this article about?
&gt;They limit physical supply. No they don’t. How does limiting physical supply benefit Nintendo? If they were limiting physical supply, which they aren’t, but if they were, it would only benefit someone selling the game second hand. [This is the real reason why Nintendo games don’t drop in price.](https://youtu.be/Emi74MDRMV8)
Nah. There’s just one bar of 2/4 right before the beginning of the verses.
Grew up in semi religious home. We didn’t go to church every Sunday, but we prayed before every meal unless we were at a restaurant. We had some Christian trinkets around the house and we read a few Bible storybooks as children. My grandparents were way more religious and they were really nasty to my brother and I. We never really liked being around them. I think around sixth grade I met a new friend who told me that he didn’t believe in god. My first thought was “wait, that’s an option? ...yeah I don’t think I do either”. My parents have since become very religious. My dad is a pastor and my mom is a Sunday school teacher. My wife and I don’t really talk about our beliefs with them but I think they know. We have two young kids that have not been baptized and we don’t pray before we eat even when we have them over for dinner.
Let It Happen would be a good one.
Inflation though. $15 then is the equivalent to $36 today. $36 dollars for a wired controller without vibration or motion tech seems about right.
What’s your point?
I personally think that Schmilco is their worst album. I didn’t think Wilco (The Album) was that great when it came out, but it has really grown on me (except Wilco the Song).
Don’t downvote opinions. That’s dumb. Have you heard the Summerteeth demos? They are far more stripped down versions of the songs on the album.
I should have specified. I was telling others to not downvote you because you don’t like Summerteeth.
Looks like the story is pretty different. I think what you meant to say is that they stole themes.
Cool song. I’m getting more adult contemporary vibes than indie rock though.
I can’t say for sure what the problem is, but I’ve also had some issues with pitch bending not playing back correctly when exporting a track (not bouncing to iPad, just exporting). One thing to add that might be the root of the problem, some of the apps (and I assume plugins - I don’t actually know) that are compatible on the iPad version of GB iOS are not compatible with iPhone GB iOS. If you are using an app that is compatible with iPad iOS GB and bouncing to your iPhone, even if the track is already laid down, I suspect you might encounter some problems. Just a thought. Also, your art work is the same building that’s on the cover of Unknown Mortal Orchestra’s first album!
Grohl didn’t fire him. He decided to leave the band after Grohl redid his drum tracks. Grohl still wanted him in the band.
You should check out Hunnybee off their most recent album Sex &amp; Food. Such a good tune.
I’m guessing r/IAmA
I wish there was a way to watch disc 2 online as well. I have the DVD but my copy only has disc 1. I saw disc 2 only once as my friend had the original release and it had some great extras including a great live version of Pot Kettle Black.
Definitely agree. I remember thinking as a child that I was pretty good at video games because I could beat a few of them. I expect to beat every game I play now unless it’s incredibly boring and I just can’t bring myself to do it.
I think the key takeaway is not that it’s a repeat, it’s that it doesn’t mean anything. The Swedish website posting is based off of speculating about a rumor. They don’t know something that we don’t.
What’s your take?
Checking to make sure I wasn’t the only one.
🙄
No Michigan dates. F.
I know. I wish I could truthfully answer with a more interesting song that wasn’t a single, but it’s really good.
I’m here for the daily circle jerk. Mario Kart bad.
Holy fuck.
I...need a break from this sub.
No u
I can’t say for sure in Europe but it’s $59.99 whether I buy physical or digital in the US.
I’m guessing you meant tempo changes. You can’t if you’re on iOS. You could do a few things though - record what you need to at tempo A, copy your song, open the copy and change the tempo (so all of your track settings are the same), change the tempo and record what you need to at tempo B. Once you’re done you could export the tracks and stitch them together using something like Audacity. Or Record the entire song at the same tempo, cut your waves where the tempo change is, change the tempo, merge and mix down the sections at a different tempo and then change the tempo back to the original tempo.
Oh I meant Pinegrove. Haha
They were my number 2 this year!
“Well here it is... you can read, I hope”
Also, Joe has one :)
Pretty sad that a bomb threat at a news networks office is considered politics now.
Removed in 3...2...1...
If you have decent internet and your match is lagging, it’s probably not your fault and more likely that one of your opponents has shitty internet. One person can fuck it up for everyone in the match.
The thing is, the adapter won’t even fix it. It will decrease the likelihood of lag, but if any one of your opponents have shitty internet it’s going to lag for everyone in the match.
Something to pad your resume with.
&gt;quietly They literally announced it. “Quietly” would be putting it out there without saying anything.
Same here. I’m going to wait for a price drop on 12 though. I like the game, but I paid 60 dollars for it in 2006 and I’m not going to pay 50 for it again in 2019.
Tremors in my ass
Great post. It really sucks that one person in the room can bring the game to grinding halt in SSBU. It’s much harder to notice the one or two people with crappy internet when you’re playing MK8D or Splatoon 2 because of the nature of those games. I think one way Nintendo could alleviate the issue is to incorporate a For Glory mode in Smash. When the stakes are higher to participate (ranking) I think it would make people with subpar internet think twice about joining a For Glory match that could impact their ranking and the people that prefer a more serious challenge aren’t going to be bothered so much by others with subpar internet. It sucks that some people have bad internet, but I don’t blame them for wanting to try for a few decent matches. Our internet infrastructure needs some serious improvement. It also wouldn’t hurt if the Switch had a better WiFi card.
I don’t, I’m just assuming. I remember people purposefully lagging out of ARMS right when they were about to lose a match so they don’t lose rank. I didn’t think that’d be the case with Smash since it’s not as apparent when you’re about to lose as one hit or smash could turn the game around.
Odd decision to post a recording of you fumbling for the melody with the on screen keyboard.
I guess the private affairs of a president or presidential candidate became important when republicans set that precedent in the 90s.
Suddenly I’m okay with not having a headphone port in my iPhone 8. I’m pretty sure I’ve used headphones while charging when I had an iPhone 6 and older a number of times.
Right, except some people are stupid.
Sorry Portal. It’s not you, it’s me.
I just spammed DK’s down special. Has generally worked for most fights with a number of fighters that don’t use many projectiles.
I nominate you as the leader of the committee to investigate this blatant election fraud.
Why would they? People are buying them up whether or not it’s bundled/discounted.
I’ve felt serious regret all day.
Paladins is not a fighting game.
Splatoon 2 is not a fighting game. The lag is going to be *far* less noticeable.
They are. They don’t care what he says as long as it sounds good, sounds tough, and feeds into their bias.
If you’re not willing to accept that the reason is in fact because it’s a fighting game featuring four people with four differing internet connections with four different inputs all requiring precise pixel perfect actions then explaining it is pointless. Seems like you would rather be outraged than understand why it might be different.
I only know of maybe four of these bands. Am I so out of touch? No, it’s the children who are wrong.
There’s only like 3 other stories right now. Hang out.
I thought you were joking but your post history suggests otherwise. Yikes.
Even faster: change the language, enter Adventure mode until the map loads and then back out to the main menu. Rinse and repeat. But yeah, your method is much more fun and not a grind. I started unlocking by using the language change method but it was so boring.
They said Jessica had information on the Clinton Foundation. Regular at t_d and conspiracy.
Okay, no. This is bullshit propaganda that is being peddled by the right. This is not “essentially what Cohen is being charged of.” Cohen is being charged because he created a shell company at the direction of the president to distribute the hush money, bypassing campaign finance reporting. Yes, this fund available to congressmen for settlements is bullshit, but it’s not essentially the same thing that is happening with Cohen and Trump.
No you didn’t.
They’re full of shit?
*using a shell company that was specifically created for the purpose of making the payments. We also don’t know what the settlement fund was specifically used for and who used it. It was also reported that it was used for discrimination cases and other cases too, not specifically sexual harassment matters. I want to preemptively reiterate that I’m not defending the fund, I’m defending the details because you and others are trying to paint this as the same thing that Trump is in hot water for and it’s definitely not the same.
