There are a lot of games that are biased af towards certain architectures.
he should have his own web mini-series.
In what way would it be more chaotic?
Also if its a company employee who's calling with the problem, they'll treat the downtime that the issue causes as a coffee break, and since its *your* job to fix it, they feel no responsibility to cut their break short by clicking that little update button.
Well no shit. But the OP was saying to praise **PC** games that work well regardless of GPU brand, instead of fucking over either 70% or 30% of users for picking "the wrong card"
Fix yo flair. It still says titan x
Considering the cooler is just the same reference theyve been using for the high end cards for a while now, I'm gonna call BS on that.
Nvidia never started off PhysX, they incorporated it into GeForce after buying Ageia in 2008, who made dedicated cards for it after they bought the software from Novodex in 2004.
the game is literally called SUPERHOT
Should use sharex for screenshots, it uploads to imgur.
Less underrated more "under-realised". It looked to be pretty damn perfect, then it seems at the last minute they undid stuff. You had really nice maps, balanced well, but then suddenly a bottleneck where every player has to pass the same corridor/room. Also everyone had too much HP.
It's fallout. I'd be about halfway done with character creation.
Just because you've had no issues doesn't mean that no one has issues. I've had a GTX 460, and a 970. Both times I had to reinstall drivers once or twice a month because something broke them. Especially driver updates, they always crashed and broke. The r9 270 I moved to after the 460 barely had any issues, and the drivers were WAY more stable. After I sold my 970(vram lies and coil while like hell itself) I got the 290 I have now. Overclocked, still more stable than the Nvidia cards I had.
It is possible in dx12, but the guy your replying to is taking about stacked memory modules (hbm)
It will be possible in DX12 to combine crossfire ram, however.
Paid mods.
If you're on about AMD CPUs, the TJ MAX (The thermal cut off point) for the FX processors is at 80c. Meanwhile Intels is at 105c, IIRC.
If he complains again, just say "sod it" and force CPU and GPU fans to 90% all the time.
[Checked it on my 8320 right now.](http://i.imgur.com/MK0fhtI.png)
The current X86-64 framework is all based on AMD64. Intel tried making their own (IA-64) but it was never compatible with 32 bit applications so it bombed. So they need Intels permission for X86, then AMDs permission for the standard x86-64.
Dogmeat wasn't there (there was another, more robotic dog) but I think that one can slide because its a spin off.
You have to go into the BIOS, and either select boot or change the boot order. Some manufacturers block USB or Disk Booting because "security"
There may be a separate option thats disabling USB/CD booting, in the BIOS.
No clue then. Sorry.
That's powercolor's special one. they tend to bring out super-pimped versions of cards, like the Devil 13, which was 2 290x GPUs on one card (they did this ***BEFORE*** AMD did the 295x2)
The end of the speech leading up to war never changes. I'll eat my shoe if that's not him, it sounds exactly like him
Its bootifol.
I have to go do something, I'll be back in an hour or two, no mobile data ATM. Thanks for help in advance.
Yeah, I guess the whole reset of settings on every app gives me a pretty good time to flash a new ROM without losing much.
Gamasutra ran a massive campaign about how gamers are dead and horrible racist mysogynists.
Didn't they say you could bind it to work like a thumbstick, where you hold your thumb on, and the further from the centre you move, it moves as if you were dragging a thumb stick that way.
No, you said it were as if you were dragging a cursor around, laptop touchpad style.
Most people also need to change the existing line bUseThreadedAI=0 to bUseThreadedAI=1
Not DX12, but they said they have one built into windows 10, IIRC part of the "XBOX WINDOWS" program.
Would be awesome if they could somehow pull through info from cheapshark.com or isthereanydeal.com, so you have a price check of all the major retailers.
They'd just need to make something to pull data from here http://isthereanydeal.com Or just a small web wrapper so you get that website in the launcher.
The PSU was obviously hired by Intel spies to sabotage your experience ^ ^ ^/s
It's called binning. They were testing the higher up models, and if a core didn't meet standards, they blocked it off and sold it as "without" that core. It was just cheaper to not laser them off, which is what everyone does now.
Its part of an update.
Website only shows PS4, Xbone and PC.
Seconding this. OP, Can you get a screenshot without a weapon equipped?
If 60 is a bargain, what does that make 10 for the complete pack?
Pay less, get GOTY
It tends to go down to about $5 for the ultimate edition. Didn't notice it during xmas sales, but it will probably do it again this summer. (Edit why the duck did this get down voted?)
10/10
I have no option for 60fps in Chrome?
Stop being an autist.
Stop being autistic
&gt;buy and maintain and continuously upgrade I haven't had to open my PC up for around 2 years now. You don't need to constinously do anything.
The digital prices on PSN and Xbox live still baffle me. Digital distribution should be ***cheaper*** that physical copies of the game, as there is no physical production or shipping cost, its just the cost of running the download server that they already use for updates. Steam (and other PC digital distributors) have really shown them up for both price and quality, yet Sony and Microsoft still regularly charge full price for games even when stores have gone down to half price on a new boxed copy.
Emulators are ***NOT*** illegal. I have ePSXe on my PC, and I can put my fully legit crash bandicoot ps1 disk into my disk tray and play it, and nothing illegal has occurred. Look up [bleem!](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bleem!). it was a legally sold PS1 emulator software in the early 2000s. Sony took them to court and lost, but the legal fees hurt the company badly. Downloading ROMs/games for emulators, however, is as illegal as any other form of game piracy.
Emulators are not illegal. Look up ["bleem!"](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bleem!). Legally sold, won a lawsuit against Sony and everything.
Yeah, I didn't bring up the price differences at launch because that's been true for decades. I was talking about comparing digital to physical pricing, especially price drops with age.
Back in 2005 a $600 PC really was nothing special. To build a PC of that tier nowadays is around $350 or so. It started around 2008 that the prices of parts dropped substantially.
No you don't. I still run GTA V on high/v.high settings, 1920x1080 60fps.
&gt;imitation come taste *whoa*, I thought we were talking about cola here.
[Have you ever actually seen the full image?](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/trweyxPCy9I/maxresdefault.jpg)
Sure, let's go have a 1080p banner. Its in the spirit of things, but not really fit for a banner.
&gt;torture and brainwashing Also being taken and inducted before they've really developed any social skills, and growing up with 70 other people who were the same.
It was touched upon in the first book that a few other remained. Grey team were deemed inaccessible when they were calling personnel to defend reach, and until later books picked up on it, it was just left to assume that they're still out there.
No, because we are not factoring in the price of the Xbox. Just gold subscription. Games with gold are part of what you get with the subscription. Not free. A toy with a comic is not free, but you aren't paying extra. Its in the price.
If you got him a GTX 4XX or 5XX he could cook the steak and eggs with his PC whilst they're still over on the grill.
Because those don't herald the beginning of a game that will take a dump on your graphics card if it has the wrong label on it.
just take care to wait a little while after the new AMD cards come out. Then either get the 290x after the inevitable price drop, or get the new 290x equivalent.
Still also not confirmed for rebrands either. Just the same WCCFTech "leak" bullshit.
&gt;Buys thing. &gt;Wishes that makers of other-thing™ would die off so that can enjoy paying 3x for the next version of thing™, which isn't actually any better because no one is competing for it. FTFY.
Because you are basing your "enjoy your rebrands" with no fucking evidence at all, and now your panicking because for the first time in months the circle jerk isn't aimed against AMD.
If he has those in SLI, he's a madman and he must be stopped, [Al Gore warned us](http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0497116/)
Much more of a track record for performance issues on gameworks than gaming evolved titles.
you will, however, encourage a lot of people to try overclocking before they're ready, and also encourage a lot of "omg just 100mhz more and i'll beat the next guy on the board" and burns it out. Also cheating.
i can smell the pcb smoke from here.
And you think Little "first desktop" Johnny knows that?
The thing is AMD aren't really doing any shit to get called out on atm. Meanwhile you get defensive when people dislike nvidia for lying, fucking over competitors and more.
I stole a java console thing in chrome. [I have gone too far](http://i.imgur.com/sZaFTHh.gifv) It doesn't even steal my mouse cursor, so i can just put it in, minimize that chrome window and play real games.
by playing it, the community as a whole works on goals that unlock deals.
If you said your PC was running GTA IV well, I'd call you a liar.
^
^
One great thing about the UK. Apart from in the most remote small villages, You are never in a position where you only have 1 or 2 ISPs to pick from, so they all have to be competitive, big or small.
Remove double comment.
I've played the hell out of half life 2, portal, BioShock infinite and gmod. I'll check out thief. I have 1st one on a disk and 2nd one on gog.
Thanks.
Thanks. I didn't actually know I had BioShock 2...
I've played a lot of spore, and I should probably put more time into skyrim. I prefer MSI afterburner to EVGA precision, and I legit forgot I own prison architect.
Forgive me if I'm wrong here: everyone is ripping into them for the rebrands. Last year we HYPED THE FUCK OUT over nvidia releasing the GTX 970 and 980. Two cards. AMD still holding their tongue on the FURY and FURY X. These are the two we want to see, especially with the FURY X *supposedly* being faster than the 980 ti. Two cards. Why are we ripping on AMD for doing the rebrand alongside two new cards? This is more than Nvidia did last year.
What the heck does gameworks have to do with anything? I was just commenting that people are mocking AMD for releasing rebranded cards as if its a bad thing, when they still have Fury/X on the way. I have no doubt we'll see new Fiji cards soon, just like the 960 came along.
Steam didn't exist in 2002...
OPs gearing up for the maddest Bad Rats giveaway PCMR has ever seen.
But it's not cool. You're supposed to get a buddy, flip a dumpster over and bunnyhop your way onto it in the dumpster like the cool kids.
Like water-skiing with more bullet casings
Probably one of the less weird fetishes I've encountered.
Not on his side, just facts on VR. To get a proper 3d image, they need to render the scene TWICE, from slightly different positions, which is quite taxing on the graphics processor in the console. To avoid nausea, you also need a minimum of around 45fps per eye (early versions of the oculus rift did 30fps per eye, equivalent to running the game at 60fps because of that 2 perspective thing, and it causes severe motion sickness in good amount of testers) so youd need to basically run the game at at least 80 or so fps (40 per eye). This will either need resolution or graphical quality drops, as the ps4 can't do the current graphical quality it does at that framerate, most releases at the moment are running at 30.
Also marketing and hype generation for the actual moneymaking products.
It provides a lot of marketing for their main moneymaking products.
Link or bs.
This is old, and also an iOS exclusive right now. The fuck does it do with PCMR?
I can also see modders getting a lot of hate for not releasing a mod on consoles, if they decide to use features which won't work like the script extender or similar.
&gt;1920 Even the percentages are going 1080p
Nintendo may well be best off getting away from the normal release cycle of other console generations, as they won't be in such direct competition with them.
Which is why they'd probably be best getting out of competing with the Microsoft/Sony release cycles, as they offer different things.
*African American hole. You can't just call them black.
I have a friend who uses 9gag and hiddenlol. Every time I get a link its either porn or reposts.
You're an idiot.
I call it: ***Reporn***
This was probably run at like 10 fps.
Inb4 hard lock at 30fps coded in the engine. In an unmoddable bit.
Pearl: "GARNET, AMETHYST AND STEVE ARE MAKING A TITLE SEQUENCE!!"
You're the one who said it you little wanker.
You literally said that only Japanese can make good stories. Stop being a fucking weaboo.
&gt;had a **blast** advertising [I see what you did there...](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zlulSyBI2aY)
Maybe being attached to the others (especially amethyst) make Pearl less focused/attached to rose?
No idea. Hell, maybe being so many gems in one makes even Ruby and Sapphire less aligned.
+1 for corsair, been using a Corsair modular 750w for a good few years now with no issues, along side Corsair RAM and peripherals. None have had issues, and they're all been around for a while.
Lots and lots of $400 laptops out there.
God damn LAN enthusiasts shitting up bike threads
I swear the kid at the back doesn't have a computer, he's just staring at some mountain dew cans.
If were including backwards compatibility, go ahead and add every console library except PS3, PS4, 3DS, Wii U, Xbone and 360 to the PC one. And the xbox 360 one is well on its way.
Emulators are fully legal. Check out "Bleem!". It was a commercially sold PS1 emulator that was in stores during the ps1s life cycle, they even licensed and sold a version for the Dreamcast. Sony put a lawsuit out and lost, but the legal fees crippled the developers of bleem. Oh, and if you can stop fanboy-ing hard enough to find me **EVEN ONE SINGLE CONTROLLER** that can't be used in windows, I'll be impressed.
If we're going by cross platform/backward compatible, add the tens of thousands of PC games not available on steam, then add the atari and Sega consoles (all of them) NES, SNES, N64, GameCube, Wii, gameboy/color/advance, DS, PS1, PS2, PSP, NeoGeo, Commodore/Amiga/MSX libraries to the PC. Plus all the arcade games available via MAME. (Don't say emulators are illegal, they're fully legal as long as they don't use decompiled/source code, or copyright documentation. And its legal to have ROM/ISO rips of games you own.)
If we're going by cross platform/backward compatible, add the tens of thousands of PC games not available on steam. then add the atari and Sega consoles (all of them) NES, SNES, N64, GameCube, Wii, gameboy/color/advance, DS, PS1, PS2, PSP, NeoGeo, Commodore/Amiga/MSX libraries to the PC. Plus all the arcade games available via MAME. (Don't say emulators are illegal, they're fully legal as long as they don't use decompiled/source code, or copyright documentation. And its legal to have ROM/ISO rips of games you own.)
I beg to differ. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_PC_exclusive_games
Steam is free to make an account and get games on ( I believe you need to have actually "bought" a game to use the community tools) If you want to get into PC gaming, ignore the other guy, you can do it for a lot less than $700. 2 questions. What country are you in, and do you already have a PC? (Desktop preferable, doesn't need to be a gaming machine yet)
Which is why we should only count games made which actually released on the console we're counting. This also rules out Nintendo virtual console and such.
Shadowplay compresses the video a lot. Using FRAPS gives you the same quality as the game runs on the PC, but takes up a hell a lot of storage for a video. OBS using a lossless codec is similar, but a bit more storage space friendly.
FRAPS isn't free, but its very easy to "acquire" it without paying anything.
FRAPS *is* lossless. It's why it's so demanding.
Sony tried to take the developers of "Bleem!" to court over actually *selling* a PS1 emulator on windows and on the dreamcast during the ps1s lifetime. Boxes in stores and everything. Sony lost the lawsuit.
Nah. Games released on said console. or you'd need to include all the cross compatible games, you'd need to put the PS1 library into the PS2/PS3. do you include the PS2 library on the PS3? some of them played, some didn't. what about the Wii? the later models cannot play gamecube games. It just gets confusing, and weird to count one single release disk for two consoles.
PLS NO
Not really. I bought this in 2008. Considering the prices you spend on games, I've likely spent less on my game library alongside keeping this thing up to date (CPU upgrade in 2011, GPU in 2013) than I would have spent on collecting a PS3 library of the same size. Also kinda goes to show something that if a new console comes out, you buy it to play new games, without improving the old ones. If I need to upgrade my PC, it even upgrades the old games' experience.
I go to ePSXe. Install. Put in my PS1 disks (they're compatible with the disk without changing anything). EZ. I think we shouldn't count backwards compatibility, because you get into grey areas. Do we count the PS2 library on the PS3? Only early models could do it. Do we count GameCube games for the Wii? the latest ones cannot play GC games. It seems wierd to count a single released disk more than once, so we should take the releases as they are, only for the platform actually on the box/disk.
I just never liked the N64 pad.
Unreal Tournament 3 on the PS3 and Xbox 360 allowed mouse and keyboard play. War Thunder can be played with a Mouse and keyboard on the PS4. Make them use a mouse and keyboard.
Yes, you download the games. The average AAA game is between 10 and 30 GB, although 50GB games are becoming more popular now (because the consoles use 50GB blu ray disks). I get by with 750GB of hard drive space, but the average seems to be between 1000 and 2000GB (1tb and 2tb). If the HP desktop is new, you might just be able to stick a graphics card in, and use the existing processor and such. You can check on the HP desktop what components it has by doing the following: open start menu, type the following into the search bar: dxdiag and press enter. it will give a window [like this](http://i.imgur.com/rxkahkN.png). Tell me what is in the red area. then click the display tab at the top, which gives you [this screen](http://i.imgur.com/WDb5YNu.png) and again, we are interested in the red boxes. If these are decent, you should just be able to pop a graphics card into it, and play AAA games at good quality. In addition, the less intensive games would run fine on your macbook (one purchase on steam gives you the windows, mac and linux versions if they are available for the game), and less intensive games are normally only a couple of GB on the drive.
[There were actually a lot of standard sized Wii consoles with no gamecube ports on them.](http://en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2650/~/what-is-the-difference-between-the-models-of-wii-consoles%3F)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bleem!#Sony_lawsuit Here are some more detailed info on the lawsuit: https://www.law.cornell.edu/copyright/cases/Sony_v_Bleem.htm It was the legal fees that caused Bleem! to go out of production, but they did win the lawsuit. Also look at the lawsuit sony made against Connectix, previously, for the same thing. https://www.law.cornell.edu/copyright/cases/203_F3d_596.htm Note the "conclusion" at section [50], which I will put here for convenience. &gt; Connectix's reverse engineering of the Sony BIOS extracted from a Sony PlayStation console purchased by Connectix engineers is protected as a *fair use*. Other intermediate copies of the Sony BIOS made by Connectix, if they infringed Sony's copyright, do not justify injunctive relief. For these reasons, the district [p*610] court's injunction is dissolved and the case is remanded to the district court. We also *reverse* the district court's finding that Connectix's Virtual Game Station has tarnished the Sony PlayStation mark.
Once you get hold of it, let me know which those things are, and I can point you to some options. I used to build these things for people as a job.
the computer in the box is a Raspberry Pi. commenly called a "Pi"
I've been in quite a few discussions about the legality of emulators. Of course, most people follow up installing an emulator by pirating a load of games, which is a different and much more illegal practise.
they only fixed this a few weeks ago.
It was only after the problem appeared on consoles with the scholar release that they ever bothered to fix it.
Hell, I'd kill a man just for Skate 1 on PC.
Enjoy your scratched disks, and used game keys.
Meanwhile I look over to the console markets. You have some games, but they're not Civilisation. They aren't EVE online. They aren't Counterstrike (I know its on 360, but that was DOA, no players after like a week, and fuck playing cs with a pad). You also have some input methods, but they aren't a mouse and keyboard. We can sit here all day saying what other platforms don't have, but youd run out long before I will. Oh, and arkham knight should be back relatively soon.
Oh, I know full well. Since I started playing PC shooters more "deliberately" when I got Unreal 2004 in '05 (I used to play quake when I was 5, but I had no clue wtf was happening, I just clicked and watched it flash) I've been unable to get into console fps properly. I loved halo 3, and even though I was good at it, I really want to play it on my PC. Now Halo Online has started, the community tools to play the leaked engine and maps feels great.
They had contracts over here in the UK for like a decade. Then EE bought them.
Definitely Halo 4.
Civ Revolution was pretty basic though... it was 4 with a lot less features.
If there was this, but without the pixel-y look, i'd be happy.
I've got no issue with pixel-art games, just that I'd like a Metroid game with a smoother look to it. If i wanted a pixel art Metroid, I'd just look over to Super Metroid/Zero Mission/Fusion. I've played each of them like 10x through, and I'd enjoy something new to the series.
The trails he's referring to are actual signposted routes, which will show on maps. most of them go back many decades, even centuries, and were an agreement with the landowner at the time. Local Authority pay to install a gate etc and maintain the trail, and purchase the strip of land from the owner. Now you get nutjobs moving in, buying the land, not reading the legal details and trying to apprehend people for using a legal public path.
If he had a decent enough lawyer, he could have also gone for compensation too, not just cost of damages.
It was a great game, which seemed entirely let down by 2 things. the maps were great but always forced a bottleneck down one corridor or one doorway, and people seemed to have too much HP. The movement system is still great, and the customisation puts a lot of roleplaying games to shame. Also even at launch day, it sadly never had the community to support itself.
Actually I've seen this. They pair the less powerful but more "luxury" computers with better screens, whilst the actual powerhouses get stuck with a smaller, less vibrant monitor. They have more profit to make on the luxury one.
There's nothing actually making you upgrade. Just sit on 7 and be happy "sticking it to the man" or whatever it is that you get off on.
Jargon game is too strong for me.
This must have been from the same batch as the double cannon one. I always wondered where the cannon came from and the arm went.
Undeleted has 2 posts. Did you mean to link there?
They funded it to obfuscate web searches to reduce awareness!!1
In no way disagreeing with you, just more of a fun fact. I can recall 3 games that can be played with m/kb on console. PS3 supported them on Unreal Tournament 3, and Dust 514. The ps4 supports it for War Thunder.
He's referring to the average PC gamer.
Likewise, they praise us for being one of the few subs that don't just pave over gamergate or ethics issues.
Regardless of whether you like GamerGate, we're on the same side in this stuff, and we agree on most situations.
&gt;game journalists are dipshits This is more or less GGs MO.
That face makes me want to punch my phone .
&gt;crossfire different AMD cards As long as they are on he same chip, yes. Don't expect to crossfire a 380x and a 390.
You've obviously watched me play The Sims.
Irrational fear that computers didn't know that the year 2000 existed, which was hyped up by scammers to sell "y2k compliant systems", and then further hyped by people who didn't like computers to scare everyone. people fucking camped next to ATMs on the 31st of dec hoping the machines would start spilling money.
Hi. I've discovered the whole "change your hud colour" thing, and after trying it out, it hasn't changed the colours at all. A friend of mine has tried to follow the same tutorial from here, but to no avail. the file is edited, but the color remains as default. [This is the tutorial we are following](https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/2p3784/you_can_manually_customize_the_gui_colors/)
This hasn't worked.
Yeah I'm using this. Whatever I change, the hud is still the default orange and blue.
More that they don't want to suggest we even make any of those arguments, because it breaks their narratives.
If it means anything, my GraphicsConfiguration.XML is in the steamapps location in programming files, whilst GraphicsConfigurationOverride.XML is in C/users location, in appdata. I've changed it in both.
Rainbow Six Siege. I need more tactics in my life and tictacs in my mouth.
On android it's hella easy to fake location data, so the phone thinks it's somewhere else. Should be fun on this.
The difference is probably more to do with the PS3 pad vs the Xbone pad.
I would suggest not, because you won't be able to upgrade so easily down the line, and laptops, in my experience, don't last as long due to heat problems. If your ram or CPU in the laptop die, you'll have a bad time trying to replace it.
9922 20 Gorillaz Drive Super Metroid
+1 for uninstalling drivers with DDU and reinstalling the latest drivers.
Fair enough. Hopefully his situation improves. I recently got fiber down my street which put my download speed to around 28mbit, which gives just over 3 mbyte/s.
US thrift stores: keyboards, games, PC/parts... UK : shit man there might be a PS2 football game or something for £10. ( at least that's how it be in London.)
The 280 is the same as a 7950. They also use the same chip as The 7970 so you can crossfire them with your 280. At that price I'd grab at least 2 for crossfire.
I would, however, wait for a few months before dropping that £200 on a CPU. Intel have a new line on the way, and AMD have Zen coming, which should drop the prices of stuff, as well as bring new options.
This. A friend of mine plays CSGO on a machine I fixed up for him. It's a core 2 duo office machine he found in a dumpster along with my old HD5670. He was ranked LEM last I checked.
Yep. Early 2013 when I was looking to buy a card for the first time, AMD prices were inflated as hell on the 270s and 280s because of miners. Nowadays there are specific bitcoin mining asic cards, and they work way better for mining to the point where anyone still using GPUs is just wasting money on the power.
Inb4 posting here made brothers across America visit goodwill looking for deals. Which is cool in its own way, but none of them will spend any money if they can't find anything like this. Meanwhile some anon who lives in his town is probably selling them on r/hardwareswap as we speak.
Username checks out.
Aside from the first thing, this is why I like 2000AD. Looking at Judge Dredd in particular: They maintain the interest with the comic by not having any reboots. The main character is 40 something years older than he was at the beginning, with the comic starting in 1977 with him around 30 or so, aging in real time. The comic has never had any reboots, and is pretty consistent. They also maintain the shock value with character changes and such. When someone dies, they stay dead, even characters that have been in for decades. (exceptions being Mean Machine and Judge death. The former is a joke villian cyborg who always escaped dying somehow, the latter being a spirit from another dimension). As for "SJW-ification" theyve never had anyone dictating anything to them like is happening now. Theyve had gay and trans characters since the late 80's iirc, and its never been a big deal at all, its just mentioned in passing sometimes, ie a guy meeting their "partner' turns out to be another guy, its not made a big deal out of, and barely mentioned.
Generally you get a boost of a couple fps, but a lot of games have bugs in windows 10 that aren't in w7. Until DX12/Vulkan come around, there isn't much difference
&gt;smuggling in robigo I'm new to the game, can you explain more?
If Frontier change it so a solo pilot suddenly doesn't have 100% control of an existing ship, even up to an imperial cutter, people will lose their shit.
Neat, I'll look into this. I have a type-6 kitted out for long haul with loads of cargo, i could refit it for this.
Plays.TV does everything shadowplay does for AMD.
I don't trust you, you are lying.
You realise they are just putting these at 100% to hear what they sound like at 100%, right? they don't always run at that.
Sniping also has nothing to do with a scope.
I also reckon Google would have trouble to uphold a claim over someone using "Google" as a verb in many countries.
It shows everyones screen, even if you are playing online with only one person on your end.
Yeah, I feel I'm part of a rare breed in that I legit cannot deal with the GameCube controls, but the wiimote nunchuck controls feel so natural to me.
I was gonna say the 3ds one that's on the way, but then I remembered that they aren't metroid.
It's more that when you enter a room, it starts loading the adjacent ones. If there are large rooms attached to the one you are in, or you are moving too fast, you wait. It affects MP3 more because the rooms are more detailed and have larger file sizes that mp1 or 2.
But the 980 doesn't stick out of the bottom of your computer attached only by a tiny connector.
Yes. Thats exactly it. Because every musician i listen to is totally able to sign up to a record label and publish their work on iTunes. Oh wait, some of them aren't retarded and don't want to sign a deal with the leeches. Likewise, I don't just buy apps from Google's app store. Remind me again how the Humble Bundle are a tool for piracy. Remind me how books from Kobo, or books from the Amazon Kindle store are stolen. Because all you've done so far is remind me that you are retarded.
How do you get the list view on steam? I like it, but mine is really spaced out for all of the game images.
Maybe people would help you if you weren't so confrontational and agressive towards them.
Why not download through the website? galaxy is an optional service.
This. I trust a water cooling set up a lot more now that I know that it won't pop fluid all over my internals if it drops and is left hanging by its tubes.
\&gt;get interdicted \&gt;see this \&gt;end game .exe \&gt;go to bed early
Run borderless windowed, alt tab takes no time at all. CTRL SHIFT ESCAPE brings task manager, end game process, not "end task". Or you could take it like a man and accept when you've been rekt.
Why N64 though?
98% certain that they have a crappy PSU, and the cheapest compatible motherboard and hdd.
That doesn't work for me in Elite.
The cache thing the other day only allowed people to see your email address, the last 4 digits of your card#, and a billing address. There was no actual database breaches, only information that is on your profile/account pages was visible. So no, your S/N number won't be visible even if someone does the cache thing again. Valve have top-tier security, the attack was a DDOS on part of Valves network that made it crash.
Considering how big the channel is (in the yt rewind and all) all mark has to do is ask some YT higher up and they can manually unfuck the channel.
I want one of those. Never got round to buying one though.
Warframe is really fast-paced.
Take a look at Nosgoth on steam.
And if Nintendo don't hurry up, AM2R will beat them to it.
We did. Its called Cat6. Category 6 Ethernet cables give you up to a Gigabit/sec, which i guarantee is more than your network can give you. What more do you want?
&gt;dolphin smooth *launches metroid prime in 60fps*
I am sorry, but you seem to have made the mistake of thinking that your own tastes are the only options. Halo isnt simplistic garbage, and movement isnt shit, it's just not to your liking. I could just as well say the movement in CS sucks, but I realise that it's because it's not to my liking. Just because you don't like it doesn't make it bad
But seriously cat 6 is the upgrade to Ethernet you were asking about, the same way we are "still using USB" when we are on several upgrades beyond the versions found on the xbox, ps2, and PCs from the 90s.
Yeah, the guns are slightly effective on androids, and even then, it takes a while, makes so much noise the alien spawns in with its claws already in your neck, and you don't get enough ammo to actually clear out any areas. It night work once or twice to scare the alien for a few seconds.
Looking at the picture, now at the other guys comments. What is it about anti vax people and wanting everyone else to die? Is it some kind of desire to even the playing field since they're jealous that normal people wont die of a disease that's been gone since the 60s?
The thing that scares me is that these people will watch Zuckerbergs kid like a fucking hawk now, and EVERY health complication that happens in his life, everything from colds all the way up to any actual developmental problems, and it'll be *"undeniable proof that vaccines are bad"* in their eyes.
Yeah if you use gmail it can pick up on appointments and can add them to your calendar, iirc
Sapphire 290 tri x is a wonderful card.
the "we were right" crowd is being proven right, as far as their criticism of allowing everyone over the border with no checks is concerned.
It removes one of the obstacles to it.
Used to be friends with a guy who multiboxed 20 accounts. He was a perfectly timed one man stealth bomber fleet.
*And a real hero*
\&gt;Germany let's in a lot of refugees from Syria \&gt;huge crime wave within the coming months \&gt;witness reports claim the perpetuators to be middle Eastern \&gt;somehow people like you still think the problem can't be pointed at the refugees
It's the quickest way to prevent this from happening, and a full solution can be worked on in the meantime.
Not surprising, considering the average DOTA/CSGO player just needs that to play on their laptop.
The thing is, that was from 2008. Since then, Nvidia have even made it so you cannot run PhysX on an Nvidia card, as long as there is an AMD GPU connected to your system. Why makes you think they'd let AMD run it on their cards if they're going that far to lock them out already?
You say bad consumerism, yet you are flat out refusing to hear when people say that their cards arent as loud as you claim. That's not just bad, you are showing blind consumerism. I have a 290 and I can't hear the fans below 90%. I've never managed to get them going faster than 60%, and it hasn't gone above 65°c before.
&gt;the mob "Hey buddy. I heard you like frames? It would be a *reeaal* shame if something bad happened to them, wouldn't it. Here, just buy one of these green cards, and you don't have to worry your little head about it, OK buddy? Here, we'll even throw in a little hairworks on it, isnt that pretty... See you next driver update...sucker"
[Article 1](http://vrworld.com/2014/07/31/nvidia-disables-gpu-physx-2nd-non-nv-gpu-installed/) [Article 2](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/nvidia-physx-ati-gpu-disable,8742.html) This happens even when the Nvidia card is the primary card and the AMD one is disabled. If someone were a game developer, it's not unlikely of have one AMD card and one Nvidia card, and test on both. This would prevent said person from testing Nvidia features without actually pulling the AMD card out. Likewise, if I owned a GTX 980ti, and I happened to have my old Radeon HD5670 just to connect an extra monitor, and having my game running entirely on the Nvidia card, I still get locked out of PhysX. I don't see how this can be perceived as anything other than punishing the user for also being an AMD customer. I dont know if this affects users with AMD integrated graphics. TL;DR if you have an AMD graphics card anywhere in your PC alongside an Nvidia one, several Nvidia features, inc PhysX, get locked out.
Windows 10 x64 AMD VISHERA FX8320 - 8 core, 3.7GHz Radeon R9 290 - 4096 MB Vram 8GB DDR3 Had to turn off directinput due to crashes. Cant join Nvidia user servers it seems. (Pyrocitor in IRC/in game)
Username is on point.
I didn't say them running it on AMD cards. You can't run it on an Nvidia card if there is an AMD card anywhere in your system, even if that AMD card is disabled.
What he means is the amount they make on the console is nothing compared to the amount they make from locking you into their stuff. There might be at most $100 dollars on the console. Theyve made that in 2 years of xbox live subs, or from the premium they get from selling like 3 games.
Its the closest thing we'll get, and when the modders disabled sprint, disabled pay2win weapons, and now ported in halo 3 maps, its getting more and more halo 3.
Because halo and quake are 2 different games. I got hooked on the shield+HP system in halo, and the way the movement worked. Also vehicles yo.
&gt;firefight AI WHEN?
Yeah, when I play counterstrike, I'm practising for the day j join a team of 5 terrorists, to fight it out in a small area with 5 counterterrorists, and we will give ourselves 3 minutes to put a bomb down on some empty boxes somewhere.
Yeah, Bungie wanted out after halo 3, which would have been a fine closing point. Then we got ODST and they were closing the contract immediately after reach came out.
That's what I meant by bungie wanted out after halo 3.
Would that one personality be yelling at the others to get a job and actually help out around the house?
I've been playing UT since 2001 m8. There is a masiive difference between halo and quake in general. comparing the 2 and saying 1 is shit because its not the other is like complaining that battlefield isnt mario.
Halo isnt an arena shooter tho.
you brought quake into this first. edit: also nice job cherrypicking a shit vid with less than 100 views for halo. GG.
Who the fuck are you to judge cred?
This was how I used to deal with things on my old laptop. -&gt;get the game running at minimum 20fps (what I felt was the lowest point I could deal with) -&gt;get it to 30fps minimum Then see if I can then turn any settings up for looks.
Also for the high fps porn aspect, /r/60fpsporn
He always wanted to just work on a project for a year, push it out, drop off and work on another project next year. For some reason he stuck with minecraft for 2 years or so until it got the massive kick it needed and was one of, if not the biggest, and definitely the fastest growing brands in gaming.
Halo 3 engine: Host OP pls nerf
Port forwarding. You need to enable certain numbers on your router. http://portforward.com/english/applications/port_forwarding/Counter_Strike
Wouldn't that just be big garnet with "moar gemz"?
Ayy Lmao
More likely the card itself is flashed to report as the 680. you can edit the component IDs on cards.
Yo, you should remove that link in the post above, its a guide to the wrong version of the game and if anyone downloads that, they wont be able to play.
The thing is, the keyboard layout means you don't need bumperjumper to retain jumping and accuracy.
Even with aim assist you're at a disadvantage.
Yes. And Forge.
The thing is, halo 3 had absurdly low FOV. it was 70 for fucks sake.
You can mod the game to replace everything to halo 3 models and hud.
The game came out before planetside 2 you literal dipshit.
Halo Online got killed, El Dewrito/El Dorito/Anvil never got closed because Microshaft dont own it.
&gt;5ms
Yeah it's like people who modify the shit out of their cars. Many types of modification are illegal here in the UK, and a car needs to be MOT checked every couple of years to make sure that it's all up to standard.
Why buy a 980? Just overclock a 970, you get the same damn thing. The only thing that is different with the 980 is non-fucked vram and slightly better manufacturing so they can set the clock rate a little higher.
4GB vs 8GB VRAM &gt;very slight upgrades
Yep. Except that it starts its own fire.
Oh yeah, the 970 will just spin up to 7/8ths of the speed it needs to fly, then suddenly slow down when it tries to get the last 12.5%.
Basically anything without crumbs or melting is great. Nuts are nice, but you can end up with greasy keyboards and such.
Turns out a lot of furries cant spell.
Sounds like the card is fucked. send emails to support people at AMD, the store you bought it, and the card manufacturer (gigabyte/msi/whatever).
Why can't you reach it? Can you not use a screwdriver or something to press/slide the pci lock?
I was going off the assumption that it worked before he put the new card in.
&gt;security leak Steam still beats out the console services here. PSN has had its credit card databases broken into a few times.
[10/10 response](http://36.media.tumblr.com/80c63df38f3db4fab2b8a5ee206c5b41/tumblr_inline_ntuokz2yCW1rvs9j5_1280.png) [In fact the whole conversation makes me giggle](http://steven-did-nothing-wrong.tumblr.com/post/127932330632/attention-su-fandom)
Yeah, it'll work if they release a form of the steam service that just authorises all the checks sent to see if the game is running valid on steam, but yeah, licensing and legal, especially from people like Ubisoft and Activision will be the biggest obstacle.
How many goddamned cameras did they have on that guy?
I just bought a 144hz monitor half an hour ago. I'm trying as hard as I can.
I just got home, looking for the setting now
yeah i got it
I've seen someone do this on a fight stick
I can't leave my chair without tripping, so I've been on my PC for a week.
The only way those machines will ever benchmark well.
Cooking meth?
Looking forward to the Battle of San Francisco.
Corsair PSU, RAM, M65 and K70. And I know which way I'm looking when it comes to upgrading my case ;)
Livenaming?
The other "speaker grille" is the mic.
Something tells me this guy doesn't like PC much...
The original gamergate catalyst threads?
You Fried ^ ^your gpu
Yeah I've asked in bovril new, loaded up my retriever with as much stuff as I can, and asked CCP to move me to highsec (I'm still docked in buz-db and these people are scary)
Hyderolic puress chanel
You can hit [the Pirat bay](https://proxybay.tv/) for the Wii ISOs. just pick one of the proxies, some of them will be blocked where you are, some won't. (Deliberate misspelling because some subs block my comment if I say it).
Someone needs to make a Hindu rogue-like. You get 7 reincarnations, before it wipes its data and generates a new world.
Same shit, different toilet.
I have a similar pair (Sony MDR-XB450AP) and it's in that [box on the cord](http://i.imgur.com/RBZNcLa.png)
Its just a mic thats on the cord. the remote control thing is just for when you plug it into a phone, it doesn't do anything on a computer. As for the mic itself, i have a similar pair of headphones, and its trash.
[How about attacker with one of these](http://www.strategypage.com/gallery/images/corner1.jpg) the actual gun is just a glock handgun, but it's on a pivot with a camera feed.
&gt;Ready to give up her _seafood_ to make Steven I mean, that's one hell of a commitment
Locks you in place while using it, it might have massive spread/scatter, recoil out the ass, and it would be your only weapon? I'm just throwing ideas out there when people ask for actual Gadgets for the attackers.
What i'm saying is you are using bad quality and overpriced headsets in a comparison to say that headsets aren't good.
you said that your 5.1/7.1 was better, but you are comparing them to bottom-tier headsets.
How so?
And if the UK actually becomes better off for it, he'll still be seen as crap because he stood in the opposition.
Pls read my reply to other guy. I'm just throwing ideas in, not balancing.
I'd imagine he has to have line of sight with the cameras to do it.
Well it was Wolfenstien : The New Order.
No it's not. shh. that never happened. no actually i'd legit forgotten it was a thing.
Why?
Been an AMD customer for a while now, really looking forward to upgrading to a 480 once i can afford it, card looks ***SWEET***
Theres a whole lot of filler, it's just that it manages to make the filler relevant/linked in some way or another.
Sorry, wording. It's pseudo-filler then. It starts as for all purposes filler, but then it does pull it back to the main stuff.
I was going to say your aim at the beginning sucked, then I realized you're on console so you can't help it.
Which tracks are you talking about?
UTC, I think. Matches GMT in the winter times, but it doesn't adjust for summer time
We get a ton of them here in the UK.
They've been around for ages, this isn't their debut album. Check out tracks like Rock it for me, Jolie Coquine, Beatophone, Brotherswing, and Clash
That's correct. Most people still call it GMT which is why I feel it's best to clear it up and just call it UTC.
There are definitely things to be said/studied in differences between how quickly boys and girls pick up different activities, especially when it comes to method of education. The problem is when people, like the one I was replying to above, feel that the only solution to this is to segregate, which just leads to these differences being compounded rather than working towards solving them.
So when thousands of people pay up front for a game like no mans sky because the preorder hype was blown out of proportion, only to find that the game is nowhere near the level that was advertised but they've already paid, there's nothing wrong with it? When companies are refusing to let people review the games until after the cut off for cancelling preorders? The whole thing is a scheme to get people to pay before actually seeing the product.
Preorder and **PRE-PURCHASE** get thrown around interchangeably Per purchase is a cancer that should fuck off.
Preordering is why so many people wasted money on the game. Literally wait ONE day after release they would have seen the shit about disproving the multiplayer and the lead guy being an idiot on twitter making no promises to fix the game
A lot of reviews come out on release day, if not earlier. Enough time to read/watch before paying. But people insist on paying a year early only to complain the game isn't what they wanted.
Because game developers actually had to make an effort to sell a working product from day 1, instead of releasing early and fixing it "later" Patches still existed back then, just they were not relied on to make the games playable.
Explain digital preorders/prepurchase.
BRB buying savings bonds so I can afford to buy that sweet new stable to store my tricked out mustang.
iirc it still doesn't have quite a few things right? Last I heard it only had one or two road vehicles?
As long as you waited long enough to have a chance to read/watch reviews made by people who arent paid by the publishers of the game, it's fine. The problem is when people prepurchase months in advance based on nothing but a trailer or an e3 keynote, with no hint of the quality of the product itself.
Imports/localisations are different because the game is already out somewhere so you can see the release product. Although that hasn't stopped some translation publishers from fucking with the games translations or censoring the shit out of it.
Probably playing the game after doing the smart thing and waiting to see if the day 1 problems got fixed which they did. Especially considering the track record with BF4 being fucked for months, and battlefront being... battlefront.
He means people prepurchasing months ahead, putting the full price upfront without seeing what the game actually will be like.
HE Means people prepurchasing months ahead. The games publishers have that money in the bag before the game is finished.
[Yes, tell me how other companies haven't lied about their product](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNter0oEYxc)
But if preordering wasn't so prominent, people would fucking wait until seeing the finished product before paying for that shit.
I meant there would be a much bigger incentive to deliver a product that lived up to its marketing if they weren't banking on prepurchases.
So if i prepurchase a game on steam for £50, steam/valve gets all £50?
In the same way a pissed off person with a large stick won't make as big a story as a pissed off person with a rifle.
The article speaks of people being removed for being "comparably aggressive" to the attackers last year.
I contacted Corsair support and gloriousgeorge but Corsair make the cables with the keyboard, so you'd only get a spare cable if you managed to get hold of, say, a broken keyboard being sold for parts. I currently am using a corsair k40, I intend to open it and check, it might use the same cable, but I'm not sure.
Yeah, IDGAF about duds, I remove most of those mentally myself after the first click anyway, but 7 guesses vs 4 means I only ever leave to reset if I can't find an "allowance reset" bracket.
That sounds like when you make a "[speech 70%]" attempt in fallout 3 but fail.
Did you check out their other music?
Either New York's James Farley Post office, which has "Neither snow nor rain nor heat nor gloom of night stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds" or Terry Pratchett's book Going Postal, in which the Ankh Morpork Post Office has a motto: NEITHER RAIN NOR SNOW NOR GLOM OF NIT CAN STAY THESE MESENGERS ABOT THEIR DUTY (someone in the book had stolen the missing letters from the sign for somewhere else)
Always give the delivery girl the tip.
That's the one I was talking about when I said James Farley post office. And it's not official but it's widely spread anyway.
Just checked in the book, there was no apostrophe.
Switch to transistors made of a material with smaller atoms?
That and only 3 companies in the world are allowed to make x86 processors anyways. Intel, AMD, and VIA. Intel own the x86 patent, and they have no intentions to sell it out to anyone else. VIA specialise in a few bespoke solutions and they develop a lot of patents, they don't intend on competing. And when AMD developed AMD64, it was better than Intel's IA64, intel pay AMD to use it. So VIA isn't allowed to make compatible 64bit cpus unless they pay AMD for it. This is why there is so much competition in the ARM architecture field, with about 8 different companies all racing faster for the best performance and efficiency balances. ARM holdings was set up as a system for fair competition, where contributing corporations work together and share their patents for all their benefits.
Yep, at the time things like this started, AMD was kicking ass with phenom based processors, but Intel did what they did and that's why the current FX Processors are basically phenom designs squeezed as far as they'll go.
You seem to fail to understand how stuff works. Of course the ones we have are just fine, that's because processors haven't moved for like 6 years. Game devs aren't just gonna keep going and overtake processor development, they develop for the current stuff. They have to be able to run it themselves too to develop it. If CPUs started moving again, game devs could start moving with it again.
Core2Duo e8400 was bae. Still running in my dads pc, along with my old Radeon HD5670.
Hold on lemme just fire my .75 missile launcher one handed. Guardsmen with bolt pistols look stupid af.
Guy who died after having "relations" with a male horse. And it wasn't from an illness. Something ruptured.
Oh, there is slowdown in a lot of smaller game dev teams, but thats mainly due to unoptimised code that works in smaller amounts but isn't written to consider what happens when it piles up and builds too much up. I am not by any means saying that its easy to optimised it, I know full well thats a job that can sometimes take thousands of skilled work hours just for a small improvement.
No, his colon https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enumclaw_horse_sex_case
it only runs at 640x480 tho.
It worked fine in windows 7 as long as you changed the .ini file.
Have you installed the Games For Windows Live Launcher? The game has a few internal crashes which don't like it being missing. GFWL has a bad reputation but Fallout 3 doesn't use it for anything other than a couple of licence checks which are meant to be disabled these days, but they still exist. It works fine on my system, but I have GFWL installed for Lost Planet 2. (tfw noone plays LP2)
You have to log in, if you have any account with microsoft, xbox, windows, even a hotmail/msn account, or something like that, the account works.
He's not wrong. There were methods to modify the PS3 firmware using the other OS mode, which would let it do things like run homebrews or unsigned copies of games.
But it did. There were methods to modify the PS3 firmware using the other OS mode, which would let it do things like run homebrews or unsigned copies of games.
The launch model of the PS3 had the yellow light problems too though. You'd be hard pushed to find a working PS3 with backwards compatibility these days, and they sell for well above normal prices.
This sounds like the guy running it had bought/borrowed a broken system that had been hacked back together from whoever he was calling for instructions.
Yeah, at the same shop these days you can get a wii with GC ports plus a wiimote and the cables for £20, or a used gamecube with just the power and av leads for £40
Yeah, when systems have venting/heating problems, you have the "short term" failure of solder or wiring, but after a while you end up cooking some components internally till they just stop because some internal element is broken. Same thing happened to my old laptop.
Also supply/demand. There's a hell of a lot more people selling wii consoles than gamecube consoles. Its also why they were even cheaper when I bought mine in 2013, because it was a while after the Wii U released, and when both the Wii U and 3DS had a price drop at about the same time, the stores got flooded with people selling Wiis.
Because they manage to sell them for those prices. A shop will sell things for as much as people will pay for them, they won't drop the prices unless they actually have a reason to get rid of them faster.
One or two work fine, but facts are facts, most of them broke within a year, and there is a reason why sony took out the ps2 hardware in the models that replaced them.
If they were advanced enough, and I mean to a level beyond our comprehension, what if they look at our structures in the same way we view a beehive?
You seem to have made some form of mistake. You see, what you have there are 2 GAMES. *Not* gems. You may be aware of this, but instead made the alternative error of thinking that this naming scheme is "cute" or "cool". It is not.
Multiplayer is still possible too if you get involved with the steam group and play in the organised games via virtual lan.
BF1 seems to be deliberate in showing 100% if the value is above 100, but in other games I have had &gt;200% on shotguns or explosive/area effect weapons, which usually gets a laugh on the stats screen at the end of the game.
But what guarantee do we have that communication would be possible? What if they don't see as we do, but perceive a much higher band of radio waves? Or communicate entirely by pheromone releases? Maybe even something based on magnetics? Whatever life exists that has evolved on other planets might be almost entirely "incompatible". Hell, we have stuff evolved here on Earth which is vastly different from anything else around it.
I remember having issues like this with people trying to play Lost Planet 2. IIRC try changing the password of your microsoft account, through the website. even if you "change" it to something identical.
I was only pretending to be retarded
Worth.
I live in England. I have never been on a plane before.
It does some conversion stuff that puts the speed of the mouse movement as the "angle" of the joystick. So moving at a slow speed is like moving the thumbstick a couple of points up, moving the mouse really fast it sets the thumbstick input at 100%. The end result is like playing on a PC but with far too strong mouse acceleration and smoothing.
Not joining in with him, he seems fanatic, but its much more common for PC gamers to be using headphones for audio, due to sitting closer and usually using a monitor which is a sharper resolution/picture but usually bad/no audio compared to a TV. In the group I play games with (about 20 or so people) I only know one person who prefers a set of speakers to headphones in game, and they don't play comp shooters.
The IRA haven't really been a thing in England for years now, let alone anything to do with the London Underground.
I'm not saying the people on a plane are entirely helpless, it was just as to why they're a lot stricter about what gets onto a plane than they are about what gets into an airport.
You get lower framerates than Nvidia stuff because a lot of the features like the water effects are on nvidia tech, so the optimisation isnt as far up there. Its still very playable on my system, with an FX8320 and R9 290. It complains of having not enough ram (i have 8) but it works anyways.
Yep. In the OPs case, I'd have stuck on the phone, would still get the same lawsuit and outcome, but my mate might still have a thumb.
сука блять Comrades, we have been discovered. Though it would be good to see some actual evidence, not just "in the past they did x, so today they might do y"
Maybe not a gas cylinder, but more likely a motor to "clack" the slide on top of the pistol. I remember old Namco light gun arcade games doing that.
A lot of people on here just assume that everything is USA. Really fucking annoying.
The article is based in the U.K. Tho.
This is in the UK. Ofcom are the people who care about this over here.
Ofcom. They're the OFfice of COMmunications for the UK. And yeah, any jammers like this, for disrupting any signals, will land you in police arrest once they triangulate the jammer and find out who's running it.
[Wifi (and other radio) disruption is illegal too in the UK](https://www.ofcom.org.uk/spectrum/radio-spectrum-and-the-law/jammers)
UK based. [still illegal](https://www.ofcom.org.uk/spectrum/radio-spectrum-and-the-law/jammers), but its Ofcom who enforce it.
This isn't America. The word you are looking for is Ofcom.
So that doesn't mean ignoring the article and spouting US law.
This is how we keep the meme pool clean. Inferior memes are downvoted while advantageous memes are upvoted and able to repost and spread.
Or keeping it to the US, how about someone in Alaska raising a moose that was dying? What might have been about the size of a dog soon turns into a 10 feet tall, half ton mo fo who can royally fuck up a car if it wants to.
They have no authority in the UK. FCC set the standards in the US. Not the UK. Who are they going to have a word with?
No, you don't FCC rules don't cover the UK unless the communication itself is international, in which case it comes under jurisdiction of all those countries involved.
There are different species of ticks, the ones which like to live on dogs are different than the ones which like to live on deer. The deer ones are smaller and much more likely to be carrying lyme's disease. They can live for a while on another creature, hence why dogs *can* pick up the lyme's ticks, but they don't live well, and tend to die after a few days without breeding because their bodies are designed to live off of the exact make up of blood in the other creature.
Yep. Deliberately producing radio/telecoms interference is an offence here.
In old games where a lot of the time the map is "color coded" its especially hard. "Oh, hes in the blue base" Or when you see/hear them enter the sniper scope.
Even playing online, you see everyones screen.
You can play it online, you still see everyones screen.
Heart of Gaming does well in London, you pay around £10 to enter, and the machines are all on free play. It wasn't even a bar.
But these jammers arent covering international transmissions you fuckwit. This is a UK cop suggesting that UK criminals be fitted with very short range wifi jammers.
He was *oni* trying to fit in.
Until you get replaced by the new google cleaning robots.
I used to see this when people traded in consoles at my local game store. They had a sign up saying to not wrap the controller wires. They'd turn them down at the counter because some mothers would come in with their kids consoles but the wires were wrapped so hard the rubber shroud had separated/pulled out at the end.
They drew first blood. I declare war. Destroy all alien scum.
I remember back in the earlier days of it, before servers had stuff in place to prevent grieving, I knew of at least a few groups who would head out in groups and drive down main highways taking up all lanes, and they'd smash anyone who came the other way. Damned road pirates.
2299 Thanks for the chance.
Most servers have a lock which stops you from pushing more than a tiny bit past the speed limits. Without it, you could ram people off of the road with a good run up.
I have 47 videos and I have 14 subs.
Actually I just record junk and stick it up there. All but 3 of my subs are friends I know by name.
As of right now. Intel are better on almost all fields when we are talking home computers and gaming. I have an AMD cpu just because i got a really good deal a few years ago, thats about it. However I would suggest you wait a month or two because we will be seeing AMDs first proper architecture for years, and it will either be good enough to consider, or it'll drive the intel prices down a little just by existing anyway.
Giving it slack is fine, and don't pull at all as you wrap. It won't do any damage if you can easily stick a finger under basically any point of the wrapping. Problem is when those soccer moms came in with the wires as tightly strung as they were, because everything had to be "neat".
The magazine is specifically talking about graphics though.
I believe you might be thinking of Paladins, not Battleborn.
It ensures people buy one as soon as they become available again, rather than waiting a few months down the line for Christmas sales. Also they keep driving up publicity from places reporting that they're sold out everywhere. The same thing happens with the Amiibos, with the NES classic, all sorts.
It's because they have a hell of a lot of "back up plans" which they're basically certain will make them a boatload of money without too much waiting time. I am certain that mario run has been on the table at Nintendo since like 2009, and they've just been waiting till the right time. In this case, for the publicity boost right before the switch comes out.
Lol, gearbox didn't make half life. They made a couple of expansions for half life 1, and worked on the console ports.
I have a tobii 4c, which has the same tracker as the eye-x, but it also tracks the movement/turning of your head without you needing any headgear. I can confirm that it works with glasses too. Edit: for what its worth they sent me one for free though, your call as to if its worth €140.
I'm not too sure man. Tobii sent me one for free as a beta test and i just play elite with it. I haven't fiddled with it much.
Good local pc shops can be decent too, especially if you know the people who run it. The problem with "computer shops" that people talk about on here is that 90% of people who buy a pre-built will be looking to buy one from best buy or some crap.
As an Englishman I am proud that the actions of my gamergate ancestors have led to these events, truely what the last 300+ years have been leading to since the colonists left this land.
just fill the skull with minced beef?
Also the UK is a Dorito. Pls help.
I feel it's more of a Dorito.
I live in a house in England and the wiring I run mine through was first put in about 40 years ago. Works good.
A lot of dell office PCs have them wrong, and on laptops often its different for each side.
[You ain't seen nothin yet](http://puu.sh/twLzC/1003572dd1.mp4)
That's cool I'll accept one of those too.
When you buy RGB but can't feel the RG.
I love this part of using android, it doesnt need any drivers for file transfers.
That never actually got a proper PC release, if I recall. There was a mod that packed it in though.
why is this nsfw?
it had it on PC, which was the first version of halo online multiplayer
Really funny, but not really a game physics thing.
I would definitely suggest taking out things like the GPU and cpu cooler, as they are heavy and might be damaged. If possible, you'd be best off dismantling the whole thing, wrapping all the parts in boxes with bubblewrap and anti-static etc.
I absolutely loved rayman 2 and 3 but never really felt love for rayman 1, yet that's the one everyone harps on about 1. I've mentioned a few times off hand that "I'd like if they brought back "old rayman"" but then people are like "yeah but rayman origins le 2d" and it's too late because the conversation just turns into a rose tinted goggle fest. Origins / legends were very good games, buuuttt... Controversial opinion time: I *really* don't like rayman 1. Its arbitrarily difficult, as in not a fun challenge, just BS for the sake of BS. It's been a while but I remember too many blind jumps to off screen platforms, and enemies/obstacles that pop up on weird timings that are intended to just be found by trial and error, instead of avoided/reacted to.
I just think the worst thing about it is that wonky/jagged line, as if it's not been dragged into place properly. Looks like a model clipping or something.
That thing of being unfairly hard is what I meant. There are a whole bunch of parts which are designed to take a life from you before you can figure out how to avoid it, because the only option is "lol jump into it and die" and the only way I made progress was using an infinite lives cheat.
Holy shit. It's not a skintight printed leotard, and it's not photoshopped to hell. What sub am I on again? It can't be r/gaming.
Yep. A chihuahua snapping at someone is less likely to make the headlines than "PITBULL SAVAGES INNOCENT COURIER"
It usually defaults to the last folder you used for that file format.
I actually really like playing as the GSG9 Recruit. The MP7 and the Shotgun are really good, and you get T H R E E barbed wires. Edit - Ubisoft stole my toys.
Actually it was Ron Perlman who almost drowned. They were shooting the scene of them surfacing from the water, and he smacked his head into a bit of plumbing so hard he passed out and sank, swallowing water.
Try this guide. https://steamcommunity.com/app/22370/discussions/0/828937546147175081/ In particular, the following section usually fixes for most people &gt;Edit with notepad: My Documents\my games\Fallout3\FALLOUT.INI &gt;or &gt;C:\users\yourname\Documents\My Games\Fallout3\FALLOUT.ini &gt;This may appear as "FALLOUT" in windows explorer. IMPORTANT: DO NOT EDIT Fallout_default.ini !!! You're in the wrong directory!!! * find (control F) &gt;bUseThreadedAI=0 * CHANGE to &gt;bUseThreadedAI=1 * Immediately after this line, ADD this new line: &gt;iNumHWThreads=2
I'd absolutely love this game. I used to borrow my brothers copy using family sharing but they made it so you can't play competitive on a shared game anymore.
Which is developed by Machine Games and only published by Bethesda, thank fuck.
Hell, remember reading manuals while waiting for Xbox 360 games to install to the hard drive (install usually not necessary but it made the disc drive quieter and loading faster)
Big box PC games are a long lost relic which I miss sorely.
Ye olde DRM. Hold up lemme just break out the [code wheels](http://www.funstockretro.co.uk/news/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/375768-bt3_0087.jpg) to authorise this role playing game.
The "bombs" are clumps of compost and manure, so they are already "underground" even though they are just dropped on top of the existing soil. As the plant grows, it's roots will reach through into the earth, and the bomb breaks apart and just mixes in.
Close the game. The only winning move is not to play.
You can also generally use a controller for PC games. I'd be very surprised if destiny doesn't allow it.
THere have been shaders even better than " that graphics pack" since about 2012. On pc.
What I mean is he can alternate between the two as he goes, easing himself into mkb controls.
Because trans people are angels and can do no wrong.
The professional victim status we granted them is way better than they ever got in politics or tech debates, so they miss us.
Thanks. SSD Will be a consideration later, keeping the price down for now, and it's not hard to transfer stuff if I partition the HDD so windows is in a 120GB partition of its own for now.
That PSU is double the price on partpicker sadly. I like it too.
According to ASRocks website, its ddr3.
I saw the other build you put up, the cheaper mobo looks decent anyway, and allows for the CPU upgrade you and a few others suggest.
Also the various PS4 and Xbone consoles use a very similar processor, with just a relatively small clock speed difference between all of them. so the leverage thing applies cross platform too.
With what they're doing with the windows store apps and the play anywhere stuff, that doesn't seem too farfetched in the future for the Xbox.
Cpu bro fist? OCs fairly well with a Noctua cooler, I'm still playing brand new stuff at med-high 1080p and getting over 60fps.
Whoever he is, I wonder if he's happy with the possible 15 now?...
More users means more sellers, so the price is less over inflated on pc.
Can you right click on the black bit and try "new simple volume"? It will show up as a seperate drive in windows, but will work and wont affect the existing 2TB partition.
You can use a USB hub to connect more controllers. The controllers have to be able to connect via USB.
Hey, I'm winning 1 in 4 races. If it works, it works. Adding more stuff adds weight and that reduces my ability to steer once the thrusters are running, and because they're grouped, the thrusters are ALWAYS running.
You say that as if the xbone is any better.
Boobahedron.
With a lot of these displays, software automatically imports the logos/text from a brief sent by the distributors. If its laid out wrong, this happens, and people who set up the displays in store don't know or just don't care.
Just think it's funny console fans on both sides have these fights over 2 systems that are basically identical and both sub par.
What if I told you there was a system which made them both fish heads by comparison?
Source on the claim that MOST people use a controller instead of mouse and keyboard? Even then, I'd say that's an even bigger selling point for PC. Fuck if I wanted to I could run crossout with a damned guitar hero controller. It'd suck, but I mean I can use basically EVERY controller released. Plus the controller has nothing to do with the power of the system?
XIM and other mouse keyboard inputs for consoles suck though. They emulate the joystick movement with the mouse, so you are screwed over by the acceleration. And how is having more choice bad?
No it's just that you we're looking at it on a device that was too low res to show the full name and took a screenshot before clicking on it.
I especially like how the puush tool has been rolled into sharex, which is an amazing program which lets you upload to dozens of locations.
And you are unfamiliar with the term "porous rock"
Just make sure to stick it up there while it's still hot. If it cools down it will fill up with bacteria again. . ^please ^do ^not ^put ^scalding ^hot ^stones ^in ^your ^butt
10/10 for this, and now my little brother doesnt know how to turn my PC on so win win.
If politics is a circle, you go too far left or right you'll end up in the same place.
I've said this time and time again. Nintendo MUST have known about AM2R for years. the fact that they didnt issue any C&amp;D until literally just hours after the release shows their intention was maintaining brand protection, not to actually shut the game down. It has to have been a deliberate choice to let the game release.
As well as a donation page which "went to the forum, not the game"...
What i mean isnt that nintendo didnt think it was big. they deliberately let it get released before C&amp;D.
I'm playing maxed out on a 290 with one of the three fans broken, wtf kind of temps do you idle at?
That's exactly the difference.
This will lower your *core* temperatures for sure!
Jesus Christ those poor cards
But you can literally just install it on windows 7/10 just fine?
