The Chronicles of Sharkhead McGee?
*insert that one Power Puff Girl meme about being the most evil thing I can think of*
Tis a shame once you lost HCIM status you have to burn the shirt.
I thought that was the point to leaving it in? Personally used it for hide n seek events and treasure box hiding events.
Seems like she can cut Cruor and Fumus out of the equation entirely at that point.
I've always said there needs to be, at the least, one specially designated Jagex mod to play through every single quest and jot down inconsistencies, typos, redundancies and the like.
People value afk over exp rates most the time. Of course doing it the abyss way forgoes any potential loot and other such benefits of regular training. I personally prefer Slayer or bossing.
More slots for this and the presets in wardrobe would be great. I've taken to saving my color codes on a Microsoft Excel document.
This is how bots used to do Barrows back when they farmed it by the dozen. You can run along the wall near Araxxor straight to the Barrows.
This used to be the path bots took when they farmed Barrows to the ground. It was a... strange way to go about it and I'm not quite sure exactly why they didn't put invisible barriers or at the least make the area look remotely traversable.
There's also Heist for Thief and Hunter exp, since you'll only want to do the first 3 or 4 trade offers before the prices get extremely high. Additionally, Stealing Creations might be a decent third option.
More to the point, since Cave Goblin is going to be a subcategory for Inventor will that mean all Cave Goblins will be brought to a similar model type? So long as they all match I'm fine with the rework.
You never forget your first.
Jimmy and Billy Lee support your Double Dragons.
The Internet, where dicks be dicks and other dicks think it's funny when it really isn't.
&gt;.&gt; I've done over 10 on mine with only a single whip &gt;.&gt;
Good point, I expect EVERY White Knight in the entire city to have a party hat now.
There are other options, just not nearly as convenient.
I made a post about this about a week ago because people in my clan kept doing it; the replies were not very positive nor helpful.
Added, I'll list your stuff once I check it.
You are ground type with Sandshrew and Marowaks. I don't know the third because of how that works.
Iiiii need your Snubs if you would be so kind.
I don't have the garden you're looking for but I'll check yours for you and relay the details.
He has two antlers, duh. All joking aside, just one of those odd glitches.
The search is over, you win absolute best safari owner of all time.
China is known to have a relatively high number of bot accounts, stolen or otherwise, so presumably there is some sort of flagging system that picked up your case on accident. Contact the Jagex support to sort if out.
Yes, yes it is. No actual money was taken out from that.
Ayyye added.
Buckle up because here's a story; some pre-face, this takes place in 2007-2008 and I was, at the time, no older than 13. Ever since I started the game in 2006 I've had Questing, and subsequently lore, as my primary reason to play the game; this being the case, my stats and thus money making methods until I achieved my goal of all quests completed were very lacking. Come the latter half of 2007 it was announced that Summoning was coming to the game, a skill I was very excited for based on core concepts and of course a skill cape with a wolf icon was a good goal for me at the time. As I mentioned, my money making methods were severely under-par as I did not boss or skill efficiently and my primary source was clue rewards; that is, until I discovered a new money making method in the wake of trade limits and the Karamja task sets. My new method of making money involved my close knit group of 5 friends and myself hacking away at the brush on Karamja looking for Gout Tubers, an item needed for the task sets yet uncommonly brought into the game. Each Gout Tuber was worth, at the time, between 500k-1m coins and with proper timing one plant could be harvested by every person present! We made a good chunk of change in the month we did this method, and subsequently I gathered literally thousands of mosquito proboscis as a byproduct of our hacking away. By the end of December 2007 I had amassed well over 35k of these useless noses with the assumption they were just a pointless byproduct of our gathering; I eventually dropped them sometime before Summoning came out in January 2008. Going by the prices of just today 35k proboscis is 227m, back then they worth well over 525m not to mention the GP value was higher back then. TL;DR: Amassed 35k "useless" proboscis, dropped them on a whim assuming they'd always be useless, lost out on 525m gp in 2008.
I sure as sugar wouldn't have taken until 2011 to max most skills lol. Ah well, it's funny looking back but had 13-14 year old me fully appreciated that loss I'd have been mad.
You're an adventurer with a habit of stumbling into various shenanigans during your adventure. You train your various skills to achieve various goals and to better suit the adventuring lifestyle. It is possible to take on dangerous creatures in hopes of riches, among other methods to attain wealth. At the core though, it's a quirky game with several interesting and fun quests that lay out the backstory with a load of PvM and non-combat options available to try.
Neat
My goals have been, as they were met: *Quest Cape *All skills level 80 (for SC) *All skills 90 *All Tasks *Max cape *Comp cape *MQC I'd wrap all of these together as the MQC goal was not so much a grind but a summation of my existence in RuneScape; which I suppose boils down to one huge grind with quests in between for me. It has been, regardless of it's actual existence, the over arching goal I worked towards ever since I started playing nearly 11 years ago. The fact they finally made a visual representation of my efforts elated me to my core.
Unofficial #IronLuck
The maze part of SE is longer than the entirety of CoM.
Let us be real here. PvP has been on its deathbed since at least 2010. It's time to let it go.
Remove c wars req then they can add stats.
Looks like Fallen Nihil
Having a program play the game for you.
You'll need to wait for Christmas.
Yep, Nex's voice.
Counter point, you can unlock the Conquest rep and go below it with no problems.
The additional abs are only possible through intense training and also biology breaking.
They're super common and don't degrade to dust so they have a surplus. The real question is why they broadcast.
That was implied with the use of Edate.
Peacocking can't hold a candle to actual style.
The basic set up is the Summer Fun top (though the Beachwear top can be used as well, it's the same top but closed at the bottom), Gothic Legs, and Gothic Shoes.
Gotta love to hate a smug face
GWD1 items, for the most part, are actually above 500k each and disassemble into special parts. These do not.
Only the nostalgia blind remember the outfits of yesteryear as good. They were bad.
* For reference I don't actually edate, it's just poking fun at the trend.
Not going to lie, I'd prefer it not be there. I doubt most RS players have anything more than a 6 pack... of sodas.
To each their own I suppose.
That's typically the only way edates manage to work, but good to know your personal happiness can be affected by aesthetics!
I wish those and halo worked together...
I'd kill for a tiny crown that floats above our heads.
This is strangely satisfying to see, good job.
Oddly low amount of Z bows compared to G and S.
It is organized extremely well so that may be it.
I like where this trend is going and expect to see followups!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_jYWMUMSxE
Been making this joke all week in TS lol
Is nobody going to point out BlackWeeWee?
A buddy and I spent 10 (really 11 if you consider the 10 minute breaks every few hours) streaming non-stop Graador for no particular reason once. Was neat but we only got helmets and gloves the entire time.
Have it on my desk by Wednesday!
I just want the Guam, Marrentil, Harralander, etc. noted herbs to stop cluttering inventory when legend pet is set to pick up noted items.
I'll pull the ironman card for some of these herbs, but Ice Wyrms are a prime culprit on the higher end of things.
A good first cape; despite being comped myself I know from experience with friends who aren't as time devoted to this game how important achievements are regardless of how the current elitist mindset is. Don't let hecklers get to you.
Also just in time for Valentines day!
Didn't they disable walk and rest animations in PvP areas?
Conga walk hid items for some reason, it's probably for the best to do this with a clean sweep of all PvP activities.
It was doing it when actually equipped; they might have fixed it but this change ensures similar problems won't happen.
If its scale armour was colored with the defense cape colors it'd be a bit more RuneScapey
I'm thinking Godbirds for the color matching the theme, Runescape tends to go with the color themes.
Probably in a much darker place. The people I've met on here helped keep me sane through my early adolescence and I'm thankful for that.
Full FpF Outfit then talk to the FpF owner.
Supposedly planned for this year.
I could have swore it was on a master list somewhere but I am having trouble finding it; I'll keep looking.
Gotta find the strongest samples first!
https://www.reddit.com/r/runescape/comments/4lhh5q/tldw_187_runescape_in_2017/ This was all I could find on the topic, under Reworks it has Character Models as a topic; I'll look further because I know there was a small mention of it alongside something within the last year... I think 2nd expansion was the topic.
Afk killed a bat.
Region and Type dex sorting would be nice.
The irony since Instinct is the underdog
Goodness gracious look at the time!
I want this on my desk by April 1st
To this day I still don't understand why they didn't make all existing boots the lower value ones and make people pay for the new ones.
Literally just checked this myself. They won't be giving an exact end until closer to time. Usually the end of Jan.
The poison should be removed but the wiz given a bit more damage potential. Also combat triangle is why scythe failed.
It's easier to rally around hate than love. A fact sadly proven across the Internet. It'd be highly hypocritical if unwarranted hate managed to pop up for long without being made an example of, considering the show's core themes.
It's the type of lack-of-foresight that continues to be their folly to this day.
It's a close second but let's not forget the Pillar meme that SitW kept going for quite some time. BotD was also a comparable failure to the rest of its series, so yes it too needs a redo.
http://forgottenrealms.wikia.com/wiki/Gazer Very very common and old school monster type.
I have a snazzy Zoro from One Piece. When I get home I'll look for the picture
Snake logic; the babies are more deadly.
Would it make more sense and be more practical for all the abilities to come from Shattered Worlds? For a uniform unlock method; it just seems locking Ranged's equivalence behind Solak as to Magic and Melee coming from SW is a bit unbalanced.
http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/RuneScape_Wiki This right here, this is your best friend.
That would be nice; not really sure why they can't be equipped.
https://puu.sh/z3sfG/05d71c45ab.png I remembered this, a bit late but ye. https://puu.sh/z3sh0/e1e76afffd.png
What is this, a Bojack reference!?
Isn't that one on a timer? Are you thinking the MEP2 ones?
Wouldn't hunting Silverhawks make more sense?
A dwarven task set for a quiver-like bolt pouch would be fantastic.
If I had to wager, it's the teaser for replaying that.
Gimme a moment to pop on my iron, he has one; Filtiarn. I think his house is in Priff, do I need to move it?
On
59
All loot boxes are boxes of loot but not all boxes with loot are loot boxes.
I thought the legio souls weren't type specific so you can just murder the base swarm enemy.
This is what you get for growing organic. Pesticides would have cleared this problem up before it even started.
It's preferred to get it as close as possible but you don't really have to; it just transfers the extra to the 3rd phase.
The real question is why they haven't just moved them to the hair interface and be done with it.
I've had one that was literally two slides from done upon being handed it; not sure if they ever fixed that algorithm but it was neat.
It's best in slot whereas the others are not. Simple as that.
Marginally different circumstances.
They have in the past brought old TH stuff back, but it's not common. http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/Ancient_relic_(Smashing_Relics) Usually with this type of promo
Openly revolting peasants.
They did kind of Shonen anime cop out didn't they.
WTG Voidsealer Kags
Pm Wolfgod, I'll meet you in a moment
Higher odds with higher invention iirc
It took them something of 10 years to get us Priff. We can only hope by 2020
I got mine on my 12th kill, 97% enrage.
Break it down into bites. It's a long road.
I would be fine with Tuz having a threshold of 100 or 200 honestly.
Can't go wrong learning money spider.
As others have said, that is merely for Runescore.
There's concrete evidence that they said the 2nd chance Tuesday was only going away until the end of 2017; you're complaining about a problem that doesn't exist, them going back on a word. They, as of now, haven't returned to the same level of promo saturation as mid 2017 but by all means feel free to come back and petition if they do.
It'll be entirely themed of turning everything the player touches into bile. Because that's what caused the poison waste you see. It'll give 4k poison ticks to everything in a set area.
This is actually a pretty wholesome use of Reddit; I wish you luck, on finding your duck.
I thought that was just all the div alts?
I'd say most areas would be typical woodland/nature smell. The swamps obviously more of a rot/mildew smell going on. The Wilderness would be very ashen smelling. The desert would be interesting as it'll smell like a million burning monkeys as per the lore.
A good signal boost.
Means upvoted to boost visibility of the message. Also neat, yesterday was my Reddit birthday I guess.
You signed in wrong somehow because they don't wipe accounts this way.
5 caps and use aggro pots. You'll be sitting pretty.
!goodbot
Now we just need t92 shields... with 75% damage absorption... and also 2h variety that has 90% damage absorption.
Could be useful for Shat Worlds pushing.
Imagine how Shauny feels, since he's been gone a week. A week's worth of PR to answer!
*remembers 200 city quests is on that list*
Hey that's not true; I was pked a few times by some absolute pros when going for cHaOs title, took a lot of real skill to manage to kill a guy with 50 lp in full DH and Legacy mode! (The real skill was managing to catch me not paying attention or at 31+ for the dragon, gotta be faster than my teleports mwuahahaha)
Kind of miss the dragon t shirt ngl
It's sort of the gaming equivalent to rich people getting slaps on the wrist whereas a lesser person doing the same crime would get far worse. If they perma-ban everyone involved they lose a sizeable portion of the game's deepest cash cows; despite zero tolerance for knowingly bug abusing being a thing they've previously done.
Sunspear has flexibility as a drawing point; otherwise I suppose the offhand to whatever pair of dual-wielding you're using.
Get defense to 70 and you can use Bandos/Armadyl/Subjugation for melee/range/mage respectively, until then the dagannoth armours rockshell/spined/skeletal are the easiest to access power armour; melee weapon wise you could go for any of the melee barrows weapons until 75, at which point try to get a saradomin sword and 70 agility to swap it to the passive version; range wise, I believe you can make use of the increasing bow tiers until 60 then switch to a red salamander until you hit 70, aim for crystal bow access, Karil's crossbows, or black salamander at 70; for magic, I believe you can use an Elemental Battlestaff (the Master clue one) until 40, then you can use a mystic air battlestaff until 60 where you get the Toktz-mej-tal, optional use of mystic wand and orb at 50-60, Ahrims at 70. Training is less boring if you use Slayer, due to variety.
Can failing the limbs breaking in p1 spawn a scaled to how close you failed amount of blight reavers in duos? Having to redo the phase is in of itself a punishment for failure but 5 blight reavers at full health is basically an instant death.
In due time I'm sure a 100 in all skills, 110 in all skills, and 120 in all skills milestone cape will exist.
Saying it's a time gated, relatively tedious for what you get task... oh wait, that's perfect for Trim needs.
Presumably only to fit the Arc theme and not much more.
Yes
I honestly can't tell the two of them apart half the time because I don't go by looks or mechanics, I go by amount of pain in my ass, which makes them both identical.
100% they're obtainable, they're just rare.
The implication being the entire fight is barred from their use.
The ciiirrccccleeee offfff liiiifffeeeeee
I think it's unlocked at 86 Invention.
But I use that to power my invention guild machines.
It could have been worse with the original name Kalos. Both phonetically rhyming and also Pokemon region.
Ironically it's really out of character since most the shows overarcing plot threads are the result of him not asking questions or follow ups.
Steven would either fuse with Pearl after some sort of ex machina or Steven and Connie would have fused and just done the same caliber of fight as when Amethyst was poofed.
Save.
Every game is always a grind for everything. Just in RS it's focused on more content than "grind x raid for gear/items to grind next raid". I personally rose skill levels to do all quests, then to do all tasks, etc. until I reached the point where I'm two tasks (and Solak now) shy of Trim and have a side time filler of pet and title hunting. It's all in what you find you enjoy grinding and what you choose as your goals; that's what makes RS different from other MMOs, there's really no wrong way to play and there's something for every kind of player from casual to hardcore.
Well yea, KK is 50% sharks 49% seeds and the remaining 1% is mostly junk
... This explains why Pearl hates eating.
I forgot this was the scene this drawing I did was based on https://puu.sh/Az5KD/a345c893e9.jpg
Popular theory is it's like Lil Tuz. A pet unlock.
God stole and book of either arma or bandos whichever 1 of each though, zam god arrow, ring of devotion. Easiest set up to be aggro immune there at your level.
Competition for mobs is meant to exist and if you cannot exceed the top position in that competition nor find your own territory that's just how it is meant to be in an MMO. It's not the most ideal for the lower rung but it's how it's meant to be.
I was one crashed at slayer tower gargoyles by someone who didn't even have the smash perk unlocked while I was on my HCIM once just because they could; so I think it's just being a jerk to ironmen that's cool.
It's a moderately common occurrence; abyssal demons tend to give it frequently despite dropping diamonds as a standard drop rending it less impressive than usual.
Could a taunting/carroming switch be useful for p4 shadows? Just a thought.
Things above 80ish Slayer tend to have RDT chance out the wazoo so you'll see it a lot if you go on that 120 Slayer binge.
Been there many times lol. The kill for the 5th guy when I was going for the no-moving achievement dropped a signet as I died from a mistimed devo to barricade switch up at the end... which also didn't check him off the list so I had to do that fight again XD
Well yea
Already fixed
Non canon aside this only rules out being hetero; there's a lot she could be, just not straight.
If they died to PvP then they should obviously know their items are forfeit to the victor.
Email log in is a newer thing, old accounts still use old name; email is to make an entirely new acc on that email.
It should be accounts after a specific cut off point. It doesn't make sense in a before context because that's not how RS accounts were originally made, you had to link an email later.
Rumble Fighter used to censor the word Class, despite having a class system.
I chalk the redundant repeats as it being a show for children, so writers assume they're all braindead.
I don't remember that; refresh me. Edit- Oh wait, duh the Mask Island. It becoming watermelon home island completely overrode that entire memory for a moment.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that noticed that with Spongebob. Tom and Jerry had a similar dynamic where Jerry often just went out of his way to be a jerk and rarely got karmic retribution for it.
It's only a problem due to bomb format making any filler bad filler since it's without exaggeration months between these 5 episode chunks.
The shows pacing is too grueling because it's plot filler filler plot plot SIX MONTHS OF NOTHINGNESS
Out of all these this is the one I'm going to have to disagree with the most. The type of scheduling that gives us a few episodes then goes on months of hiatus is not a good model. Shows that don't actively need to adapt to week to week changes, let's use South Park as an example, can get by with not making entire seasons in advanced for reasons essentially stemming from animation quality cuts and story flexibility (South Park having vaguely constrained "arcs" and more or less social commentary otherwise.) With shows focused more on emotion depth, story arcs, and character development, let's use Bojack Horseman as the example here, entire seasons need to be made and put out in a set order with little room for significant rewrites or edits once the product is made and put out for view. But that's just my two cents; if I had my way shows would release entire seasons for view at once so I can binge the information at once, though I can see where that has its own can of worms for writing.
Hey she hasn't hated the Earth in several of her last few episodes; she just fears the Diamonds more.
Wiki says to search the stalagmites, though if that doesn't work you might try the gem puzzle again.
Shh, if they know another content from Dom Tower is being used it'll be nerfed like Dreadnips.
Save this one until you unlock lvl 10 then dismantle/siphon as normal.
And you're 100% sure it's not on your bookshelf in house?
It's Book of Binding on shelf.
Onion, got it.
I accidentally did this to a clanmate when I got 200m HP 2 seconds after they had hit 99.
I laughed but, you're not wrong.
The real question is where all the variants of Ruby or Sapphire outside the "pure" red and blue shades are on the whole "off-color" scale. How not-red/blue must one be to be considered not right?
Assume it was positioned like an umbilical cord... but also egg-like in that the part that would be Steven just sort of, stuck to the inside of Rose at that exact point of contact as it formed around the gem. Try not to imagine that too hard.
*sigh* I want Noodle's VA to VA Rainbow Quartz v2.
... The two Sardonyx's would make the ultimate Boke and Tsukkomi Routine.
The real humor here comes from the fact she must have assumed the other Diamonds would either set free or take care of her animals for her once she was gone; it's totally in Pink's character to not think that through AND to totally abandon her pets to someone else.
"Who cried a fountain and healed the whole world."
Look at it this way, 2 weeks is a lot of missed action in RuneScape. A perm ban effectively just loses a customer entirely whereas a temp ban and rollback gets the point across, costs time and earning potential, and sets a precident to be on thin ice.
I'd say the 900 hard mode kree on top of I believe it started at 1.5k normal mode onward was my dry streak mathematically; though my 2k Greg streak rivals it in terms of overall time and threshold factoring I suppose. The two and a few others that took a while balance out my 55 kc base pet at rax, my 12 kc 97% enrage Tess pet, and my 7 kc normal mode K'ril I suppose.
Last I sold one for was 120m about 2 weeks ago when Solak was on the horizon but, as he's not particularly useful to have hammer speced, it's probably dropped below 100m again. They float around 80-90m.
I personally use it to yak and hold excess restores since I stick at the hive for 2 hours at a time usually, and all her drops that are worthwhile are noted or spring cleaned/alched. It's an odd situation.
The trick is to not try and just casually hope.
Yes but sparringly; almost always associated with Morytania.
... Why would this ever be needed?
And those would do?
Also not sure how edible something that dissolves actual metal should be.
You take this outside and tie it to a tree right now!
http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/Boss_pets
Quite frankly I want a timer so I know when to expect other people to attempt and murder me. FFA's have that drawback but boy is it a quick reaper.
Yes.
Mute game sounds.
Is he not? It's literally not possible to solo so it should be there.
Watch out for his flames ;p
Now now, they could always dart a kill, do 2 or so kills in the 15 mins you can't get kc, repeat until title.
If any, I'd say the easiest one would be giant mole; pet is 1/500 on hard mode and the other items have decent drop rates or (in the case of the d2h) can be obtained off KQ or CE. Plus the title doesn't suck so that's a plus, "of the Underground" is a decent title.
*sigh* It is now that you've mentioned it.
I suppose efficiently you're correct; as little as what, 4? darts would be needed if you get pet in those 4 and a different cape each time + onyx (I think).
This is another easier route honestly. I believe the toss up between Chaos Element, Mole, and Kiln are the dominant possibilities. Almost makes me want to start stocking darts on an alt just to try.
I believe the White 2H is the longest 2h. Not much for girth. This is laden with double entendre and I'm sorry.
120 Summoning would take significantly less time to code than an entire skill plus it has the benefit factor of Summoning exp being ludicrously easy to obtain. At minimum 10 new familiars and 3 new pets would be required to fill that space comfortably.
Do you really want to deal with 30-40 minute fight cave runs?
It does
Magic only triumphs due to debuffs. Iirc a SGB is = to 4taa magic if you're keeping stacks on MDS, pair in a crossbow switch to fire off a bolt spec every min or so and it's essentially the same; even more so if everyone else is using magic as your range specific bleeds can add dps as bleeds of the same type don't stack.
Can't go wrong with Slayer, it also serves to accumulate money for other skills and trains your combats.
The real crime on pies is when that's a common one on ironman. Boy does that suck noodles.
I remember having the same goal back in 2006 when we had the original 3; always a fond memory to fill them.
I know a guy with severe arachnophobia that would love this lol
Arguably neither are memory strands ;p
It'd be nice if instead of just the title at 50 iterations of the bonus bot you got a different skin for cresbot if it's owned for every 10. It'd give something to work towards in smaller bits instead of one bit 50 chunk.
If it was lent check the collect interface at banks. I believe they do take items off perma banned accs but that might just be macro bans and the like, not quite sure.
T90 weps should soon stabilize now that every style has a t92 representation (with the exception of a t92 spear and crush weapon, and t92 crush and slash dual wield, also shieldbow but that's so niche it's not funny).
It's actually well known that they've put rares off banned accs on ge.
You use them with the memory stone things (name I've forgotten) then you basically toss those in the pool. It's not really a currency so much as another type of energy that can be put in the pouch for convenience sake.
Having trouble locating the info; I believe it was said on a video stream but it's been ages.
The name Memory Bud should be open, if anyone wanted to make an FC that'd be the name to use I figure.
Technical reasons prevent this from happening. Mostly animations.
Also each piece should high alc for around 120k each, so do that before it hits 0.
Slayer trains people not to share spots from either people yelling at them previously or it being inefficient. Sad but thats the mentality.
I have been using him as a follower actually! It's just hard to get a good angle with him on the floor and all.
I guess he meant to say retcons happen, but that's not a good thing unless handled correctly. I'll wait till the alpha lorehounds sniff out the errors and point them out.
I do love when people don't fact check.
Essentially 1/5th or so of the total investment.
Try walking through the the cave and out the rope exit.
*sells both d2d and daily reset token same day*
The Tool title certainly.
They're mad they can't log in to the same acc on both OSRS and Rs3 simultaneously.
Well, that's capitalism for you.
Isn't it guaranteed to switch every kill? Which is why instance is used, it resets to the default protect magic.
You must not be using fire magic at glacor, they're cake.
Lava noodle simply to get it done.
System flags, system tracks, reviews, and bans. It takes some time but it works about 100% accuracy.
On the genocide thing; it's a moral issue to not stoop to the level of one's enemy to achieve victory. It's the same reason Batman doesn't just lethal inject all the super criminals he puts in jail consistantly. As with all morals the interpretation and exercise of these things is entirely personal so I can see why you'd have no qualms with them fighting on the same level, but others see that same concept as abhorrent. In a real world equivalency this is why it is was agreed upon in the... Genniva Convention I believe, to not use grossly inhumane war tactics. War happens, it's inherent to the chaos of the universe, but how the game of war is played is a different story. That's my two cents. Personally I like all four characters their flaws and all. Bismuth is designed as an extremist example of antihero in contrast to the main set; she garners less sympathy from those who dislike the extremist part, her reasoning understood but not tolerated. Lapis is designed as an character unwilling to participate in further business with either side and struggles to cope with the decision to stay neutral or not; her reasoning is empathizeable anc while the Jasper situation with her was morally wrong they call her out on it and there's at least theres acknowledgement she knew what she did was wrong and genuinely felt remorse for stooping. Jasper was designed to be a counter thesis to Amythyst, as she's a member of the caste system that ingrained inherent borne superiority and demonized nonconformity whereas Amythyst grew without that system or belief; this makes example how circumstance and conditioning shape mindsets, this is why Jasper gets sympathy as she had the belief drilled into her from day 1. Peridot is in a similar vein as Jasper but was willing to be open-minded about the other point of view and changed progressively as she was given logical reason to, it wasn't a sudden heel face turn. Anyway, that's a lot of typing from a cellphone for a show aimed at kids so I'm going to hold future replies until I can access my computer.
If the whole destabilize beams thing Yellow can do is any indication, there's not much any lazuli could do with that power that would directly impact the Diamonds more than an inconvenience. Presumably, due to gem life not needing water, a lazuli uses the planet's natural water source to carve and shape it then takes the waters elsewhere to dispose of... provided the waters aren't siphoned of minerals and such. Either way, essentially the logic of a man with a pressure washer being technically able to do more damage than a man without, but his superior has near immortality and a gun.
Ironically you jumped to the conclusion that offends you; my post was to imply that's how it is, get over it. But go ahead and continue to think you're better than anyone Karen.
I wouldn't go that far, but it's the one we have and obviously it's working otherwise the business would have shut down because not enough revenue would have been generated.
Additionally, they now all come after you so slap combust on that one.
He's gonna yawn loudly out of boredom and pop up a warp portal.
They don't call him Lars of the Stars for nothin'
Thaler waste!
I was going to be angry until I saw your name.
Presumably the rarity of a 100%, but in that case they'd just need to pull an AoD and only require 1 dye, 1 third age piece, and 1 second age piece.
It works for both. Same sentiment.
Most places you'd see people are finite in resource and aren't shared typically. Other places long since have lost use, become instanced, or aren't used long enough exp wise to see people there regularly. Priff is still populated, and I imagine Menaphos should have people at the VIP zone.
I suppose the worst series would be mind destroyed via corruption, body destroyed by shatter, force fused into one of those demi clusters, then shattered and ground into pigment for a magic artpiece that is then incinerated.
From a meta example her powers are OP and thus writing her in as an active role would be story breaking. Thus they keep her slowly progressing to joining Earth's defense until she threats become too great she can't one shot them. IE the diamond situation has to loop around first.
Weirdly niche glitch really.
Shouldn't the instance end as soon as everyone is out?
If so, that'd mean more than likely a double KO happened.
Stray beam hits Sadie, Steven mourns, Sadie is immortal too now, happy ending?
Nah it's got to be something out of left field to keep us on our toes. It'll go as you said, Lars accidentally ruining/upstaging her and she goes on a self centered rant while Lars tries to be the rational one mirroring how the other acted before the music and space pirate developments; then they learn they've grown too different and Sadie has hooked up with Kevin.
This Reddit is full of edgy people hating on Fortnite lately. I think it's actually to the point it's hated more than Say Uncle.
It really should.
Desert god basically exploded and stripped the more jungle-like area into a desert. I'm too out of my head at the moment to fully clarify but that should be the bare bones.
Why not an updated texture like the firecape?
The fact they're basically two kids in an overcoat using this dynamic certainly explains the whole meat beat mania situation; they must have been having the time of their lives using both reflex and predictive movement for one possibly infinite goal.
Would have been more funny if at a random episode it just came out and poofed Amethyst before disappearing again.
*Episode stars out*
They should have better odds but not 100%.
Because it's ultimately worthless to the universe as a whole and admittedly worthless to the vast majority of the gaming community because RS mechanics are so abnormal that they don't translate to skill at really any other game.
Remember it takes by canon like 2 weeks to walk from Edgeville bank to the monastery on the hill. Though some graphics love for areas released prior to 2008 (though just uniform to one style everywhere would be nice) would be nice.
Probably the best use of time since resources are unused by nonirons.
Didn't it have the babies?
Best one yes.
Have fun never unlocking your phone again!
Correct
Technically chocolate is by proxy a plant so, an eggless cake is a salad?
And here I was, pked by groups of 6 people every 50 kills lol. Nice one
This was ages ago, pre-Hellfire bow (which I believe significantly cut down on people trying to pk there due to the advent of low risk hellfire users.
It follows
To be fair they're merely the more recognized and arguably worse versions of the fairytales, the tales themselves predate the brothers.
It's also odd they didn't put thaler rotation since it is a set pattern.
Just teleport to the lodestone, they'll never see you coming.
Also correction, all fusions work the same as Garnet. She's not special in the mind synch department she's just more in unison due to compatibility.
Kind of? But not really.
The real point of this bomb is to shoehorn in as many mixed fusions as possible while the two strive to fill that void. Like maladjusted humans.
*flashback to oyster planet, a planet inhabited by only oysters!*
The possibility of them just adding offhand corrupt and ancient variants made me shudder.
What with Altscape at incands I'm inclined to disagree with any of this.
Supreme ovl is close.
The reason cursed is better in theory is the danger assigned to it. Obviously if you remove that danger everyone moves there and the prices suffer further.
Honestly rather they take the extra time to come up with a good way to pull this off than do it half-heartedly and end up making the system worse. The easiest route would be to award pts for assumed membership time at the point of purchase, but that comes off with the same problem people complain about premier membership (the "what if I don't want to play anymore or don't play enough time to warrant this purchase" complaint. Obviously they don't want to do that route for whatever reason, so they have to get creative on how to make the system work.
It's a saying; like a wet blanket, a party kill, etc.
There's no financial reason to stop TH given it obviously makes money; they could and should just tell people it's not changing, those that don't like it enough to leave will and those that don't care or endure will.
I actively avoided Fletching being my 20th 99 simply to not taint the milemarker; Div had just came out so I made it 20th and fletching shortly after became 21st, pointless but ye.
It's just low-key elitist mentality from way back when it mattered; it eventually just became one of those RS in-jokes.
Woodcutting (though Quest Cape before that, if we count all capes of accomplishment)
Or a really bad pornstar name.
Idk money is money mang
The ol anime format
Oh no it's blue diamond!
I can't believe sapphire cheated on ruby with Steven!
Well I'll be
*insert sitcom romance subplot tumor*
https://puu.sh/AwkU2/d38fc385ed.PNG This was my list after I finished, how's it compare to yours?
Instead of bits earned at random why not use the same system that the elite outfits use; slap invention in there with fragments.
If all bots were banned the lack of resources they bring would create a about a 10% price increase, though most the items they bring in game are also readily available off mid-tier bosses (dragon bones mostly) or slayer; this is only a positive change overall. If all ALTS were banned Jagex would lose a sizeable portion of its player base as multilogging to multitask say a main and an ironman would be caught in the crossfire. Of course the economical impact they make is negligible outside of divination, most other skill or afkable content is less time efficient than bossing or slayer and very few can multitask more than two accounts easily for those activities. Overall the issue lies in how items are sunk from the game far more than how they enter the game.
Not an option yet.
Most likely your account was hacked and used to bot on either Rs3 or Osrs. If you can manage to get into contact with Jagex and provide them with IP and back up proof of it occuring during your inactivity there is a chance you can have the ban lifted with rollbacks and or the bot obtained items taken.
One guy did then bought a title specifically for himself called Robotically Efficient.
Unless they specifically changed it the citadel has always done this for wood and mine plots. It's the citadel tools or some sort of logic.
Well that probably WAS a bot
Pet rate is like, 1/500 for you atm, and you need it twice.
To be fair, quest cape takes the combined exp of over 2 99's now iirc, might be up to 3.
Better go get the ladder
If anything make them from Legios only.
Last time I dreamt of RS my brain kept scrambling memories of what I was doing on my HCIM and my Main. Lead to scenarios where my HCIM died to activites he would have had no business being at lol.
The Tool title should be trim comp.
Yellow Diamond seems to have poof rays that anything barring another diamond probably couldn't withstand. Beyond any diamond or diamond by proxy I'd say the strongest by brute force would be any fusion including a ruby and any quartz type gem, or even the possibility of multi type quartz fusions although that would likely lack a pragmatic mindset without a more balancing factor involved.
They'd adopt a dog that would be promptly ditched without any fanfare the next season.
Their lack of foresight with the Vorago pet is still funny in hindsight.
Well, at one point they did lol
You just gave me flashbacks to War of Legends, the Jagex hosted game where people had clans that required you to cap out your weekly buy limit on real world bought currency just so they could reliably stranglehold every good spot in the game. And it was a sit and wait kind of RTS ...
Clod machine
Technically IRL is always HCIM.
The boss pets aren't just scaled down models from what they've said; it's essentially remaking the entire model to match. I'd imagine Solak and his pet were side by side, as was Magister and his; the rest were all retroactive.
120-150m Solak Leech Fc then get over it.
Alchemy. You're thinking of alchemy.
I'll put it simple for the people in back. MTX are not going away, and only SHOULD be toned down in frequency or at the least be given a precise schedule for the repeated exp heavy ones. The entire problem most have with these is the pay-to-win undertones and that entire sentiment relies on how people PERSONALLY interpret how much value the pixels actually mean. If we're being frank here, the majority of RS players probably NEVER cared about their ranking on the HighScores and I'd wager the absolute minimum care about anything asides hitting their personal goals; that's just made easier with bonus and straight experience and yes, but the choice to buy in or use that sort of speed up is entirely personal decision and has no more bearing on anyone else than different training methods. Hitting the level cap on skills to access content at those levels is what most strive for and the more people at higher levels the better as it justifies more content for higher levels. TL;DR - It all depends on personal choice and personal arbitrary assigned values to inherently valueless pixels. It's a game, play it to unlock stuff to have fun or to do personal goals. Don't worry about what others do if it's not blatant cheating or bug abuse.
I'd make Salt in the Wound a better quest.
It's never really about concern over the game's longterm health so much as "wha wha that person has more exp than I do and spent their money to get it whereas I had to spend tiiiimeeee".
A huge amount of that was bots. The other half is natural decline due to age.
Couldn't be it's a 15+ year old MMO with little to no marketing in a market that is quite frankly saturated.
Aren't both properties owned/published by Nintendo thus less criticizable for formula copy?
Shiny Eevee would give me so much anxiety as to which to make it; Espeon or Umbreon for the sure thing or roll the dice for that Vape? Or save it for the gen 4's?
I need to go back in time with this for all those "GUYS WE NEED MOUNTS!!!@!@!@" threads.
In the same vein, the same time Pulverise achievement works in story mode.
Literally 90% of the dungeons are supposed to be asset reuse; that's why we get 3 of them in short succession. It's a good thing cause it lets the world building be a lot better than it could have been otherwise.
They're druid inspired; druids have a split faction I believe on whether or not they should continue to revear Guthix unlike how he intended or to follow his wishes and teachings rather than him as a god. These are from the rouge faction that are still militant in their belief in Guthix.
I figure they can't be much higher than 1/25.
Curiosity mostly. It's a big drop and I'd like to know what they were doing when they got it. Did they kill QBD? Did they kill a random goblin?
I'll say
It's on a weighted curve I believe; so if you got phenomenally unlucky it gives you better chance at bigger from that I believe.
Do all quests, then all the exploration tasks aka the achievement diaries.
What would make sense is expanding outward into the ocean and moving the bears into a forest spot there. Because I'm sure there's some use for them that removing some spawns would disrupt.
Plus story is important.
Always on chat mode. Toggle it from the global chat menu.
Lower bloom setting helps.
Lorewise you would very much not want metal nor celestials. Metal dragons were made part pouring molten metal into a dragon egg part magic and celestials are basically thrown outside the confines of space and time thus insane. White dragons though... if they made it super rare implying that the genetics were very very dormant could be possible though.
They've said after mobile for eons now.
The 4 top boxes have 100% guaranteed loot.
Add "chromatic" traits, blue, red, green, and require a 3 trait royal to possess all three. Trait being "is slightly more *insert color*"
You get coal.
It wasn't very popular. It really really wasn't.
The other side of at least the Eastern Lands, the west side of the east.
Straight to the point.
Not bad
Well good thing it can also pull in gold ore!
I bestow to you the best of lucks.
Legit question tbh.
Nice
This would be normal LotD. Elf if for skilling.
The necklace equal to lotd. It gives rdt chance when gathering skills are trained so it plus lotd can give hsr chance.
They stopped?
It increases your maximum lp total iirc. It just won't rise you to that because the Replenishment one does that iirc.
Bannable because it's fraud.
People typically don't complain openly when they're banned knowingly in the wrong.
Phat prices are relatively controlled by a niche community since ge value no longer relates to them.
A what beating?
Shouldn't have opened it early then.
Why isn't the achievement swaginkin...
It's the same image but lava instead of water.
Double dip. There are hundreds ran by a few choice groups and they certainly have the computer rigs set up to run numerous accounts simultaneously. Hell, some legit players can manage to run upwards of 5 accounts simultaneously at things such as incandescent energy with little effort; magnify that by the power of automation and you have how modern botting works. Rarely is it the solo player doing the botting.
A fresh take on this meme so here is an upvote.
That's killer, would be the best for afking during a college lecture.
Good question, I always ignored it but it has gone this way for far too long.
Most people do boss level pvming. Rax in specific isn't particularly hard to get in to. But even Heart and Gwd1 bosses that aren't Telos and Nex can make the cash in a couple of hours.
Iron plate bodies, in particular, are used for Summoning.
DO WANT
As of now, it requires a specific amount of &gt;wins&lt; to unlock the chance to receive these items from the respective minigames; could the unlock condition be modified to playing (I.e. making it to the actual rewards/loss menu) instead? The time would still be roughly the same for actively unlocking the items and the condition to receive them would still remain a chance on win only, it would just cut down on the time wasted if a round is lost or tied.
Daily keys cannot be stocked up under any circumstance, and should be the first that are used out of any keys should you have saved key from buying.
Solak.
Thaler is really not for these. There's a glaring trim req that goes towards.
All that gold weighing it down.
I knew this map better than my own town by my second week lol
Slayer + Charming Imp. Gold charms are completely worthless after like, 70 though. Crimson and Blue are the best two.
https://puu.sh/ADfix/847f243c22.png Yar me too, though I had it from the original event
Yes? Anywhere that isn't strictly instanced will always have the NPC scripts running regardless of if anyone is there or not. The game is constantly running even if nobody were to be on the world at all.
It's not Jagex's fault that Facebook and really all Social Media is a cesspool for this sort of thing.
It can be very worse with numerous herb seed drops.
If they are unused maw born enhancers they should stack in the bank by default unless you activate them, which is solved by deactivating them. This only applies to full enhancers, ones made with unfocused are halved by default and thus unable to be deactivated or stack. A satchel to store up to 100 of each UNUSED enhancer wouldn't be too bad a concept, alongside allowing partials to be combined into fulls for the sake of deactivation and storage.
They addressed this on the release of the keys for quests concept. If they gave out the 500+ keys that would be owed it would have a much larger impact than players imagine. And that they are 100% not going to be retroactively giving out keys under any circumstance so it's not up for discussion.
Yes. It's better to save them as unfocused until needed. I personally have a stockpile of both focused and unfocused Castle Wars ones I've cultivated over the years.
So what you're saying is world hop until you find it then? Gotcha.
Actually, that policy was only held by the original founders, the Gowers. It long since stopped being applicable to the company as a whole and cannot be used against them now since there's been at least one full leadership change since that policy was made.
So in other words potion packs that convert the component items for potions into a box set that can be unnoted. I can see that being a good idea so long as it only applies to a handful of potion types; it would make bulk buying quicker all around. Up the ante with combination potion packs as well.
If the ones in charge decided they want to remove TH then they could make it so. There is no reason for them to do so though as it's shown to be more profitable than not and that makes the investors happy. RuneScape is an old game and barely draws in newer players as the MMO community as a whole is a waning genre; mobile might help pick up the slack, as OSRS boomed with mobile's release despite it being projected as a temporary boom in the vein of Pokemon GO (trends don't last forever).
The pirate quest line is the best example of the typical RS humour brand. A shame people miss out because of spacebars.
As someone with one task off trim, had MQC on launch, and is pet and mask off Nex title; I suggest doing MQC first, it's easier but honestly only due to the fact Trim has a few more RNG based tasks plus the lengthy Castle Wars task. MQC has a built-in teleport that takes you to the Glacor cave granting that damage boost at Nex, which you can do as a spacer between Trim tasks to break the monotony.
Technically we are long passed RS5
Edgeville rebuild could be a basis for repairing the... Varrock slums, Burge de Rott, the ghettos that are Myreditch, west Arrdy, etc. (Spelling bad cause on phone and can't look up proper spelling easily.) Use a combo of construction and other relevant skills to repair buildings for experience and some one off rewards. It may require the areas to receive a graphic rework for both before and after but these areas are due for modernizing anyway.
You're also getting loyalty Pts, cosmetics, an aura usually, plus an extra daily key. It still adds up to better value.
You got the items but I believe they got the top dps in this situation. Not quite sure on how priority on procing works but numerous times my lotd has shone in LS for the drops of others.
You know never bothered to see if the different forms had different component chances. good to know for my iron
What is it?
It can be criticized but ultimately they didn't have to uphold promises made by others.
Goblin transformation potion from Land of the Goblins.
Two 10 dollar cards is also an option but less practical.
Someone mentioned game cards, I believe they work just as well on both versions..
Shipping might overflow their limit. It's fairly high depending on region.
You often progress through 70 to 80 in no time but cost practicality you could stick with Barrows gear. Though Bandos is better.
I'm far more charitable and give out money or items to people who need them fairly often, if I have the excess to spend. I'm not a money hording kind of person so unless I absolutely need something I tend to spread out my assets to those who could use it more. In the real world I don't have as much potential to shore up my assets thus I'm a slight bit less giving. Though I am a strong believer in hospitality so that's a slight subversion when it comes to guests in my home. Basically, in RS I'm less likely to follow my "take care of personal needs first" mindset.
Offhand Arma c bow, which I believe means I have a pair now.
Weapon diversity is in the works. Makes each type of weapon have unique traits.
Bots crashed them all hard. Hammer was around 30-40m last I heard.
The upgraded version was when you finally got to Heroes Guild and could do the same thing to that blue dragon in the basement.
So since this was found, any oooooother easter eggs or similar floating around that we never knew were hiding?
They probably were using the coil which is a magic cannon basically. The easiest route for bunnies are the clusters northwest of the lode
Please no, that'll lure me back there and I've done my time getting the trim req lol.
Option to mute follower sounds would be lovely. Also option to only hear like... notification sounds like LotD and GotE procs would be nice.
You are correct. Though those laws won't solve anything and actually hurt the cause.
Best advice is buy items and wait until the dexp weekend in February. There will be a deposit box on one world at least usually all weekend so it's a constant exp boon.
Invest in at least tier 80 to 90 weapons for all 3 2h
It doesn't give the illusion of the wheel roll.
I'd say prayer before herb then. Ss extends trips damn near everywhere.
Plus along the way that sweet sweet temple trekking for silver bars etc.
Panic sell houses
Padded wall to wall and solid white?
The real problem is they coded the wheel part in when nearly everyone toggles it off.
Which is bad despite the good intentions.
Nonmembers after a certain time don't show up on the HS. Also unused accounts for long periods of time, sometimes after a few years, are stripped of username and have to choose a new name upon logging in. These are measures to declutter the HS and release effectively dead names to the world again.
Just have to rewrite the whole no horses running joke now.
Well, either way it came from a toxic cesspool.
All they have to do is log out.
It's moderately annoying we haven't gained the ability to transmute between keystones with the aid of divination. Curious still secundus should be closest to respawn but oddly isn't the most expensive key despite being the closest to primus in mechanics.
Oldschool I'd imagine
Defense is a boon for hcim. Frees your pocket slot from Sign of Life.
Reasoning being alternate clients are invasive to the code so they don't want that happening on RS3. I believe the same system that detects bots also detects client invaders.
Silent like in knife.
Because the majority of their player base uses modded clients because of an ironic hypocrisy regarding quality of life changes.
Take note that OSRS has ALSO been heavily updated so it would have things unfamiliar as well.
You have the Sextent, Watch, and Chart toolbelted right? Or a meerkat familiar out.
The only times iron has been a pain so far in regards to materials for quests has been the extra crafting and mining needed for crystal flask for The Light Within and the change from manta to rocktail for one Arrdy task.
Main and offhand have 1 gizmo slot, 2h have 2. Aftershock 3 takes just enough components that mixing anything else is almost assured to result in not as3 thus wasting a little over 20m. You could put as3 on the offhand but you switch that for shields so it would conflict with aftershock.
Luckily spicy stew can be +6 so, cheeeeeeese it
I still will never understand why they gave Edd the dumbest expression for this.
*sigh* Honestly a 10-15k teci "raid reset token" wouldn't be the worst idea; possible even tradeable if you make them 25k teci each. The logic here being that's a decent amount of raids to obtain and market value would have to sit somewhere below the price of a codex and the price of "red portaling" pieces of achto/inferiors thus a natural trade off. It'd be for the express purpose of achto farming without the wait since it certainly wouldn't be practical to buy for any other reason.
Name it Kevin and be surrounded by three Eddimu.
Plus the porters thing.
Bury me, bury me.
You can also opt out of it permanently so...
Lordy
Option to turn off clues exists in one of the settings menus.
Idk if it's the near trimmer and active MQC owner in me but 22 hours isn't too much time. Though it should certainly degrade to broken and be repaired with gp, scale/energy, and ed scale/energy as a 3 way sink.
Bright side; phats are worth a ton here.
Presumably when someone hit the cap. As to why it's 200m that's a different story I can't remember the answer to.
PvP worlds still exist?
I believe with the M&amp;S rework all the t92 armours will get some sort of other perk but I do not remember if that's through the grapevine or not.
De stabs ;p, they're going to prison.
I only recognized the shake one.
Wait... they put a new episode on Xmas eve? Weird scheduling.
There's something ironic about an iron man being the one thing that is tradeable.
I just assumed they were general references to the preexisting sayings.
Alt1 made it so you can do it all yourself. The only purpose of multiple people is for max medals per round but it's almost essentially nullified by the booster tokens from Maw and the need for tokens after the 500 medals.
No lie one of my friends asked why it was called that before.
Correct. It is forever.
Slayer ring should not let you skip to the end without first defeating the boss.
Don't worry, you'll have both there soon enough.
If you think they didn't instantly sell that phat you're mistaken. They don't do item returns anymore.
Okay this one, this one is bad lol
If only the collective sum between the guys I went to middle school with were somehow piled together... They all used to "pk" back in the day so they had stacks upon stacks of these boots, I'm sure their old accounts had 100s.
Spoke it right into existence.
https://runescape.wiki/w/Tyras_helm there is a better helm
You're preaching to the echo chamber of screeching.
The game is fine and Prem is always worth buying.
Most only want the placeholders, the rest are bandwagoning on drama again to stir the pot. Nothing new for the echo chamber that is Reddit.
The Office; Jagex.
They're shelved. That means they aren't being worked on. They're shelved because other things take priority like mobile and the ms rework. None of this is new information.
AoD and Solak are the team bosses atm.
No, it's permanent content.
The rumor mill is a dangerous place.
I for one cannot wait to begin my rule like the Overlord anime.
Yes. A future and an enevitable end as with all things. The end isn't remotely close though.
You can't buy your way to the lamps so it's completely different than TH borne exp thus does not undermine ironmen. If lamps were a problem then all exp lamps from everything and all other exp drops from DnDs would have been disabled.
Why of death instead of life? Don't life heal you more? I thought the abysmal damage death dealt was outweighed by the healing from life...
Clues became too good to do a weekend for.
Interesting, noted.
It isn't true. They don't delete accs but do strip names from really old accounts that aren't used, the log in name is the same but you have to pick new username.
