There's always going to be that one guy who shotguns the good craft beer, that's why you always bring a crappy flat of Molson dude.
Put it something like a septum clicker to make taking it out and putting it back in less of a hassle.
If your building has 4 meters, then it also has 4 panels. It is strange that all 4 of these panels would be in an area that isn't accessible to you, is there a portion of the building that you aren't able to get to? It's really difficult to wire a duplex, triplex or fourplex incorrectly and cross wires over. You don't just haphazardly jump from one room in one unit to another room a different unit. It's just not something that is going to happen very often. You said that you check voltages at all of your outlets and were able to roughly confirm that 8 of 9 were on a single 120v leg of your panel, probably not a big surprise because with that few receptacles, they are honestly probably all on the same circuit. Things you haven't taken in to account are lights being in the other leg of your panel. What about large plug-in appliances like your fridge? Or did you pull it out from the wall to test the voltage? Kitchen hoodfan or Microwave OTR, dishwasher, washing machine? It is EXTREMELY unlikely that there is anything wrong. The only thing I could see being an issue is the ungrounded outlets and your electronics.
They say that until there is a fire and guess who the first person to get a finger pointed at is going to be.
Again, those are HOME speeds, you can get way faster speeds for businesses because you're needing to possibly provide Internet for hundreds of employees, not just 4 people
State of the art machines.... AMD processors and 8.00GB of RAM with no mention of MHz.
I have a friend who despite finally agreeing with me that it was Laurie after weeks of arguing with him that there was no 'r' at the end, still just says Laurier. This was probably 8 years ago. I don't know if it's out of habit or just to spite me.
Seeing as there is no 'i' between the 'v' and 'ous', no it isn't.
It's just because we have the Internet now that it seems so consistent. Not saying that it makes any of it justifiable, but you get national and world wide news now, instead of local only.
Weapon checks are pretty much standard now to make sure nothing is sharp, or real. And you get a bright zip-tie or something similar attached to said weapon.
The old brown is 219, reddish brown is 192.
*sips root beer*
If only I had a bunch of white croissants to make stone statues at the top of all of my buildings like the Parisian Restaurant.
Ya, I hadn't thought of that until after I edited my response. At least it's only 1 piece that is wrong then!
Edit: double
Based on the picture, it looks like the majority of your house is fed with multi-wire branch circuits. This is 2 hots with a shared neutral. The thing that you will want to look for are quad breakers. There will be 4 handles on them, a pair in the middle tied together for 240V, as well as a single15A on the top and bottom. You do need to make sure though that you aren't putting too many circuits in your panel, on the sticker on it there should be two numbers separated by a slash. Based on the panel schedule picture you posted, your panel has 30 breaker slots, so the number should be "30/XX". The second number is the maximum number of circuits you can have in the panel, you aren't allowed to exceed that number. Edit: the part number you'll want is HOMT1515215, you can swap the last 3 numbers with 220, 230, 240, or 250 to change the rating of the middle 2 breakers. You can also change the first numbers to 2020 to have single 20s depending on your needs.
What does the left side of your panel look like? It looks like you have a couple more tandem breakers over there that could possibly be changed to quads to make room. It also looks like the bottom right breaker is a 2-pole 20A, but both wires are black, are you able to confirm that those two black wires come from separate 12/2 cables with independent neutral wires?
ITT: people who don't know the difference between a spoiler and an airfoil.
The lights going through Kensington all the way up to the University is a completely separate problem. As much as it slows down traffic a bit, southbound doesn't bottleneck anything close to as badly as northbound. They need to look as sinking Crowchild through that whole corridor through Kensington and designing similar to how Glenmore is now.
Any deep fryer that I've seen or owned in the last 10 years has a magnetic cord attachment on the back of the unit so that if you pull the cord, it just comes apart at the magnet, takes barely any force to detach them. Until they make the countertop mounted plug boxes cheaper and I find a builder that won't make me pay for the hole in the granite, the only island I would put one on top of would be my own, and that's just because I think they're cool, not that I find them necessary.
62-202 (2) - A manually operable control for an electric heater in a bathroom shall be located at least 1m from the bathtub or shower stall, this distance being measured horizontally between the control and the bathtub or shower stall, without piercing a wall, partition, or similar obstacle. (3) If the condition in Subrule (2) is not practicable, a manually operated control shall be permitted to be located not less than 500mm from a bathtub or shower stall provided that it is * (a) protected by a ground fault circuit interrupter of the Class A type; or * (b) supplied by a Class 2 circuit operating at not more than 42.4V peak or DC. Don't see any mention of a sink in here.
We got ourselves a good old Canadian fight going on here. I'll meet you for a hockey game in the Tim Horton's parking lot in 15 minutes so we can truly settle this.
Bathroom vs. washroom. Every single **bathroom** code exists because of the tub or shower, not because of the sink. I'm going to get a picture of a panel located right beside a toilet in a washroom just to make you pull your hair out.
Of course I'm a little angry. Multiple other people are arguing against you, multiple codes have been brought up showing that you are wrong, direct definitions from the code book for the differences between a washroom and a bathroom. And you're still just like "Meh, not in my opinion."
I've never had an issue with my Telus 50, but I'm on fibre too. Are these your speeds on wifi? Or LAN?
He's just going to either find a scabby master whose willing to ruin his reputation for a few extra bucks to pull them for him. Or just not pull a permit when he should.
I heat gunned 2.5" just last week, just had to kick it over to a wall by about 4 inches so I could transition it to EMT. Can confirm that it took a solid 45 minutes to get it warm enough.
Might want to check the StanData, had more than one thing from there turn up on a test while in school.
This situation with both trailers and food trucks has been a pretty common question over the last few months. Run as much as you can off of propane and minimize your electricity. It's not really feasible yet to live off of 100% solar with the need of MASSIVE battery banks. You could easily run all of your lighting off of it by making sure it is 12 LED, and a few general purpose outlets to charge phones and stuff. But you're not going to be able to put in full sized stove, fridge, microwave and dishwasher in that thing, it's just not going to happen. Propane fridge, propane stove, everything else is an unnecessary luxury. Use laundromats to wash your clothes, hand wash your dishes, a microwave is almost a guaranteed no as almost all of them are 1000W or higher. If you really need a TV or computer, look at a small 3000W generator, you can get some that are pretty quiet nowadays.
Pretty sure that 50% of the posts on here from homeowners have them referring to breakers as fuses, or at least calling a breaker panel a fuse box.
I'm actually pretty impressed they were able to get it squeezed in to an octagon box.
Splice and pigtail all the things!
Generally that Velcro is to wrap the cord up when it isn't in use... Also, I've got a pretty big power hogging laptop and the power adapter is rated for 2.25A input, and 9.5A outlet. Smaller units generally have closer to like 3.5A output. To compare that being wrapped in Velcro, with wrapping 8x power home runs that could be pulling close to 100A of power if most were under nearly full load with Velcro, is pretty ridiculous.
If you punch or drill a hole and put in a plastic bushing, you are perfectly fine to run romex. How do you think you're supposed to run cat5 or coax through steel studs when you can't get them in as an armoured cable. Same rules apply.
No, not for temp, this is the permanent install, panels tend to be a little more industrial looking over here in the US/Canada. I wish our panels were cleaner looking and mostly plastic like other places around the world.
As long as they don't get worn for days at a time without cleaning, they shouldn't cause any problems.
They all need to be interconnected in Canada too. But you are able to get wireless ones now that only need a 120V power source, and you pair them to talk to each other wirelessly. I would also call a local inspector. I'm in Alberta and got an email about 2 months ago saying that we're going to be required to have a detector on each floor, PLUS one in every bedroom. Also, any detectors on a floor that have bedrooms, or some form of gas burning appliance (fireplace, stove, furnace, etc), need to be smoke/co combination detectors. You also need an extra one in your furnace room if it is framed separately from the rest of the living area of the floor it is located on. Edit: I'm not sure if your house has a basement, you didn't mention in your post, but if it does and you were hoping to get away with not having to add one down there because you weren't doing work down there, be completely prepared to be asked to add them in the basement too.
Your ground and bonding system needs to be a completely interconnected. You can't just add a new ground in the barn without it being connected to the house. If you were to get a surge or major ground fault, the fault could go through the ground and up through the other ground at your barn and completely mess up either one of these units. There have been lots of problems over the last number of years because guys aren't properly being taught when to bond, or when to ground. So they just pound a ground rod in because they think it's protecting their equipment, and it's because of the ground rod that their equipment ends up getting ruined when something goes wrong. Under ideal circumstances, you should be putting a small sub panel out there, or at least a 15A circuit that you can bond to, or when you're running your Ethernet cable, run a ground wire in the same conduit, because you shouldn't be direct burying Ethernet cable anyways.
Have you properly paired up the remote and receiver in the ceiling? On both there are usually 4 dip switches to match up the frequencies. The idea behind these is that you're technically just supposed to hook up the fan receiver directly to 120V power instead of a switch leg, and control the unit with the remote and ignore the switch. But you can also get wall switches that can pair with the receiver as well. I've gotten so many calls from owners saying their fan stopped working because one of their kids opened up the remote and had hit a dip switch and changed the frequency.
You want to use the existing light box as a junction box, leave it there because it is also being used for your door chime transformer, that is what the unknown device is. Just need to splice a new wire on to the wire that is going to the existing light, white to white, black to black, all 3 grounds together. Use the proper wire knockouts and clamps on the sides of the box and get a round blank cover for it, don't leave the box open.
Besides buying isolation transformers, you're basically out of luck unless your boxes are secretly grounded. I'm pretty sure it was the 1968 NEC that finally changed to requiring a ground on receptacles, so anything prior to that might have a ground wire to the box, but wasn't required to the receptacle. As for adding grounds to all of your receptacles, it's a huge pain, and yes, 99% of the time it's going to involve wall damage. What usually gets done nowadays is to add a GFCI outlet at the beginning of the circuit, and have all of the receptacles downstream of it on the load side. When the GFCI reads a difference in current on the hot and neutral, it cuts out, assuming it's going to the "ground" that you don't actually have, but this doesn't help you against surges.
Can I somehow find you IRL and give you a hug for this asset?
Can you take a photo of the nameplate? Is the equipment able to be hooked up with 208v 3-phase or 240v single-phase? Usually the nameplate will say both but the 250v falls under the +/- 10% that most equipment is rated to handle. It just seems strange that a piece of such expensive equipment that can be hooked up to single or 3-phase, wouldn't be able to take a slightly higher voltage, which is pretty common nowadays.
From the factory, the receptacle and switches should be pretty much the same distance out from the wall as the front of the faceplate, as long as you have the same brand devices and faceplates. Sounds like you're just extra picky about stuff like this, which is fine. But just remember that you can always tighten them a little more, but once you've over tightened, then you've got to take the whole thing off to bend the ears back.
Or you know, they hit the reverse button.
I don't get why this is always a question regarding dental work. They shoot your mouth so full of novacaine that you could bite your tongue off and not feel it. Everyone dreads root canals, I finally had to have one last year, didn't feel a thing. Got all 4 wisdom teeth pulled with nothing but novacaine on February, took longer for the freezing to take full affect than it did for them to pull the teeth and sew me up.
The tester could easily just pick up some voltage being induced on to the ground wire with that many wires all coming through that tiny space. Can I ask why you took all them apart in the first place? I'm assuming there was a light there previously that you are replacing with the fan, and the wires were all nicely twisted together with wire nuts.
That's exactly how it works, just plug in wherever. Only problem is that there is no larger pin for a neutral prong, so anything polarity sensitive might not work 50% of the time. Also the obvious no ground.
I blame Glee.
The spray foam usually comes with a small plastic hose that you can stick through the hole, you can't expect to fix this and NOT get ANY in the box, it's just not going to happen. Once the foam dries, just pick out what little bit does end up in the box.
Its the same thing here in NA, but that's not how the game works. If you've got a road that only allows buses, then only buses can use it. You can't put in exceptions.
Lego online store has the First Order Snowspeeder up with an estimated ship date of January 16, so maybe around then?
At least this is something in the news other than "hey guess what, oil is still dropping and the economy still sucks, just in case you thought it would be any different than 3 days ago".
There is absolutely nothing wrong with having a Nema 10-30R for a dryer, you have a hot/hot/ground run to the dryer, and instead of a separate neutral, you bond the neutral to the ground at the dryer itself. It's perfectly safe, and meets code. Source: licensed journeyman electrician. Between this and your post in /r/electricians, you seem like the biggest pain the ass tenant, and all you're going to do is piss off your landlord. You can't honestly expect all 125 million homes in the US can be expected to be brought up to the current NEC every 3 years when they update it, that's absolutely absurd.
For the Sharp Angles mod, you need road anarchy, and it allows for overlap on roads like this at the same height, but you still need no pillars mod for stacking.
I use both No Pillars and road anarchy, I find that I don't use No Pillars quite as often anymore, because of it, but there are certain times when I do absolutely need to (like building elevated train tracks overtop of a road for downtown trams). I still get the problems with the weird zoning with the No Pillars, and just have to fix it afterwards. The worst thing is when you accidentally leave No Pillars set to overlap instead of collide, and you don't notice until you start zoning a bunch of houses on top of your roads. Just have to fix it afterwards, I don't think there is any way for the mod creator to change it. Road Anarchy is what highlights the road blue when you will be colliding.
That's a ruling here too, but 1.5m, so a little less. But inspectors allow it for the panel feeds only. The code says exposed wiring requires mechanical protection through conduit , or by some other means. And they consider the fact that the panel is in a mechanical room that people rarely go in to, an acceptable form of "other means". The wires can't get damaged if they are somewhere where no on ever is.
Reading the box, it looks like it's just named "resistance xwing fighter", also a piece count drop of 300 compared to Poe's xwing. I'm sure one will come out eventually, but this seems to be a horrible Photoshop job kept at a low quality on purpose.
Well it would technically be "grains of rice", just like "lego bricks".
If you change all of your off ramps to the actual single lane offramp, instead of a 2-lane one-way road, all of that traffic should start using the middle and left lane, instead of just the left. Because you used a 2-lane road for exits, this turns the far right lane into an exit only lane, and the middle lane in to an "exit or straight through" lane. But because of how the AI works, even vehicles that are going straight won't use the middle lane because it can be an exit lane. All you need to change is the first section of the exit though, then keep the rest 2-lane. You could also download an improved AI mod, and it helps greatly.
I absolute love vip's customer bridge, but I almost threw my mouse across the room while trying to terraform and line two of them up close enough so that it wasn't noticable. Something with roads right in the asset would be amazing. But annoying that you couldn't change them at the same time.
You should be able to find it on the exterior of the house somewhere, unless it got covered by siding or stucco. If it's an older house, it probably goes straight to where the main TV in the living room was, and no where else.
You must value your time at like $5/hr if you think the $300 in savings is worth the time you're going to waste doing this.
&gt;* bond water heater pipes in garage, Bare #6 is pretty expensive (or at least not cheap) &gt;* correct "double lugging" in breaker panel, Depending on how many are double lugged, this could require as many as 10 new breakers, and if the new require AFCI, can cost up to $30 each &gt;* install three GFCI outlets in kitchen (replacing existing non-GFCI outlets), If you've got kitchen plugs fed with 14/3, which is common in older houses, this can't be done with a simple GFCI outlet, you need a 2-pole GFCI breaker which can be $100 each &gt;* replace GFCI outlet on deck and install new water proof cover, Pretty simple, nothing fancy &gt;* install dimmer (already purchased) in living room Again simple &gt;-- for labor and parts (excluding the dimmer switch which I've already bought), I'm being quoted **~$700**. With everything listed above, I'd say that's a pretty big price. Plus, you live in SF, which from what I've seen in the new recently, costs about $2000/month to rent a cardboard box. People need to pay their rent, including the electrician you are hiring. Not to sound rude, but if you can afford to live in San Fransisco, you can afford $700.
Anything that has a transformer in it will use a small amount of power while idling. Your furnace has a transformer to step the voltage to 24v for the control circuit. If you have a cell phone charger plugged in to the wall, even if your phone isn't charging, it using a very small amount of power, that's just how transformers are. You also know that even if you maxed out everything like you said, 8w for 5 minutes, 6 times a day, that it would take 21 days for you to be charged an extra 1kwh. This is something that is literally costing you 15 cents a month, and you're going through all of this to figure out what it is.
Not that I've ever seen, any USB plugs have only one terminal each for hot/neutral/and ground. If you want half switched, you need to upgrade to a 2-gang box, have the USB always on and a second normal outlet switched.
Have never seen stranded cat5 in my life, according to google it's a thing, but how can you push tiny stranded wire in to a male RJ45 end?
He probably had 2-prong outlets in his last place and couldn't plug it in, so just took it off, and doesn't remember I guess. Removing the ground doesn't instantly make something a fire hazard or shock hazard though. You ground the pieces of equipment that you don't want energized, so that IF they get energized, the breaker trips. Removing that ground doesn't cause everything on it to suddenly become energized and hazardous though, it just means that IF something were to go wrong inside the fridge (highly unlikely), there would be nothing to cause it to trip the breaker. Not just saying you shouldn't just replace the cord end, because you should, just throwing out info.
If there was a wall plate on the outlet, how would you see a flash behind it? Are you sure it wasn't just a flash from the prong of the cord to the outlet itself?
If you've got crappy old backstabbed receptacles, and you are plugging in anything that pulls a decent amount of power, you can almost be guaranteed that there will be a flash behind the outlet. The backstab is loose and you're plugging in something that draws 1000W so the power jumps from the wire in the backstab to the metal of the outlet.
Walk to the kitchen. Or hire an electrician to pull a new circuit to your office just for your kettle, which depending on how much of a pain it is to get to your panel, could cost a few hundred dollars, so just walk to the kitchen.
Just fucking sit down. All that spray going on the bottom of the toilet seat, and walls to the left and right. Guess where the last direction is? Right back at you, your pants are getting covered in piss every time you stand up and use the toilet. Coming from a guy who has been sitting down to pee unless there is a urinal for the last 5 years.
Use 1-way roads to trucks don't cross over the road to make deliveries, which blocks traffic. This also prevents them from going out the same way they got in.
You're most likely mistaken at them being completely reversed. Most likely scenario is that one of the wires is power in to the box, simple hot and neutral. Two of the other wires are power out to other devices, simple hot and neutrals again. The forth wire is your switch, the white wire was acting as your power wire down to the switch, hence why it was spliced with the 3 black wires. The black wire is your switch leg back up, that black wire stays by itself and attaches to the black of your fan. That gives you 3 blacks and 1 white in a group, spliced and just pushed in the box. 3 whites spliced together, along with the white from your fan. And a single black spliced to the black from your fan. Now the challenge is to figure out which one goes to the switch.
I observe that you need to put on a tin foil hat and avoid the mothership when it comes for us.
How much did you pay for this "platinum"? Platinum and gold are both similar in price per gram (gold is currently about $1250/oz, platinum is almost $1440/oz), but platinum is more dense than gold, so to make the same sized piece of jewelry, the platinum piece is going to be as much as 60% heavier, and therefore, way more expensive.
If you've got a 240v winding, how would tapping it in the middle change the fact that it's a 240v winding?
From the sounds of it, this isn't trade school to become a journeyman, this is more of a pre-apprenticeship school, then you work on your hours, then you take a test to become a journeyman. I'm not sure if OP could take the red seal exam once he was done with his school.
Ya, searched through some past posts and came across that mod before you replied, 240,000+ phantom lanes.
Is this is a stick frame house where all the wiring will be NM? Or a commercial area where it will all be BX or MC? What is the conduit going to the low voltage side, just 1" plastic smurf tube? Lots of factors involved on top of what information you gave. Are you in the US or Canada? Why can't you just use a unibit to increase the size of the last hole of the mason box to allow a 1" connector?
Sounds like you've got a loose connection somewhere on your power input, you very well may have fried your RCD as well. Perhaps it was actually at the RCD where the loose connection was, and the replacing it will kill 2 birds with 1 stone.
Does the light have 120v across it? Or is your source voltage 120v? I'm assuming you need that 1.15 twice, one for your power in, and one for out? Or is 1.15 the total for both wires?
Both the GFCI and USB cannot fit in a single gang box, you would need a 2-gang, just like with normal devices.
2 days later? You never left to get her or you anything from home for 2 days?
Crazy chemical that literally melts PVC conduit together, clearly water based.
What's wrong with the wire color? Up in Canada we go red/black/blue, not black/red/blue.
US code allows 15a plugs on a 20a circuit. Canada does not, you can't expect us both go have identical codes.
Part of it is that theses would give happiness bonuses to nearby buildings, it can be hard to max out industrial happiness without putting parks nearby. Instead you classify the parking lot and it gives industrial areas a more realistic look.
Get the highest speed of Telus internet you can get, ditch the phone and TV. I'm assuming you have cell phones and Netflix. I pay less than $100/month for 100mbps and unlimited data cap.
He'll also have crappy graphics cards if he does that.
Plus 12 gauge is only able to handle 20a, and 6 gauge is over 60a, he's gonna burn through those reallt fast.
Don't be that guy, we all knew that when he wrote "recessed male outlet" that it was actually a male inlet. This is like the whole "residential has a single split phase, not 2 different phases" reply that gets posted every time someone calls the legs of a resi panel phase 1 and 2.
He wants to use a short extension cord to bring power from an existing outlet over to a new male outlet (technically inlet), to power up a new switch without having to cut drywall and drill through the studs under the window. Between the written description and the surprisingly good diagram they posted, it's pretty obvious what they want to do. All you did was come and say "hey, it's technically an inlet if it's the male end, not an outlet". You contributed nothing besides picking out one word and telling them it's wrong. You thought they were going to have loose hanging romex between the light and the switch, and the switch and inlet. If they were going to do that, why not just have loose romex on the floor instead of the extension cord?
My favorite part of this game is spending hours building perfectly neat, massive interchanges.
They're building one in my city right now (Calgary), can't wait to use it. The big thing is that you only have 2 light possibilities. One direction goes, or the other direction goes. Normal diamonds have as many as 8 because of the requirement of advanced or delayed turning lanes.
What are you running through the NM conduit? Just low voltage wiring for your AV?
You are definitely not required to bond every reducing washer or locknut. Every PVC connector has a metal locknut, these never get bonded.
If the other side is unfinished and the wire is neatly stapled or clamped to the joist, I don't think many inspectors would have an issue with it, but good on your for going above and beyond. You said you liked the idea of not having to ground the plastic box, and that's why you don't want to buy a metal one. If you've got 12/2, what's wrong with just getting a metal one and wrapping the ground wire around the screw in the back? I can't think of any reason why you consider this the deciding factor of not going metal.
You're honestly probably okay to put it on just a 20a with 12gauge wire, I'm sure others will disagree with me though. Once the area you are heating is up to the temperature you want it at, it's very unlikely that the heater will ever run for for more than 3 hours at a time unless you open a window right beside it.
He wants to know if he'll get dinged for having a piece of uninsulated ground wire running through the tiny 1/2" spacer instead of a green insulated ground.
Or you just keep with the 3-lane road with common center turn and don't use the center turn lane.
Ya, it was really nice today, know of 2 guys who were out on their bikes. The problem is when the temp drops again in the evening and everything that melted, refreezes and turns the road in to a hockey rink.
Not trying argue that whipping your phone out to snap a picture isn't unsafe, but I'll bet that everyone creeping by them is going no more than 10kph, if not slower.
I don't believe they are judged, but you are able to text in a vote for which one you think is the best.
Add together all of the small numbers that are multiplied by 123kwh. Your customer charge and paperless billing credit and stuff should stay the same every month.
http://www.bodyartforms.com/productdetails.asp?jewelry=barbell&amp;length=3%2F8%22&amp;material=Titanium&amp;brand=Anatometal&amp;ProductID=4012&amp;index=1
Looks way better, still have unnecessary service loops on your neutrals though. I always leave a small one on my hots in a house panel just in case, but your neutrals will never need to move.
Or what about movies where someone tazers someone else, but the person doing the tazing, is holding the person getting tazed, so would therefore taze themselves too.
Ya, missed my zero, but was obvious what I was meaning seeing as when I added the rest to it I only got $0.17, and not $1.70
The higher road is the collector, so it should have less traffic than the freeway, but Parclos designed like this do often have lights that will stop one direction of traffic to allow the people turning across to go when traffic is high. This one looks like it's in a fairly rural location, where nothing more than a yield sign would be needed.
Ya, I get that too. Once I'm home I'll post a picture of my neutral setup, I'm also from Alberta so we do things very similarly.
You do not want to upgrade to 2-lane roads for off ramps. All this will cause is more problems because everyone will try to get in to the far left lane, instead of using the middle AND far left. If put in a 2-lane one way without any AI mod, it turns the middle highway lane in to a lane that has the option to either turn OR go straight. The game doesn't like this, and vehicles going straight through will want to use the far left lane, which is a straight ONLY lane. All they see is that the middle lane can turn, so most vehicles going straight will try to get out of it.
Building code literally JUST changed for smoke detectors in November. In 2013 you were only required 1 per floor, now you are required 1 per floor, and 1 in each bedroom.
$6.50 a month for every house, how much do you pay for garbage pick up? The increase is so small because garbage being scaled back is already included in the extra $6.50, would have been closer to $10 a month if it hadn't.
Different as in, slightly like actual beer? Because it hasn't been open to light for the last 2 months it's been sitting in a beer cooler.
PVC conduit to a box that will have the transformer in it for the pool light, what about that is hard to understand?
What do you think he meant? He was transforming the PVC itself in to 12V DC?
It in a pre-app program. Do you really think they had to mount the panel? It's probably been between those studs for a couple of years. Its also upside down so everything can just be brought in the top because it's obviously in Canada based on the service box cover around the main breaker.
They wouldn't have a drug counseling course to take to allow you to re-apply after 6 months if they wouldn't possibly accept you. They probably didn't just make the course so a bunch of you could take it with absolutely zero chance of getting in after completing it.
Listening to music loud enough inside that other people find it distracting/annoying is a perfectly valid thing for her to ask you to not do. As for vaping, I think people who think it's okay to do it inside because it's not a cigarette are just as ignorant, or even more so, than actual smokers.
Technically yes because if there is any leakage to ground then the GFI would detect an imbalance in current and trip. But if it's just the ground prong of the plug, go buy a new cord end, cut the old one off and put the new one on. 50 cents.
Kind of sounds like when you get a voltage drop/spike from a ceiling fan that will cut out sensitive electronics for a second. My best guess is that you have some loose connections in outlets and the force of unplugging/plugging in is causing a very short loss in power, but enough for the capacitors in the electronics to remain powered, so the Vive isn't completely shutting down when this happens.
Strip an inch and a half or so of the outer jacket off (cord ends don't really give you lots of room to work with). The three wires should be identified somewhere, either being black/white/green or having some sort of little tracer or something in them. Screw to terminals, screw plug closed. Might just need to buy yourself wire strippers, a cheap pair would be like $5.
Magic.
I'm glad to see others putting in little service areas like these, I have little areas like this all over my cities mainly for water pumps, treatment plants and incinerators.
This is the correct answer, 20% duty will allow you to use a 30A breaker instead of the required 50A, and 12g wire instead of 8g wire. But you cannot put 12g wire under a 30A breaker, has to be 10g. 10g wire and a 30a breaker is almost always what it required for a welder, unless it's some big commercial monster. If a customer asks for a welder outlet in their garage but they haven't purchased the welder yet, we put in 10g/30a. 8 years and have never been called back because the wire was wrong.
The problem with this second one is you have that intersection right after the ramp from the highway, so the lane your cars will be coming in to is a lane that allows turning to the right (going up on your picture), that's causing your problem of them instead going up to the right, and then back one intersection later. Yes, the AI can be annoying sometimes, but once you know how it works, it really isn't that difficult to make it work how you want it to.
If you want the game to run perfectly smooth, buy a $1200 CPU, not a $700 GPU.
Do you get money or something for pushing these books? I've seen you link them more than once. Don't give an explanation or a free link, but here, buy this book!
So you have any idea how small wire only good for 13W would be?
As a daily frequenter of this sub, I can say that I see this post maybe once every week or two hit the top 25 posts. So clearly your adamant downvoting of these posts is working.
I'm so confused as to what you are trying to explain. You build a 20 unit road, but you move it left and it's still 20 units even though it hasn't gotten any longer? What's the problem here?
I really don't see the point. You have literally taken up more room with highways, than you have with actual RCI, so I can't imagine that the area would even accumulate enough traffic to make use of the roads. You've got a road network that could move hundreds, if not thousands of vehicles efficiently, in an area so small that barely any traffic will use it. It does look really good though.
PVC conduit does not guarantee protection from water. Every joint could, and probably will eventually leak, it needs to be UF.
I'm assuming you're going to run a 10/2 NM or something from the driver to the junction box, that wire will have a ground wire it. Attach it to the ground screw...
As someone from Canada who has never seen a dryer with anything but a 14-30R outlet and plug in any house built in the last 15 years, these posts really bug me.
Try downloading the better bulldozer mod. Let's you use a marquise drag to delete everything in a certain area. You might delete some stuff you might not want to in the process, but it's worth a try.
Alumiconn connectors. Even with aluminum rated devices, the wire still expands and contracts from heat with every use. Many juristictions won't even allow aluminum rated devices, regardless of them being an approved device. Edit: because /u/bloodless101 has nothing better to do than point out spelling mistakes
As it is not poured concrete, and also very easily removable. I'd find it very hard for you to convince anyone to consider pavers a concrete slab.
&gt;A product (maybe new) that replaces the grounding/bonding bushing. Links a grounding/bonding bushing.
Required by law in Quebec, Canada already. And should be everywhere honestly with the number of countries banning the sale of new IEC cars by 2025-2030. I do work for one builder and a 50A sub panel with a 30A 240V outlet for an EV charger in every garage is their minimum for garage electrical.
Doesn't want pendants because she wants to ceiling open, doesn't want tracks because they look bad, doesn't want pots because they're boring. This is literally every option. If she doesn't want anything hanging, put in pot lights, and tell her she should have made a decision quicker. I also like that pendants are too clunky and she's got an ugly surface mount fluorescent in her kitchen.
Going to start the grammar/spelling nazi theme on this subreddit? My phone didn't autocorrect or show it as spelt wrong, so I didn't even notice.
You get power from the Cat5 or whatever cable is run to the camera in most cases. You're going to have some surface mount conduit or cable mould or something.
Standing on the right and walking up the left actually slows down escalators. Because the majority of people just stand to go up them, cramming them all on just half of it just causes a way bigger pile up at the bottom, just to let the dozen or so people who want to walk have an entire half. Its just like lineups at grocery stores or the movie theatre, the quickest way is to make a single line for all of the tills, not an individual one. If someone is slow at one till, it slows down everyone equally. It may take you personally a little longer to get through the line, but the line as a whole will get through quicker. But look at me, posting something about waiting your turn in line and being patient in /r/Calgary, the city with the most impatient, self centered arrogant drivers in the world.
Way easier to change what the sign says with a computer than it is to send some poor person in a truck to put up "Closed" signs on every single sign in the park.
There are way more things than just seasonal openings. Road closures from weather, mud slides, flooding.
I'd run 2" for power, 1" for TV and Internet, and maybe a couple more 1" for future proofing. Just did 2 houses this past fall where we had 7 conduits between the garages and houses. 2" for power 1" for cable company 1" for phone company 1" back for house-&gt;garage 3-way switches 1" back for TV/internet in the garage 1" back for automation in the garage 3/4" back for garage slab heat thermostat (boiler was in the house) I would also have no issues using your conduits. Just make sure you bring them out of the ground well. Don't have a bundle of 6 conduits, space them out a little, keep the large pipe for power at least 1' from the rest, put the TV/internet beside each other, and the extras beside those because they'll probably end up with an LB on them going on to the garage.
We've been installing more and more LED "pot modules" that are basically a fake 4" pot light that fit in a deep octagon box.
They share a mast, but they're picky about the pipe to the house for some reason. They are major competitors, you can get TV/Internet/Phone from either company, so they like having their own.
The stupid oversized nails, that despite seeming way too big for a pot can, bend over like a limp noodle if you don't hit them perfectly. The hinged arms are a pain in the ass, if you have a vaulted ceiling, the arms are going side to side, not up and down the vault because that's the way the roof trusses HAVE to go, so the hinges serve no purpose but allowing the can to swing down and hit you in the head. And the 1/2" knockout holes are a very small 1/2", and the weld spot on them is so large you need to ream it out to fit your connector in. Then you have to bang the thing in with your linesman and bend the shit of the junction box.
You mean they won't approve my 15,000 piece Star Destroyer that I made in LDD?
Ya, doing what you're supposed to do while driving, so generous.
I've been told that in some southern states like Texas, some car companies don't even offer cloth/textile seats, because after a couple of years of ass/leg sweat seeping in to them every day, that the seats actually start to stink, so all they offer is leather. But this might be some old wives tail Canadians tell people because we live in a place where if you need a block heater, then warm your car up for 10 minutes, and need heated seats to be remotely comfortable in the winter.
[Alberta Children's Hospital](https://www.google.ca/search?q=alberta+children%27s+hospital&amp;client=ms-android-samsung&amp;source=lnms&amp;prmd=minv&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwirle3ez77NAhVX42MKHffaBDcQ_AUICCgC&amp;biw=412&amp;bih=604&amp;dpr=3.5#imgrc=I-W_Y62a8-XD-M%3A) has had a Lego building for 10 years now.
We get it, you don't like AL/CU wire nuts because of something you saw in first year school probably. If you search for "purple wire nut fire" like you said, you get about a dozen pictures of melted wire nuts, and hundreds of thousands that are fine. These were probably all installed incorrectly, and because there are pictures of them half in tact, that means the entire house didn't fucking burn down. The wire nut melted, touched the grounded box, and tripped the breaker, JUST LIKE IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO! You don't have to go on a vendetta and downvote/verbally disagree with everyone who recommends using them, or does use them.
This is definitely a custom label by the electrical contractor that did the work. You've got a 20A 3-phase breaker feeding the panel, and the panel has 3x 20A single pole breakers installed in it.
Your dryer starting up does not cause a surge on your other circuits. The dimming is caused by the dryer pulling a significant amount of power during startup, and your voltage drops a little bit as the transformer outside trys to "catch up". A surge implies you have more voltage on your lines, so your lights would get brighter.
You mean a dusty illegible nameplate isn't enough info for you? Amateur. /s
Surprised you guys aren't complaining about the zip ties yet.
Just don't. Metal studs are made of super flimsy sheet metal that is maybe 1/32" thick, probably less, it is not meant to hold weight, it's just there to hold up the drywall. My 60" sharp TV that is less than 3 years old weighs more than 50lbs, I have my doubts your 50" weighs only 20-25lbs. Put it on a desk.
It's extremely common for Nema 14-50R receptacles to only be hooked up to 40A breakers, so the maximum you can get out of the portable charger is 32A, 80% of the breaker rating. The only way to get the listed max of 48A is buy the High Powered Wall Charger and wire it with 60A wire and breaker. 80% of 60A gives you the max of 48A.
Why is that excessive? You plug it in at night and go to bed, it's charged in the morning. Or do you need to drive 250 miles somewhere tomorrow?
A Normal 14-50R can only supply 32A continuous, despite being rated for a max of 50A. I'm a journeyman electrician in Calgary and have installed more than a half dozen High Powered Wall Chargers this year, and countless 30/50A outlets for the portable chargers.
Based on the picture, it looks like the red was backstabbed until you pulled the switch out of the wall and it came loose. I bet there is a half switched outlet.
The old one would charge at 40A, new one charges at only 32A.
They are never going to make the adapter because Tesla will not ever allow anyone to make the adapter. The Tesla plug does a "handshake" with the car when you plug it in, and this will not work with other vehicles.
It honestly barely reduces the size. I've tried that and they're not worth it. And it seems like the expanding flexible rubber part just dries out in the sun and will eventually crack.
Complaining about something like this is what makes you the asshole tenant. No neutral was required in switches until like 8 years ago in the US to future proof, we still aren't required to have a neutral in switches in Canada because switches that require a neutral are a fairly new thing. Do you really expect every building in the country to upgrade their wiring every time a new code comes in to play?
Is it 1974? Aluminum on branch circuits? Really?
Plastic surface box like Stumm brand, why would you use an octagon?
Idiot apprentice with a suicide cors setup, love Mondays.
Renovate does not mean they are redoing the whole thing. It means they are making it LOOK presentable to get renters because no one was wanting to rent their 1970s apartment that has been smoked in for 20 years. New coat of paint, new cheapest carpet off the roll and some crappy lay down vinyl "hardwood", and they call it renovated. Maybe change the plugs and switches from Ivory toggle to white decora and some cheap Home Depot light fixtures, and they call in renovated. If you don't touch the wiring, you don't have to change it.
No, it is not. If they redid wiring to move a switch box or add a 3-way, that is considered altering the wiring.
AC (alternating current) does not have - and +, you have hot and neutral. If you don't know this basic thing, you shouldn't be attempting something this confusing.
If the only point of the splice is to get a short wire to a breaker, then yes. But you can't use a panel as a raceway/junction box for wires that don't terminate under a breaker.
Pretty sure it's just because you don't have a space between the exclamation mark and square bracket.
Jealous?
You need to stop.
Black is common, red and white are travellers.
It's not that the dimmer isn't compatible with LED, it's the dimmer all together. You dim the bulbs with the app, not a dimmer, dimming the bulb reduces the power to the bulb required for the wifi portion of the bulb to connect to the app.
Ya, I can see that happening at higher voltages for sure. Porbably why they aren't made.
Based on the pictures, the outlet sparked because the cord sparked. Looks like the cord was twisted tightly coming out of the cooker, that combined with the heat from use, and moving it caused the cord to short out. If you can reset the GFCI, this is not a problem with the outlet, it's a problem with the cooker. We've all seen way worse "burned out" outlets in our days.
Everybody sells "the Christmas switch".
You really need to post pictures of inside both switches. Your description is about as vague as it gets.
Second this. Leaves room for future expansion and/or future EV plug.
You mean not easy?
So you basically only want to volunteer if it means you can go somewhere new to update your social media with pictures?
And if it weren't for those alarms, your building could have potentially burnt down. Get mad at your dumb neighbors for setting them off, not at the device for doing what it's supposed to.
Depending on location, all garage receptacles are required to be GFCI. Latest NEC also requires the fridge be GFCI protected. I take it you're also from Canada and aren't aware of differences between the NEC and CEC.
I'd like to know where you read that you think they are in need of a service upgrade.
Are your conduits full of concrete? Isn't this exactly why you cap your conduits coming out of the slab? As much as "don't fill the conduits with concrete" is a pretty simple thing, this could have been completely avoided if you took 2 minutes to even cap them off with duct tape.
Dollar store 6 outlet adapter doesn't save you from overload.
You are not allowed to put a 15A outlet on a 30A circuit, plain and simple.
Each hot is 120V to ground, and 240V between each other, where is the code violation again?
And having an electric heater in your basement that heats ALL of your water means there is potential for ALL of your hot water to get energized.
Ya, just beat on the people living in a third world country, how nice.
You realize that 95% of water lines in your house in the last 15 years are plastic? The incoming water line in plastic, the drain is plastic, the only time there is copper is the last 3 feet of pipe for the actual shower head, and we don't ground that, I'm an electrician.
Avocados never fully ripen on the tree, they don't start to get soft until they are picked, which is great. Farmers can keep them on the tree for months and pick them as they need them. No surprise that they aren't ripe as they were probably picked days before getting to your grocery store.
So you have a standard lot, house on the front, 2 car garage at the back, you want to build a tiny house in the back yard, where do you put the NEW parking spot if there is a garage in the way?
Temp power for while the house is under construction, not gonna stock liquid tight stuff for temp power that's going to be taken off in 6 months.
Good to see the Alberta coke heads are still at work.
Drive it passed the notch then, all those guys are probably "overdriving" their staples. It's more about pulling the wire tight than it is about stapling tight. I personally take my hammer and pull it along the face of the wire, like you would do with a pair of scissors to a ribbon to make it curl, gets it nice and straight before stapling. Also, where are you stapling on the face of joists, instead of going through them?
Why is this not the first thing anyone checks? Light won't turn on? Couldn't be the bulb, it's clearly a major electrical problem.
And 98% of houses that have a front attached garage don't have a back alley because that's sort of the point, put the garage on the front, remove the need for an alley, and the developer has more room for more houses, instead of more roads. But then you can't provide more off street parking because you don't have an alley.
Olive oil obviously, cook some eggs while you're at it.
3-prong outlets are allowed if your landlord has installed a GFCI outlet at the first outlet to protect the rest of the outlets, and the rest are labelled with a "no equipment ground" sticker. But this doesn't protect your electronics in any way. GFCIs work by measuring the current on the hot and neutral wires, under normal conditions, that amount should be the exact same. If they measure a difference of more than 4-6mA, they trip, and the assumption is that that current is going somewhere else, most likely to ground through the frame of whatever is plugged in. No, your landlord is not required to update this, it's likely grandfathered in. Do you think every person in the country is required to bring their house up to code every time a new code book comes out? The ground wire is there for your safety, technically if you ever need your ground, it's because there is something wrong with what you have plugged in. Not having a ground doesn't put you at risk, unless your equipment is faulty and leaking power to where it shouldn't, like the frame of your computer. No, just pounding a ground rod in outside does not help you, that's not how it works. We put in a ground rod, which goes to your main panel, all of your ground wires AND neutral wires in your house eventually get attached to that ground wire, simply pounding a ground rod outside and running it to the ground prong of your plugs accomplishes nothing. Your house probably has this done by having a large copper wire attached to the metal water line coming in to your house. If you want to protect your electronics, buy an isolation transformer.
I'd call an electrician first, it could be something as simple as a loose connection in the main panel, this is something they could easily fix of the wire hasn't burnt up at all. They could meter the incoming voltage on your wires to see if the problem is before the panel. If that is the problem, they might just call the power company themselves, and the power company generally responds better to a call from an electrician saying there is a issue than a homeowner, unfortunately. The electrician could also know one of the power company guys and be able to get them out quicker. I personally have the cell phone numbers of 4 guys in and around my town, I never call the power company, I call them directly and generally have them out within the hour because we're on good terms.
I'm not defending it, but unless you can give me more of a reason than "it's not okay", then I'll give you more than "it's fine".
Even still, that code is basically for residential panels only.
Really? We aren't going to have another "let's bitch about NCVTs" party like yesterday?
That's how a GFCI works, not a surge protector, genius.
If I'm getting what you are saying, this would require making "suicide cords" a cord that has a male end on both sides. If you plug in the one to the floor first, then you have powered prongs on the other end, this is a big no no. And asking for "the actual code with verbiage", just makes it sound like you think we are going to say "no you can't" without actually knowing, so congratulations on sounding stuck up, and here you go. 406.7 (B) Connection of Attachment Plugs. Attachment plugs shall be installed so that their prongs, blades, or pins are not energized unless inserted into an energized receptacle or cord connectors. No receptacle shall be installed so as to require the insertion of an energized attachment plug as its source of supply
From the sounds of it, they already live there, and the house is finished, so how could an inspector possibly call them? It passed the inspection already, regardless if it passed just because the inspector missed it. You are also able to get 1500W dimmers, so problem solved. Code requires you to add up wattages for the circuit loading, you can't put 30 can lights on a 15A circuit because it could be more than the 15A circuit could handle if the bulbs were changed to incandescent.
Okay, ya, that's exactly what you are supposed to do with them.
I have no idea what your electrician did, but this is completely wrong. That thermostat is designed to control both live wires. You need to shut off your power and figure out which of your cables is coming from the panel, it looks like you have one wire in from the panel, and then two out, one to each baseboard heater. Your thermostat should have 2 Line terminals, and 2 Load Terminals, it should be marked on the back. Most likely the 2 blacks are Line, and 2 reds are Load. Line wires go to the 2 wires of the cable coming from your panel, Load wires go to the 4 wires of the 2 cables going out to your baseboard heaters. You should end up with a single black, and a single red, with the 2 black wires from the thermostat. And 2 black, and 2 reds, with the 2 red wires from the thermostat. 4 splices total. [Here is my crappy drawing](https://imgur.com/gallery/iYOto) of what you should end up with. Red wires are blue pen.
You check them by plugging something in. I'm sure the guy you're buying it from has something that uses an HDMI cable. If it works, and he really wants to get rid of it, he shouldn't have a problem with you wanting to make sure it does actually work.
Your outlet should be in the cabinet that the microwave is going in, not beside it. I'd be calling an electrician to come move the outlet. Your next bet is to the cut end off the microwave cord, pass it through, and purchase and install a new cord end.
Sounds like these people need to get over themselves and realize that a frickin access point isn't going to ruin the ambiance of their art gallery. This is like homeowners of custom houses who want a million lights, but no switches on any of the walls because they dont look good. So you offer them automation options to reduce the switches from like 8 on a wall to 2 multi button keypads, but then they're pissed at the price. LIGHTS NEED SWITCHES, get over it!
There is no code about loading a specific dimmer too high, that is a manufacturer's spec. You don't use that maximum 65W rating of the fixture calculation to find out how many lights you can put on a switch, you use that maximum 65W calculation to find out how many lights you can put on the CIRCUIT. The code book says nothing about loading switches based on the max rating of the fixture, it says that when calculating lighting loads for the CIRCUIT, you count lights as if they had the highest rated bulbs. Someone can always change out the switch if they decide to change out the light bulbs, you can't magically upgrade the wire to #12 because you decided to put in incandescents. If I have 10x 50W bulbs in a set of can lights, I'm not installing a 1000W dimmer because they COULD BE 65W bulbs, I'm installing a 600W dimmer because that's all I need. That is not against code.
&gt;All 4 LED bulbs are LED Shocking
I've never really liked GE stuff anyways, Square D or Cuttler Hammer, GE is rarely even on the spec sheet as an acceptable alternative.
This is likely an LED tape of sorts, which would require a driver. So from the switch you would go out to a driver, and from the driver, out to each strip with a low voltage wire, something like 18/2. Depending on how your walls are framed, fishing wires to each shelf could be difficult without some drywall damage.
This will likely not work out. American 220V is much different than yours. We have 2 hots, each with 120V to get 240V, and use a single hot and neutral to get 120V. This works completely differently than having a single hot with 240V and a neutral with it. I don't recommend trying this. Also, ruining the dryer is not worth than dying, like your post says.
1. Of course you don't NEED a subpanel in the barn, but you might as well. 2. Sub panels do not require a main breaker, but I always like having one just in case. 3. Romex is perfectly acceptable in conduit, but you aren't allowed to use it in this situation because it's underground. Romex is not allowed in wet locations, and underground, regardless of it being in conduit, is a wet location. You want an SER or UF cable, or THHNs if you are able to be in conduit the entire way, you can't run single conductors outside conduit. 4. For only 30A, you technically only need #10 to stay under your 3% voltage drop for 50ft. But I'm assuming 50ft doesn't include verticals or through walls, and is just the trench length? Honestly, I'd personally just run #6 and put in a 60A sub panel, you're going to figure out more stuff to add in later, and you're going to be mad at yourself for running the bare minimum you needed.
Sure, we tend to have higher wages. But the exchange rate $1.31CAD for every $1.00USD. Our taxes are also higher than your, and basically everything is more expensive. You pay less than $20 for a 24 pack of beer, we pay well over $30. Cigarettes are less than $10 a pack down there, we pay closer to $15. I just spent $375,000 on a 1000sq/ft bungalow, how much would that cost where you're from? Gas is what, $2.00/gallon down there now? We pay more than $1.00/litre, so over double, and with the exchange, probably comes out to closer to triple if you're in BC or out East.
Biggest issue in the game IMO, at least when looking at realism, especially with offices and any high density buildings. A skyscraper should not be the same width or depth as a house. My lot for my home is 50ft by 180ft. So nearly 4 times the depth, but easily needs to be 2-3 tiles wide if it were in game, which means it would need to be 7-11 tiles deep to be accurately proportioned. The only way to get a house that is 4x deep as it is wide is 1x4, which makes the house barely wider than a single car in game. And an office building or large apartment/commercial building is the same size? Larger buildings would mean more room between roads, which would help with traffic which seems to get piled up just because there are too many roads, and maybe we could actually be able to fill up an entire map before hitting the building limit.
I'm sure you could wood frame something, but aluminum rusts and greenhouses are humid, do the math.
You don't just splice colors together and assume it's going to be good. You probably have a white wire that was acting as a hot for a switch, now you've attached it to a neutral and are popping the breaker. White does not necessarily mean neutral.
Most likely have a circuit double fed, so 2 breakers need to be off for it to trip. Flipping them off and then back on individually will not turn it off.
I remember when new servers kept getting added. People racing through vanilla content as fast as they could to get the black AQ mount on a new server. Sad seeing merges happening instead because of lack of player base.
Great hook to attach a zip tie to to keep everything nice and neat.
Taking random electrical components and "get them going" with zero ratings or information about them isn't fun, it's called dangerous.
Fireplace is hot, and the vent isn't properly insulated, melted the lines?
I've honestly never heard of a code that requires bonding a fireplace...
Too bad 2-pole Arc-fault breakers cost about 2-3 as much as just buying two 1-poles.
I refuse to believe that this wasn't planned.
It's like 14gauge, can bend it between your fingers.
Zooming in I can find 12AWG printed on one of the wires, still super easy to bend how you want.
Of the packaging? It's required to have the nameplate on it, either on the bottom or back right beside where the cord comes out.
Just keep everything together, and use RICO ploppables, that with the realistic population mod means a level 1 office has like 250 jobs, instead of 30. So it's very easy to keep your population mostly walking, instead of driving. And if you refuse to let tourists drive in your city, they will walk or take transit everywhere.
You either become a hair stylist, or a chef, depending on the gender.
Ya, most people call that vandalism.
Hoser, while not such a common thing to say anymore, is pretty much the most Canadian insult ever.
Listing more specifics would help. Are your drills breaking? Or all hand tools? I'm currently using Milwaukee needles nose strippers which I think are awesome, I've never been a fan of their screwdrivers, and I'm waiting to wear out my current Klein linesman and sidecutters enough before trying out Knipex. Just saying "my tools are breaking" doesn't really help. Which tools are breaking?
Piggybacking is the term used when you are using power from one circuit, and the neutral from another circuit, to power something. The problem with this is, that if you flip off the breaker for the outlet circuit in your kitchen, all it does is cut the hot wire, not the neutral. But the GE switch is still powered up from the other circuit, using the neutral from the outlet circuit, which doesn't get disconnected when the breaker was flipped. So if I turned off your kitchen outlets, and then went to work on them, I can get shocked by the neutral, because you attached your dumb smart switch to it. Edit: Sometimes electricians will do this just because it saves a little bit on wire. Say I have power at Point A, a new light is at Point B which is 15 feet away, and the switch for the light is at Point C, another 20 feet away. To get the neutral at the switch, I would need to run from Point A, all the way to Point C, using 35 feet of wire, then from the switch, BACK to the light, using a total of 55 feet of wire. Or I can run power from Point A to Point B (the light), then drop down to the switch (Point C) without a neutral, using only 35 feet of wire total, saving me 20 feet of wire. Luckily there is a code for this now, and any devices in a finished space HAVE to have a neutral wire at them because of exactly what you are running in to, installing smart devices with no neutral at the switch.
Unless you have an acreage, I've never understood the point of a gas mower or snowblower. My mower has a 2000W motor, takes me maybe an hour to mow my lawn, so 2kwh, which equates to maybe 30cents after all the extra bullshit fees the POCO throws on. Versus a few dollars for a gas mower or blower every week.
The only thing I agree with when people complain about Tesla is all of the stupid vanity plates, none of you are original or funny, it's just obnoxious at this point.
Vanity plates in general aren't obnoxious, heck, I have one, but all of the "LOLOIL" "LOLGAS" NO CO2" "WUT GAS" shit is horrible.
Brand, and breaker type. Uploading a picture if possible would help. AFCI technology has come a far way in 20 years, you used to not be able to use a vacuum cleaner in certain plugs because the motor would trip the breaker, newer brands don't have this problem.
It's not extortion, YOU BROKE THE LAW!!!
No, it's literally flavoured water with nicotine, and it doesn't even always have nicotine.
Then something else in the fixture was touching the metal housing. Hot wire stripped too far back or something.
Except this is against code now.
This isn't a sub to ask your homework questions in.
So you have one of those 3-in-1 vertical switches that fit in a single gang box?
It hasn't actually changed for us Canadian yet, but in the US you are required to have a neutral at any and all switches on finished walls. Just pull a 14/3 down to the switch dude, gives you a neutral and use the red as your switch leg, then you don't have to have hot whites. We're going to follow suit eventually anyways, and this will probably be added in the 2018 CEC for us, so you might as well just start doing it now, it's better anyway.
Sure, but at some point they all need to be in the same lane to make a turn or something. And when you finally let them do that, 90% of the vehicles will change lanes at a single node, causing a massive backup.
I was there also! And I'm from Alberta, Canada. Some friends and I drove out for a concert in Auburn and got stuck in a swarm of bees.
Sure, generated billions. But also has to spend pretty much all of it the next season.
Ya, I'm starting a 26 unit condo in my town next month, 3 floors, wood frame. Getting 600A 3-phase, and each unit gets a 100A panel with 2 phases. And this is in small town Alberta, Canada.
You still have to go through the hassle of moving though, which they may not have been planning to do.
As an electrician, I'd like to let you know that that's not how it works.
Dull after 3 houses? Are you purposefully aiming for nails or something?
Then why do you even have the 150? That's a shit load of money to be paying for the occasional Netflix streaming.
The employees at my local Little Caesars have piercings, nuff said.
It's not a debate when the company takes a side. You don't have 1000 rices, you have 1000 grains of rice. You don't have 1000 Legos, you have 1000 pieces of Lego, or Lego bricks.
It probably wasn't installed when the wall was originally open, or you'd have an outlet down low, not an inlet. You buy these kits online usually, and all that they did was cut a hole up top, and cut one down, and drop the wire down through the wall.
$100 says you shouldn't even be putting premium in your car. Just because it's higher octane doesn't mean it's better for your engine.
Id assume that you being on blueprintALBERTA.com would mean it would give an Alberta time.
Strip more wire, and you shouldn't see bare copper sticking out past the end of your connections, anything touches that, and it's live.
Press Alt+Tab twice, changes game to windowed mode and back.
The side bar links are that way &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Okay, so it's definitely an issue with a connection somewhere, or with your contactor. The first motor you had was probably perfectly fine. Do you understand why upgrading to the new one was pointless?
I love all of your posts, especially with all of the super fine detailing. But I absolutely HATE your choice of phosphorescent green grass absolutely everywhere.
I realize that, I was making a really stupid joke about "how can a single county out of a country of 325 million have had issues with these kits?".
Your piercer should just stop, any reputable piercer would never put something on an area with so much movement.
As far as I'm aware, their receptacles and deadfronts are combination-type AFCI. I've specifically used them in houses with older panels that you can't get combination-type AFCI breakers in. But also to add to that, if running 14-3 and installing two $20 AFCI outlets and a $15 breaker, versus running 14-2-2 and installing two $30 AFCI breakers, is actually going to be noticeable on your bills, you're doing something wrong. We're talking a $5 difference every 2 circuits, seriously? You're going to be the contractor who finds every possible way to save $5? I'm going to be the dick who says that anyone in 2017 who still runs MWBCs to save a few bucks, is both cheap and lazy. Dedicated neutrals, and single pole breakers are always the better choice.
I don't know how small your house is, but 53,000sq/inches is only around 370sq/ft, so unless you're living in a trailer, that's probably only about a quarter of your roof, and that's for a small house. Also, power storage or more the issue nowadays than power generation is, basically any house can have enough panels to generate enough power for it's needs. But the problem comes when you go 5 days in a row with no sun. Your inverter/battery setup is the expensive part, not the panels. But I'm assuming you're staying tied to the grid to keep power during those days with no sun. Also, don't ever pay an electrician for a consult. Guys who charge for a consult do so because they aren't confident they'll get the work in the end. If you're confident in your ability and what you're selling, you don't have to charge for a meeting. Also, 5kwh a day is TINY amount of power, you would use close to that by just having your oven on for a few hours to cook dinner, I'm assuming you mean 50kwh and that you have AC on all day in the summer.
I sold my full collection of the unopened collector's editions last year for $5000 towards my house down payment. I honestly find it hard to believe you'd every get almost $9000 for it.
20A is a higher current, so it can have more amps on it than a 15A, that doesn't mean they're "better" though. You size the fuses based on the size of the wire, if you only have 14gauge wire, then you can not put higher than a 15A fuse in to protect the wire, if your wiring is 12gauge, you can install a 20A fuse. If you have 14gauge wire, and put in a 20A fuse, then you are able to have more current on the wire than it is designed to handle, and can overheat/cause a fire.
"Good" and "cheap" don't go hand in hand with electrical, especially when it comes to dimming. You're going to be looking at at least $10 each for the dimmable bulbs. Buy a decent brand like Philips.
How would a power strip stop a fuse from blowing? They're designed to change one outlet to more, they don't give you any protection, unless they have their own build in fuse/breaker, which some do. But still, if your power strip is good for up to 15A, and you have 12A of stuff plugged in to it, and then you have 8A of stuff plugged in to a different outlet, then you've reached the 20A the fuse can handle, and not the 15A the power strip can handle.
Basically any of the "Right to Work" states are going to be a complete shit show, anyone is allowed to do anything, and you can practically buy your ticket in some of them.
When they're high voltage, yes, power cables are multi-insulated.
Don't just pull straight out, wiggle back and forth.
I have an apprentice who just picked up a few NWS tools, the one complaint about the linesman is that they are quite small compared to Kleins or Knipex, so small that you can barely grab a hold of three #14 conductors to twist them together, let alone a couple of #10s or a few #12s.
Of course they'd be UL listed, but for plumbing because that's what they're actually for. That's like saying "that photocopier better be UL listed before you try driving it". Of course the photocopier is listed, doesn't mean it's meant for driving though.
I've got various Milwaukee M12 and M18 tools, all of them are great. Start with just the M12 if it's all you think you'll need, I probably use my M12 drill more than my M18 just because it's lighter. Drilling any big holes or step bitting holes in j-boxes, always the M18. And if you end up needing to upgrade to the M18 at a later time, you've still got the awesome little guy for finishing work etc. And the little M12 portable speaker is awesome.
Basically exactly what you think is happening is happening, because the switches use power themselves, a little bit of stray voltage probably sneaks through. Maybe try buying some LED lamps to replace your CFLs and see if they don't flicker, and then replace all the rest of your bulbs with LEDs. Honestly, installing CFLs nowadays is less common than installing incandescents, they were made to be a cheaper alternative of energy efficient bulbs than LEDs when LEDs were new and expensive, but LEDs developed so quickly that they're basically on par in price already, and use half the power. Suppliers look at you weird when you come in asking for CFLs instead of LEDs. They always ask, "not LED?"
Please explain why.
Please explain why.
The terminal with 2 wires is your power, the terminal with just 1 is your switch leg. You have power coming in to the box, and then power going out to something else, another switch or a plug. You attach both power wires together so you have power at the switch, as well as at the next device. This isn't strange, and it isn't somebody "piggybacking" power, this is how your entire house is wired. Ideally you would splice the two wires together with a third wire, [a "pigtail"](https://www.handymanhowto.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/DSC03664.jpg), and have the one wire wrapped around the screw. Backstabbing is a shitty thing to do.
8-104(6)(b) You use the 790A ampacity from Table D8A, but the correction factor from Rule 8-104(6)(b) because you're using 75degree copper, kind of a bullshit question if you ask me. But I knew exactly where to go just given the "80 percent continuous".
So a phone charger is 1A and 5V, so 5W. Are you saying daisy chaining 3 power strips together to charge 15 phones at a time, a total of 75W would be too much power?
You know that button that is on 99% of power strips, including the one pictured? That's a mini circuit breaker, and trips when it's overloaded. So if you plug in 5 power strips to 1, the first one will trip.
Ya, hitting right click to dezone, and then left click to rezone is really tough.
Get that plastic bottle in the recycle bin you heathen.
If the bulb is too short, then you have the wrong bulb.
It's always 120V... even if you're using a 240V RV plug, you use 120V because it's 2 lines of 120V, not a single line of 240V.
My uncle flew trans-Atlantic on one twice, still says it's one of the coolest things he's gotten to do.
You can technically just terminate all of the grounds in the 12x12 junction box. It is getting grounded by the 1.5" EMT conduits from the panel, so you can just plant a small ground bar in there to terminate the 6x ground wires from the flex to.
Just because it isn't commonly done, doesn't mean it's not allowed. EMT is neater, so it's generally all you'd see in an electrical room. Plus, lots of jobs are spec'd to require a ground wire in all conduit, regardless of the EMT being an acceptable ground. If someone misses a single set screw on a 200ft run of pipe, your ground could be compromised.
An MA-CL can't act as a slave to the master motion switch, post the photo of the multi-location install instructions of the motion switch, not the MA-CL.
It's weird that all of these guys who have never done residential, say to avoid residential at all costs. You know why? Because their journeyman who did residential back in the 80s told them that residential was terrible, which it was, in the 80s, and they just assume it's still the same. It's not the 80s anymore. Residential can very fun, and specialized. Cookie cutters can be boring, but if you're fast, they're a great way to make money. Any decent builder of mid to large sized homes tend to be quite accomodating with time. I've never had to work with 4-6 guys on a house just to get it done as fast as possible. Their might be a small push if I get called away to another job for a day, but we're always given as much time as we need. My longest roughin was nearly 3 months on a $3 million custom home. For 90% of the time was literally just me and my single apprentice there. No heating guys, no plumbers, no framers, unless they were called back to make a couple of changes.
Breaker loading on residential is pretty much pointless. Any loads large enough to make a difference are 240V so they're balanced. You'd have to put every 120V breaker on the same leg to even come close.
Go to Canadian Tire, they're selling dimmable LED bulbs for $1 each. 60W equivalent, 100W equivalent, and 65W BR30 equivalent. If you've got 5" or 6" pots, the 65W BR30 should be what you need.
Umm, there is absolutely nothing bad about make work projects. That's what you do when the economy is in the tank. Make work, gives people money, those people pay taxes and buy stuff, which goes back to the government. Making work literally makes money, that's how it works.
If you fuck up the wire with a staple, that's your own fault for pounding the shit out of it with your hammer, nothing to do with the staple.
They don't have a separate service box area in their panels in the US, completely allowed.
Exterior wall? No poly around the panel?
So they just aren't going to insulate and poly? I'd still put a piece of poly around it in case they decide to do it in the future.
I have a friend who as an Optical Technician, so it's her job to cut lenses and make glasses for customers. According to her, there is zero reason for the outer edge of the lens to be that thick. Any decent technician would cut and smooth most of that off. That not where you're looking out of, so it being so thick serves no purpose, besides the tech being too lazy to take an extra 5 minutes to clean them up, especially the outside edge that is sticking nearly a half inch back out of the frame.
This entire thread is a reply to you saying "Romex is a hack wiring method", which is an insult to every person to goes to work and pulls romex every day, and then you're complaining that I'm insulting you? You're saying that your work is better than theirs because you do pipe and they just pull romex.
Do the Flames think that the public doesn't know that the final choice isn't up to them on whether they leave or not? The Flames can't just up and leave because their feelings are hurt. Pretty sure it is Bettman who has the final say, and he knows how much of a cash cow Calgary fans are. They charge double or more for tickets compared to some other teams, and the place is still always sold out. Why would they move the team to a city where they aren't guaranteed to be able to sell tickets for as much?
Games Workshop Chinook posted [this](http://imgur.com/gallery/WYdkX) picture of their stock room today.
It's completely allowed to bundle them together for a short distance, I'd have to find the code rule to get a specific distance, but it is allowed.
You sound like an amazingly cheap ass landlord if you're worried about the $10 a year that having a second light bulb in is going to cost you. I'm sure your tenants love dealing with you. If you remove a socket, and they don't think it's bright enough, they're just going to put in a higher wattage bulb and burn up the wiring, then you'll have a real problem to deal with. Go to Canadian Tire, pick up two $1 60W equivalent LED bulbs and install those. You're down to 10W instead of 60W for each bulb, and you'll save way more in the long run. Or is $2.00 too high over your cheap ass budget? It's not up to you to decide whether your tenants need to use only one or two bulbs in the fixture. There are two sockets in it for a reason.
2104-LLE2 and 2104-LLE3
2104-LLE2 and 2104-LLE3
2104-LLE2 and 2104-LLE3
2104-LLE2 and 2104-LLE3
Maybe because you wrote righting instead of writing.
Maybe because you wrote righting instead of writing.
"Almost none of my posts are reposts, except for the reposts" Wut?
Double swords. No shields. Apparently any form of Wraithblade load out is pretty viable, but the extra attacks mean you can assault out of the Wave Serpent and knock out an entire squad without taking a wound.
I mean, you can look at any hotel in the world and get a basic lighting layout for a room.
Umm, service industry workers are basically the hardest working people out there, and they deserve to be paid way more money than they do. Unfortunately, anyone who is 40 years old and working their office jobs think that it's a minimum wage job only good for teenagers, despite the fact that the majority of service workers are 30 years or older. And Unions are great, and most people who work for them are hard working, there are obviously the select few who give them a bad name, but I'm all for the job security and benefits they supply. Completely different from people who took a small pay increase to get a job in a volatile boom/bust industry, and then blame a provincial government for their problems that they have zero control over, because the oil market is controlled by the Middle East, not Alberta.
I'm not saying that the people who take a minimum wage job are necessarily smarter. I'm saying that I get paid ~$40/hr to work construction in and around the city, other people took a job up north because the pay was $45/hr in a job market that is known to be boom/bust. Well guess who still has a job?
Is there a bath or shower? Or just a toilet and sink. Code prohibits an electrical panel in a bathroom, if there is no bath or shower, it is by definition a washroom, and an electrical panel is perfectly acceptable.
It's the opposite, the gas tank was purposefully made small enough so that you couldn't blow the tires before you ran out of gas.
The tires don't blow because of the wear on them, they blow because of the pressure of spinning so fast for so long.
You all need to stop saying this about residential. It's 120V in a house, not 277/480V or 347/600V in a commercial building. 120V doesn't put out enough interference to any noticeable signal degradation.
Sure, they will technically be different rules on paper. But find me one motorist who doesn't do a rolling stop at stop signs unless they 100% have to stop because the street they are pulling in to doesn't have room.
It's about the time it takes to speed up from a stop on a bike vs a car. Use some common sense.
That's not the point. It's private property for the buildings and the building's guests. People aren't allowed to park in my driveway just because I'm not using. There is plenty of free parking near by, 2 grocery stores literally right across the street, but it means they would have to walk for 3 extra minutes.
Table 210.21(B)(3)
And you're positive you're wiring it up correctly with your wires going to the Line side terminals?
Yes, most brands also make a an in-wall remote that pairs the same as the wireless remotes with dip swirches. All it needs is 120V line voltage and replaces your pointless single pole switch you now have.
Why would it need conduit? Not going to hurt anyone, but if you want, you can take an axe to it and knock out your neighborhoods internet.
Because at 300m(1000ft) away, you need 2/0 to get 15A at the end of the cable while staying below 3% voltage drop. If OP wants a true 30A trailer plug, he'd need 300mcm. And those are for copper. Aluminum would be 4/0 for 15A, and 600mcm for 30A.
You are going to need HUGE cable if it is really 300m away. Assuming just over 300m, or 1000ft. You'd need 600mcm aluminum for a standard 30A 120V trailer plug, and staying under the allowable voltage drop. 600mcm is actually good for closer to 300A, but because you're going so far, you need big wire. That is going to cost you upwards of $6000 just for the wire.
If you understood what you were getting in to, you wouldn't have made your post in the first place.
Then GFCI breakers are probably your best bet.
Water does not burn insulation to the point that it's black, unless those burnt marks are actually mould. Regardless of the water, water is not what caused the burning. Don't come here and ask a question, and tell us that our answer is wrong.
That is very obviously fiberglass dude, not sure what you're talking about.
Same with any in the US, they have worse AFCI rules than us. This is a 30A 240V hardwired electric tank.
You have current leaking to ground. Either a faulty laptop, or a bad connection in the circuit that isn't enough to cause it to trip. Your adapter isn't a problem, because laptop power converters (the big brick) are generally for universal voltage, and can use voltages anywhere from 100V (Japan) to 240V (basically everywhere else).
If it's only 4w, then it's LED, and you replied to my post saying it wasn't LED. 4W of incandescent would be barely visible.
Ya, I've been sliding around like crazy the last couple of days, even around my house where the speed limit is only 30, come to a stop sign and just sliiiiiiide, even when barely touching the breaks and with winter tires. These next few days of above freezing temps are very much needed to help get rid of the ice pack that has formed.
More efficient than the 2 minutes that it takes to do just flip a breaker and check? Really? You basically have to turn off the circuit to figure this out. If you got a toner and checked continuity on the neutral or ground, it wouldn't solve anything because all of your neutrals and grounds are connected at your panel. Same with hots, if you leave the breaker on, and tone your hot wire, it goes back to the panel, through the breaker, to the bus bar, and then back to every other breaker on the same bus bar.
I've never heard of plumbing being on the list of jobs a handyman can't do, but definitely electrical, because it can be fatal if done improperly. No one is going to die because their sink drain leaks a bit.
I completely agree, and for the exact same reason of needing it for a temp panel on s pole.
Each element won't consume more power, you have 3 completely independent elements, each with their own breaker. They aren't connected together in any way. But they will need to be on for a longer period of time create the same amount of heat. It's like having three 40W light bulbs, if one burns out, the other two don't become 60W to make the same light, you have just two 40W light bulbs now.
If it's permanently installed, the rules should be more strict.
I know we are never required to go higher than a #6 anymore, regardless of amperage, my current project is just a little 26 unit apartment, it's just #6 wire, but still 4 rods.
It's not the fitting that didn't with stand the freezing. When water freezes it expands, there was supposed to be no water in the pipe, and there was. Water froze, got bigger, pushed up on the gate and cracked the entire body of the valve.
It was code in the NEC for a single code book, and was quickly removed. It's still code up in here in Canada.
It was, I thought that was removed from the NEC the code book the next edition after it was brought in. I know it is still code up here in Canada though.
That is not what the code is in the US, nothing specifies an AFCI breaker, if you weren't allowed to use the dead fronts, they wouldn't make them.
Sounds to me like you pinched the extension cord somewhere and almost caused a short. Plugging something in drew enough power to completely the short.
SteeltoedSiren? Clearly I'm working at the wrong jobsites.
Ya, it a business needs to close over $600 a month, they were going to close eventually anyways. That's 1/3 of a full time minimum wage employee.
I have no doubt that he did have to pay $11,000 in wages on that day, but guess what, so did the vast majority of businesses in Alberta. He admitted in the article that he purposefully doesn't open his restaurants on Mondays, so that he doesn't have to pay for stat days, which are normally Mondays.
Depends where you're from. I've got a friend who had his feeders on a residential duplex stolen. Cut from the connectors going in the top off the panel, up to the floor joists. 3ft or so of approximately 20x 14/2 home runs, couple 12/2 kitchen circuits, dryer, and range. Might have fetched the guy a total of $10 at the recycler, even if they spent the time stripping it all down to bare, pathetic.
This is entirely based off of the load the dimmers need to supply. What are your wattage totals for your dimmers? Overloading lighting/dimmers can be very easy in a restaurant when a single switch is turning on 30+ lights, not so easy to do in a house where single switches turn on single fixtures or a few recressed cans. I'd be very surprised if you can't actually just replace the switches with dimmers. Lutron dimmers are rated for 80% of maximum load when in a multi-gang box on an end (1 side of tabs removed), and rated at 60% when in the middle of two other switches (2 sides of tabs removed).
All you have to be smart enough to do is turn off the main disconnect and take everything but the mains, really not that dangerous.
&gt;I'm 100 per cent labour rules compliant, but the great thing about being closed on Mondays was that any stat holiday that fell on a Monday, I wasn't paying out a ton of stat holiday pay, because nobody ever works in the [restaurant] business on Monday Maybe not saying that's the only reason they don't open Monday, but if keeping closed Monday is a way for you to pocket $50k instead of paying it to your staff, I'm sure it was a major contributing factor.
We do 2 tests here in Alberta. Your TQ (trade qualification) Exam gets you your journeyman ticket, and then your IP gets your Red Seal. Take them on Thursday and Friday of your last week, you don't need to pass you IP to get your ticket here.
Yes, this is exactly what I was looking for, thanks.
Pretty sure that a private institution like a University can expel whoever they want to. If you can get expelled for not attending class, you can get expelled for raping and threatening a 13 year old girl. Any workplace is allowed to fire you for this exact reason, no place of employment is going to keep a rapist on staff, and a school shouldn't either.
Not if you go far enough away. Which is exactly why I said you need to go about 5 blocks away, any closer and it is permit parking.
Well I said 3 blocks north and on the other side of 14th, which obviously adds up to more than 5 blocks.
Looks great! I'm curious why you would opt for track/bar lighting instead of something recessed.
Perfectly acceptable up in Canada.
My boss sometimes does this. Spends more money on couplings to go 10ft than on 30ft of new conduit.
People make this complaint about LEDs all the time, yes, they are brighter. But they are no where near as bright as normal high beams. With the LEDs you think "hey, those are kind of brighter than normal", high beams are like "sweet mother of God I'm driving directly in to the sun". It's an obvious difference, and a silly complaint.
Toner on a live circuit doesn't really work. Anything that is plugged in to it, or a powered up light bulb, has now created continuity from hot to neutral, and your toner will beep everywhere. Even when a light switch is turned on when the power is off has created hot-neutral continuity. Also if the circuit is live, the tone goes back on the wire, to the breaker, through breaker to the bus bar, and from bus bar back on to every single other breaker that is on that bus bar, and in to every one of those circuits through out the house. Attach the toner to any neutral in the house and it just rings through every wire because every neutral and ground get connected together at the panel. That's why they are used on dead circuits, or on single wires that have been disconnected on both ends.
Power tools, dishwashers, dryers, anything with a motor really, uses more power when start up for a split second than when they are running. When a motor turns on, there is a huge surge of amperage on the line, and your voltage will slightly dip, and then catch back up. That is what you are seeing when the lights go dim, the dip in voltage. The old transformer that is probably feeding your mom's house is probably the cause of this, and there isn't going to really be anything and electrician can do to fix it.
It's much easier to just pull a single dedicated 20A circuit for each bedroom. More than enough power for an AC unit and anything else. The only time a problem every arises is when you end up with 2 heaters or AC units on one circuit. More than one circuit for each bedroom is overkill.
There was a post a couple of years ago about a guy who applied for a job when HTML5 was relatively new still. The job listing required 5 years experience with HTML5, when it had only been out for around 6 months. When he asked the interviewers about it they were said they were serious in their requirements. When he told them it hadn't even been out for a year, they did some major backtracking and apologized, not knowing it was so new.
I don't know why you said you can't find anything when googling that, i googled "e323920 wire" and I get exactly what it is. Low voltage landscape wire. Not acceptable for your indoor wiring.
$30 for the conduit, and free to install, or $40 for the conduit from the electrician, and another $125 to install it? Sorry, I agree that it's sometimes better to hire one of us, but when the material is 1/4 or less than the cost of the labour, I'm all for DIY.
The city should have dropped a few thousand dollars, and hired 10 or so security guards for the day. Problem solved, and would have shown that they don't deal with crap like threats that people probably wouldn't have had the guts to go through with anyways.
And then your teammate being a bro and perfectly passing the ball back to them, instead of hitting it the other way to the corner.
I had big issues with my last can of Averland spray as well. Was hoping to cut out a step on my Iyanden by priming with yellow instead of white. Ended up wasting an extra day stripping, scrubbing, and re-priming white.
You should have been back down there before your time finished, nothing more needs to be said. This is exact revenge gets posted at least 2 times a month, you live in a large dorm, you're a jackass if you think you should be allowed to hold people up because you can't get your ass back to the laundry room on time. The real petty revenge was the girl who put your shit on the floor for being late.
And maybe $50B isn't enough and they can't get approved for more. The F35s were supposed to come in at under $500B, and it's expected for them to cost almost $1.5T. Good chance that $1T is just going to something else.
Eh, if she made more than a cam girl she wouldn't work as a dental assistant. 500,000 followers means nothing, you can follow for free, you pay to subscribe. Quick Google-foo shows that she had a little over 1000 subscribers in December, but only half that in September, but 600+ in August. Likely because people are using their one free subscription per month that you get with Amazon/Twitch Prime to subscribe to her. Good chance she's only making around $2000 a month streaming from subscribers, maybe a little more with donations.
And from an electrical standpoint, you can't just add 500kW of power to a building like it's nothing.
15 full EVs with a battery capable of going half the distance of the lowest range Tesla, great...
I'm sure that more have closed. But it seems like any time a restaurant shuts down, there has been a news article about it to try and blame the NDP for it. But conveniently no news articles regarding new restaurants that have opened.
Oh ye of no knowledge of code outside of Canada.
He made the assumption that because it had a main breaker that it was the main panel, I personally prefer having a main breaker in my sub panels. Especially for garages.
No different than any other switch, switches are the only thing we wire in series.
I wouldn't even say that a service upgrade is necessary, you can program your cars to charge at certain times, set it to after you eat dinner to avoid tripping the main with your 2 cars charging and stove running.
Because it still needs to be a loop. Horn/strobe circuits need to either be a Class A loop or a Class B with and EOL at the end. If it were series, depending on how many strobes you had, would change the voltage drop at each device, 20 strobes on a loop would only get 1.2V each, that doesn't work. 40 on a loop would get only 0.6V each, how would the control panel know how many are on the loop?
Whatever way works best for you. If you strip all of your wires first, then you have to go through the trouble of grouping them up beforehand. To make sure you don't mix any wires up, that takes more time. I personally go splice by splice. If it's just a hot/neutral to another hot/neutral, strip those 4, twist together, wire nuts. Then the next pair, strip, twist, wire nuts.
Have never heard of that. It's not until you go up to a 150A breaker that is starts taking up 4 slots.
You do know that codes are different in the US, right? It's perfectly fine to put 15A outlets on a 20A circuit down there, everything is rated for 20A anyways, even our 15A outlets up here in Canada are rated for 20A. Don't call people out on code if you don't know it.
Because that's what they are by definition. Class A loop is a full loop back to the panel, Class B ends at an EOL resister. Class A loops are generally only for initiating devices, because that's what makes them addressable. Based on your previous comments, it sounds like you're a fire alarm guy, why don't you know this already?
No one here is going to help you with this, and most of us have big issues with people building their own light fixtures. It won't be UL listed, or have any other type of approval. If anything goes wrong, even in another location of your house that causes a fire, they are going to see your home made fixture, and your insurance is instantly void. Good luck. Hopefully you don't burn your house down and end up homeless.
Punch a hole in for your PVC TA. There are knockouts on either end at the back from the manufacturer, so I'm assuming you have free reign of the entire back portion of the box for wiring. If you're using PVC, you have to pull a ground wire for obvious reasons.
Not really necessary, almost 50% of Reddit traffic is US, even says in the side bar to assume US location unless specified otherwise.
Again, not enough room to make the first horiztonal 90 out of the panel.
Not enough room to make the first horizontal 90 out of the panel.
Ya sure, let's blame the victims instead of the shitty thief. Yes people should lock their car, but fuck off with comments like this. How about people just not steal?
Breaker size is determined by the receptacle on the circuit, and the wire, 50A outlet can't be on a breaker larger than 50A, no questions asked, regardless of the wire being large enough to handle more. The receptacle is the final determining factor. And even then, and S/X mobile adapter doesn't go higher than a 50A outlet, because there is no such thing as a higher rated outlet. After that, it's the hardwired wall charger.
There is actually no code that requires deox, at least in the NEC. Kind of weird.
Because a Model 3 can't take advantage of the faster charge speed of a HPWC. Sure, it may look cooler, but most people don't care.
You don't quote the exception to the rule as the norm. And that isn't even an exception to the rule, because 15A/120V outlets are rated for 20A, it's stamped right on the device. You aren't putting a 15A device on a 20A circuit, it's a 20A rated device.
In what possible way could you think me using the phrase "ya sure, blame the victim and not the shitty theif" to mean that I would blame the victim in a sexual assault charge?
This is half of the advertised purpose of Tesla Powerwalls. There are so many places now that have peak power times, something I didn't even know existed until I was a 3rd year because it's not something that we have where I live. You can program timers in your Powerwall to charge during specific times, usually non-peak hours, and then be used during peak times. If you actually needed 80kwh of power like your post said, you would need 6 Tesla Poweralls. If you have a 200A service, that could technically charge all 80kwh of batteries in less than 2 hours. Problem is that 6 Tesla Powerwalls will run you $50,000 before installation. Yes, there are other options that might be cheaper. But honestly, 80kwh of battery storage isn't really feasable right now. How long do you think it's going to take for you to see a return on investment on $50,000 of batteries? Where I'm from, to rack up $50,000 of electricity usage, I'd have to use your 80kwh a day for 9 years before I start seeing money back. And that's just based on flat power usage. You want to get $50,000 in savings out of the difference between peak usage and non-peak usage. Which is pennies per kwh, and your service fees will be the same regardless of when you use your power. You're going to be waiting 30 years to see your money back.
That's also for just for the power outright. OP is trying to get their money back in the difference between peak rates and non-peak rates. Which will triple their ROE time, if not more.
It was -5c (23f) here today, and was absolutely a t-shirt day.
Ya, $600,000 gets you a 2500sq/ft home on a tiny lot in my town.
Just because people have come up with a different name for it to make it "legal" doesn't mean it isn't shady. After the Alberta government giving out bullshit subsidies to billionaire oil companies for the last 50+ years, I'm glad they didn't offer Amazon the same thing.
Nothing but black and white on a 3-phase panel? Should tape every single wire that isn't black with the proper phase tape color. Home made panel tie with a piece of copper, really? There is an empty 2-pole 15A breaker on the other side. Ground wire on the right is touching the neutral bar, or at least very close. And all around, it's just a mess. There is actually a "quality of work" code up here in Canada that journeymen will throw at others when they see messy work done by someone who should know better.
Unless you know the duty cylce of what's being powered, hard to determine whether they're too small or not. Half of the breakers could be for heat, while the other half are for AC, which should never be running at the same time. Most of the 1-pole breakers could just be for individual outlets in hallways which would only ever be used by cleaning staff if it's an office building. And they're copper, could easily see it being a 100A panel based on the size.
The worse part is that there IS an unused 2-pole 15A on the other side of the panel.
I realize that technically none of my points are true code violations, but people should not have the opinion that their work can be as messy and unorganized as they want, as long as it meets code. Apart from the possible ground/neutral touching, this would probably power up fine with no problems. But no one should be happy closing this up, thinking they did a decent job. Code is technically the minimum standard.
Yes it's stilly, but don't argue that it's on the same level as a suicide cord and having open live prongs that can electrocute you. That is like saying murder and speeding are the same, because they're both against the law.
Sometimes a nerve is just going to randomly get pinched. It could be the start of something more serious, but there is a reason you have a drill for most everything but cover plates.
Probably just gonna let this guy finish his semester before doing anything about it too. edit: Yes I read the article, it's a joke people.
Turn off power to the light, look in the back of the socket, there is a small metal tab that is supposed to touch the base of the light bulb, that is your hot connection, the actual threaded socket is your neutral. Again, WITH THE LIGHT SWITCHED OFF, get a butter knife or something, and pry that little tab forward. That tab sometimes get pushed back by the light bulb, and never springs back properly.
Having a nickel allergy should not be the reason your piercer would use good quality material on you, they should be using it regardless, because it's the right thing to do.
My brother didn't get blackmailed, but him and his girlfriend also almost broke up because of him watching camgirls, and donating tons of money. Some months he couldnt even pay his half of their rent, with no real reason for where the money went.
And imagine stabilization. You've got 4x the pixels to work with, so you can stabilize without losing detail
Ya, he stopped and they're still together, just bought a house together after a couple years of keeping finances in check.
You are not allowed to have an outlet inside of a cabinet unless it's for use with a specific appliance, like a microwave. At least up in Canada you aren't allowed to. Or do you mean you want to mount the outlet through the cabinet so it is accessible on the outside of the cabinet?
It takes just as long, if not longer, to fully sweep and mop my hardwood than it would to vacuum carpet. The entire main floor of my house is hardwood, and I'd never change that, but my stairs going down to the basement will be carpet.
Technically, yes, the electrician made a mistake. Will it cause any problems? Very unlikely. When you think about it, why would you be allowed to put a 2-pole 40A breaker in any position, but not a tandem 15A? The tandem 15A can only draw a maximum of 30A combined, the 40A can pull 40A. You can also see in your third picture that your panel number is a P3040, that means there are 30 breaker slots, but you're allowed to have a total of 40 breaker handles. You are already at 35 with how many tandems you already have in place. I would be more concerned about making sure that you don't go over the count of 40 breaker handles, than be worried about their position.
All of my homeline tandem breakers fit in any slot, not sure where you're getting this idea from. Maybe it's true, but I've never had a breaker not fit in a slot. And it still doesn't give an actual explanation for why.
If the light is off, there is no power at it, that's sort of how it works.
I've never read a better "I'm an apprentice and I'm just going to make up an answer" answer before.
What's a laptop?
Aww, you didn't get the joke.
Ya, I edited my reply to Murray Edwards, got the names confused.
My $360,000 mortgage is around $1800 a month after property taxes and everything. A $500,000 home would be far more, well over $2200 a month. They're getting to live there for $700 a month less than if they had bought it, and just get to save that money, or spend it on holidays. After 6 months, you'd have $4200 extra set aside, and you could go to Europe for a month or something.
That was the hardest thing for me and my girlfriend. The mortgage payments and everything are easy now, saving the $40,000 down payment was the hard part.
I would never pay $1800/mo to rent the house I currently own, which is approximately what my monthly expenses are before utilities. If I was looking to rent, I wouldn't pay more than $1200 for the house I own, so how would that work if I would be taking a $600/mo loss on rent compared to my mortgage?
You've probably got the order of your wiring wrong, and the switch with 3 wires on the black terminal is actually your power, and the switch box is being used for power in from another device, and power out to two other devices. And the other switch with just the single black wire on the common terminal is your switch leg. The switch with 3 wires all under one terminal, those 3 wires should get spliced together with a single pigtail to the switch.
If there is constant strain, they are going to eventually pull out, regardless of the connectors you use
I've used spliceline as well, and yes, they hold well. But being constantly pulled on for 8 hours a day at a factory, I doubt they'd hold.
Organization? I almost always land my breakers in a similar order, especially on houses, usually kitchen outlets and other appliances on one side, and general lighting and outlets on the other.
"Two light fixtures" in OPs original post. No reason for 3 wires to be together if there are only 2 fixtures.
You mean you don't think the engineer just has a preference when the plan says "All Material Shall be Schneider Brand", and isn't just getting a cut to do so? /s
Thank God they got where they were going 3 seconds sooner.
Ya, actually, it probably will.
Sure, but there is a floor between 2 and 3, between the two huge windows. I still don't understand where there is a full 45' from floor to ceiling.
Wait, do you have the output of the 4 drivers all wired in series?
This is exactly why I always buy bottled drinks everywhere but actual sit down restaurants.
I wouldn't call a wrecked walker on the base a conversion, but it does look cool.
If you get a cut on your hand, do you go out and buy gallons of saline to soak your hand in?
My brother and I always banned that gun, such bullshit.
That's very obviously just a red wire going to the lower wire nut. Unless they used #8 solid ground in a box full of #14s.
It's zoned as residential, they wouldn't let you open a steel manufacturing plant in your house, then you can't do this either. Different levels, but it's the same idea.
The slight tilt you get at Chinook is not reclining. The Landmark seats are full blown power recliners that you'd have in your living room at home. They also don't cost more, it costs more money to go to Chinook regular showings than it does Landmark, and you get shitty seats at Chinook.
/r/FullScorpion
Utility company has the final say on anything regarding a service connection, not the inspector.
More energy to keep 40 gallons of water hot all day than to just heat what you actually use.
Why not 3" then?
Of course they don't :P
Pretty sure you've been told this in almost all of your posts when you keep saying stuff like "just tabletop standard" when all of your stuff is painted better than 90% of what other people can do. Your stuff is painted very well, stop downplaying it. You think that you're being humble by downplaying it, but in reality, it just puts people off when your "tabletop standard" is what people put up in competitions, and you act as though it's not a big deal. Other people look at your stuff, compare it to their own, and it's disheartening.
"It was working a month ago" is not any indication of whether it should work now. There were people who were alive a month ago too that aren't now.
I'm aware, [my buddy](https://pubg.op.gg/user/Argeoh?server=na) finished Season 5 in 19th place for NA Squads with a 66.5% win rate. The majority of his games are pretty boring to watch because they play safe at the beginning of the game, and any action doesn't usually happen until 15-20 minutes in. Rarely does he get a game where it is killing from beginning to end with 12+ kills. And that is how most people in the top 100 play, and they all know it, and they know it's boring, and that no one wants to just watch you loot for 10-15 minutes. Also, when Shroud plays while not streaming, his games go MUCH differently. The only reason he gets 20+ kills is because of stream snipers, which a good majority of just land near him to get killed, they dont even try to kill him. He has said on stream that when he plays while not streaming, he has a much higher win rate, with only ~6-7 kills a game, because people aren't going for him. But he can't play like that while streaming, because people won't watch, it's more fun to watch them land school or military base every game and get in a massive fire fight. But if he survives through the onslaught of stream snipers, he does have a very good win rate. Everyone knows this, and no one is ever expecting it to turn in to a massive tournament game like CS:GO or any moba games. Because the game doesn't work for tournament play, and every top player knows that. My buddy is not expecting to ever make money because he is ranked in the top 20 for PUBG, like he could if he were playing any other game. But there is a reason that it is a huge spectacle at Dreamhack with a massive stage, because it is FUN.
Paint models one at a time at the start, don't try to batch paint them. After each model, look at it, pick out what you think can be improved on, and make the next one better. You can always strip and repaint models that you painted early on if you aren't happy with them anymore and want them as good in quality as your newer painted models. There are TONS of YouTube channels of people who teach mini painting. Just watching our lord and savior Duncan on WarhammerTV will increase your painting quality by leaps and bounds.
Which is fine if all you want to do is field bare minimum painted guys. OP is very clearly asking for ways to improve, because they dont just want to throw 3 colors on, and call it a day. Lots of people, such as myself, prefer assembling and painting over playing.
This is the what, 6th post about this in the last 3 days?
The kill-a-watt will draw more power reading what the phone charger is drawing than the actual charger.
Love seeing stuff like this instead of the endless perfectly flat cities that are always posted. Looks fantastic.
Good chance that if the breaker is a GFCI, then there is a reason for it. Recommending that OP change it to a non-GFCI when you dont know what else is on that circuit is not good advice.
I've never seen pulsing like this from not removing a ballast, they generally just light up for a second, and die, because the ballast blasts them with 500V or so when they start up.
I've never done, or seen, a building where any phone or data has been done with an independent/isolated ground. We always just leave a terminal block similar to what is in your photo. The only time you would see anything above and beyond that would likely be in a data center, or possibly hospital.
Ya, you would need to do isolated ground circuits to all of the racks as well. Good point that I had never even thought of
There are definitely certain fields that are more okay with tattoos and piercings, construction, and basically anything tech or IT related are probably the biggest two. I'd be hard pressed to find someone on a jobsite who doesnt have a tattoo.
It is interesting that you base the entire economic recovery of the province on the fact that a single company let some people go
As soon as you start splitting the cord up like that, especially because you've got multiple different amperages, you should be putting in new overcurrents before the receptacles on the cart. Either mount a small sub panel on the cart with breakers, so you're essentially plugging in the sub panel, or you'd need fuses before the receptacles.
I doubt they used a 2ft drill bit.
Curious what caused the initial bang. I'm an electrician in Cochrane, and a couple guys were joking about wondering who their electrician was, as that seems to be a pretty common cause on under construction building. Bang makes me wonder if it was a gas leak though, although there had to have been something that ignited the leak. Doesn't sound like the building was far enough along to require heat for drywall mud, so no electric heaters running. And it's not like its cold out, so unlikely that they have natural gas or propane heaters on site either. Interested to see what comes out.
I always buy relays with one or two sets of extra contacts for situations exactly like this.
And other electricians complain about exposed cables going in to an electrical panel in a locked electrical room, saying they're exposed to potential damage. But seriously, this is awesome.
In my experience, commercial apprentices are better at bending pipe than their journeyman because that's all they're told to do.
To answer your question, yes, your grounds and neutrals would need to be separated and your main panel now, will essentially be a sub panel when completed. Not that it really matters to you because you need someone qualified to install all of this, and they'll know what to do
This really needs to stop being the "go to" answer whenever high voltage is brought up, because it is only true to a point.
You're going to be working with someone else who can answer basically all of your questions, your company obviously knows how new you are, and are expecting to have to train you. They aren't just going to throw a plan down in front of you and tell you to come up with a price.
That awkward moment when you realize your boss is paying you less than 50% of what other companies are...
Why is that wrong? Refrigerator doesn't have a d in it, so why would fridge? Just a funny thing to think about. You can find lots of magazine and newspaper articles from the 30s and 40s with it as "frig", and even the Oxford dictionary actually had it listed as "frig" up until as recently as 1960. Wasn't until around 1965ish that "fridge" became the more common way to spell it.
That $107 seems shockingly low when you think about it. But I guess when the majority of diamonds are tiny little things for clusters that don't need to be perfectly clear with no inclusions, its understandable. Anything large and pristine just has a high price because they're rare.
Based on how much more noticeable the twists in the cables are, I'm assuming that most are just 2-conductor cables, more similar to a speaker cable.
When they get their solar installed, there will be a new box that is installed between the meter and the main panel that goes along with their Power Wall. It controls whether their house in being fed from the grid, direct from solar, or from the power stored in their batteries. That is your new main disconnect when you have solar, and that is where your neutrals and grounds now get bonded together. In a lot of cases, you just end up installing a big 200A disconnect after the meter and before all of the solar equipment so you can shut down the entire system with one switch. That is now your "Main Panel", and your panel inside the house is now technically a sub. They're installing a full Solar Roof, and Powerwalls, they are not just installing a dinky sub panel for "emergency loads" to run off of solar. They are going full home connection, with the hope of having no power bill. All of their equipment will be installed "ahead" of their panel, not parallel to it.
I had to look it up after an apprentice and I had the same discussion a couple of years ago about why fridge had a D, but refrigerator didn't.
People paint models for a living, it takes hours to paint anything decently. Minimum wage in some places is $15/hr, so $750 would mean taking no more than 50 hours to paint all of those units to make minimum wage. It would take most people 2-3 times that to paint all of that.
I've got a couple dozen in my van! You never know, right? Right....?
Looks as though these are all dedicated, but some idiot still went and plugged multiple cords in to a splitter powered off a single outlet.
You mean the 12" cord coming off of warming lights isn't enough to get to a decent located junction box.
You mean 10lbs of weed a year isn't enough?
Because components randomly start on fire just because they're mounted to wood? I'm confused.
Because every intersection in the world can go every direction, right? Multiple partial interchanges spread out to control where traffic goes are very common, this way you can have cars entering a district at one point, and leaving at another, and you get less traffic build up.
Me neither, and there isn't anything wrong with splitters. It's just kind of funny that they have a 2ft long splitter plugged in to a single outlet, which has 2 cords plugged in to it, when they could have just as easily plugged both cords in directly to their own outlet.
