He's gonna be walking for a while, since he can't exactly fit on one of those ships.
Yep, exactly. My father immediately turned to me and asked why Jon was able to kill the walker. It's also a good way to link Valyrian Steel with walker killing, because it hasn't really been clear in the show at all that it's anything other than a good metal.
It showed Lord Protector Mormont giving Jon his sword, mentioning that it's Valyrian Steel.
That's the one that really gets me the most. Beric Dondarrion was introduced...and then never used in any way what so ever. At least Gendry had assisted in a plotline in some way. Beric did nothing besides have a flaming sword fight. In the end, he contributed nothing before he was abandoned. The worst part of all of it is that there were like three or four "Previously" segments last season that showed him. They teased the fuck out of LSH and then never introduced her.
They are. If you're a buyer you will never have an issue. If you're a seller, you're completely fucked. Especially if the buyer is a prick. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jan/04/paypal-buyer-destroys-violin That's probably the most ridiculous case of them all, in my opinion. Not because of the dollar amount, but because Paypal apparently *told* the buyer to destroy the item because Paypal (who is not an authority on authenticity of anything) decided that it was a counterfeit.
He's saying that obeying the law isn't a reason for the government to leave you alone. Basically, he supports the government watching every single person at every single moment so they can fuck you whenever they want for any reason they want.
Actually his overall point was that Lan and Demandred were equal in skill if they were both fresh. It's implied by Lan's inner dialog that if he were not so tired he thought it would have been an even fight. But Lan could also have been underestimating himself, considering the fact that he'd been fighting for ***days*** at that point and was still only barely losing.
Only Frontier does, which is the original MH MMO (there's also Chinese Monster Hunter Online, which is a different game). Frontier has been around for 8+ years, and is constantly getting updated. A few years back, people were getting too good so they added Hardcore monsters, which have insanely stupid abilities and hit ranges in exchange for rare drops that make the best gear in the game. One of the more hilarious ones (in my opinion) is Hardcore Congalala: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qVgQoi1wHw
Is it just me or was there a noticeable audio desync this episode? It was affecting my ability to pay attention because everything was off. This was on the broadcast version, not sure if the HBO GO version is any different.
&gt;and leave the results, if any, for next week. People forget that we didn't immediately see the effect of her magic last time either. When Stannis burned the slugs, nothing happened until later. All of the people he named died, but it wasn't ten seconds later. It wasn't even in the same season for most of them.
Yeah that's usually what happens. You start off with a system. It's a great system. Your head agrees that it's the best idea ever...until you get half way through. Then you realize, oh fuck, even though this system is great, there's not enough trees! Panic! Fuck it, just wing it and hope it works out.
This shit drives me nuts, especially when you slow down for that fucker. "I could have driven past you five times already, JUST FUCKING GO!"
&gt;Im curious as to why Shakespeare is still heavily taught in schools. It's not really relevant, the writing style is nowhere close to todays, and for the most part when I was in school, nobody had any real interest in many of the books we had to read. Don't get me wrong, they are very good works of literature. It really shouldn't be. Shakespeare's works aren't books, they're plays. Plays aren't meant to be read monotone in a classroom (like they often are) or even in your head. It's meant to be acted out on a stage. That's why they're plays. The fact that we try to get kids to read plays in classrooms defeats the point of the work entirely. Plus, most kids aren't really interested in it, and when you're not interested in it it doesn't really matter how good it is.
http://i.imgur.com/OjoFkwW.jpg
It's definitely not 100% proof, but it is a supporting argument. Along with the argument that it has no benefit to the story what so ever and all of the build up that his story arc had to the general story of the show, it makes for a pretty good case against him being dead.
Also the fact that EVERYONE on the Boltons' side had horses. There's usually at least some infantry...unless all of those horses were originally Stannis' as well.
Using one sellsword's honor as a guide to every other sellsword everywhere is a terrible argument.
&gt;Someone, somewhere, honesty thought this was the right move. It's not even that someone thought that this was the right move against something else. They just didn't think about current players. They were thinking about getting more players in the game, and not thinking about the ones that were already here. Which, honestly, has been an issue with ANet for some time now (Hello NPE). And the biggest issue people have with the expansion in general isn't the cost, it isn't the fact that veterans don't get anything extra, but the fact that there's nothing being shown once again. I don't think veteran players would have a problem if they knew they were getting a Factions/Nightfall quality addition to the core game, but they simply don't. This lack of interest in the veteran player simply compounds on top of that issue. The truth of the matter is that they haven't shown that the expansion is worth $50. They just haven't. Especially when GW1, which this game is a direct sequel to, released three individual content additions that rivaled the main game (and even surpassed it in many ways). This expansion not only doesn't show this, but doesn't really show anything at all. ANet has developed this policy of not telling us anything with GW2, and it has shown at every turn that it's a very, very poor policy that needs immediate change; one they refuse to change. It's not really a wonder that every other month this sub turns into a "ANET, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?!" post extravaganza.
&gt;There's a study on productivity that shows that working more than 50 hours is much less productive, and anything over 55 hours is completely wasted. Japan is not surprising, much of it is about appearances to working hard and putting in long hours, but the reality doesn't pan out. Japan has the highest because of that (what I believe is) terrible social requirement where you basically ***can not*** leave before a superior (rank wise, or even age wise if I remember correctly). So if they're working late, you're working late, even if you have nothing to do. Or if you're dead tired. Or simply because they don't feel like leaving. It's ridiculous.
Out of curiosity...if this fine hits them and they actually get charged it...where does that money go?
I wouldn't say S5 was TERRIBLE, but probably a third of the episodes are skip episodes to me. For example, the episode mentioned in this very thread. Spanakopita was a meh episode at best, and at only 8 episodes in the season it didn't really serve any real purpose to the plotline.
I enjoyed this until I saw you misspelled "you're".
Exactly. They don't actually upgrade their infrastructure because, at least before now, no one actually ever called them on doing nothing after receiving the money. They've gotten tons of grants in the past and then not delivered. Then, when the government does complain, they lock it in legal crap for decades because of giant legal departments. It's all a massive scam.
Your reaction was pretty much the same as mine. I didn't really care about the scene being a rape scene, but that it once again shows that Sansa has had literally no character development since Season 1. Something she started to show at the end of Season 4, then randomly abandoned at the start of this Season. In the end, she's the same person and nothing has changed about her.
Apparently the guy has never heard of [scalpers](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Scalper). They've been a serious issue when it comes to Limited Editions and things like that for some time now...and he's basically said that they're not only willing to support them, but happy to. All this says to me is that I was right not to buy Destiny.
Lloyd, Cecile and Nina were definitely in on it. There's no way Nina would have given up her hatred for Zero (and by extension, Lelouch) any other way. And if Nina was in on it, there's no reason I can see why Lloyd and Cecile weren't as well. It's perfectly in character for Lloyd, too. Basically, the majority of important major characters either figured it out or was in on it.
&gt; Doran knows Ellaria will poison Myrcella and lets it happen. Doesn't that kind of completely fuck up Doran's established character in all of S5?
No problem, my pleasure!
To be fair, when the game started there were some pretty gawdawful mechanics in place. I stopped playing almost immediately after I hit 60 in vanilla D3 because it just wasn't fun at all. The ridiculous gear grind, the cash equipment shop, the stupidity of Inferno....the list goes on. The core game has always been something that could be successful, they just needed to alter pretty much everything else to get there.
&gt;The last big game will be Zelda, I keep seeing people in denial about this but it is true. That's implying that the Zelda game will even make it to the Wii U. It might not. There's a reason it was absent from E3 this year. The new Zelda game might be a twofer, being on both the NX and Wii U...but right now it doesn't look like they plan to release it for the Wii U at all, otherwise we would have seen something this year about it. Face it...the Wii U is dead already. It's their biggest failure next to the Virtual Boy. The Wii U had a few good titles, and that was it. I can count the good titles on my fingers (Monster Hunter 3U, Mario Kart, Smash, Super Mario 3D World, New Super Mario Bros 2, Pikmin 3, Splatoon, Bayonetta 2, and Xenogears). And not everyone will enjoy every one of those. Those are pretty much the only games I would recommend looking at if you had a Wii U. I regret my Wii U purchase, utterly and completely.
This is clearly a self inputted database that's...well, lackluster. I entered 1952 for shits and giggles. Apparently, the only World related thing to happen since then is the 1986 disaster at Chernobyl. What about the massive tsunami in Japan a few years back? What about the wars that have happened? Additionally, continental drift has apparently been debunked. It has? I went to the Wikipedia link....and the page basically says there's a ton of evidence to support the concept. It mentions that the *initial* theory submitted in the late 1590's was pretty much debunked, but the concept as a whole is very much real. Then you get to Technology...and almost all of it is Apple related. Whoever set this up has a serious hard-on for them. That, all combined with the terrible aesthetics of the site...yeah it's not that interesting nor impressive.
Join the club. Didn't know that those paper cups had a name.
Plus no one considers how many bugs all of this shit will have because it's not like Bethesda is infamous for the amount of bugs in their games that they never fix or anything...
When you treat "Season 9" as it actually is, a Season 1 for a spinoff, then it's absolutely fine. The network really fucked up with that one. If it were advertised as a spinoff from the beginning, I don't think it would have gotten as bad of a rap as it did. But with over half of the cast missing, of course no one is going to like it when it's being advertised as a new season to a loved show. Scrubs wasn't getting treated well for the end of its life anyway. Season 7 is half the size of any other season, when it moved over to ABC. ABC probably didn't want to pick up the show for one season and have it die immediately after they got it. That's most likely why they did what they did.
&gt; Then there's a time travel episode and everything goes to hell. Time travel episodes always do one of two things: Reset everything because the writers realized that they ***totally and completely fucked up and there's nothing they can do to fix the shit-storm and have it still make sense***, but they can't exactly start a new show or anything. Have no consequences what so ever and basically had no point except to possibly introduce a new concept to the lore (like Stargate time travelling due to solar flares).
It was cancelled before the second half of season 2 was even given a chance. And the second half of season 2 is the best part of the entire series. That's where the Novus episodes are, the majority of the drone episodes...the entirely best part of the series aired after it was cancelled. Everything people complained about in Season 1 was fixed, but Sci-Fi never gave it a chance to prove that it could fix the problems that people had with it.
To be fair, yes. Stargate SG-1 was switched to Sci-Fi in Season 7. After one season they greenlit Atlantis. Atlantis lived 5 seasons. And while it was arguably cancelled for no apparent reason, they still also greenlit Universe later, which lived another 2 years. Stargate as a franchise lived for 6 years on Showtime. It lived for 11 on Sci-Fi. I hate Sci-Fi as much as the next guy (mostly because they don't show Sci-Fi anymore), but they helped Stargate thrive.
Because they didn't want him working for the government anymore, they wanted him working for them in essentially black ops that had no real government.
&gt; Enterprise had so much potential, but tried to do some things that were just too...out there. The Xindi, for example. I could never buy the idea of 5 completely different warp-capable species evolving together on the same world. I disagree with you. The entire idea of 5 completely different warp-capable species evolving together on the same world does seem out there, but anything is possible in an infinite universe. It's also not completely impossible that the race that created the Expanse had a hand in their development and made them as a tool to fight the Federation and humanity. Don't forget that a lot of the Enterprise plotline deals with time travel and the temporal cold war. When dealing with that, nothing is impossible. &gt; And where are they in the TNG era? They're obviously very close to Earth in terms of what TNG-era ships can do. Where were the B'Saari and Denobulans? Vulcan ships? Plenty of things not mentioned or seen in prior series'. In fact, one episode in Enterprise has people from a race that's only mentioned in name in the original series, and never actually seen before then. Just because they're warp-capable doesn't mean that they should be around in Federation space or dealing with the Federation. After the Expanse was negated, the Xindi could have easily all left, going separate ways and deciding to go to a different Quadrant of space in an attempt to get away from everything that happened. Just because they're not around doesn't mean anything.
At least I know not to watch Falling Skies now. Was interested in it, too.
Because in your mind, you're logically thinking about it and how it makes no sense, so you're bothered even further by the fact that you feel the way you do without being able to understand why, explain it, or do anything about it.
So, I know nothing about this theory other than what you've said in this post. My thoughts: &gt; Weird shit happens in Nowhere without Courage being able to see it or even know that anything is happening. I don't see how these things can be from Courage's perspective seeing how he isn't there to observe these events happening. Well, if the idea is that it's from Courage's perspective, it could always be that he's imagining what *could have happened* to cause the results that he observes. Embellishing is a common story-telling tactic to make a story more interesting. So he's embellishing. &gt; Courage goes on car rides into town and down deserted back roads in multiple episodes. If memory serves correctly, the way he sits in the car allows him to see out of the window. If he only knows what he's seen, and in these car rides they're surrounded by vast fields of nothingness, chances are that there's nothing around their property. Going by the rules of this theory, that part of the theory debunks itself. Going from my earlier comment, the idea is that the episodes are stories from Courage after the fact. If that's the case, then everywhere that looks like "Nowhere" is simply because it wasn't interesting enough to remember. There's nothing of note between town and the house, and so as a result there's nothing in his re-telling. It's not important, so he doesn't remember, so it doesn't get into the story. Just random conjecture based on the information you provided about the theory.
It would also explain why there's a map to a person who intentionally went into Exile and supposedly doesn't want to be found.
This except it being poison instead...in an attack that I shouldn't have gotten hit by in the first place. Especially if the poison is super poison, where you lose like 20 more health by the time you get up.
In one of my first High Rank runs ever playing MHF2, I died from a Congalala's old run and jump back combo. What he'd do is charge at you, and then the second he hit you, he'd jump back, then charge again. He'd repeat this multiple times. The problem is that when he executes it properly, it's timed perfectly so that you get up and immediately get hit again. If you're not good enough to be able to perfect dodge the charge (which I wasn't at the time, I had just started playing), you'll get comboed multiple times and there's really nothing you can do about it. So I died from this combo hitting me three times in a row from full health. I find him after getting back. I shoot him once with a Lv.1 Charge Arrow. He dies. He was literally ONE SHOT from death. Probably at 5 health or lower. It was such a crappy death to me because of how insanely close he was to death.
At this point, I'd be more surprised if it weren't intentional at least 80% of the time.
The whole, "Once in a while, humanity needs a reboot," line makes no sense if he intends to only take out a city.
&gt; Edit: a lot of people are telling me "Don't enter the intersection until you can see a space large enough for your vehicle behind that truck." Anyone saying that has never driven in that type of traffic or has one of those very high up trucks (probably with those obnoxious looking gigantic tires) where that issue would never happen. In a normal car, there's unfortunately situations where you just can't realize that you're not going to get through the intersection until you're too far in to stop without blocking traffic. Sometimes the traffic looks like it's flowing acceptably and then all of a sudden, after you're a third of the way into the intersection, every stops dead. Now you're fucked, in the middle of the intersection with absolutely nothing you can do about it. Also, don't ever forget the asshole who leaves a car length infront of him because he's too lazy to move forward when he knows that he's not getting anywhere by doing so. So, you *could* clear the intersection...if that asshole moved forward just a little bit.
Honestly, there's almost no chance it's actually Felicity. That scene being the mid-season finale scene was clearly a bait scene. I'd actually be annoyed if it were Felicity, and not because of it being Felicity but just because of how terrible that entire scene was.
I would like the flashbacks, if they weren't a ridiculous way to shoe-in relevance between the two storylines. Season 3 was by far the worst. "Oh, this really terrible deadly virus that was secretly unleashed in Hong Kong 5 years ago AND the people that helped you fight it even though you were supposed to be on an island for those 5 years are all somehow coming back into your life at this exact moment so that it can connect the two plotlines." It's bullshit.
Reference for those who don't know about this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB2yRlqfDnM Although it's kinda hard to hear, I can see how it was missed.
It could definitely easily be "Hey". I could just be hearing "Carrie!" because that's what I'm expecting to hear.
Ex-coworkers used to do this every day. They'd open it with 1 or 2 seconds left, and then leave that number there. So annoying. The worst part is that when I came into the office I would use the microwave's time to determine what time it was...and I'd always get a bit confused at first because the number made no sense in relation to a time.
Probably not, because there's the other two people still on the elevator that are not sneaking. But I bet they wouldn't fire at you.
That guy is such a prick, he deserves it.
&gt; The gap between 3 and 4 is only 19 years You know...I never really thought about this before...but it really makes the whole idea that nearly everyone thinks the Force is fake/a myth after Episodes I - III really weird to me. That implies that *every single bit* of Jedi influence has been completely removed from the entire galaxy to the point that no one remembers it in anything other than as fairy tales, which is a tad absurd to me. Even in Episode VII, it seems a tad far-fetched that the majority of people would consider The Force or Jedi to be fairy tales.
Only when it's an old Chinese Couple that run the store.
To be fair, considering many types of improperly prepared sushi can kill you...I don't think anyone is looking down on them purely on the fact that no one is dead yet. Unless they've done fucked up and killed someone. But at that point they're probably not a sushi chef anymore.
It's probably because you're not really processing the source information. It's literally just going in your eyes and going out your fingers, and never really reaching your brain because you just don't give a shit and want to get it over with.
Probably for the "surprise" of him surviving later...which was not only obviously going to happen (he seemed way too important from minute one of the movie to die there), but was poorly done in the first place. They showed him in the X-Wing...but you could barely recognize him. And then they hugged later like they're brothers (even though they only met each other for like 30 minutes prior)! My whole reaction to the scene was "Oh there he is," when I got the feeling it was supposed to be, "YEAH HE'S ALIVE!"
It's fun. And by fun I mean hellish. The job I had last year I had 5 "Project Managers" to tell me what to do. Sometimes I felt like I was a bean ball being tossed between people as they continually told me what to do, sometimes it was conflicting information, too. Seriously when the admiral has no idea what he's doing and issues seven captains to one ship, the ship sinks, and it sinks hard.
&gt; But everyone in the middle has access to it and can read it? Pretty much. I'm pretty sure that the Tor browser encrypts outgoing data, though, (most likely getting decrypted by the final node, but I don't know off hand, I've never really used Tor or cared about it). So at most, in the example above, Britney *might* be able to read it, but John, Alex and Mohammed have no chance unless they can decrypt it, which is a pretty difficult thing to do without the decryption key. Basically, they never open the envelope, but there's a post-it note on it saying where it goes next, so they just send it on its way.
The problem is that the person in charge of my old company had no fucking idea what he was doing, and we only had "Project Managers". And out of 25-30 people, 5 of them were "Project Managers." And none of them wanted to do any actual work because they were "managers".
I don't use RES, and am too lazy to look at the address before I click most of these links. When it's a YouTube video, I just close it instantly. It's essentially the same thing. I don't have the time or care to watch a YT video, even if it's only 5 seconds long.
People care about YT recommendations?
&gt; But PayPal decided that I was at fault for selling this "fake" item and he got to keep it. Total bullshit. See I don't get how that's legal, and probably the most frustrating thing I hear about on more than a few accounts. If I buy a guitar neck at a physical store, or even a regular online store, and think it's fake, I still have to return it to get my money back. How is PayPal allowed to just return the buyer's money AND not force the buyer to return the item, regardless of what that is? PayPal does several fishy things that are insane that they haven't been sued out of commission at this point. I feel like a class action lawsuit is waiting to happen for them. They're going to fuck with the wrong person one day and they're going to bite back. I hope it's in the two digit billions, because it's fucking ridiculous.
I've seen this comment multiple times...and from everything I can see, it wouldn't have made it even. Andy had just died. Skuj was in the middle of a boss fight that takes a while to get to. He probably lost several minutes (far more than you'd lose from just resetting, since he had just died). The only way they could have made that fair was to wait for Skuj to get to the same boss fight before Andy could be allowed to continue. But no one was going to do that, because Andy was clearly the favorite in that run (plus putting everything on pause for a long period of time kinda kills the hype of the run). I had to go out at the mid-point during this run...now I'm not really interested in finishing it.
Some people just don't care/want to be identified with their donation, either. I think $1,000 is probably the perfect donation for a semi-rich person (someone who isn't really worried about money) who is interested in the event/the cause. They might not want their name/info broadcasted, though. Especially since $1,000 donations are almost always read. I can understand the want to make it anonymous.
You can say that Anakin saved Palpatine out of fear of Padme dying, and not because he had turned to the Dark Side. Once Padme died anyway, he realized that at that point he had no other course of action.
&gt;1991 winner Amy Marie Dimak was a molecular biotechnology researcher before having three kids and then becoming a nurse. That seems like a weird career change to me.
There's a big difference because when a cyclist is in an accident due to their breaking of the law, they get seriously injured or killed. When a driver breaks the law and gets into an accident, there's usually just some damage to their car, which they have insurance specifically to fix, and pay any potential medical bills from minor injuries. There's no bike insurance. The problem is that it creates a completely different mentality.
The big difference is that in any other software scenario, people are fully capable of adding anything they want to the software. If I want to add something to my Windows PC, if I can write it, I can do it. Period. I can write a program to completely implode my computer, if I really wanted to. And Microsoft won't do anything to stop me. I might get a couple of warning from the PC telling me it's a really bad idea to do what I'm about to do, but that's about it. If Microsoft later does it, then fine, but at least if they don't do it the same way I wanted or the same way I did it, I can overwrite their changes and go back to the way I wanted it in the first place. This isn't the case with Apple. The f.lux developers attempted to get f.lux on iOS for quite some time, and practically pleaded with Apple to get it done...and Apple said, "Fuck off." Then, mysteriously, some time later, an iOS update just happens to have it? C'mon. They flat out deliberately made sure f.lux would never thrive because Apple wanted to implement it themselves so that core iOS looks better. No one prevented you from adding a toaster into your Honda if you really wanted to. No one prevented me from doing anything to my Windows PC or Android Phone if I really wanted to. But Apple deliberately prevented f.lux from being on iOS so that they could take the idea for themselves. That is shady as hell.
&gt; I have met way too many degree and master degree qualified "developers" who are absolutely shit to think degrees work in any way. Agreed. When I was in school, most of my classmates had no idea what they were doing in the advanced level classes...and then they graduate and get jobs where they're completely winging it and have no real passion for software development (and only went in for the pay). A lot of the people I've worked with in the past had absolutely no idea what they were doing. Their code was shit, hard to read, and unmanageable. Their degree didn't make them good at their job, and I question how much they really learned getting that degree, because they make mistakes I learned to avoid when I was 14 (like naming every variable in the entire program a single letter from the alphabet starting with a).
Except I had given them permission on Day 1. The second they said that there was an issue with my gallbladder I asked if I needed it. They said no. I said take it out. I can't sue them if I gave them permission to do it. Plus, I had to fight with my insurance company to even get them to pay, because there was no medical reason for me to be in the hospital for 4 days for a gallbladder operation. So much bullshit for a single operation.
&gt; Wait no. If it was, then you would have berated me with "deals" and told me the human eye can only see 30fps. People at GameStop try to pull that shit? Surprised they don't say 24fps, and then try to give the bullshit about how that's why movies are filmed like that and all that bullshit.
There was a thread about a year or so ago, where someone [claimed that they] had a tape of the original airing of the episode, and it had Nibbler's shadow on it. I also believe that there were several interviews where the creators mentioned that they knew that Nibbler (or one of his race) would play some role in regards to Fry's freezing, but they didn't know what at the time. The whole Brain Sphere episode was planned much later, but the idea of Fry being frozen for a reason was supposedly planned from the beginning.
I don't even understand how an inquiry of, "Give me my last order's details" is even considered legitimate. Why would I contact support for that, ever? I can log into my account and check. It has all the details. Someone contacting support asking for that information screams phishing to me.
One of the sides of the tail cuts off. But it has some of the highest HP a tail can have, similar to Rajang's tail. You'll have to spend the entire fight focused on it, and I would recommend going after the tip to ensure it counts toward the tail cut.
You have to roll into the enemy to activate the Aerial Jump. Basically, the jump part of the roll is a literal first jump. If you hit an enemy or even another player, you'll jump up off of them into the air.
&gt; If we're going by Greed Mode, double Ragman in either the Basement or Caves ( I can't remember if they can spawn on the Basement) wins the bullshit award by far. It's usually triple Ragman if you go after the Devil Deal in the Basement. I seem to get that way too much.
I guess you've never heard the story of the developers who made Game Dev Tycoon. The game, when pirated, worked perfectly fine. Until you went to release your first game. Every game you release failed because of piracy. Pirating was the only way to get that reason for a failed release. So the developers knew exactly who had pirated when they started complaining on forums about how they could never successfully release a game. For quite some time no one realized that this anti-piracy existed. It's absolutely hilarious. Also the Serious Sam 3 Developers added an invincible Man-Scorpion enemy to the first level that was super fast and would just follow you around and kill you (it didn't appear until about half way through the level, when you get the Pistol). Basically...smart developers go toe-to-toe with Internet pirates, and win enough that it's absolutely amazing.
&gt; I think it really took off at the Siege of the North, and that is where Zuko begins to get fleshed out more as a character. I need to watch this show again soon. I think it's a little earlier, in The Blue Spirit. Although Zuko dons the mask specifically so that he can prevent Zhao from being the one to bring in the Avatar, the little conversation Aang has with him afterward makes it apparent that there's more to Zuko than meets the eye.
His whole hatred towards kids was introduced from the very beginning and is one of the major points of development for Picard entirely. It's also basically the only use Wesley's character was by the end, because it helped Picard deal with the fact that he was going to have to work on a starship with families and children, and he wasn't a fan of children (I believe he states that they have no place on a starship, which is technically true). He develops into dealing with situations he doesn't necessarily like, which helps him become a better captain overall.
He grows up in two separate spots. In early Season 2 Angel he does a lot of growing up in regards to not being so stuck up (he's pretty stuck up in Season 1 Angel still). But the serious growing up for his character is when he gets his throat slit, and then immediately afterward in the hospital Angel starts suffocating him screaming that he's going to kill Wesley while being dragged away by the nurses. All of his friends abandon him, and he learns how to continue fighting the good fight while being a normal human with normal abilities and nothing special what so ever. He's a ***significantly*** different person from that point on.
One of the most interesting takes on the medieval type fantasy settings was in *The Wheel of Time*. Have you read it? [MASSIVE Wheel of Time Spoilers](#b "It's shown that the world in that franchise is *after* a basically apocalyptic event in which vastly superior technological knowledge was lost and everything returned to the Dark Ages 3,000 years before the story begins. It's also alluded to that it's actually the future of our current world (with artifacts that resemble real-life objects, like a Mercedes car logo). Magic is discovered and everything gets exponentially better for a while. Then some magical people do some stupid shit and all hell breaks loose as a result. I like this take on the concept. Magic improves the world beyond what technology is capable of, until they take it too far and fuck up on a colossal scale.")
It's easier to make it seem like it's more widespread because it's very easy to broadcast about every single crime that ever happens. Fifty years ago, if someone blew someone else's brains out in Istanbul, no one in the US would know, and it's likely they wouldn't even know what Istanbul was. Today, if someone shoots someone else's toe off in Istanbul, it's on the News as the greatest act of violence in the last fifteen minutes and the media makes sure you know that that poor stupid son of a bitch got his toe shot off.
In an anime I watched, Code Geass, a side antagonist named Mao gets the ability to read minds. At first, he can selectively choose which minds to read, but as his ability matures he stops being able to control it. He basically goes insane because when he's near people, he literally hears all of their thoughts, all the time, without end unless he gets out of range of them. I can't imagine a worse living hell.
&gt; Everyone seems to expect perfection. I think the problem is that there's a lot of bias towards characters like Bastion where you can do basically nothing and "wreck the enemy". Mei is a high skill character that requires you to know what you're doing to be able to use her, and when you don't use her well you can hurt your own team. It's definitely a hard thing to get used to and use well, but I think as the game gets older we'll start seeing really good Meis and the bitching will reduce dramatically when that happens.
Except I've read every lease I've ever signed in full and none of them say, "We're allowed to do whatever the fuck we want and our negligence causing your property to get stolen isn't our problem." Burden of Proof is on me, of course, but the lease isn't some magic document that means that they can do whatever the hell they want and are absolved of all responsibility.
That's a blanket clause to cover when someone breaks into the place and steals. However, negligence is a completely different ball field and if I can prove negligence then that blanket statement won't save them. When you have the ability to prevent a crime like robbery before it even happens and willingly don't, like by not replacing locks when a new tenant moves in, you're responsible for the result. I would win a lawsuit under these conditions regardless of blanket statements in my lease unless it specifically went over not replacing locks, which no legitimate lease would ever do.
Why would Jon and Sansa fight for the Iron Throne? This is the first time I've heard this theory and with the information I've seen I don't understand the basis of it. Jon's goal is to defend the north from the White Walkers he knows are coming. Sansa's goal is to retake Winterfell and slaughter the Boltons who raped her and did all kinds of other horrible things to her. Neither have an objective of the Iron Throne right now, and neither have. Sansa may want to get revenge against the Lannisters, but I don't see her aiming for the Iron Throne. She may be like Arya and have a list of people she wants dead, but she'll go Littlefinger mode and fuck them backhandedly, but even after that I *still* don't see her trying to take the throne for herself.
Thank you. It's been years since I saw this scene so I don't remember at all either.
This could mean multiple things. - The eyes of the people she will kill. The most literal interpretation. Eyes you'll shut forever implies she kills those with those eyes. - The eyes of the faces she will wear. She'll shut them forever because she'll stop using those faces, thus those eyes will never look again. - Someone mentioned that in the books Jaqen has multi-colored eyes. It's possible that prolonged usage of faces alters your eye colors, at which point this would be an interesting interpretation. She sees brow eyes, blue eyes, and green eyes all staring back at her because her eyes become all of those colors at once. Eyes you'll shut forever could simply be a second foreshadowing indicating deaths she will partake in. The important part here is since Arya is in such a dire situation, we can hope this also means that Arya will survive to meet Mel again. But Mel has been wrong before.
It's possible it's not even a merge. Just because GRRM insists it's not true doesn't mean it's not true. He could just not want to ruin the surprise. He could like seeing people theorycraft even if they're wrong and lied to keep it going. He could just be a bastard and wants to see the world burn as they try to figure it out. We really don't know. Just like how they said Jon was dead and gone, but wasn't. Don't believe everything you hear. Besides, in the show, how can you say they "poorly" merged two characters when one was not part of the equation at any single point in time until now? It's not like they had Coldhands running around for days then go, "Oh he's Benjen."
Considering one of the top posts is "Child with smallpox" I noped the fuck out of there.
&gt; I was on IV Dilaudid (synthetic heroin). My boss brought in a laptop (the hospital had wifi) and told me to get work done during my stay. I’m a Controller (Accountant). Trying to run numbers while hopped up is impossible. Douche grade “A”. The second he wanted you to work while you were in the hospital he no longer had any right to force you to take vacation days. You were no longer off. That's bullshit. The making you take the vacation in the first place thing is very dickish, but nothing unsurprising considering the amount of time he would be, in theory, losing you for. But once that laptop appeared that shit is out the window.
Everything's so green and not destroyed...it looks weird.
Frontier is a Subscription game, that's true. However I believe that it's F2P up to HR100 now. Should give an idea of how insanely grindy the game is. But unless you're speaking from experience, I doubt anyone has gotten banned specifically because they were using a VPN. I played the game for like 3-4 years and was never banned or even had the fear. I've played *multiple* JP MMO's (which are almost all IP blocked, by the way), and have never faced a ban from using VPNs. Is it possible? Sure, technically the game is for residents of Japan only. Will it happen? Almost a 0% chance. If you get banned it will far more likely be because you did something you shouldn't have been doing than because you used a VPN. The reason why VPNs are not a reason to fear banning is because although the game is only for residents of Japan, there's no reason they should assume that because you're using a VPN it means you're not a resident. They have no way to prove you're not using a VPN for a different reason, and unless it's a very public VPN they can't even tell you're using a VPN without a through investigation that quite frankly isn't worth the time or effort unless you're causing problems (and ultimately means you got banned for a different reason).
&gt; It still has a shitload more hoops to jump through than just going on steam, paying once, and installing. It definitely does, no question there. It used to be worth it but the game is so insanely grindy now I would never recommend it. &gt; Seems like i've been a victim of the vocal Minority then. Most everytime i've tried to look into getting MH:F its been completely sub based, and people using trusted PAID vpn's were being DC'd consistantly and even more were being banned because JP caught on to them, or other players reported them. In the 3-4 years I played, I never heard of anyone getting banned for using a VPN. It might have happened...or far more likely they were running around lobbies yelling racial slurs and being stupid. Much like PSO2's Ship 2 shenanigans when the game first launched in Japan. People made themselves targets and then blamed the fact that they were using VPN's when they eventually got banned for acting like jackasses. In Japanese MMOs, it's all about etiquette. Etiquette is very important in their culture. When you follow it, nothing bad happens. When you don't, you get reported by players which leads to investigations which can lead to getting banned. I know there was a paid VPN that was multiple servers, and the servers themselves could get IP blocked, and so the server eventually got shut down and a new one was created. It happened frequently and was frustrating to deal with if a server got blocked while you were playing. But at this point in time, that's not an issue anymore with cloud services, where you can use a private instanced server based in Japan as your proxy.
Nintendo has been doing a lot to get its consoles to succeed recently. If only the Wii U wasn't a piece of shit, it'd be awesome. But the 3DS certainly has gotten a lot of great games because of them recently, including Monster Hunter and now Dragon Quest. I can't complain. If they want to support us getting the good games, then I more than welcome them to do so. I wouldn't be surprised if Dragon Quest VII and VIII are only coming to the US because of Nintendo.
It's nice to know that they removed the SR system, it was honestly pretty trash. Reranking on every weapon type individually was insanely unfun. Even so, requiring HR999 is still pretty bad, even if they increased HRP rates (I bet there's a few weekly quests that give a ton?). Even the SR system only required 500 to unlock. &gt;They included armour spheres which basically replaces many of the items needed to upgrade equipment's, so that cuts like 80% of the grind. What, you didn't enjoy grinding Rathalos High Rank Scales like crazy for those armor pieces that needed a ton of them but you got very few every run and no one cared to do him? Honestly, even with these changes, even if there was only typical MH grind, I wouldn't be able to recommend the game. The new engine with Tri, and especially the changes in 4, made that old engine extremely dated. I know they've done a lot to keep it up to par, but it's just not the same. Add on the new styles in Generations...anyone who's used to all that stuff won't be able to go back. I honestly think they need to make Frontier 2 at this point, that old Dos engine is too dated no matter how much you modify it. Even MHO isn't that great when you compare it to Generations. MHO looks really nice and has a few flashy moves, but that's all it really has going for it; it still has the feel of an older MH game.
In the DS version, I know there's portraits with their faces on it, especially in battle. I don't remember if the hair color changes with that portrait, though.
To be fair, Nera gets married to her childhood friend or whoever (I forget the guy's name or background) if you marry Bianca, while Bianca dies old and alone at her father's farm if you marry Nera.
Surprised you were able to beat the fake queen with just the Hero and Harry. That boss hits hard as hell.
Third'd the Suikoden suggestion. Suikoden II is one of my favorite games of all time (closely followed by DQV), and the connections between all three games are phenomenally done.
They'll probably show up later on, when recruiting to fight the White Walkers, but I agree. I think the Game kind of storyline is over for Dorne. Which is good, it wasn't really that great to have. It didn't provide anything of value and overall it was an additional set of new characters we didn't need because they had no relevance to anything else.
Yeah, you can't expect the writing to be on par 24/7. Even the books aren't perfect. I remember all the complaints two seasons ago about how utterly boring and slow Bran's trip to the Weirwood tree was in the books.
&gt; and he gets the girl? He doesn't, that's the point. She was looking for sex, and basically that's it. She specifically mentions how she only went with him because he wasn't complicated (IE: He knew it was just for sex and not a relationship). Also, if I remember correctly, they stop it in the same episode.
The thing about Laurel's death... Even though everyone hates it, they all forget the part where, months prior, they were all complaining about Sara's resurrection and how "death has no meaning on this show." As much as Season 4 sucked ass, the one thing they promised, and actually delivered on, was that the death shown at the beginning of the season with the grave scene was final, and that there would be no take-backsies. Going back on that is going to ruin the little credibility they have left. I'm not happy that they killed Laurel either. I've never really read the comics, but Laurel felt like the least expendable character of the group. But it doesn't change the fact that everyone insisted they kill someone and keep it final, and when they did, because it wasn't who they liked they suddenly went full reversal and are insisting that that person be revived, in complete contrast to what they wanted in the first place. When you're that much of a flip-flopper, you shouldn't be surprised when no one listens to your other arguments.
Or they just think it will do well because it's a spin off based on a *very* popular franchise (Minecraft). Much how we most likely got DQH because it's a spin off based on Dynasty Warriors, which similar spin offs have gotten pretty good success with recently (like the Zelda one). We haven't gotten a DQ game that plays like DQ in quite some time, and there hasn't been a short supply of them.
You might be able to get it on Hulu the day after it airs on TV, but I don't know if SyFy has a deal with them for that. That's how I keep up to date on other shows like The Flash and Brooklyn Nine-Nine.
There's actually a slightly higher subscription fee to get rid of ads now. Honestly compared to the price of paying for cable, it doesn't bother me too much.
Thank you. I love Mei but the last thing she needs is a nerf. Her Ult easily counterable, is on the difficult side to aim unless it's a spot directly in front of you, and she gives a warning message when she uses it. I see people watch me lob it at them and continue to stand where they were or in the same general area, then complain about the fact that they got killed because my Ult froze them and it was unfair. No. It's not unfair. There's tons of warning for it, you just didn't pay attention. No one does. It's not instantly killing like Junkrat's is so they don't pay attention to it.
After freezing you just enough so you can watch them do it.
I think you mean how badly Nick treated Korra.
Yeah, agreed completely, and why I seriously don't think she'll die. But it doesn't change the fact that that scene scared the shit out of me cause I thought she was going to die. And sadly, she still could.
Why would Jamie ever help Sansa, though? It makes no sense.
She ***tore*** that congresswoman apart. It was so fucked up.
Even Tom looked mortified when he left that room later.
Tom definitely had a, "Oh my fucking god what just happened," look on his face after they did the deed.
And now everyone except the minor roles are typecasted to hell and back with their GoT roles. Not necessarily a bad thing but it has hurt actors in the past.
I need to rewatch after this season. I legitimately do not remember that at all.
Arya + Nymeria is a pretty big one for book readers because she's warging into Nymeria during her sleep in the books. For the show, Nymeria hasn't even been mentioned in five seasons except in very small tidbits that aren't important.
Very unlikely. Littlefinger is more in love with Sansa (because she reminds him of Caitlyn) than anything else. According to the show runners, he had no idea what he was handing Sansa to when he gave her to the Boltons. It's unlikely that he has any negative intentions of that scale toward her.
I wouldn't call that plummeting. I would call it a decrease.
I love that the Rowd fight is beatable, even if it doesn't change the story. It makes me a little sad that there's a similar fight in Suikoden III, but you can't win instead (the enemies just have infinite health). When I was playing III for the first time, I was stuck on this fight for a while because I was keeping my health up but the enemy would never die. I ended up looking it up and finding out that you have to lose, and was disappointed at the wasted potential.
1 introduces a lot of the characters you see in 2, and it makes 2 more meaningful when certain characters appear because of this. It's especially interesting to see certain characters that were your ally in 1 as enemies in 2. Story wise, 2 is very much a sequel to 1, and while it's not necessary to have played 1, it dramatically improves the story if you have. 1 does a lot of universe building that 2 pretty much assumes you already know, like what the deal is with True Runes and such. That being said, gameplay wise 1 has basically nothing new. A lot of the systems are less refined. If I remember correctly, Suikoden 1 was a launch release for the PSX, and it shows. Suikoden 2 was released much later and has much more polish. I will admit that some of the stuff after Luca is slow, but that's the point. The game is about a war and that war is basically on a hiatus while both sides recover from the ordeal that was Luca Blight's reign of terror. The biggest problem in the game has to do with getting to and from Gregminster, which is the last area you visit before the battle with Luca. The forest path to Gregminster is long and tedious, and if I remember correctly you can't use any items to exit it easily. Unfortunately if you're going for 100% you'll go through this area way too many times, which can be boring when you're not even interested in the encounters because they stopped being difficult a while ago.
The majority of the time when I face off against a McCree, if he's already used his Flashbang, I almost always win. Sometimes I hit a good aimer, but most of the time people are unable to keep up with such close range tracking and spam their shots but miss most, which is more than enough time to murder him.
I think the idea is that there will be 5 Barry's, as someone has to stop Season 2 Flash from stopping Nora from being killed.
Alright so I have a problem withe Season 1 Flash disappearing into nothingness. What happened to the whole Time Remnant concept? Shouldn't Season 1 Flash be a Time Remnant whose timeline has been removed from existence? But for no apparent reason, he disappears. This is contrary to the concept of Zoom/RF where they can pick up themselves from other timelines because those timelines are doomed (which is exactly what Season 1 Flash's timeline is right now).
Never said I needed Cryo Freeze to beat McCree, and in fact Cryo Freeze doesn't even remotely assist against McCree unless you can accurately predict when the McCree will use Flashbang because Flashbang's stun prevents usage of Cryo Freeze and McCree should be able to hit every shot of his clip if he's stunned you which will kill a Mei from full health. &gt; Frankly if you think Mei is as good as McCree close range you haven't been fanned enough. Both characters CDs being up, McRee should cause Mei to run with her wall if not die. I've had very little issue taking out McCree's in CQ when it's a pure 1v1 with only non-cooldown attacks. Once in a while I lose, I'm not going to lie and say I always win, but my kill rate in this kind of scenario is significantly higher than my death rate. Maybe I've only really played against bad McCree's, it's not impossible. Considering his OP tier status that people give him, it's obvious a lot of people will flock to him regardless of skill level, and that may have an effect on the results. However, I can't really give input on something I can't confirm one way or another, I can only speak of my experience with this pair up.
Most people don't understand that defense lawyers are a foundation that the country's trial system was fundamentally based on. Are there slimy ones that will, for god only knows what reason, do some borderline illegal things and definitely unethical things to get their clients off? Sure, but you'll find similar people in every single field there is. The only difference is when they fuck someone over, they basically do it to their face. Meanwhile a corrupt CEO or Lobbyist does it from an armchair. There are fucked up people everywhere, in every role. And then there are people who are just trying to do what's right, but they get flak by association.
Actually, it doesn't matter. You've downloaded the picture just by going to the page. 2 years.
I know you can, but that doesn't mean I understand why you ever would.
&gt; Is this an issue you feel he will proactively seek resolve? Will he take action towards legislation? Unlikely. I suspect it's simply a topic he touched on because he had to and he was pretty damn vague intentionally.
I still don't understand how this is considered by anyone to be counting. &gt; You can use it, but if you get it to use, you're going to jail. So....I can't use it? &gt; No, no, you can use it. You just can't have it. How can I use it if I can't have it? &gt; You can't.
Don't feel too bad. It was ruined almost immediately by everyone and everywhere. I used to play MapleStory back then. It wasa megaphone'd in the first like hour. A gathering for an event had it spammed non-stop. It was probably the first major thing spoiled by the Internet at such a scale.
They should have shown the sword actually come down. She does one of those fake swings and then the camera cuts away. It was shot in a way that felt like they intentionally wanted us to believe that Stannis could have survived. In fact, I saw a theory a few days or weeks ago that said that it was done intentionally because the books hadn't shown his outcome yet, and they were hoping that the book would release indicating it before they started the next season. If true, that would give a decent explanation as to why they didn't show him dead. They intentionally gave us hope...just so they could take it away. D&amp;D are Zoom.
He can only change something that he has already changed. It's something that's already happened, he just hasn't done it yet. This means that he can't revive Robb. But things that have already happened he could have caused. He caused Hodor's seizure, but he didn't do it because he knew it was going to happen. He can't go, "I hate that my dad is dead!" and change the past, unless he was already going to do that, which he didn't so he won't. It's a closed loop time travel scenario, which can be pretty confusing, but ultimately everything we've seen has already happened and cannot be changed, even by Bran.
I don't think either are genuine. The only one who might have been was Sanders, but he's basically lost at this point so it doesn't matter what he may or may not have done. Trump loves sound bytes. He loves saying shit. He loves his own voice. He knows what people want to hear. He's constantly said what people want to hear to get the votes he needs to succeed. He's a master manipulator, and a billionaire. The billionaire part is important because it means no one can buy him off. This means that the only way we're ever going to see legalization with him in control is if he actually wants it. But does he? There's no way to know, because he'll talk out his ass for the next decade just to hear himself talk, and touch on every situation in existence and still not answer anything. Because that's the type of person he is. Clinton is a liar, a criminal, and a double crosser. We have absolutely no chance of ever getting anything in the people's favor with her in control. She's already been bought out, I'm not even sure how there are people who don't notice this. Legalization will never happen with her because she's not going to get paid to legalize. So do we have a better chance with Trump? Sure. But do we have a good chance with Trump? Probably not. Most likely he was talking out of his ass because he enjoys it and because it'll get him a few points to say nothing about it but appear as if he's saying something about it.
It's true. I had some lady flip out on me because I called her Ma'am. She insisted I was implying that she was old by calling her Ma'am. No, bitch, I just don't know your name and wanted to show some respect, something that's become abundantly clear you don't deserve.
&gt; Most people will deny it until the other person gives up, or get all defensive about how it was not a big deal. I'll go one step further. I've had people try to convince me why they're right even though it's been made abundantly clear that they're wrong. If it's something like a procedure or process (like at a job), they'll try to convince everyone that their illogical and incorrect method is better. It's the fucking worst, because there's always that guy who's against authority so they'll agree with this guy just to "stick it to the man" and as a result you end up in an actual argument, or worse, a meeting, over this kind of ridiculous bullshit, where you have one guy who uses the asshole as his backup for his bad argument.
It must be. I remember reading one of their posts since I moved, and that was only two months ago.
I had a Skyrim game spiral out of control because of animals being able to report crimes, it's so stupid. Ran into a couple on a mountain. They were assholes to me. So I killed them, as is typical in Sandbox games like this. Except I forgot to save beforehand, and hadn't saved in some time. I got a 1000 gold bounty because their horse saw it and ran off. I chased the horse through the woods, and finally took it out...but it was too late. I was close enough to the city that someone saw me kill the horse. Bounty increased...too much to just be able to pay it off. Now every guard in the universe wants me dead. Was a tad upset I couldn't just pay it off at that point. So I murdered every guard in the city. I got rid of the auto-aggression somehow, I guess everyone who would attack me was dead. I tried paying off the debt to the local Jarl. Only, he'd had enough of my shit. It was either go to jail for years, or fight him. So I tried to kill him. Except he was important, so he couldn't die. So I tried console commands. Except even with a 0 bounty...they still wanted me to go to jail. Was sad. I didn't want to redo all the stuff since my last legitimate save (was like an hour or so of playtime)...so I just stopped playing the save entirely. What a waste.
"Justic---ARGH!"
Yeah, "dps" and "wipe" are typically MMORPG terms (Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game). Starcraft is an RTS (Real Time Strategy). DPS stands for Damage Per Second, typically important when trying to take out a boss or determining how good damage dealers are doing. Wipe stands for basically everyone died and you had to start over. If you wipe in Starcraft, you lost the match and there's no trying again because you're going to get wrecked by the enemy's forces if you haven't already.
I hate PotG anyway. It's a badly implemented mechanic. 95% of the time it just goes to whoever got the most consecutive kills in a short period of time. But that rarely makes the game a win for that team, unless it directly resulted in taking the point or victory. But often, I'll see a PotG go to a Bastion or Reaper that got two or three kills in a row, but then did nothing else. Meanwhile, I've shut down an entire point grab for 30+ seconds, and it doesn't count even though those 30 seconds were in overtime and prevented an enemy victory. Hell, screw PotG, sometimes my own personal highlight doesn't catch that kind of play.
I wouldn't be surprised if Blizzard could rig the game to look at your network adapter's state, if they really wanted to do something about it.
I don't get the choice of Archangel. I mean, he's cool and all, but he has no real powers. He was the weakling of the four, by far. Psylocke didn't feel even remotely amped up after you saw her powers get "improved" by him, so I don't get that one either. For Storm, it felt more like he was unlocking her lightning abilities more than anything, but we didn't really get a good example of her pre-amping abilities at all. Magneto was the only one who definitely got supercharged, but he's also the only one we had a pre-charging basis for besides Archangel outside of those few seconds before they got charged.
&gt; Was the last fight, the only fight? I honestly cannot remember. It was pretty bad. It was the only fight. Which I think is part of the reason some people weren't happy with the movie. It's basically all story for about an hour and a half and little to no action. Similar to why people hated on Batman vs Superman so much (although BvS had less of a reason for so much story, because it was dragged out for sure). Psylocke, Storm, and Magneto only fight in the final fight. We get a very, very minor preview of Storm and Psylocke's powers when Apocalypse is recruiting them. Outside of that, they didn't do shit.
The Phoenix Force has always been its own tier of OP.
&gt; He doesn't (meaning they were just following him because they liked what he was saying),... I think he doesn't, but they were drunk with the power he gave them. The reason he wanted Xavier was because he would have gained the ability to control everyone with Xavier's powers. Take a look at each person who joined Apocalypse when they joined him. * Archangel - Angry, upset, and literally drunk due to being partially disabled due to the cagefighting. When Apocalypse repairs his wings, makes them better, AND makes them metal, he immediately thinks that this guy will help him get revenge for all the wrongdoing. He also buffed him, and thus he enjoys the new power. Archangel doesn't actually turn on Apocalypse either. * Storm - She's a thug. She's stealing money, probably to survive, and uses her mutant powers to assist her in doing this. Apocalypse comes by, gives her a massive boost, and as a result she finds a leader to follow. She's clearly never really had this before. But she turns on him because of what she sees from him when he starts to fail his plans. He's not a leader, he's just an asshole. Apocalypse's first response to seeing Archangel dead is, "What a waste." She realizes that he's not what she wants to follow, and she's convinced completely when she sees Magneto turn on him too. * Magneto - Apocalypse comes to Magneto immediately after the death of his family. He's broken, he's hurt, and a lot of people in that state just want to watch the world burn because that's how it feels to them. And that's what he starts doing. But when he sees that people who actually still care about him are about to die for no reason what so ever, he realizes that he still has people who really do care about him (something he most likely forgot entirely). He realizes he doesn't want to see more people he cares about die, so he rebels. * Psylocke - Gets drunk with power...and doesn't turn on Apocalypse. As much as I like Psylocke, she's insanely one-dimensional in this movie. &gt; ... and at the end of the film everyone just forgives magneto (and storm by association) for murdering millions of people and causing irreparable infrastructure damage. I'm not so sure that anyone realizes he was the cause of all the damage. From the audio news report we hear at the end of the movie, it appears that the only story that was told is that Magneto helped defend the world against Apocalypse, who was causing all the problems. Basically, the fact that Magneto was the one causing the magnetic disturbances was left out of the story intentionally. You know what really bothers me about this film though? How did they get that plane to the pyramid? That thing is made out of a lot of metal, yet is completely ignored by Magneto? I don't believe that for a second. The plane should have been destroyed before they had a chance to do anything.
&gt;(though if it's anything like the old movies, it'll be kinda creepy) Considering Jean is like ~18 years old if not younger in this movie while Wolverine is at least 60....yeah.
The funny thing is that I never really played WoW when it was apparently such a good game. A friend tried to get me to play it a few months back, and it's so dated I don't know how it's still alive. The only thing I can think of is that people are so fueled by nostalgia that they keep playing it even though it's ancient. It played clunky, there were missing textures (checked my files multiple times), it looked really old, and I had issues getting NPCs to appear to start the first questline (they were literally invisible until after I started it, so I had to guess at where they were based on the bad minimap). Hell, I play DFO and it feels less dated than WoW does, and DFO is nearly the same age and made by a developer no where near the scale of Blizzard. That's not to say the games that are often called WoW killers are any better. Their problem is that they are followers. They took the formula of WoW and attempted to "approve upon it". But that's not how you compete. The MMO's I've enjoyed are ones that are their own game. Ragnarok Online, DFO, and Dragon Quest X are all MMO's that are nothing like WoW and that's why they're fun. Games like WildStar, Tera, etc., clearly used WoW as their baseline and worked from there, which is why I never even hit cap in any of those games.
To be fair, what were they going to show? The area was pitch black, intentionally. That's how she won, by fighting blind. It wouldn't have felt right to have magic light so that we could see the fight. I'm more annoyed by the Blackfish's off-screen death.
&gt; Did different people write the episodes, with only the briefest of communication between them? It honestly feels like S6E7's Arya scenes were written by someone who was a novice with the lore and character, and somehow no one realized shit was messed up until it was too late to do something about it. Everything in S6E7 about Arya was off. It didn't make sense. I didn't buy most of the theories either, but she had no plan, nothing. She seriously thought master assassins wouldn't be mad that she intentionally mucked up a contract. Yet in the episode prior, it was clear she did. Then suddenly she didn't anymore? It doesn't make sense. The whole scene was off, and I don't know who is to blame but someone fucked up badly.
Not only that, but isn't one of Cersei's crimes incest? Wouldn't her being convicted of that confirm the "Cersei's kids are not Baratheon"? This would immediately dethrone Tommen. Tommen is literally nothing but a puppet being used by everyone else. He has no mind of his own at this point.
The only thing I really hope for is a fixed UI on PC. Everything else is unnecessary fluff, but that PC UI is total garbage without the SkyUI mod, and modding is a slippery slope for me so I try to avoid it.
Considering Milk of the Poppy is Opium, you could, in theory, say that she was as high as a kite and that's why she was able to do it without writhing in pain the entire time. But her being able to just prance away after talking to Jaqen was total bullshit. Right before that scene she was clearly in pain, clearly barely standing.
Arya's training only included the blindness because it was punishment for her disobedience.
For $2 billion, you can turn around and remake it...or work on the probably 6 billion other ideas you have. If you made the Rift, I guarantee you have other concepts you can't work on because of a lack of time and money. Neither of those things would be an issue anymore.
As someone who is still at work...what did I miss? As far as I can tell, it's just been Zelda and then Pokemon for, like, ever? Is that all there was?
I bought a Wii U for Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate. I played it for about 250-300 hours on the Wii U alone. I still feel like it wasn't worth it. The Wii U just doesn't have enough games. Even with this Zelda.
Unfortunately not much other than what /u/kaminzy posted, Legend of Grimrock 2 and Etrian Odyssey. Outside of that, older games are very common to have these kinds of mechanics (but more because they don't have a map at all). If I remember correctly, Ultima 7 and 8 are big ones for that, but it's been so long since I've played them I could be completely misremembering. It's unfortunately something you just don't see in recent titles.
So how is Peter Pan a children's story?
&gt; Well, in real life, something like that would probably knock you out. While wearing a helmet? How fast do *you* walk into signs? I would say dazed at most, even without a helmet.
Yeah, that's why I put "alt text" in quotes. It's technically title text, because it's set with the title attribute on the img tag, but they were referring to it as alt text.
If the Masters were in control of the Sons of the Harpy the whole time, then they most likely already knew, but were hoping to pretend like nothing was their fault until Tyrion called them out on it. They were hoping the city would collapse in on itself and they would waltz right in and take over, but when Tyrion proved capable of dealing with their shenanigans they realized they needed to just attack and get it over with.
I don't get this, though. Don't they want Dany out? The fleet being burned only solidifies that she's not going anywhere because she can't. They could have waited a few months and when she sailed away there would have been nothing to stop the masters from taking over again.
Hey, better than my search. All I got was apparently a car brand? I have no idea.
/r/nocontext
I always thought the men were just smooth down there. In all seriousness, though, I hate how much they stuff it down our throats (not literally, please for the love of god not literally). That scene with the actor kid who had his dick in the camera for like 15 seconds was completely unnecessary. But then again, I think that there's no need to have tits on the screen half of the time either, and they do it just because HBO says they have to. There's few scenes where it's fine, like in Littlefinger's brothel in the early seasons, but at this point it feels like there's nudity just because there needs to be nudity.
It's a fair point that the Masters wouldn't really know if/when she was going to leave. I guess I can see why they would burn all the ships without that knowledge.
They have autosave settings for when you change maps. But if I'm on the same map for a while and then the game crashes, all my progress is lost. I'm proposing a system where the game automatically saves after X period of time regardless of when you last changed maps.
Because they think it's fine to eat us. Seriously. Get knocked out in a pig pen, and those bastards will eat you alive they don't give a shit. A dog will eat you to survive, but a pig will eat you because you look mighty tasty. Hey, pigs are mighty tasty.
If they're so smart... It was a joke.
It's possible a degree can be superseded in the US by experience. But you need ***a lot*** of it. For example, a job that needs 2-3 years of experience with a degree they'll expect you to have at least 10 for the same position. Unless you can really prove yourself worth it, but often you never get that opportunity because you don't get the interview. You also can't legally get any "Engineer" position in the US because the title requires a US Degree, no way around it. But your title doesn't necessarily have to be Engineer related, unless it's a front-facing position.
As someone who mained bow in my JP playthrough of Generations...I felt like I was cheating on Adept Style. The other three styles didn't feel even remotely comparable to the insanely beneficial aggressive playstyle you can deploy when running Adept Bow. I will say though that there are some fights where it can hurt you. I was grinding for the Crimson Helmet Arzuros armor, and his swipe spam can wreck you if you dodge the first swipe, because he just doesn't stop and you can't cover enough distance to get away from him.
Malfestio is a weird fight when you first fight him. Nargacuga is definitely harder for newer players. The second you understand perfect dodging, Nargacuga is piss easy. Especially if you're running Adept with any weapon that gets Adept Dodge.
Yeah but they're pretty easy to avoid while Narga can cover the entire map pretty easily and if you have no idea that you can dodge *through* him then you would be hard pressed to find an opening.
Typically it's pretty fair to assume that unless the show specifically sets the time period it's occurring whenever the show aired.
The Buu Saga was honestly terrible. Because the bad guy was literally invulnerable. It was gigantic segments of power creep where the power creep literally did nothing at all and they have to get more creep. There's only so many times you can do, "LOL you thought that was going to kill me but I'm even more powerful than either of us thought!" and it was done to hell with Cell.
The Cell Games one is the one most commonly believed, but I think it's part of the fact that everything after it is terrible, especially how badly they fucked Gohan after he was such a badass at the end of the Cell Games and then he turned into a pussy.
If Rip tried to save Laurel before the Oculus was destroyed...what indicates that Laurel really can't be saved? How do we know the Time Masters weren't intentionally manipulating her death? Yet another flaw in his response. You know, aside from the fact that he gives a very vague reason for why Laurel has to die. "You all just magically die somehow, that's why."
I'll give you that, but the prologue to the prologue was literal character assassination of a fan favorite and the winner of the Cell Games.
Yeah, it's basically all resolved with the end of the sixth season. Then they force him to "go on one final assignment" and it's fucking terrible.
Didn't it take all 15 blocks?
&gt; I knew going into all of this that they were going to show up. So did I, but there was a HUGE worry that Jon and Co. would die. I could see that happening. He would die, then the cavalry would show up, so they still win but a bunch of the major characters were dead, leaving Sansa in charge.
Yeah, and they said the next two seasons will probably be less than 10 episodes each as, "the story approaches its end." They suggested 7 episode seasons for the last two seasons, and people kinda just started deciding that that's all there is left.
It was legitimately, "Oh fuck they're going to kill him. His army is way behind him. He's fucking dead and they're drawing it out just to make it worse." Then they save him. Then he starts getting trampled and suffocating under the dead bodies, and ***then*** the sad music starts.... They mind fucked us ***TWICE*** with his apparent death.
Davos was also stuck in the shield wall. He did a bad job. Ultimately I agree that Jon was an idiot because he did exactly what Sansa told him not to, and in the end it almost cost him everything.
I was trying to add a little more on what you were saying, because machotoast didn't seem to believe there were only 14 episodes left, and with the typical 10 episodes a season it seems a tad weird to be 14 left.
&gt; Game of thrones kills off main characters, but there is always a reason for it. If Jon died and lost the battle here the entire northern plot line since Sansa ran from Ramsey would have been meaningless No. Sansa was still going to win. Even if Jon died there, the Bolton army still would have been out in the field when Littlefinger's troops would appear. The Boltons still would have lost. Wun Wun still would have been able to break down the door, and Ramsay still would have lost. But it would have been a very bittersweet victory.
&gt; I got the feeling Sansa was in this entirely to get her house and revenge on Ramsey, and Jon was more focused on saving Rickon. That's exactly what it is. She even basically says that to Jon. She knew Rickon was dead. She accepted him as dead the second it was revealed that Ramsey had Rickon. But Jon didn't. Jon didn't know what Ramsey was capable of. So she knew that he was dead but Jon still had hope. Even after their talk, when he saw Rickon running toward them, he thought he had a chance. That hope was what Ramsey used against Jon. And it paid off. The only reason Jon survived was because of the surprise attack neither Jon nor Ramsey knew about.
Yeah I'm pretty sure his Shield Wall was his Archer battalion. They just never explicitly showed them switching.
&gt; Did Sansa say nothing to Jon of them? No, that's the whole problem. She never told Jon that more men could potentially be coming.
I don't remember the Bill Clinton soundbite, but the badger song is the most horribly retarded thing I've ever been remotely interested in. And I don't even know why I was. It wasn't good, like, at all.
Last time I saw him on screen I literally exclaimed, "How isn't he dead yet?!" At this point he's been revealed to be a liar and a crook so many times I don't know how someone hasn't poisoned him in his sleep yet. Or straight up decapitated him, even in the castle.
&gt; You have to really get into the mind of the original developer, and try to guess at why they do things the way they do. Understand their favorite anti-patterns and their tics. Last Friday, I saw some legacy code that was: if (some condition) { } else { actual result } It took me like 15 minutes to wrap my head around this concept, because it made no fucking sense to me. Why not just reverse the if statement?
&gt; It is still completely free today if you follow in their footsteps of not doing it. Yeah...except when you want a position out of an ever growing list of positions. There are quite a few career paths that you literally cannot get into without a degree (without extreme amounts of luck), regardless of how good you are.
Oh I agree. I don't blame the boomer generation either, my point was just that it was easier for them to start off and make a savings while we basically don't have a chance. &gt; We have a systemic problem without our economic/social institutions that is driving this. Yeah, completely. I've had this discussion in the past with others. The issue is how required a degree is for a lot of fields, and if you don't have it you're basically SOL. That system is ridiculous, because there are a lot of skills you can self learn and end up just as skilled as college would leave you. Skill is irrelevant without the magic piece of paper, it's quite ridiculous and is a system that's doomed to collapse when you consider the cost factor as well.
Well to be fair if I don't want the bread what am I going to do with it? Let it go stale?
That sounds fucking awful. I hate how many people have no idea what they're doing but think they're the shit and make everyone else's lives horrible. &gt; But the people in my immediate team were fine to work with, my boss was awesome (she was my biggest fan and basically waiting to retire), and the pay was very good. So I stayed there for three years. Unfortunately how it works. I've stayed in jobs where one particular person makes everything horrible myself simply because of those reasons. In the end you just deal with it because the end result is worth it.
Makes me sad that my favorite character to play is being used so negatively all the time. Makes people instantly assume I'm up to no good when I pick her.
Would have agreed with you less than 4 months ago. But I moved to Houston recently and there's a place here that well sell &gt;24" pizzas. Russo's New York Pizzeria will sell 28" XL Pizzas. If I remember correctly, Fuzzy Pizza will do something between 24-28. Look, I'm not exactly fit myself, but I have no idea who is ordering those unless they're having a massive party where everyone likes exactly the same toppings, or they intend to eat a slice each meal, because that's insanely huge. I'm not even sure it would fit through my door without rotating it.
Seriously! It's just a weirdly topped pie.
My brother was this way about turkey stuffing. He hates onions, but he loved stuffing. Until he found out onions were used to make it. Now he adamantly refuses to eat it, and even insists that he *never* liked it ever. But we remember. Pepperidge Farm remembers.
&gt; Has no one else experienced this sorta thing as a way to eliminate unwanted competition? It's typically an H-1B scam. They ask for the impossible, but the guys oversea lie and say they have it. No local worker has it, because it's impossible, so when they can't "find an eligible fit", they can use it as an excuse to import work overseas for less money than a correct local fit would cost.
&gt; A police officer can already pull you over on suspicion of a warrant if he recognizes you / your car / runs a tag registered to you. And, right now, even if he doesn't. He could just pull you over because he feels lucky. http://bigstory.ap.org/article/1ef09db1314f4d749a574b3dcb3e5871/supreme-court-rules-police-search-case &gt; We get suspected criminals off the street. Got a traffic ticket? Jaywalk ever? Go even 1MPH over the speed limit? Enjoy being searched. That's what we're headed toward.
It's crazy how long you don't really have a face for Ozai. IIRC, in the Season 1 finale, you just see his mouth. You just know that the Fire Nation is the enemy for the entire show, but you don't really have a perspective of who the leader is.
IMO, there's a significant difference between a laundromat and laundry machines in the complex. When someone says laundromat, I think one of those stores that could be an alcohol store, but instead has 500 washers and dryers lined up one after another and if you leave for 15 seconds your shit is going to get robbed. Meanwhile in complex laundry to me just means some small buildings in the parking lot that have a few laundry machines because the complex is older and doesn't have hookups and the landlord is too cheap to pay for that kind of installation.
Cock Magic a few seasons back was one of the best episodes I've ever seen. I'm also partly biased, though, because I've been a fan of Magic: The Gathering since I was a kid so that might have some influence on my thoughts about it.
How I Met Your Mother was definitely an attempt at recreating Friends.
Freedom Unite, Silver Rathalos. Its taunt while near the tail will kill you and you will never see any of the damage. You just take it, and then suddenly you're dead. The tail animation during his taunt hits like 5-6 times, but it's all "minor" chip damage so if you're doing just about anything your character has no reaction at all.
You're thinking of Monster Hunter Frontier Online, which is a different game. It's available in Japan and Taiwan, maybe one more I don't remember if they've added another server at this point. It's P2P, but there was a Korean server that was F2P that got closed.
No, I can't really blame him, but it doesn't change the fact that he was warned and still fell right into the trap that Sansa knew was coming.
Canada is North Korea confirmed.
That's the most infuriating segment of the article to me. There's way too many contracts that have this clause, but just because a contract has it doesn't mean it's really enforceable. I wonder if you could fight that, because it's absolutely retarded. It's basically saying, "Hey, for using our service, which you pay for, we can do *literally* ***whatever the fuck we want!***. Suck our dicks, you can't do anything about it! Fuckwad!" I don't see how this clause is enforceable. Sometimes, though, it's not about what is or isn't enforceable. They put it in there to scare you. What if it actually is? Then, by trying to fight some ridiculous bullshit they do, you'll have to pay millions in lawyer fees? No one has the money for that!
It's when the executives come to your house telling you they're going to need to fuck your wife if you want to have Internet.
It appears so. Probably Randall's evil scheme.
Don't feel bad. In the US, we have dumbasses forcing us to vote between a flat out criminal and liar or a narcissistic liar. It's the beginning of the end.
If they were all upside down you could just say a dyslexic person made it.
I'm actually a little surprised something so big was allowed to be a &gt;50% vote to pass. There have been far lesser bills in the US that didn't pass because they didn't get 60%+ of the vote.
While that's an admirable thing to do, let's face it: Third parties are never going to win because the vast majority of the public are sheep and have fallen in line with the two party system. It would take some massive fuck ups to make third party voting even remotely viable. You would have to convince 75% of Americans (and that's probably a low-ball number) that third party voting is the right thing to do, and then you'd have to guide them correctly toward the candidate that's not insanely nuts or toxic to America. Just because they're not Democratic and not Republican doesn't mean that they're any better than either of those two.
Not every Targ is immune to fire. Viserys wasn't. Dany has shown immunity to both fire and heat (Just this season she was holding on to braziers by the metal, which would have been extremely hot), Viserys wouldn't have died from the molten gold if he had that trait.
I doubt this season's cliffhanger will be any R + L = J reveal (but that reveal might be in the episode). I'm still betting on it being Bran crossing the Wall and as a result it comes down when the Night King can break through its magic since Bran crossed it. It might not be an immediate destruction (give some fun reunion time, maybe), but I suspect that will be our cliffhanger. Hell, the episode is called "Winds of Winter". I'd be very, very, very surprised if we didn't end with the White Walker threat finally becoming real for Westeros.
I always figured it was sort of a power void that they took over. With no System Lords, no Ori, no anything, there was a lot of ships and resources without anything holding them together. So the Lucian Alliance was able to build a solid foundation pretty easily.
Yeah, but a lot of people either forget about that or for some reason think that it means she's just tolerant of heat when she's very clearly immune to the adverse effects of heat and fire.
And how do we know no knowledge was passed during any of these sessions? Why was he greenseeing for so long? Bloodraven was clearly teaching him how to take over in his place, he could easily have been doing a giant knowledge download and Bran took that long to process the information to the point where he could return to normal consciousness. We just haven't seen Bran long enough after this event to really know what, if anything, he has obtained from that excessively long session.
Yes she does. Just because she didn't physically land the final blow doesn't mean that she didn't concoct that very cruel way to kill him and wasn't ultimately responsible for his death. Walda Bolton/Frey was killed by Ramsey's hounds, but you don't see anyone saying that Ramsey didn't kill her. He did, by proxy. Just like Sansa killed Ramsey by proxy.
&gt; Find a candidate you actually agree with, voting with your conscious is not throwing away your vote Oh, I agree. The amount of people who vote for Mickey Mouse every year is a clear indication that things are fucked. And voting for someone who isn't from those two isn't throwing your vote away per-say, but it won't really make a difference any time soon, which unfortunately is ultimately what's important.
He was greenseeing from before Hodor was killed until long after when Meera was able to drag him into the middle of a forest (which was barely in sight at the end of the episode where Hodor was killed). It was 8ish minutes for us, the viewers, but it was a pretty far distance to drag him. He was greenseeing for quite some time.
&gt; While I agree they can simply replace an actor, in this case I don't think they should. I rather dislike replacing actors who play consistent roles, I don't think it should really ever be done unless there's absolutely no choice. Like when the lady who played the Oracle in the Matrix died. You can't really do anything about that, and the character was very prominent so you can't just remove her from the story and expect it to work out. In the case of Pepper, she's not really all that integral and the lack of her appearing can be easily played off. As others said, it also assisted in the image that Tony was obsessed with his cause of World Peace because he has nothing else, which really helps with the image of the state of his character.
One way or another that wall is coming down in the final scene for the season. There's nothing else that's more important of an event that I can think of.
No he's not. He's at Winterfell. But Bran will be there. He'll be our POV for this event.
I was wondering if I had missed something with that. Happy to know it was intentionally cryptic.
I hope this is how that storyline ends. It's honestly become a chore to me. So many greater things are happening, I couldn't give two shits about a useless King and the Sept's grab for power for a throne that's completely fucked the second Dany shows up, which is finally getting some massive traction.
&gt; Or Emma Watson after she came out as a feminist. Is that why I don't hear anything about her anymore? Reddit used to ***love*** everything about her, then in the past like 6-9 months I haven't seen a post even mention her unless it's specifically about something she did and then it doesn't get derailed anywhere like it used to. Out of curiosity, is she one of those crazy feminists, or one of the ones you can actually respect?
I hope people use it as an image for what to expect if Trump becomes President. It's almost the exact same crap he campaigns on.
I didn't, myself, then I moved to Houston for a job. I still don't. Not sure where the stereotype comes from. Sure, there's that cliche Texan accent that some people have (and a lot of people here love the word ya'all), but the way Texas was depicted all the time made me think it was some hellhole where everyone had an IQ of 50 and were shooting each other daily with their open carry laws. None of that happens. I literally feel no different than I did in the Northeast, except that sometimes people I run into have a weird accent.
Just bathroom etiquette in general. It's fucking awful. Men in general are fucking terrible in the bathroom. Every day at work I find myself either cleaning up for someone else (which is fucking nasty), or going to a different bathroom in the office entirely because someone else just fucking destroyed the one on my floor. It's absolutely ridiculous.
It was fun being semi-allergic to that shit during High School. After gym was a breathing match, because my throat would close up from too much of that shit and teenage boys thought that spraying half a can on themselves *for each person there* was *just enough* to smell right.
He could be one of the people to escape the destruction, as long as the overall plotline there ends and Tommen, Cersei, and the High Sparrow end up dead.
Honestly, any game as popular as Overwatch is right now generates the crazies like this.
&gt; (particularly the swords in space genre - ie. Code Geass) Code Geass is absolutely fantastic, great to see another fan of it.
&gt; Funny you should mention aliens... Awesome. I liked the idea of no aliens in Firefly, but I thought it would be weird to have another universe with no aliens.
&gt; Shitpost until nothing is left I'm pretty sure since we digressed into Arthur edits, there's already nothing left.
Unless Chuck E. Cheese goes out of the way to make sure that the third party website can work. Part of the allegation is that Valve intentionally modified their APIs to allow these kinds of transactions to take place. An API is a software tool that allows third parties to connect to your database in the way you intend the database to be connected to. For example, to access items to be traded and money to change hands through Steam's servers directly using the Lounge sites as a proxy for these trades.
I never said they did or didn't do what they're being accused of. I presented no facts about APIs other than what they are.
I expected the death as soon as there was no one there. I thought it was Jamie sick of his shit sending someone to kill him. Even after the pie thing. Didn't expect to see Arya the rest of the season, but this episode elapsed far more time than I would have ever anticipated.
I think the joke is just that Gary saw it, stole it, and disposed of it because it made Selena look like shit, and if this episode showed anything it was that he is ***ridiculously*** loyal to her.
I think he's just fucking crazy. Even if he did, the whole plotline with that was about extending a deadline in Nevada while they search for remaining votes. The deadline has passed. She lost.
Pretty sure she's going to die early next season. She's basically the Mad King become a reality for Jamie.
It felt completely set up for it. Bran gets close to the wall and Benjen specifically goes over how the Wall is magic and he can't go south of it due to the Night King's half-white-walkerism he has. Perfect setup for Bran not knowing any better, going to the wall, and knocking it down with the Night King's mark on his arm. The only reason Bran had a scene this episode was to reveal Jon's parentage, but they teased us so hard with the Wall.
Mentioned it before, but basically the only thing about the episode I'm not a fan of. There's no real indication that time has elapsed between scenes or how much, but several people traveled a significant distance within the same episode indicating a lot of time passed, but we have no idea how much. Did like a year or more transpire between the start and end of this episode? Varys made quite the journey in this episode alone.
I'm well aware of this. The problem is that the show does nothing to indicate that this has happened or how long has passed. It's just assumed when all of a sudden a character like Jamie is half a continent away from where he was 30 minutes ago, and never once did the show indicate that time had passed at all. You just have to "figure it out" which is poorly done.
As someone who got a 10 day suspension in High School for defending myself in a fight I didn't even remotely provoke, the "No Tolerance" policies are total bullshit. They literally told me that my reaction should have been to sit there and get my face pulverized.
&gt; I thought he was a good guy... I'm so conflicted now. One of the main focal points of the story is that no one is pure good, and no one is pure evil (that's human, at least). Everyone can be corrupted in many different ways, and everyone can do horrible things. Conversely, everyone can do some positive things if they truly want to. Varys is a spymaster, there's no reason to suspect that he doesn't do cruel things for his own benefit or to push his own agenda. &gt; To what end would that make them more useful?? They can't tattle. If someone catches one of them the only thing they can do is kill them, not get them to talk. That's if they even suspect they're more than just a poor kid who got dealt a bad hand.
He's on Dany's side because he believes that Dany is what's best for the realm. For Dany to take over, Olenna's ultimate goal of the destruction of the Lannisters is required.
A lot of people in IT in general are massive frauds or just have no idea what they're doing it and completely winging it, but since it "works" no one notices or cares. As long as it continues to work management doesn't care and won't do anything about it. As a software developer, some of the legacy code I've encountered just boggles my mind and I have to just stop what I'm doing, walk outside, get some fresh air for a bit, and come back; it's so insanely bad I have no idea how it possibly got into a production environment.
That's literally what they tried to do to me a few weeks ago. There was a very minor, very short power outage, and then I lost Internet. They made me power cycle my modem like six times, then their response was to immediately move on to scheduling a repair. I insisted it was something external, and not related to the modem. They refused to listen to me. I mentioned that since we just had a power outage, maybe there's an Internet outage in the area as a result of that. Nope, refused to listen to me. Forced me to schedule an appointment with a "tech". This appointment was 1-3pm on a Tuesday. I'm at work then. Refused to change the time. Miraculously, like two hours later, the Internet came back. Now I had to go through the effort of cancelling a "tech" I never wanted because I knew there was nothing wrong with my modem.
To establish that there's a connection issue. If no one calls in a network outage, it never gets resolved.
Where I used to live, I had Verizon. As much as people hate them, when you tell them the steps you did, they actually listened and moved on from those steps. I used to have intermittent connection issues and when I called up the rep at 3AM and explained to him exactly what I had already done, he realized that it was their side and they reset the entire node. It was really nice. Too bad I will never expect that kind of Customer Support from Comcast. Ever.
Because you have to. If I'm upset at Comcast, where do I go? To Dish? They're the only high speed Internet in my current area. I go with them or nothing. That's why they can get away with it, because you don't have a choice. Their shitty customer service doesn't impact them in a negative way whatsoever.
Uhm...Jon Snow has done some pretty evil things.
Cut off a guy's head for disobedience. Hung several people. Just because he was justified in doing anything doesn't mean it's not objectively evil to do it.
&gt; not to mention Jon does these things with a heavy heart and would clearly prefer not to do them. Completely irrelevant. It doesn't matter how he feels. The point is that he did them. &gt; Is the guy who administers a lethal injection evil? Jon was Judge, Jury, and Executioner in both scenarios. &gt; especially in the context of Westeros Just because in the context of Westeros it is normal does not make it any less evil to do it. Slavery was common in the United States during its early years. Is it any less evil because everyone considered it normal? No.
You could make a drinking game out of the usage of the word Darkness in the Season 4 finale, and be completely wrecked by the end of the episode, even if your drink was a drop of Bud Light every time.
I know that good parenting is a decent tool to use against these kinds of games, but it's not really the solution. It's just a tool to help combat it. Gambling is illegal to those under 18 for a reason (getting addicted is easy and teenagers are often caught up in the mental manipulation regardless of upbringing). This is no different from gambling, but the way its executed is essentially a loophole to get around that. It used to be even worse. In Japan, a lot of Gachapons used to also have a "Grand Prize" if you happened to get every "Showcased Prize" in the Gachapon set. This was made illegal in Japan because of how ridiculously conniving it is. You basically have to get each individual jackpot (of which there could be five or more) to get the *really good shit*. Since a lot of these games are made in Japan, the removal of this system floated over to us as well. Overall, my point of this post is simply that the "Just teach your kids better," argument has merit, but isn't the solution to the problem like a lot of people like to claim it is.
Maise is the one who made a big deal about the hand thing, from the start of the role as Arya. The fact that so much effort was put into making her left-handed and then suddenly she's right handed during a pivotal scene is terrible, terrible directing.
Honestly the chase scene itself was great. It's all the context around it that made it shit. The fact that Arya just basically got gutted and was able to run around like nothing was wrong is the problem. They gave her a serious wound and then completely ignored it like it didn't happen. If there was no massive gut stabbing at the end of Episode 7, the chase scene in Episode 8 would have been received far better.
No but there's a prominence to using your dominant hand. Something like tossing a bag of coins as large and as heavy as it was is far more likely to be done with her dominant hand than not. It's not the only part of the scene that bothered people, though. The main issue is that everything she did in that scene was out of character. It didn't feel like Arya. It wasn't believable. It broke suspension of disbelief because she was so out of character, far beyond a "teenager's mistake". It was like everything she's learned from the start of the show was ignored for no apparent reason. We see her going from being insanely cautious to being insanely carefree with no indication as to why. It shouldn't be a wonder to anyone that some people are upset at this.
Honestly, it gave me a White Tower / Tar Valon from *The Wheel of Time* vibe far more than anything else, especially when you see the city from the distance.
And honestly, it was one of the best chase scenes I've seen in quite some time. We literally did not know if Arya would survive. We all wanted her to but we've seen the worst happen before, so there was a very real amount of suspense wondering if she would survive. It was a nerve wracking scene. It just makes no sense when you consider the context of the story. She shouldn't have been able to run with that wound, she *definitely* shouldn't have been able to do the jumps she did, and in the end she should be dead because of prior events. If all that had happened was she got a deep cut (or even a minor stab, like she were able to deflect the knife before it did any real damage, or it just hit somewhere less life threatening), everything else could have been the same, and it would have been fine.
If Rein is by himself against a Mei, this tactic literally does nothing at all. Mei can just walk through the shield and freeze him. I do it all the time to Reinhardts that are ignoring me because they think this. The best way to take out Mei as Reinhardt is to charge her into a wall. Insta kill.
I think the problem with Todd Packer is that he's too blunt. To some people it's hysterical, but to everyone else it's completely unamusing. There's no real "Sensible Chuckle" type moments with him. You either laugh, or you just hope he goes away soon. That's why I'm happy he's not used more, because he's honestly not that great of a character. Every time I rewatch the series it also takes me until the episode with the other travelling salesman to even realize that that's what he was. I don't think it's ever firmly established what his role is, or he's so annoying to me that I completely forget every time. When Michael mentions that they didn't need that new guy because they already have Packer as a traveling salesman I'm always like, "So that's what he does!"
I think that this is one of two possible correct answers. If you remember, you can hear him tell his wife they need to get another marmalade. So either he completely forgot and decided that Andy wanted the Basel plant because that was his original decision, or his wife couldn't get another Marmalade for whatever reason and decided to just lie about it. Robert California is a master manipulator. But he also clearly has some mental deficiencies to make up for that. He could have forgotten, or he decided that he could trick Andy about it when he couldn't get the promised gift. Considering his previous success with Jo and convincing her to give him her job, he probably thinks he can convince anyone of anything. Hell, he does it later with David Wallace when David buys out the company.
IIRC, at the beginning of the season they mentioned that "there's probably only two seasons of episodes left and they might be shorter than normal". I hope it's just one long season, because at this point it seems like things are just going to continue to build up. To drop it in the middle for a season break seems silly to me. They should just go to the end when it starts up next, even if that means a few extra months before the season begins.
Was going to post this on the comments section but the site literally does not let me log in. After I "log in" it says I'm not authorized and redirects me back to the login page. Whatever. I'm surprised you didn't mention how the grand fight between two masters of combat that were formerly members of the League of Assassins was just them trading punches like a bunch of angsty teens in a high school brawl. At least Season 3's finale had a decent duel between Ra's and Oliver. Here they literally just punched each other in the face until one fell.
&gt; Very unpopular opinion here but people take ranked way too seriously. It's so true. It's one of the reasons I don't really care for LoL. People act like it's the end of the world when things don't conform to their picture perfect ideal of what they expect from everyone. The MMR concept is one of those things that are necessary, and in an ideal world are great, but people take it to the next level of absurdity. The higher someone's MMR is the more likely they're going to be self bloated with ego over it, especially toward someone with a lower MMR. I've seen people get treated like trash exclusively based on MMR, it's absolutely insane. People use it to validate their opinions, as well, which just makes things worse. "Your MMR is trash so nothing you say matters," is an often used argument that makes me sick. This sub's recent posts about Competitive play in Overwatch have just proven to me how much I just don't give a shit about Competitive. I have no idea how good I am on the scale, and I don't really care to find out. Unfortunately the problem is now that it's out, Quick Match/Non Competitive is going to be used for the "lol who gives a shit don't even bother playing legit" people, and it ruins the fun for people who don't want to play "super srs" all the time. I'm going to be seriously disappointed and lose my interest in the game if I'm forced to play Competitive to play matches where both teams actually try in earnest to win.
The beginning of the season with King's Landing was. But I think the point of the season was more or less to point out that in the end, the game doesn't even matter. Cersei was outplayed by the High Sparrow entirely, and in the end she threw out the rulebook and killed them all.
1TB is A LOT of data. You'd have to do some massive downloading to hit that. I think if I downloaded my entire ~700 game Steam Library at once I'd hit it, but I would have no reason to do that because I'd never play all those games in the month. Also there's a misconception that your cap would even really be influenced by gaming. Games don't really take that much data, at all, to play. You take a lot of data downloading them but playing an online game like CS:GO or Overwatch is all about the response time, nothing else. You won't accumulate much on your data cap playing games all day.
&gt; Literally the first scene from the series No, he dropped the sword on that guy for desertion, abandoning his vows, and being a coward. 2/3 are executionable offenses in the Westeros world. That last one is just icing on the cake.
To be fair, she was. She always was. The problem was that she underestimated Cersei and didn't expect her to throw away the rulebook.
They both underestimated Cersei. If Margery didn't, she wouldn't have been at the Sept in the first place. Margery never expected Cersei to do something so drastic until all of the signs were in front of her. Their reactions were different, the High Sparrow refused to hurt his image and disrupt the power he had gained, while Margery attempted to save everyone. But they both underestimated Cersei entirely.
It says it gives weapons on the item description.
Hopefully you won't know the pain of Lao Shan literally being unkillable until he reached the last area, and then when he enters the last area you have to intentionally wait for him to enter so he doesn't die behind an invisible wall, wasting a half hour of your life. Lao was so damn boring, I really hope they put a lot of effort into fixing the fight.
&gt; His brother's Java because idk man. Java is considered the brother of C# because they're pretty similar in many ways, and share a root of being at least somewhat based on C++ (hence the father). Those analogies make sense, honestly. You being PHP....that's just terrible. No one wants you, apparently, if you go with this comparison. Not only does no one want you, but you're also a total piece of shit.
To be fair, they're a specific type of sword, that also happens to look exactly like the dual swords that the Blue Spirit had used. Since it was such a humiliating loss for Zhao, I wouldn't be surprised that he would remember exactly what the Blue Spirit looked like, including his weapons. He did make a jump in logic, but it's not like Zhao was the most clever man ever, he mostly got lucky quite a few times. He was one of those people that thought they were the best, but in reality they were okay at best. So it's not surprising that he sees a pair of dual swords that look like the Blue Spirit's and immediately decide that Zuko must be the Blue Spirit with no supporting evidence, and actually end up being right.
Late but: No. The episodes are split differently for no apparent reason, except maybe fit for a NA viewing on US TV. On United (where I also started watching this), it's split into 8 45 minute episodes. On the UK/BBC version (also the version on Amazon, where I finished it), it's split into 6 1 hour episodes. The total length is the same but it's split differently, leading to this confusion. I watched the first 4 episodes on United myself, and then when I started watching on Amazon Prime Video, I had to start from Episode 4, which is exactly where I left off on United. The only reason I can think of for this difference, as I mentioned earlier, is for US TV viewings. BBC doesn't have commercials, but US TV does, and an hour long show is typically 40-45 minutes long and the remaining 15-20 minutes is commercials. As a result, they had to split the content differently to make it fit for US broadcast.
An MMO is a pretty cool idea, as long as no one is the Avatar and Waterbending doesn't get stuck as a healing class, because that would be shit. If the story wasn't a, "You're the single hero (don't you dare look around and see the other heroes!) trying to save the world," concept that way too many MMOs do, it'd have potential.
To be fair, no one taught me to be more critical of what I'm told. I am through experience.
&gt; I've seen way too many Battleground parties blow up because of it. Granted I mostly run pub raids, but I've lost quite a few raid runs because my BG party has someone who lagged out and the game takes the entire 95 seconds to realize it, and by the time you get out you have almost no time, if any time at all, to finish BG before raid fails. The worst part is that your chat doesn't work on your side, so you don't know if your raid is even doing anything to handle the issue. You can send messages, but you don't know if anyone responded or even saw your message, it's so stupid. The game becomes a YouTube video for 95 seconds for no reason. Why disable the UI? Raid specifically should have far harsher connection timers. Where everything is timed, 95 seconds is simply too long.
Only, you would, because the second you're close to getting to the Internet without them, whatever you're doing will suddenly be illegal.
I don't get how those kinds of mistakes make it through.
Stargate SG-1 is fantastic, as long as you buy in to the TV science. It gets a little absurd at times, but the show is fantastic. I grew up watching the show for basically my entire childhood (10 seasons!), so I might be a little biased, but it lasted 10 years for a reason. The show does expect you to have watched the movie, though, so you should definitely try to do that first. The actors that play some of the central characters change when it goes to the TV show but the movie sets a bunch of the core concepts in place. The only thing that really bothers me about Dark Matter (and Stargate had this problem too), is the cliffhangers. They are, in my opinion, the worst form of trying to hook viewers to come back next season. Dark Matter is really bad with them, but outside of that the show is fantastic. The show creator for Dark Matter also frequents both Stargate's and Dark Matter's subs, too, which is pretty cool.
Why does every single game HAVE to appeal to "core gamers"? And who's to say "core gamers" won't enjoy a game like that that's just pure fuck around fun every once in a while? There were a fair share of games for all groups in the presentation, with Zelda, Mario, Xenoblade, Fire Emblem, SMT, Skyrim, FIFA, Dragon Quest, that Project whatever RPG, and ARMS. It pretty much hit every field with at least one game. Not every game fits every gamer.
DQX will never get localized. It's just not worth the money to do it. The DQ fanbase isn't big enough for them to risk localizing their bigger spinoffs, let alone a full fledged MMO. It would fail due to lack of players and they would have wasted millions.
The biggest problem with the conference is that it had a Wii U AND 3DS feel when it comes to the games. Wii U's biggest problem, and 3DS's horrid launch, were the same issue. Only 1st party games. Sure, Ninty's 1st party games are fantastic, but they don't make the console. They're just one group. We need 3rd party games too. Ninty tried to get some in the conference, but there weren't enough. We saw a similar list of developers for the Wii U and 3DS on their launches and especially for the Wii U that was a ton of hot air, as those developers all dropped out before releasing anything. The system looks great, but getting only a couple games here and there from other developers will kill the console regardless of how good it is. Their presentation didn't confirm for me that they have the developers necessary to make the console worth my time. That's why I have negativity for this system.
But it was just a list of developers. That means nothing until they actually release something. For example, SEGA was in the conference, but said nothing besides, "We're making a game, we swear!" That's useless information. Those developers mean nothing until they actually start releasing games on the system. Bethesda showing Skyrim doesn't mean anything, either. They showed a 5 year old game, and if they don't like how it sells or the performance the game gets on the system they'll abandon the system too. It's not a new game in any way.
Third party doesn't guarantee it'll be available on other systems. But that's not even my point. My point is that if the developers aren't putting active effort into developing for the system, no one will buy it for just Nintendo games. That's a proven fact with the Wii U. It failed because no one made games for it besides Nintendo, and Nintendo's games weren't enough to get people to buy the system.
That remains to be seen. I'm really hoping the system does well, it looks great. But there's too many similarities to how the Wii U did during its start up, and I regret that purchase with every fiber in my being. Complete waste of money.
$360 is a lot of money to throw away for a console that may not be successful and be a repeat of the Wii U. Even when finances aren't an issue. Buying a Switch wouldn't change my financial situation what so ever, but it's still equivalent to a third of my monthly rent. That's a lot of money that could be better spent if the Switch won't perform well in the end.
&gt; People get wrongfully convicted of shit all the time and making an enemy out of the groups that actively flip off the rules is moronic if you don't prepare to escape it. There are other alternatives to run to besides the polar opposite of the US. People go off the grid, there are still places to go to escape the US's influence that's not China or Russia. &gt; This depends on who you're defining as "The U.S.". If all you care about is what the letter agencies say then sure, he's 'changed sides', and they should be able to do whatever they want. But if you view the country as the people, protections, and ideals that it was founded on? Then he is absolutely not a traitor. If any information he gave to the US's enemies gave any ability, at all, to do any harm to US citizens in any way, then he's a traitor. And he wouldn't have gotten asylum with those enemies unless his information gave them an advantage against the US in some way. It's a pretty safe assumption that at least one US citizen has been harmed by his actions, even if that person was a spy.
It's funny, I found it weird that those didn't exist when I moved to Texas from New Jersey. I've always had some form of floor heating in NJ. Here in TX, the AC and Heat shares the same vents (in the ceiling). Makes heating when it's actually necessary nightmarish as heat rises so the floor is ice cold while the ceiling is boiling lava hot.
&gt; No good officer would have set things up the way young did. That might have been part of the point. Young was a pretty bad commander, which was part of the reason Rush didn't trust him with most of the things he learns.
I don't think it was trying to kill all sound from the audience originally, but the beanie guy was just sick of the Wah crap, and I can't really blame him. It got to the point of ridiculousness right before he said anything. The problem was the delivery. There's a difference between telling people to kill themselves and implying they're cancer and just asking them to stop. I get that SM is the biggest hype of the event and all that jazz, but there's a point where randomly screaming something as loud as you can needs to stop. Right before he spoke there were people screaming at the top of their lungs. Unfortunately from that point it kind of killed the entire mood of the room because of how he said it.
If they had died during the run because they couldn't concentrate, there's no run to gain money for. The $700,000+ that Save/Kill generated would have been wasted, etc. They're not trying for world records here, they're trying to finish the run. I get that it being a 100% run makes it much easier to survive, but it doesn't matter. There needs to be a run, and if they all died because of the crowd being toxic shits, then it destroys the marathon entirely. This is especially true early on. If they had all died to Phantoon because of obnoxious Wah's destroying their concentration, then the crowd would have essentially killed the run.
The majority of it, yeah I'd probably agree with you, but I'd say at least 10-15% is from people fighting for one or the other and over-donating. It happens with everything like this. If K/S wasn't there, they'd easily lose some donations because there's such a drive from people to get one or the other.
You can type a specific command in chat that instantly crashes the channel (potentially server) you're on. Anyone can do it whenever they want. Apparently some people are doing it to re-roll boxes until they get something they want, as the game will rollback your character a few minutes to when the servers last saved your info.
Yup, I used it just to see if it would actually work as well. Stopped playing after I disconnected the same exact second I submitted it.
It's probably an emote or something that's broken unintentionally and the bug takes out the server as an unhandled exception.
Then there's basically no point to play ever again because cheaters are allowed to benefit and flourish. Basically the same reason I don't play any Nexon published game.
Except...I'm not. I haven't played in 8 months. Came back with a friend to this today. Already stopped playing.
I watched it rollback everything I had done on my character twice in five minutes.
Well, to be fair, the only reason the couch went out of control is because the crowd was being toxic and no one from GDQ staff did anything about it, causing that one dude to tell them to stop in the worst possible manner.
Is The OA good?
It killed that one soldier instantly because he was right next to the point where it was released. The other soldiers were not, but it was in the air. It was going to kill them eventually, but it was slower because it wasn't such a sudden exposure to the gas.
Interesting. Thanks.
&gt; now I feel badly for him a bit, a very tiny bit. I don't, at all. I agree it's kind of fucked up what happens to him but then you remember the fact that if it wasn't for the Traveler taking control he's literally a murderer. In the original timeline he kills Carly. Then he intentionally blackmails her out of being able to provide proper support when he pushed himself out the door by being a drunk asshole. He also interfered in the lives of everyone based on suspicion and basically nothing else, simply because Carly pushed him away for almost (and what she knows as definitely) killing her.
[Episode 12 Spoiler](#s "It arguably made the future worse, although I think there's speculation that The Faction came from a different alteration in the timeline.")
They needed accurate (down to the second) time of death as well as location, so that they can do the transfer of consciousness properly.
The fact that they haven't done this is kind of ridiculous. There's no reason for it, emulation has been around for most of those systems for decades and they don't gain anything by pretending like it doesn't.
That sounds very much like a company I worked for a few years ago. It went under early last year. Turnaround rate was ridiculously high because of those exact problems and then some. Is there just a lot of tech companies that are complete bullshit and the owners think the tech people they hire are too stupid to realize how terrible they are?
&gt; Letting you know you're out of the running is a classy thing to do. Literally the worst thing ever in job hunting is not getting told you're out. It fucking sucks. Especially when you think the interview went well.
The funny thing is that if they are even half decent, they are worth what they're asking, supply and demand aside. A bad developer can destroy a company's product thus making the company collapse. I wonder if the guy even knew what software developers were doing. &gt; Especially considering it was only a lack of alternative software to what we were making that was allowing him to stay in business. That seems to be an awful lot of companies, it's pretty interesting. Mine was no different. The owner was oblivious to how business in the US worked and only survived off the fact that no one else was around doing what they were doing. But they got cut off in their home country, which caused them to have no income (because the company was basically failing in the US due to a multitude of reasons) so it collapsed.
You might be right. The 3DS release schedule is starting to look a lot like the Wii U did 6-9 months ago. Almost nothing there. [Just look at this known release schedule.](http://www.gamefaqs.com/3ds/upcoming) Granted it's not as bad in Japan, but a grand total of 3 releases for both US and Europe. [Then compare it to the PS4.] (http://www.gamefaqs.com/ps4/upcoming) A TON of games all over the world. It's very likely Nintendo intends to kill off the 3DS, but wants to make sure that the Switch succeeds as a portable console before they do it. I love this idea, to be honest. My biggest problem with the 3DS is that it looks like shit. I can't take most 3D games seriously, especially anything with those terrible wood-looking-people models. 3DS has a lot of games like that. Plus, one of my most beloved franchises, Monster Hunter, has been a 3DS exclusive for a few years and I'd much rather play it on my TV (which coincidentally is also the only time I really ever used my Wii U, with MH3U), so if they get Capcom to start making Switch versions it'll be absolutely awesome. The 3DS is great, but it's also dated hardware that was basically dated when the system launched, people just accepted it more because it was a handheld. To be completely frank, it is near EOL too, and the Switch, if done properly, can replace both.
While true it's pretty fair to assume the same for PS4, so it's still an accurate comparison. There's really not that much coming for 3DS for a console that's supposedly still alive. It's basically on its death bed.
No they're not. #1 complaint is the lack of launch titles. They do exactly what everyone was complaining about not being there and you think they should go back to what it was? That's silly. Not everyone will buy Zelda and most people want more than one game on a console at once. Besides it's an old game, they're not expecting stellar sales. It was probably an easy port which means easy money for both Nintendo and SE with minimal effort while also beefing up the initial library on the system.
I never said that everyone who supported Trump was bigoted or racist, but that was basically the majority of his campaign. It was founded on the idea of building a wall to keep Mexicans out of the United States and forcibly pushing out an entire religion. Just because he had a few potentially slightly appealing thoughts in the middle of the clusterfuck that was his campaign doesn't mean that it wasn't still founded on the primary goal of being as racist and bigoted as possible to appeal to the people who are themselves racist and bigoted.
https://xkcd.com/1357/ The title text just makes it better.
&gt; I think its a long term vs short term thing. People who wanted it in place are trying to play the long term benefit game, people who want it revoked are wanting instant gratification and jobs. &gt; Neither are wrong so to say, but i generally like to look to the long game imho. The problem is that if you can see your demise because of this, then you don't give two shits about the long term. If I ***know*** my job will be outsourced, and as a result I will be out of work, unable to find new work, and can potentially be evicted and starve, I don't really give a shit what the long term results are because I will never see them. This line from the OP: &gt; If the USA had a real economic safety net, and put forward programs towards retraining and revitalizing areas specifically hit by offshoring and globalization, then you could vote for the TPP confidently. Is a pretty big telling point. If no plans are put in place to handle people who have been hurt by this deal, then it's a bad deal. A LOT of people were going to lose their jobs because of this and no one in the upper ring gives a shit because it doesn't affect them at all. Which, ultimately, is the biggest issue in America right now. I love the concept of the long term, but if I'm not around for the long term, the concept is irrelevant to me.
Just find an APK, download it, and install it. Just because the Google Play store insists that your device doesn't support it doesn't mean that your device doesn't actually support it. It probably thinks your phone is from another region for no apparent reason, maybe something to do with your SIM card. Either way, ten bucks says if you find an APK you'll be able to install it and play it, and considering you've already purchased the game there's nothing shady about it in my opinion.
It's not just you. I refuse to touch the Joker series. I gave it a slight chance with the 3DS remake of DQM2, but it was just like the Joker games and it sucked. It...just wasn't fun. They changed the entire atmosphere of the game and the entire breeding, leveling, and skill systems are all different and it makes the game far less enjoyable. I know a few people who insisted that it made the game better that things cost a ton of MP for simple stuff (Healus was something in the range of 100MP, it was insane), and that it limited you on being OP because it was "too easy to make an OP monster", but honestly that was half the fun. The Joker games don't have the same soul. They don't play like DQ games where your party is monsters, they play like a completely different game with a DQ skin on it. It's just not the same. One day, I hope that [the Romhacking Aerie's project to translate the PSX version of DQM1/2 is completed.](http://aerie.wingdreams.net/) But honestly, at this point, I think the project is dead. Such a shame, I played the PSX version in JP for a while and it's just like the old GB games. It was the last Non-Joker DQM.
How about we fix the two-party system before we bother forcing people to vote? Voting doesn't matter when you have two equally smelly piles of shit to vote between. Some states don't allow you to vote for someone not on the ticket, and those states don't have people who aren't D or R. No one else allowed. It's a serious issue that's half the reason people don't care to vote. I personally don't vote because I have no faith in either choice. I'm not going to vote for someone who I don't believe can do the job, and especially this past election I didn't have faith that either candidate was fit for the position. Forcing me to vote won't solve that issue.
If you force people to vote in a state where they can't vote anything except D or R, it's completely irrelevant. Third parties will never have a chance in those locations, which overall makes the entire idea of third parties a joke.
I'm upset there was no real acknowledge of the Dominator being there after the fact. Like, Kara is the only one who has some serious experience with them now that the crossover is done, yet she didn't bother enlightening anyone else that she probably just pissed off some really powerful aliens that wanted human slaves.
They never talked about the concept of where time wants to happen but it doesn't care when it happens. For example, Barry will always be The Flash, but when he becomes The Flash can change. In the original timeline it was 2020, but Wellsobard made it 2015. Even in Flashpoint we don't know that Barry still wouldn't have become the Flash (if he wasn't technically the Flash already) in 2020 still, or maybe a different time. Everything Barry does could just delay (or speed up) Iris's death, but Iris dying at the hand of Savitar as an act may be set in stone.
&gt; Confirmation bias. For every great 80's film that you remember and had that had good cinematography, well made costumes and great animatronics, there are a ten more pieces of crap that were filmed by the producers nephew, designed by a blind drug addict and acted by high school graduates with a collective IQ equivalent to a cheese plant. Truth is most 80's films were mediocre, a lot were bad, and the only few you remember were the spectacular ones. Not that I disagree with your overall point, but the same can be said about movies today. Masterpieces are masterpieces, and shit is shit. There's plenty of both regardless of the era. &gt; Have a look at some CGI breakdowns on youtube and you'll appreciate why it needs to be used and how much of it you actually don't see. There's one that was done for Parks and Recreation that I can't find that is crazy. It's not a show you'd expect to see any CGI in, really. But it's everywhere. Almost every non-office shot that has something specifically about Pawnee has CGI in it. I wish I could find it because it really brings home your point that good CGI, done right, is basically invisible.
[That's what all tea is.](https://youtu.be/WPnZhKRtZ_U?t=7)
I did a background script to my manager once. It opened his computer's CD drive in random intervals between 5-10 minutes. I put it in his Startup folder, and since he was computer illiterate, he had no idea why it was happening for like a straight month. Was absolutely hilarious, and since he loved to leave his computer on and unlocked, there was no way to trace it to me (did it as his user account). Was great.
&gt; And then she tells Jimmy to essentially go back to the sidelines, because "Mon-El can change, and you can't." Whatever the hell that's supposed to mean. Her point was that Mon El can change his personality to be a hero, but James can't change his race to be able to fight and take hits like she and Mon El can. However, ultimately, it's a terrible comment to make considering not too long ago she was on Flash's Earth where half the people she fought with proudly were all normal humans who rose up into heroes. Everyone on the Green Arrow's team outside of Ragman are all normal humans who do an (arguably) good job at being heroes, it seems pretty ridiculous that she treats James like shit for wanting to do the same.
Nope, because being a woman is a pre-existing condition in the new healthcare system so you won't be able to afford healthcare.
Since it ended up being just a generic sword, what stopped her from having another one forged in the 70ish year gap?
I would say probably my only issue with this movie was the slow motion. It was used way too much and it was kind of badly done CGI too. I felt like I was watching one of the Transformers movies, where everything the director decided was "cool" was put in super slow motion for no damn reason. It started giving me a headache. But outside of that, the movie was absolutely fantastic. The final battle could have been a little better, but I don't think it ultimately hurt the movie all that much. And the overall theme of the movie, which was about Diana learning what it was to be a hero, was well done even with the cheesy love/death thing.
The only part of Strange that was original was the ending, how Strange beat the bad guy. But this thought that every movie has to be completely original with everything completely new and no concept anywhere borrowed from anywhere else is completely bullshit, anyway. It's not feasibly possible. There are *so* many movies that have existed. There is no way that you can make every movie 100% different from every other movie.
Didn't Whedon stop working on the Marvel movies because he was spending too much time in all of them and not able to work on something of his own creation again? Why would he jump back into superhero movies where he'd hit the same exact problem?
I hate when they use the same person to play two generations of the same family. Same if they use the same voice actor for games/animation for members in the same family. It feels so off, and it's hard to disassociate the two characters, even if we're only dealing with one at a time.
I didn't either, but when he showed up it was like, "Oh god it was so obvious!" Especially when she walks into the counsel chamber and he looks at Dianna and starts stammering like a moron. There's no reason he would have done that if he weren't Ares. A single woman in a men-only meeting wouldn't have caused such a reaction.
If Zeus created man, then he technically created language too. He gave the Amazons everything they needed to defend man, which would mean ways to learn those languages.
I agree with you that it's a little weird, but to be fair it's kind of a disassociation issue. They knew German, the language, but when Steve was talking about, "The Germans", it implies an entity, and not a language, so they didn't associate the language to the entity he was talking about. And while I agree that it seems a little ridiculous, I think it's possible to get around it. I definitely agree they should have had a way to know what was going on in the outside world, but if that were the case then they would have left to fight Ares long before then. It's not like WW1 was the first major war or anything.
The really lazy solution is to just disable the whole UI with a "THINKING, PLEASE WAIT" screen. That way people know shit's still going down and it didn't freeze. Having the UI layer do complicated processing is dumb as fuck. It's a simple case of separation of concerns. If it's not UI related, the UI shouldn't do it.
&gt; By not scheduling them and giving them less hours for the week that's just unethical and shitty, but not illegal. Giving someone less hours because of a discrimination is actually illegal, it's denying some work. Just because they still have part of a job doesn't mean they aren't being discriminated against. The only issue is that part-time workers after often subject to moronic schedulers who randomly shift around hours so much, it'd be impossible to prove. But in reality, there's no reason to cut hours at all. They have other screening rooms, that aren't part of this event. Why is it so hard to place male workers in these screenings instead of this charity one? If they're actually taking hours away, that's illegal, but there's no need to take hours away so I don't see why they would outside of incompetence.
&gt; That's a long hammer o_o. I wonder if these types of weapons will ever be implemented into the main series. There's some cool ones, by far the best feature Frontier ever added. There's an event hammer from long, long back that was a Rajang attached to a palm tree holding a hammer. You held the palm tree, the hitbox is the hammer the Rajang was holding. It's a cool way to make weapons that aren't necessarily great stat-wise to be awesome.
I haven't done Amatsu in Generations yet, but in Portable 3rd he was WAY larger than Shagaru Magala. This is definitely not properly scaled when combined with some of the other comments here.
The control scheme stuff scares me. There's an implication that there's no way to set Horizontal camera movement to ZL/ZR like in every game since 3U. I really hope they're still keeping that option available. It is by far the easiest way to control the camera. R3 can be Target Camera. D-Pad for Arts
Every article in English calls the game by its English name even though they mean the JP version, it's kind of annoying that they don't clarify while doing this. Whenever they say Generations, they mean MHX.
I try to get good generalized sets that fit the general theme of the weapon. I'll make a set for each weapon I play but unless a specific monster is giving me a lot of trouble I usually don't go past that.
Sony fucked itself with the Vita. It's too expensive. The handheld itself carries a hefty price, and then you include the ***ridiculously*** overpriced memory sticks. Add on the fact that those memory sticks break, frequently (I went through 3 in 6 months before I gave up on my Vita). Also, the newer Vita model had a worse screen for the same price. They took the issues with the PSP and decided that the solution was to go insane on security measures, and they created a device so locked down and awful that it was unusable and even when you could use it you just didn't want to.
Depends on what you're doing. The right stick is unusable when you're already holding down X for bow charge, and while you're bow charging you move around and need full horizontal camera control. Also when you're in the middle of a combo that requires further button presses but need to adjust the camera for any reason.
The collection boxes are found in chests in their respective map. Some of them are pretty well hidden, search everywhere.
I love the lore, but I also love the concept of the game basically being like Metroid Prime. In Metroid Prime, there was lots of story, lots of lore, but unless you looked for it, read the scan data, you didn't really see it. That way, there was story for people who cared, and none for people who didn't. My biggest problem with story in MH is that they use it as an excuse to hold back your single player progress. For example, while in MH4 it was cool how they had Gore Magala built up as a boss, I didn't really care to fight it the 3-4 times you fought it before you were allowed to truly kill it. I was kicking its ass on the boat, in a weapon I hadn't used in a long time (SnS), barely prepared because I didn't expect the fight then. Having to fight it several more times before the game would let me finish it off was frustrating if only because it was unnecessary. But I definitely agree with the need for a story, because a lack of one doesn't grab some people who I know would love the game. I just wish it weren't used as a wall in the progress of the single player missions.
&gt; but bow's very novice resistant. Honestly, it is? Bow has always, in my opinion, been an "Easy to use, difficult to master" weapon. The mechanics are pretty damn simple, but it's the damage formula behind it and understanding that formula that determines if you're amazing or just good with it. But as someone who is just starting out, it's by far the simplest weapon to learn how to use, and the benefit of being ranged makes the learning curve of the game in general much easier as it requires you give yourself the distance needed to observe the enemy and learn their quirks. The biggest mistake new players make is that they don't watch, they don't observe, they don't learn. They react. But Monster Hunter isn't about reacting, it's about learning your enemy and how to counter them. It's much easier to do this when you're forced to stand back and watch them.
That's a fair point. I forget how many bows the developers add that are just plain crap and I don't even know why they exist. I definitely have the benefit of experience to tell me which bows to just flat out not bother using. However, to be honest, the most important aspect of bow is the range calculation which the devs have made so much easier to eyeball with the different striking effects based on how well positioned you are. Any bow can do acceptable damage, especially when you're just starting out, as long as you can get the range right. It's definitely not an easy thing to figure out, but a lot of Monster Hunter is difficult to start off with. The entire concept of bouncing and specific hitboxes to hit is a similar ordeal for new players. In the end, answering the original question, the true way to figure this stuff out is just to play what you enjoy. I started with Bow in Freedom 2, and while I never looked back I do have to say that it wasn't an easy road, but to be fair back in 2nd gen Bow was arguably garbage because it outputted such worse DPS than it has ever since P3rd. But I still used it because I had fun with it.
&gt; I'm kinda hoping they pull the MH3 again, but I doubt it. I really hope not. I hate how they removed weapons and removed a ton of monsters just to bring them back later, and some of the monsters they removed they put very minimal effort into revamping, thus making their removal even more pointless. It also didn't go Tri -&gt; 3U. There was P3rd in the middle there. It took them 3 games to get back to an acceptable state. I'd rather MH5 take an extra year or two to develop than to give us another Tri where the amount content barely supports low rank let alone high rank.
This exactly, it doesn't matter that there's no massive collection of combos for Bow. It's the way you use its simple moveset that makes it so fun.
All I want for E3 is a MHXX Switch Ver US/EU announcement sometime this year, preferably not too long after the JP release, and I'll be happy. Everything else is secondary.
That's most likely handled by moving your instances to a different server farm. If you only have one farm you're fucked. I doubt IMC has more than one farm for Global.
You're right, but not every monster received this treatment. How is Kut-Ku any different than it used to be? Khezu? Gravios? They readded a lot of monsters later and did nothing, so why did they remove them in the first place? I have no problem with revamping monsters, but if they remove a monster from the game and then bring them back exactly as they were, or with minor changes, what was the point of removing them in the first place?
&gt; If anything, more content would make the game worse, because it makes it even more of a grind fest than it already is like 4u's artrocious guild quests showed. Your comparison is flawed because the problem with Guild Quests wasn't that there were tons of monster choices, but the fact that there were really only a few. And you had to grind that monster basically forever until you got it to the appropriate level, and nothing could speed that up. More monsters means more variety means more things to do. It's a fact. Guild Quests weren't flawed because of what monsters were available but because of how much you had to do the *same exact monster forever*. Even if you take out the part where you had to do Rajang if you wanted the really good Guild Quest gear, you still had to do whatever monster you chose hundreds and hundreds of times with no stop because the potential results outshone everything else in the entire game. That's why monster variety is a good thing. That's why it makes the game more enjoyable. Rathalos fights differently from Rathian who fights differently from Garuga who fights differently from Gore Magala who fights differently from Seregios who fights differently from Zinogre....the list goes on. If I get bored with *any of them*, I can swap to a different monster and not feel like every single run I do is hurting my chances for "the good shit", because "the good shit" isn't an RNG fest from hell that has no end in sight. There's always an objective goal you can see with every weapon you want to make. That was never the case with Guild Quests and it's why they sucked. Even if I wanted to make one of a weapon for every element, there's at least 5 choices of monsters, maybe more. But with Guild Quests there was only ever one. That's why they sucked. &gt; And the worst part about 4u in particular is that the endgame is almost the exact same as FU, with Kushala, Teostra, Chameleos, Rajang and the Fatty bros being basically all the worthwhile monsters after beating the game (that barely takes 70 hours and half of it is recycled). Every game has this problem. Every single one. If you only focus on the end goal then you screw yourself out of the experience. It's about the journey, not the destination, and the journey is what makes Monster Hunter fun. I don't care that my end game has only a few specific "truly hard" monsters, because I take my time getting there. That's why I enjoy having more monster options. It's fun to go slow, it's fun to take my time getting to HR100+. I don't need to be HR100 an hour after I get the game, because that ruins the journey. &gt; The G-rank releases in particular make this even worse by making you play the game 3 times to get to the "good" part. Like above, it's about the journey. Besides, the games that don't have G-Rank get shit on for not having it, so they can't win this battle. Ever since they introduced G-Rank, which was a long time ago. People shat all over Generations when it came out, and MH4 when it came out, because they didn't have G-Rank. &gt; it has an endless multiplayer expererience to offer. How can you possibly say that Tri had an endless multiplayer experience and not say the same about every other MH game, when they all follow ***the same exact multiplayer experience***? How is High Rank in Tri any different from High Rank in Generations? After a certain point, both games have a list of monsters that are piss easy and a list of monsters that might still give you trouble. It was just a lot shorter on both ends in Tri. &gt; Beating the story alone takes dozens of hours (interestingly enough, beating tri took me longer than gen even after multiple playthroughs, despite having way less content) That honestly just sounds like a case of getting better at the game causing you to get through the content faster. Or you simply didn't take the time to enjoy what you were doing. Tri didn't have any more single player content than any other game. The single player content was simple to rush through if you already knew everything you needed to know long before you started. The only part of Tri that might have caused you to be slower was learning the swimming controls, but there weren't any more quests to complete than any other game. Hell, there were far less.
&gt; not even Nintendo games have had such special treatment up to this point. Not trying to be a jerk, but what would you call MK8Deluxe then?
&gt; Were the other weapontypes just less effective than they are now A little bit of that, yes. Damage Formulas in 2nd gen were whack, they redid them to balance the weapons much better in 3rd gen and haven't needed to really redo that since. Hammer got very few buffs but weapons like Bow got huge buffs (Bow, as much as I love it, was garbage in Unite because it had a shitty damage formula while it was arguably OP in P3rd). Hammer has been in a "good place" for a while so they haven't really touched it. It's not that Hammer is bad now, it's just that the rest have caught up, and for good reason.
Castlevania is dead. The lead who was making all those great 2D Castlevania games left Konami, a while ago, to make Bloodstained. Bloodstained is essentially the spiritual successor to 2D Castlevania games. I'm all for Bloodstained getting on the Switch, and it would be a perfect game for it, but Konami should keep Castlevania in the ground because their last two attempts at a Castlevania game were abysmal failures. Konami is a shitty company and fucks up every franchise they hold. Suikoden, MGS, and Castlevania are just three of their casualties. All once-great franchises. I hope they stay in Pachinko and get the fuck away from normal games forever.
When I said that, I said it considering motion values and "other modifiers" part of the damage formula. They tweaked the ultimate calculation in Bow's damage because it was laughably bad in Unite. What part was modified is honestly semantics.
Exactly, they never said what kind of stability they ensured...
As long as he's not black, brown, or yellow. They have nothing against oranges.
&gt; No. The problem was that they were busywork for RNG equipment to stretch playtime and had nothing new to offer gameplay wise. You only fought monsters you have already fought before and having to level them up just made it worse. Uhm....we're saying the same thing about Guild Quests. Guild Quests sucked because they were RNG and relied on you doing the same thing over and over until your fingers bled. For the record, I hated Guild Quests as much as anyone. It killed 4U for me, and I didn't put anywhere near as much work into 4U as I did other games because I hated Guild Quests. No idea why we're arguing about Guild Quests, we both agree that they sucked because they added nothing. But ultimately Guild Quests counter the entire concept of massive content, because it forced people to do the same exact monster forever. So I'm not sure how saying Guild Quests sucked is an argument for having less monsters. &gt; No, it's an opinion that this is what makes a game good. A lot of people including me don't have that much time, especially not if most of it was already there in older games. All MH games are already long enough and keep you busy for hundreds of hours, having to do old stuff again only makes the process more tedious, not better. &gt; And if the journey keeps repeating itself over and over again? I fully agree that it's not about getting to the end, but that doesn't excuse endless recycling and busywork quests that add nothing to the experience. Variety and options are always good. High Rank vs G Rank, and having to replay the game again, has nothing to do with monster variety. It's another side argument that has nothing to do with the ultimate argument here which is about monster variety; how many monsters are in the game. If there's only High Rank, and they haven't changed how many key quests are required to advance, what exactly is the issue with having more monsters, more choices? What is inherently wrong with Tri vs Generations when it comes to having more monsters? Both have High Rank (AKA replaying the game only once). In fact Tri's multiplayer is far longer to get to the end as you have to grind the quests to increase your HR, thus artificially increasing game length. You can't advance into higher difficulty quests in Tri without grinding quests from day one, while in Generations it's only after you've gotten the majority of content unlocked. In fact, I'd argue that having less monsters makes this more tedious, more of a chore, as there's less variety to increase your HR over. &gt; I never said they don't, I just wanted to make clear that even tri has it, not just the G-rank games. In fact, I played tri much more than 4u, because of other reasons. Regular monsters like Rathalos or Lagi were still worth farming. I find this part very underestimated by the community tbh. I never argued that Tri didn't. Neither did MHF2, nor MHP3rd, nor MH4, nor MHGen. All of these games had only High Rank, but their multiplayer experience, at its core, is the same. The only difference is how long it lasts, based mostly on the amount of content available. &gt; The 3DS games all have very easy village quests. The 3DS games, in general, are easier. Tri was a harder game. I'm not denying that. I do think monsters go down too easily now, and some hit too softly, but that's a different argument. &gt; Every monster had its purpose in tri and wasn't just there for the sake of stretching the playtime. That is an argument I can definitely understand. I don't necessarily disagree, but I don't agree, either. On the side of lore, I'm with you. I liked the fact that the story and lore matched what was being thrown at you, but meanwhile ultimately the reason I play Monster Hunter for thousands of hours is because of all the different monsters I can choose to fight at any given time. I don't even have the ability to go back to some older games when the monsters are missing, which is half the reason I don't agree with removing monsters haphazardly I don't have a problem with the main story of the next game including mostly new monsters, and then after the story is over have old guys show up again. There's no reason this has to be an either-or situation. In Generations, the 4U maps were there from the get go, and even some of the easy monsters like Kecha Wacha, but you didn't see them until after the low rank content. I'm fine with that. The monsters that have already been made...what's wrong with keeping them? I don't see how it takes any man hours to remove a monster from the game, and if it's already in another game it takes very little to port them over into the next game. So what stops them from putting as much effort into the next game as they put into Tri, while still doing that? I would rather they spend an extra year or two to make that happen, rather than to dump 90% of the monsters that already exist, because there's no reason to. Tri wouldn't have lost any value if at the end of High Rank a ton of MHFU monsters like Tigrex, Narga and Garuga popped up again. And the removal of weapons....there's no reason to ever do that. Taking away entire play-styles is a mistake, plain and simple.
Fair enough, and I am pretty much in the same boat as you. I definitely agree with your thoughts about Tri, I just felt that after MHFU it had far too little in comparison and felt like a massive downgrade, but I understand why you would disagree. There were definitely positive aspects of Tri, but in the end it was missing too much for me, which is definitely a completely subjective complaint about the game. &gt;Let's agree that MH5 just shouldn't be like 4u again (aka MHFU except you can jump now) and actually offer a lot of new stuff. I like much content, but just if it's actually good all the way through. And just being the same game with a couple of new things just doesn't do it anymore. Definitely. I also completely agree that there are a few monsters that just don't seem necessary because they bring nothing to the table. For example, Velocidrome seems pretty pointless with Great Jaggi around. Same with Iodrome vs Great Froggi. Khezu vs Gigginox...there are some monsters I don't think anyone would miss simply because they're not good monsters. But there's also quite a few that are unique but are missing for no real reason, like Barioth. Not sure why he was gone for so long when he was a pretty unique monster. I just don't like them throwing away years of unique content in a game that benefits from having more content.
&gt; Give me a Metroid game. Considering the survey Nintendo had me fill out a few days back, it's not going to happen. Which is severely depressing, I love Metroid. But they had a section for "Favorite Characters" and had Samus mentioned, but then "Favorite Franchises" didn't have Metroid listed at all. It's a clear indication that they have no intention of making another Metroid game, only using Samus as a cameo to throw wherever they want.
A Metroid Prime game OR a 2D Metroid game would both sell like hotcakes. But instead they turned it into their spin-off whore. It reminds me of how Konami started to treat Suikoden after they gave up on it.
Most likely nothing. The station her gang went to was most likely the one she was on when she smuggled herself aboard the Rasa. Which means she had very little ability to act on that knowledge before she wiped everyone's memories.
&gt; I now really want to know what that bit was with Sarah at end of episode 1. It's definitely going to be relevant. They didn't remind us of her for no reason.
Most people were expecting Generations Ultimate to be the MHXX local name. World ***is*** possible, however unlikely. It wouldn't be clear that it was an expansion to Generations, which is a mistake and guaranteed to turn people away. Meanwhile I doubt it's a Frontier localization, the series just isn't big enough here to warrant an MMO. It barely survives in Japan, to be completely frank. Online has the same issue, except that it's not even really made by Capcom and plays very differently from a typical MH game. To be completely honest I'm not sure how many people really want either game, regardless of how much they insist they do. Neither game is the Monster Hunter they know and love.
That's my plan as well. I'll also do that if the release date is too long after the JP release. I've played MH in Japanese before, it's not that hard, so it won't bother me to do it. It all depends on what Capcom reveals this week.
&gt; But what was Four supposed to do? Have patrols that are in pretty close proximity to the station to defend, further than a few hours out like the ships that came at the end of the episode were. The blink drive is super important, the difference between victory and defeat. Yet there was no defense fleet of any kind within an acceptable distance from the station. The entire episode passed (probably several hours if not more) and the ships sent in response weren't there yet. Which means they were way too far away. Sure, the station's best defense originally was that it was essentially invisible, hidden well, but with the knowledge that that advantage was basically useless, alternate defenses should have been arranged and were not. That's why they were able to steal it back.
No. The Switch store page even mentions it's only going to be available in Japanese, unlike Disgaea 5's page.
I'm personally hoping September. That'll give them time to finish the localization and work out any kinks that exist in the JP Switch version before giving us both the 3DS and Switch versions at the same time.
You are correct and here's why: The top curly brace, being on its own line, is pointless. We already know we're starting a new block. We don't need to point it out twice. The if statement itself is declaration that a new block is starting (Only sadists use no curly brace on single line if statements, because those statements very often become more than single line later in development). However, there's no clear indication that the block has ended. When you stuff the closing curly brace with the else statement, it meshes multiple blocks into a single block when you're skimming. That single curly brace by itself at the end gives the clear indication that the block has ended, but a long else if can confuse because it starts to look like an indentation error instead of a declaration of a new block. The whole point of clean, readable code is that it's just that, which is why the opening of the block doesn't need to be on its own line, but the ending of the block does.
&gt; There seems to be a pattern of doing the exact opposite of what they should do. That's because the only thing they should be doing is....saying nothing. But it's quite evident that the Trumps are incapable of doing that. Which is funny because Ivanka and Jared seem to have been trained specifically to do that, which means someone taught them to do that. I imagine the direction for that teaching was set by Trump. So why can't he follow his own teachings?
&gt; But with the game gradually doing better it makes no sense, you're just risking scaring off the people who already buy the games. It's going to divide the community in a franchise that can't afford to be divided that way. It's stupid. It better not be what Capcom is planning, they are absolute fools if they are.
&gt; but a long else if can confuse because it starts to look like an indentation error instead of a declaration of a new block.
Zinogre. He's a really cool concept and the part where his rage is controlled by his ability to charge makes him really fun to fight (as long as people don't spam flash bombs, I find that so cheap with him it's unfun). You literally beat the anger out of him. There's a special place in my heart for Gobul, though, if only because I got the stupid fucker to eat three frogs in a row, two of them while enraged and very aware of us. My friend and I, who were playing together when this happened, have nicknamed him Gum Gum (Dum dum with G's instead of D's for the G in Gobul). Too bad he's only been in two games, but it's obvious why. He's an absolute joke on land so without underwater combat...
&gt; In huge corporations I can see how forcing everyone on the same style can help the overall codebase. Definitely, I agree. &gt; I generally prefer the } else(...) { in the same line because more code fits on a screen My biggest problem with that is that it doesn't help with skimming. In my opinion it makes it much harder to skim because it creates this one giant blob of text that has no immediate separation indicators. For example, I hit the beginning if, and it's not the case I care about, so I want to look for the next case immediately. Well, if it's all long lines over and over, it becomes one mesh of text and you're going to have trouble finding the next block. The } being on its own line makes it immediately clear that it's the end of the block, however } else if (someOtherVariable === someOtherValue &amp;&amp; aSecondComparison === aSecondVariable) { Suddenly looks like a regular statement, and you skim over it quickly, don't realize it's the else if, and you're taking far longer than you should to find what you need to find.
They said the same thing about Black Desert....except that's already out on PC (and not only W10) and has been for over a year. I don't know how any part of that game is an exclusive.
Ah my bad, I must have misheard the Exclusive for that one. Well, that's fair then.
&gt; But nothings pulls me out of a game more then dealing with other players. TBH, depends wholly on if you're optionally dealing with other players or not. Pretending the game is an MMO when it's not is awful, but if I choose who joins me and who doesn't, then it's fine.
Adept is powerful, but they also put some effort into giving monsters the ability to counter Adept. For example, Redhelm can swipe so many times in a row and follow you so well that he can get through your invincibility frames if you dodge him too early, and will often do the two arm swipe with perfect timing to take you out right as you become vulnerable but have no actions you can take. The special dodge of Adept Style does have its weaknesses and you can still get your ass kicked with it.
&gt; No scandals, no shady ulterior motives, always tells the truth, and just a pure interest in making the country better for everyone. Which is why, in all honesty, he's not president right now. The DNC wanted someone who would play ball with them and do what they wanted. They decided that wasn't him, but Hillary. So he got the proverbial boot. If they had something they could have manipulated him on, it would have been more likely that they would have chosen him over Hillary. But then again, if that were the case, he wouldn't have been so popular in the first place. Classic Catch 22.
Gary's burst of outrage to his father is most likely foreshadowing to how he'll eventually snap on Selina.
The biggest problem with a lot of the games shown at E3 this year so far is that so many of them are just "shooter with some twist." It's old, it's boring, and developers need to move on. Nintendo has gotten that for a long time and almost never creates any shooters in general, but when they do they really go all out to make it different from what we see so constantly. The first half of Microsoft's conference bored the shit out of me because almost everything they showed was just shooter after shooter. I want something new. I want something unique. If it has to be a shooter, do something special with it. It's burnout. That's what it is. The market is so over-saturated with several specific game types, to add more of that isn't going to grab our interest.
&gt; 99% of gamers aren't going to buy that overpriced shit, Especially when the CPU is almost never the bottleneck anymore. Honestly not sure what the point of the i9 Extreme is.
MH doesn't get nearly the attention in the West that it does in Japan, and Capcom wants to "fix" that. The theory is that MH:W is a dumbed down game with less intense combat, more QTE's and other gimmicks, and an open world system in an attempt to get western players' attention. If true, they've essentially neutered the series (at least with this entry) in the hopes of getting the more casual players hooked. Let's not be foolish here, MH is a very hard game and it has a steep learning curve. That's why it hasn't been quick to gain support outside of Japan (where this kind of brutal gameplay is normal). They tried to make the games easier in the last few entries but all that's done is piss off the hardcore fans, and so they've decided to take a new approach which is have an "easy, simple" Monster Hunter for the West while having a "hard, complex" Monster Hunter for Japan. If that's true, it's a bad move. They're going to split the already small community that exists outside of Japan, and I don't think they're going to get the increase in fan base that they want. People who enjoy MH:W because of the changes probably still won't like the main games unless those changes are pushed to the main series, which won't happen without pissing off their core playerbase in Japan. Which means in the West you'll have a split community.
&gt; I got the impression that they added some nice new gameplay mechanics (advanced traps, interaction with environment), while retaining the same gameplay. I honestly didn't. Every reveal trailer for a main-line MH game has shown a lot of combat to show that the game is just as good as it always has been. This had absolutely none of it. With the release so close, they should have been able to show us more weapons, more monsters, more combat, more everything. It was a scripted trailer that showed us nothing for a game that's already well into development. It showed me nothing to make me think it's going to be a good MH game. Now I might be wrong; I hope I'm wrong. But this trailer didn't leave me happy, it didn't leave me excited, it didn't leave me wanting more. And I've been playing MH since Freedom 1 over 11 years ago. Every other trailer has done that for me. This left me nervous that it's going to be shit; it left me disappointed. It left me worried that they're going to screw up so much that they're going to abandon the Western market, and even if that's a very unlikely scenario (and probably a bit of an overreaction) it doesn't change my thoughts after it was done being shown.
&gt; ? MH sales have only continued to increase in the last few entries... Except MHX sales were lower than MH4 and MHXX sales are the lowest they've been in a long while. MHXX did terrible in comparison to MH4U. https://imgur.com/a/qGdeY#KxNWQnE MHXX got the lowest Famitsu rating the franchise has had in years. Styles are cool but not everyone liked them. I also constantly hear complaints about how little HP monsters have and because of it 4-man runs are too quick and unenjoyable. Both of these changes were to appeal to more players, to make the game more attractive and less difficult. &gt; Not really. Most of the PC players this will hit likely don't own any other consoles/portables to begin with, and a lot of old school vets who moved away from Nintendo consoles will probably come back. And then you'll get people shitting on each other based on which game branch they like. Which will shun those who like one from trying the other. The MH community has had toxicity over far, far, far less.
I think there's a lot of overreactions here. If Capcom were abandoning Nintendo, they wouldn't have bothered to port MHXX to the Switch. Sony is just trying to get back a piece of the Monster Hunter pie, but to have the same exact game on both Switch and PS4 wouldn't do that for them (especially in Japan). I would be very surprised if we never saw another MH game on Switch.
They had to specifically adapt their engine and rework it for the Switch, I'm pretty sure that wasn't the case for P3rdHD.
Yes. The Switch is not region locked. It was one of their main points during their reveal conference. I already have Disgaea 5 JP, it's easy.
Which just gives more indications that they have no intention of abandoning the Switch.
Considering they didn't announce it today, I'm concerned as to what their plan is. Oh well, won't be the first time I played MH in Japanese. Probably won't be the last.
They can say that all they want but there's a reason it's not called Monster Hunter 5.
&gt; XX seems more like a treehouse level announcement anyway. It's really just an upscaled 3ds game. It would be weird to see that in the middle of all the big names we got on the "spotlight" or whatever. To be fair, we don't have XX at all. But your argument that it's better off in the Treehouse is a solid one, considering they didn't want anything non-Switch there.
&gt; The core formula and gameplay loop remain the same every time. Why do people insist that the game needs to be wildly different with every iteration? That's not a new entry into a franchise, that's an entirely new franchise. If you played a game, and hated it because of what it was, there shouldn't be any expectation that so much has changed that you will love the next entry. If I hated Mega Man X2, why should I be any happier than Mega Man X6 exists? I hated the core gameplay, and that shouldn't change between entries. It seems like a weird expectation that the core formula and gameplay loop would change between entries. That's the bread and butter of the game, without it it's not the same game. Anyone who is worried that the bread and butter is different has every right to be, because nothing shown in the MH:W trailer indicated that it was still there. It can be, it might be, it probably is, but there's no proof to that effect right now.
To be fair, people weren't happy about that trailer either. I remember the threads and posts saying that the game became a platformer. I'm not sure why it's expected that people would change their first reactions, and I don't get why Capcom hasn't realized that trailers that don't show anything are going to freak people out. That trailer didn't do it for me. Neither did MH4's. MH4 ended up being a decent game, but it doesn't change the fact that another trailer doing the same thing is going to worry people the same amount, myself included. Plus it doesn't help that this game came with a massive rumor that it's going to be a watered down version aimed at the Western market. It's not surprising that people took that rumor, combined it with a horrid trailer, and are freaking out.
That's by far the worst confirmed detail of this game. Dark Souls drop-in-out multiplayer is a terrible concept and only works in Dark Souls because of the nature of the game. So now to hunt with my friends I'm going to have to play summon roulette until they get lucky and see me? It took three games before FROM got this system to an even slightly acceptable point and I guarantee you Capcom will not get it right on their first try.
Honestly, it's far wiser to keep the hype train going. Nintendo just did it with Metroid and Metroid fans (myself included) are still in absolute fanatic-level shock. It's an AMAZING way to sell some games. You don't deboard the hype train after one stop if you can keep going.
And see the hype train for MP4 + M:SR. Not bringing MHXX here is a mistake, especially when the work is half done already to localize it, and the remainder of the work could have been done before the Switch version was finished.
It's still theft. Justify it however you want, if you didn't pay for it but are playing it, you stole it.
I think they cut out one of the games because they were behind.
I don't think they meant red health, I think they meant regenerating health like many shooters get nowadays (hide behind a wall, get all your health back).
I'm pretty sure it was completely cut. They spent a ton of time on Uncharted, then there was the MvC trailer, and then MH:W was being done.
Then import the JP version. Especially if we're talking about the Switch version, the Switch is region free so there's nothing stopping you from paying for it and playing legitimately.
That and the amount of tweets of disappointment in response to there being no MHXX news is the biggest indication that they really fucked up here. I don't understand why they thought that MHXX between now and the release of MH:W, when MHXX is an expansion on a game already out and nothing more than that, would be a deterrent to the momentum MH:W created. If anything, it would build further standing for the franchise. Especially when the #1 complaint about MHXX's Switch port was that it didn't look great. They could draw people in and then say, "Want this gameplay but looking even better than ever before with seamless and region free multiplayer? Check out Monster Hunter: World, which comes out not too much later!" Instead they decided to throw all their cards into MH:W, show almost no gameplay of it (which only served to concern fans), and piss off people who have been waiting for MHXX since it was announced in Japan nine months ago. I don't know if this is the result of some shady corporate shit from Sony like some people are suggesting, or if Capcom just really screwed the pooch here, but something was done wrong. This whole scenario is very reminiscent of P3rd.
It's because the reveal was immediately mixed with the 4chan rumor that had appeared to be true with the reveal. That rumor said that we were getting a "westernized" MH specifically built with "watered-down features" and "open-world". Then the trailer appeared to be both "watered-down features" and "open-world" based on assumptions from what was seen and very little information about the game. Definition of jumping to conclusions. I admit that I'm also guilty of it but I'm still skeptical and I will be until I see some major gameplay sessions. The trailer just didn't do it for me at all. But overall this is no different than the monster target cam fiasco. Remember when that was introduced? People screamed "THEY ADDED LOCK ON TO MONSTER HUNTER WHAT THE FUCK?!" for months, even after it was proven to not be a lock on.
P3rd actually released after Tri. Some sort of corporate fuckery happened and as a result we never got it. The speculation was that Capcom's deal with Sony fell through after they released Tri and while they were able to get P3rd out in Japan, they couldn't get it anywhere else because of Sony being difficult. P3rd fixed everything long-time fans hated about Tri, like the lack of Dual Blades, Hunting Horn, Bow and Gunlance, which were missing from Tri for no good reason, as well as significantly increased the monster lineup, which was another issue long-time fans had with Tri. But when it came time for us to get it, we never did. I remember there was a community adviser at the time that insisted that we'd get it, but then we just didn't. I remember people were pretty pissed at the time, but it wasn't as bad as this because they didn't also announce some other game and divert focus to the new game instead, Capcom just said nothing for a year or so about the franchise. It helps that the PSP was *easily* hacked at that point in its life (you didn't even need the special battery at that point), so translation patches came quickly and when Capcom started offering empty promises, people just hacked their PSP's, grabbed an English patch, and patched the game. In the end it was eventually forgotten, things like this always are as long as the game afterward is just as good as the franchise has always been. If MH:W ends up being just as good, if not better, than MHXX most will eventually forget MHXX wasn't released here, just like P3rd. But there's no reason to shun the people who will remember. However, with the Switch being region free, the ones who care will just learn how to play the game in Japanese and get it on the eShop. It's also a bad way to hold people over until MH:W's release. They could easily do it with a timely MHXX release, but instead they didn't so people who are salty will forget about the franchise in their anger, or simply "boycott" the series because of a perceived slight. It's just stupid. With the games being so different there's reason to give us both. I almost want to say it's more corporate fuckery, but Capcom could just as easily made a bad call.
&gt; Do they really think capcom would make this game and then its just running away from monsters? obviously thats not how it will be, they know why people play MH and they arent about to uproot the whole game randomly. especially when its a mainline title. People thought that Capcom knew why they liked DmC, and why they liked SFV, but from all accounts both of the most recent entries in those games have been total shit, riddled with issues. It's unfortunately more than possible for them to fuck up so badly that the game becomes unenjoyable. That's why the trailer doing such a poor job at selling the game has so many people on edge. Capcom's own track record has been poor in recent months.
It wasn't a big issue for MH4/4G.
To be fair, the Vita was revealed after MH3U was announced for the 3DS. If you expected a Vita MH, you weren't really paying enough attention. There was no indication that MH was ever coming to the Vita back then. On the other hand, people have every indication that MHXX is coming to the Switch, because it was announced in Japan. And there was no reason to think we'd get MHX but not MHXX. MHW came out of left field, for sure, but above that the lack of a MHXX localization announcement was basically a kick in the balls for everyone who wanted it.
Worked as a cashier for over a year. The only time I gave a shit what someone bought was when they were such assholes I wanted to have something to shit on them behind their back over. Or when someone made a huge deal over a penny's savings. Your gum is $1.00, not $0.99, get the fuck over it and get the fuck out.
It honestly worries me a little that they keep avoiding the presentation of normal combat. I get all the new features are cool and stuff, but ultimately it's all pointless if the main event, the combat, is not right.
Exactly. The trailer didn't do it because it didn't show that what we know is Monster Hunter is also this game. At all. I get that the original MH trailer, and MH4's trailer, also did a bad job. That's not an excuse to have another bad trailer, it really isn't. The worst part is even now, with gameplay demos, they're going out of their way to avoid fighting the monster head on and showing us that everything truly is fine, which implies that it might not be. Take a look at MHX's reveal trailer, and then take a look at MHW's reveal trailer. They're vastly different beasts. Within 15 seconds of the MHX reveal trailer, I know that not only is the gameplay intact, but they're adding some interesting new features to mix things up a bit. I might not immediately like HA's or Styles, but at least the gameplay is the same it's always been. MHW shows some cool new features, but it doesn't show that the gameplay is intact. Ultimately, that's what I care about. I don't want a game where I'm running from the monsters half the time, where I'm setting up environmental traps all the time; there are plenty of other games that have that kind of atmosphere. I don't play MH for any of that. So while these additions are nice, if the combat isn't just as good as it's always been, I don't really care about any of these additions. They're not going to sell the game to me. The trailer failed its job massively, and the Capcom doubled down on that failure and took away the game I WAS sold on. It's not a surprise that I, and people like me, are disappointed if not annoyed at Capcom.
It really feels like Capcom and the MHW developers don't really understand why people like Monster Hunter, which is really odd considering how long they've been making it and how long the core gameplay hasn't changed. They refuse to show us the #1 thing everyone who's concerned is interested in - combat. The trailer showed none of it, and they adamantly avoid it in their demos. They're not going to sell most veterans without it.
While I love the fact that they're devoting a lot of time to the PC version, it makes me sad that they couldn't get PC/console simultaneous release. Especially with the 30FPS cap, I really want to go PC, but I also don't want to wait 6+ months for a PC version, either. Depending on how far apart the releases will be will be a huge determination on how many people will get it, I think. On the other hand, if it ends up on Steam then everyone I know will get to see how much time I waste on this franchise...
&gt; Hardly a dumb teenager. Well...she's hardly a teenager, at least.
So do a lot of things, and those aren't getting outlawed. Look, I agree that it's terrible that people still smoke even though we all know exactly how bad it is. But people still do all kinds of stupid shit knowing full well how it can or could affect them. This line of thinking against tobacco is the same line of thinking that was used to attack pot (even if there were ulterior motives behind that attack). In the end we shouldn't be attacking people or things because of their negative impacts. Adults are grown up enough to make their own choices and they do it knowing the consequences. It would be one thing if they were hiding that tobacco was bad for you. But they're not.
&gt; If they decide to go full force into console/PC and leave portable MH in the past... I honestly wouldn't bet on that at all. Their core playerbase is still in Japan and that playerbase wants mobile far more than console. I wouldn't be surprised if we start seeing a resurgence in the Portable line of MH games. There's only one system that would be on considering the 3DS is near EoL and the Vita is abandonware.
MH is easy to play in Japanese. Their naming methodology is pretty simple, and there's pretty obvious indicators once you know what to look for for what you need. Skills can be difficult if only because there's just so many of them now, but it's not an insurmountable wall, especially with resources like Kiranico. The only major problems are items that don't follow the normal naming scheme and have some random characters that don't attach to anything you're used to. For example, items are normally [Genus]の[Part Type] but sometimes the most random items have a random collection of characters and you're just stumped. This happens a lot when the item has an unusual name like the Sponge items from Royal Ludroth or some random passive creature's carves. It's not too bad to get used to, though. It's doable without actually learning Japanese in any way and just matching things up.
Something I think would be a good way to handle this issue is how in Binding of Isaac, when you get a certain number of clears (criteria would probably be different for this game), everything gets harder intentionally to combat the fact that the game started easier to ease you in. I think the same approach could work here to deal with the fact that the earlier maps are easier to help us get into how the game works.
&gt; Contrary to popular belief, many (I'd argue most) gamers don't really care how many frames a game runs at as long as it's consistent. That's partially true. Most people don't care after it gets above 30 or 60 (depending on the gamer), but a game at 20FPS locked is an abomination and hard to play. There were a few PSP and 3DS games that were locked at 20 FPS and they were impossible to play if they were meant to be action based like MH. Some people even got migraines from it. Even if you didn't, the game looked so choppy and shitty it wasn't worth playing.
&gt; I think probably a big waste of money is people not taking care of what they already own. My uncle is a huge victim of this. He bought a new fridge a few years ago. Less than 12 months later, he's moving out of the place he's at, and my family asks what he's doing with the fridge. "Oh that piece of shit, it doesn't work anymore I don't want it. I got a new one." First of all, that fucking thing was most likely on warranty and even if it wasn't, whatever's wrong with it is 10x less expensive to replace than ***an entirely new fridge***. It's like if your car needs an oil change or new tires, but that's too much work so you keep driving until the engine fails or the axle breaks and just get a new car. Oh wait, he's done that too. If he took care of his shit, he wouldn't be as close to debt as he constantly is. But he never spends wisely, he never thinks about what he has, and it costs him constantly.
Literally the definition of microtransactions. They're built on the model that people will go, "It's only $0.50," or "It's only $1." People pay it. Then they pay it again. And again. And next thing they know, they've spent $150 on nothing. The microtransaction model is pure evil because it's all about extorting people and playing mind games. But even outside of that, you're right. Everyone who buys a daily coffee from Starbucks or something like that is spending about $25-30 a week on coffee. Most offices provide free coffee. Making your own coffee is significantly cheaper. But since it's only $5/cup, no one really thinks about it until they've thrown hundreds into daily coffee.
Honestly if anything less monsters should have their own themes, not the other way around. I agree that some of the themes are really cool but when you start farming them it gets boring after a while that even if you're in a different area the theme is the same. Plus some area's themes are better than the monster's which is annoying when you don't get to hear the area's theme. It would be cool if you could pick what theme you hear, especially in the Arena.
They're not going to risk alienating anyone that they get to the series with MHW by then releasing a game that is, to them, inferior. It's the same idea as if they gave us MHFU after they released MHTri. It's not going to happen. If they think sales from MHXX is going to step on toes with MHW, they're not going to later step on MHW's toes with MHXX. The same reasoning they're not localizing it now is going to be the same reason they're not going to localize it later. I just don't see it happening. The time to give us MHXX was now. They passed it up. I wanted MHXX localized as much as anyone else, I have a few people I was going to try and convince to buy it, and it would be great to have a local hunting party again. But the chances of it happening are so low at this point I wouldn't bet on it at all.
It's honestly a bad reason unless they're planning on simultaneous worldwide release being a constant thing now along with the new game coming out in the next year or so, which seems unlikely. They want to get the MH fanbase in the West, but they also need to consider MH overload. This is a game that is very easy to overload on, if they release games on rapid fire they're going to burn people out, regardless of quality. I wouldn't be surprised if we see information about this game, if it exists, next year with a release date in 2019. With this line of thinking it doesn't really give any validity to why they wouldn't give us MHXX. Before anyone asks, the reason I don't think MHXX would cause overload is because MHXX is an expansion to a game we already have, not an entirely new game. One of the biggest issues with starting a new MH is....starting a new MH. Getting the gear you need to truly thrive and have a lot of fun can be a chore. Sure, some people can go naked and all that fun stuff but most people don't, and building up your armory can take a lot of time and effort. Especially with charms. If you need some of the rarer charms it can take forever, and when you start a new game you throw all of that away. With an expansion all that hard work is kept, thus less burnout possibility.
Frontier threw away the "That's ridiculous" barrier a long time ago, ever since they started with Hardcore monsters over seven years ago. One of the first HC monsters, Congalala, would fart massive shit-splosions in rapid fire, it was hilariously ridiculous. You know that move where he jumps at you and lands on his belly? He does that, then the recoil throws him back up into the air three times, and every time he lands his ass explodes and half the map gets filled with poop clouds. Almost every attack does it. And he randomly does it just because he can. So yeah, I don't think there's a single line the MHFO team won't cross.
&gt; That and this game might only come out at a later time far after when World comes out. Exactly, I completely agree. But that's why I don't think it's a legitimate barrier for MHXX for us. It's too far away for it to be an issue. I honestly think they expected MHW to hype us up so much we wouldn't want MHXX anymore. They were very wrong. They could have planned a 6-8 month window between MHXX and MHW, which is more than enough time for an expansion to die down enough for a brand new game to take over.
Except MHXX has already been in Japan for 3 months on 3DS. The Switch version doesn't impact the timeline for that, they can use the same translated files for both versions. Which means 2 more months from now (5 since the JP release) lines up perfectly with the Switch release. They could have been working on the MHXX localization since it released in Japan and get us a Switch + 3DS version release near or with the Switch release in Japan. It was no where near outside the realm of possibility.
&gt; Nostalgia would also say Lao Shan Lung, but unless they really revamp the fight it is a bit tad on the boring side turns out Lao Shan Lung was revamped, thanks /u/Paperchampion23, and from what I can tell by watching looks better. Though can still see Jhen Moran or Dahren Moran being something that could fit as well. I know it's an unpopular opinion, but I hope they keep out gigantic monsters. They are just *so* boring. They can revamp Lao Shan, Jhen, Dahren, and Shen Gaoren all they want but ultimately they're not going to stop being so boring. They're gigantic monsters that attack slow and the only danger is because they're so massive. Hell most of them aren't even a danger to you as the player, but the town you're defending or whatever, and it's more likely you'll fail because the town gets destroyed than fail because it actually bested you.
You can create multiple accounts on your Switch, one of them you link to a Japanese NNID and the system figures out that you should be able to access the JP eShop. When you open the eShop, and it asks what account you want to use, select your JP one and it will go to the JP eShop. You also start to get JP News in your News Feed. It's honestly not too complicated, you should be able to create a JP NNID on the Nintendo site, but I made mine a long time ago with a JP 3DS so I don't remember how much of a hassle it is or isn't.
Every handheld Monster Hunter has had an Ad-Hoc (local) multiplayer mode. Every single one.
Honestly, SGU felt like one of those shows that, despite its lore and overall flaws, had a plan for the entire story from day one. That's pretty rare from TV shows where you have a season planned at best. Characters like Ginn, the people who went to the alien-crafted planet, and several other storylines appeared to have continuing plots that I feel would have been fulfilled far better if the show hadn't been cancelled. It still bothers me that SG-U was cancelled before the second half of the second season was even shown, which was by far the best part of the show. SyFy never even gave it a chance.
Unfortunately it didn't work. It got the label itself off, but there's still a sheet of glue that I need to basically sand out of it. I dunno who thought that this was a bright idea but it's such a mess.
Barely, I wouldn't really consider it a major thing. He's shown up once per season, for like less than a minute each time. The woman who played Weir has had far more time on Dark Matter.
I honestly don't think ~6-7 months is too short for most people. It all depends on how fervently they play the game, and it's mostly veterans that play non-stop. Not only that, people who are now interested in the franchise and are picking up an entry to see how it is before World is released. They are going to pick up a game and start playing now. MHXX was the perfect game to hold over both veterans and new players alike while we all wait for MHW.
Personally, I can say that I felt Dark Souls 2 + 3 were way easier than Demon's Souls was way back when. That game was brutal. But you also have to consider experience. Is it easier, or have we gotten better? The same thing is said about Monster Hunter every new game. "It's so much easier! The monsters have so much less health! This game has been made shit to get novices!" Are you sure about that, or are you just a lot better? The first time I fought Kut-Ku, in MHF1, I got my ass thoroughly kicked. Now, I kick Kut-Ku's ass without even trying. Is Kut-Ku easier, or am I just better? Same question for Dark Souls. Without knowing the exact variables and formulas, there's no way to know for certain but I wouldn't be surprised if experience has a greater effect on this than anything the developers did for either game.
Had this same thing happen during the Gammoth Urgent in MHX (not Generations, was playing the JP version before we got Generations). Guy waited outside of the map until the monster was dead. I honestly don't get this. How is this even remotely fun, to anyone? I get trolling but it felt more like the guy was incapable of fighting the monster so they AFK'd until it was dead because they still wanted the rewards. If you can't fight them at that point, I don't know why you're not playing or at least trying to get better. This was High Rank, so do the Low Rank Gammoth alone and try to get better with it, but AFK victories...that's just the lowest of the low.
They're all in the same vein of games, intentionally difficult games that were made that way to give people a challenge. Dark Souls is the spiritual successor to Demon's Souls, so it's a fair comparison.
&gt; Your character is slow but the Monster remains about the same speed. Most monsters got faster in water. Plesioth, Royal Ludroth and Lagiacrus all dominated in the water. Gobul, while not faster really, was just flat out better in every other way underwater (which isn't saying much, though, when he was a joke on land). Of course that was the point for them, but it was frustrating to deal with monsters moving twice as fast as you and your dodge and moveset being abysmally slow in comparison.
Main MHs have had patches ever since at least MH4, when it was released with a bug that allowed people to create Expedition Quests that had the monster spawning in the base camp (thus with no AI and sat there doing nothing). The patches don't ever add languages or content, though.
Ah I love the Frozen Seaway theme. But you have, what, two monsters that trigger it?
The thing that bothered me about the Earth Queen's death is that they killed her on-screen but then didn't have the balls to have Zaheer say that she's dying, and instead stepped around the term.
&gt; This JavaScript thing isn't working. First answer is almost always, &gt;Use jQuery. 95% of the time it's when the person who asked specifically said they didn't want to use jQuery.
Yeah but it would be all anecdotal, no solid sources behind it. Unless one of us got bored of writing code and started writing books about why we hated ourselves so much.
Probably weird to some people, but [Resonant Catastrophe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4RiFmbT3ZY) from the Phantasy Star Online 2 OST. It's a 21 minute theme that just...doesn't stop being awesome in my opinion. If I need to get something done or pass boring time I just turn it on and let it go.
At this point they really do the opposite. I want to know how well off I'll be with a different weapon type entirely, and it's pretty hard to know that with the random modifiers modifying them. But without them, I can directly determine the difference between a specific Bow and a specific SnS or Hammer or anything else. I've loved the removal of these values ever since they did it in P3rd, I really wish they kept it that way.
&gt; How you even gonna know that I got a job at Jason's Deli, Jimmy John's? Easy. Unless you're being paid under the table, your income gets reported to several government agencies which can be inquired pretty easily by corporations for this kind of information. Don't forget your former employer has your Social Security Number and several other very important pieces of personally identifiable information on file from the second they hire you. That's how 99% of non-competes are checked up on. They wouldn't exist if it weren't ridiculously easy to make sure you're following them. Personally I think non-competes are very corporate friendly and bullshit, but honestly what isn't in America at this point? We're only a few steps behind a corporate run country at this point.
If the original company is vindictive they can query your work information and sue you. You're just lucky that they don't give enough of a shit to bother. Or you left on a positive note so they didn't care to go after you. Just because you left it off of your resume doesn't mean that neither party could find out if they really wanted to.
It's almost the same as Tri, where the only returning monsters were Rathalos, Rathian and Diablos. And who really wants Diablos to come back? He's awful.
I've never thought his moveset was all that interesting nor dangerous. Half the fight is spent following him around, waiting for him to come back, or avoiding his tunneling. Playing catch with the monster has never really been fun to me.
Minion and gathering quests both have their purpose and often exist in G and High Rank as well. The purpose is material gathering. A bug quest is significantly more rewarding for bug materials than killing bugs one at a time. Sure, if you're going for completion and don't need the bug materials then it sucks to have to do the quest, but if you want bug materials you are very thankful that the quest exists. The same goes for all those "garbage" quests. If they didn't exist you'd be pissed when you need it and it's not there.
[Relevant video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn5K9S3kNo4)
Bought some aluminum pans the other day for storing/cooking food, and the assholes who sold the pans put a sticker on the top pan that used that super glue type adhesive. I still haven't gotten it off, but thankfully I haven't needed that pan since I got it in a two pack and I can just use the other one for now. It's still ridiculously frustrating.
&gt; Worst of it, the employers confiscate their passport and they can't even leave the country at will. Yup, this absolutely happens. I worked for a company in the US that was based in Dubai. Occasionally one of the Dubai workers would find a way to get relocated to the US office for whatever reason, and they all told the same story. The work conditions were atrocious. They're mistreated and the housing that they're forced to use is crammed full of people (Like 6-10 people in less than 600sqft). They would grab a bunch of people from the less wealthy Indian countries and bring them to Dubai, then treat them like trash. They get nixed of pay all the time for everything. If you get caught touching the glass part of a glass door instead of the door handle, you get charged for it. Drink any water? Charged. Use the break room? Charged. Their passports were confiscated so they couldn't get out if they wanted to. They're basically indentured slaves. Every single person who got relocated to the US got married within 6 months of relocation so that they didn't get deported back to Dubai when the company eventually collapsed (which everyone knew was going to happen, the company was horribly mismanaged from day one in the US, they tried to treat everyone in the US like they treated them in Dubai).
&gt; Personally I enjoyed SG:U. It really only feels like Stargate due to the cameos and the use of the Stargate to "beam down" to the planets. It's more of its own show, and would have probably done a bit better if they'd dropped the Stargate franchise name and made the show its own universe. Then it wouldn't have been beholden to old Stargate fans, and they would have been able to explore outside of the well established lore. I think SGU was the perfect spin-off show. It took the core lore and backbone of the series, the Ancients and their technology, and adapted it into a more serious story-based show. Not every show has to be identical to its predecessor, similar to spin-off games vs sequels. The only thing I didn't really like about SGU was that some of the lore was transitioned in a way that felt like whoever did it wasn't paying attention to the other shows enough. For example, the use of Naquadria when it was an unnatural resource specific to one planet (yet suddenly wasn't in SGU) and the solar flare gate influence being for over a day instead of a minute at most.
&gt; Since Ryo is the season's main antagonist, the fall of his house is inevitable. Even if he weren't the main antagonist right now, it's not like he's doing things that are indicative of a healthy society or good leadership.
I am basically going to main Hammer in MHXX. I was going to just do a "No Bow, since I play Bow too much", but then I struck gold with a KO+10 OO- Charm by pure chance. It's doing great, IMO. Brave Style takes some getting used to but once I did, I'm enjoying it a lot. My only problem is building the brave bar is a bitch because your moveset is severely limited until you fill it. Personally I wasn't a fan of Adept for Hammer, the mid-charge uppercut has been a major attack for me ever since it was added in Tri, and Adept removing it killed the style for me. Almost all of Brave Stance is uppercuts, so it's perfect for me. The new Hunting Art for Hammer makes it so that all of your charge attacks follow up with mini KO-splosions. It takes a long time to charge and is pretty nice, but I haven't used it too much because it actually changes how a couple of charge attacks work and the art doesn't last long enough for it to not drive me nuts. I'll probably try it again when I get II or III for it unlocked and it lasts longer. Outside of that it hasn't really changed much since Generations.
&gt; It's very likely that the game will have many western values, I wouldn't be surprised if the tutorials, town activities, items and crafting were simplified or streamlined, especially toward making the first few hours more action paced and attractive to the west. It all depends on how much they compromised for the western audience. It's one thing when they upgrade some of the shortcomings and remove some of the quirkiness, regardless of if you liked those things or not. It's another thing when the game is intentionally simplified or the challenge is lessened simply to gain that western audience. We have no real way to know what has been done to get the audience they want other than that it's on consoles.
Ah, the glory of Rathalos's tail when he does a taunt. Don't you love dying from max health to a Silver Rathalos that was doing nothing other than growling and scraping the ground you weren't near with his foot?
Damn it looks great, and it's good to hear that it's not a lazy port. Only two months to go!
Not really, the same people are not involved. It'll essentially be a SGU fanfic that's endorsed by MGM.
Won't be the first time I played MH in Japanese and I doubt it'll be the last.
&gt; Seiken Densetsu 3 To be fair, we'd never get that in an official release considering it's fan translated. But if it were translated for us (which is basically not going to happen at this point), they could give us the Seiken Densetsu Collection on the Switch, which I would snatch up in a heartbeat.
Except at its very core that still lessens the risk of using potions. Before, if you used a potion in a poor spot, you didn't just not restore health, you lost more. Now, you'll restore some health and also most likely escape unscathed. I can totally understand how people are saying that it's going to make the game easier if nothing was done to compensate for that.
&gt; like removing rolling i-frames I-frames have been a part of the franchise since day one and are a staple of action RPGs forever. It's a risk-reward system that rewards perfect timing and skillful play. How can you possibly think that removing one of the biggest skill-based systems in the game is a good idea? Remove Adept Style, for sure. It was broken anyway. But i-frames are not something that's broken. It's something that rewards skillful play.
I'm confused as to how that's the case. The point in which they got the full amount right before getting hit was the end of the animation, which means the end of what they would heal for now too. The only difference is that they can avoid the attack entirely and still get 2/3rds of the health back if not more, because they knew it was coming and were able to cancel out. Before, it didn't matter if you knew it was coming, if you were in mid animation you were screwed. Plus if you can dodge out at any point of the animation that means you can perfect time dodges you'd never be able to pull off before, meaning you get even more health before you would need to cancel. Overall this change, on its own, is a "makes the game easier" change. Whether or not the other changes are enough to counter this remains to be seen. Honestly, while I understand the hatred for the animation and why people didn't like it, it taught you early the nature of the risk-to-reward system that exists at the very core of Monster Hunter which is why it was, in my opinion, a net benefit. From day one if you made bad choices on when to recover and regroup your efforts, you faced the consequences. What does that now?
I see your argument and understand it, but I completely disagree with you. &gt; First, it looks stupid. It doesn't make visual sense that moving into an attack helps you avoid it, when logic dictates that should cause it to hit you harder. Depends on what attacks we're talking about here. A fire breath could be avoided in the same way that if you quickly run over coals, or quickly put out a candle, you don't get burned. In this vein, perfect dodging attacks can make visual sense. &gt; It's an abstraction of an action you can already do more manually (dodging attacks), so it is completely unnecessarily (as opposed to a side view 2d game, where you can't move through the y axis). While true, it's a risk-reward system at its core where you take a risk, and if you are successful you are rewarded for it. The very foundation of Monster Hunter. You can take the safe route and avoid an attack more round-about, but if you take the risk to avoid it more dangerously you gain from it when successful. The option of "normal" dodges is not gone, nor are they obsolete. There are many attacks that cannot be dodged even with the evasion armor skills. &gt; Third, Monster Hunter is mostly a game designed around putting a lot of weight behind concepts like positioning, distancing, timing, and aiming, and I love it for that. All of these things are supported with i-frames. If you position yourself incorrectly, you won't be able to dodge it. If you distance yourself improperly, your dodge will not go far enough (or go too far), and you will fail your dodge. If you dodge too early or too late, you will fail. If you do not angle your dodge correctly, you will fail. All four of the aspects you love about Monster Hunter are supported in the execution of i-frame dodging. &gt; i-frames weight things way too much towards timing for my taste (though not as bad as something like dark souls, or adept style), and it ruins that "fencing" feel for me. I would agree that timing is the most important factor here, but it really seems like you want it gone because it doesn't fit your personal preference, not because it's a bad mechanic. I hate Flash Bombs because of how they make the monsters completely random and unpredictable, but I don't think Flash Bombs should be gone simply because I dislike how they work.
&gt; Najarala that can dig to the opposite side of the map to eat... That's actually exactly who I was thinking of when I wrote that post. Was fighting him in the center area of his main map (I forget the name of the map). He slithers over to the middle of the area, digs into the ground....and was gone. I checked all adjoining areas, he wasn't in any of them. Turns out he went up that cliff into the his nest, but he didn't limp out so I had no way to know he'd be there. Was a little frustrated.
To be fair, Garuga is the embodiment of pure rage. It's hard not to get pissed off by that purple Kut-Ku Rathian hybrid mother fucker.
That quote has nothing to do with the monsters being learned and predicted. That has to do with the monsters interacting with each other and the environment/ecology of the map and world. There's nothing presented that would imply that the monster AI has become random and unpredictable.
Yeah exactly, it's the same thing as games that do calculations during each frame. If you increase the framerate beyond what was designed freaky things start happening.
Exactly. If they leave, they leave a void that others will fill very easily. Things like Cable, Internet, etc., aren't going anywhere. These rich people do not have a stranglehold on those services, we let them convince us that they do but they don't, not in that regard. Sure, as long as they're here they do, but the second they leave they're doing exactly what we want and need: opening it up for the rest of us. They can't take the infrastructure and everything else they built with them, and someone else can take them over and do it right. So I say, good. Seeya later rich fuckers. You're not helping the country anyway.
I never said it's easy to live without conveniences, but it's a lot easier to continue to live without something you didn't have for a prolonged period of time. You can't say that you were being frugal when you were barely getting paid enough to get by because you literally didn't have the money to do anything else. It wasn't a choice. If I only have the money to buy bread, I can't say that I'm being frugal when I only buy bread. Then, after only eating bread for a year it's much easier to keep only eating bread.
It's basically a social death sentence. Even if you get it revoked, no one will remember that part of the story when they talk about how you're a sex offender.
I mean, people aren't anymore, so mind as well pass that rule on to something else right?
&gt; Thirdly, who mentioned impeachment? Why did you bring that up? Not that I agree with him...but you did. &gt; If Obama did this to any female host on Fox I'm sure that the Trumpflakes would go wild and ***call for his impeachment.***
Yeah, Sophie doesn't have any deadlines. Firis has some light deadlines but they're not as bad as older games were. Both games are fantastic light hearted RPGs. The Atelier franchise is great for some cheerful fun and some of the best music around.
Not if you do it out of sight of other players, which I think is the case. Can't you only swap gear inside the tent? The issue is swapping individual pieces at high frequency, everyone has to load the new models and it's an unnecessary load on 4 clients all at once.
&gt; No other MH title has player hits causing as much screenshaking and hitstop as MH4U The reverse of that is that the screenshaking was too much for some people, like myself, who frequently got headaches playing from it. Especially from weapons that hit several times in small amounts like with Bow. It was fine if I was using a melee weapon, for the most part, but every shot with a good bow caused just enough screenshake to build a headache for me, it absolutely sucked. It's possible that's why they reduced the amount of it. The part about staggering...I mean it's nice to see the enemy react more often to your attacks but staggering has been reduced because it made runs too easy. Especially with four people; the monsters were basically always staggered, which is no fun at all. I understand that it sucks when you land a big hit and the monster doesn't even respond, but in the reverse of that it sucks when the monster responds so much they don't get a chance to actually attack.
They didn't. He's pretty much exactly the same. The difference is that you have far more mobility in X/XX.With Adept you can follow him as he runs around after attacking you and with Aerial you can keep on his less bouncy parts. Brave is good for cancelling your combos into a sheathed and running state as well.
I wouldn't really call that a full fledged repel. It's a tutorial. It lasts almost no time. I've played tutorials in JRPG's that lasted significantly longer. If the OP was too lazy to do the tutorial then they weren't going to be playing very long to begin with.
That's because even though it's illegal you have to prove that it was done, which is impossible when all evidence that it was done is intentionally destroyed after the "legal" evidence was "found". The only paper trail is the one leading to the "proper" investigation.
