Incorrect. The simple answer is actually make a faraway cage. That means you put a car battery inside the cage and power leds from that. The most simple constant current source from a $2 linear IC has ability to dim using the feedback/reference voltage. If you use switching IC / LED driver chip you may get "noise"but way above perceptible frequencies
Subletting involves a signed document. Paying rent involves a check or getting a receipt if you ever have reason to pay with cash. Your story doesn't make any sense, but you should file a small claims after you report fraud to police.
Incorrect. They are supposed to be separate systems, but no one really maintains the manhole gaskets. When it rains hard and fills up the storm drains, water in intersections will go down into the sewer culverts. This will then flood basements with sewer rain water. It also means the entire sewer pipe can be flooded to the brim with water. Though likely the treatment plants let 90 percent of the water through and anything that can swim can avoid the removal of top floating stuff and the sediment which go into different collection tanks/ponds.
I agree. Something like this should never be drawn without 4th body terminal. But I'm confused at op. Clearly kn is kp and all the same for these ideal transistors. Why would he be confused. If id1 =id2 then vgs1 =vgs2....
Honestly, she endangered her community. She didn't even take his keys or call a cab. If he killed a family driving home from theater, I doubt she would be charged with accesory or negligent homicide.
First of all mF... You will need large capacitance to "see" led fade with power off over seconds. Obviously you can put cap across led and when powered the current will mostly go into cap and voltage will rise dV/dt will indicate how fast led gets brighter or dimmer. However the pwm will try and put an average voltage on cap, which may not show up well on led brightness because of exponential nature. It is easier to make pwm show different brightness levels with on/off duty cycle. You might end up trying to show brightness by analog voltage which is exponential. This depends on pin current drive, the RC, and how fast you switch the pwm, relative to how large the cap is.
The best solution here seems to be two wires, each with a two terminals and a lead wire crimped on that plug into each bee board. I see no advantage to making a pcb cross over when you can just make wires in an X. Also consider kapton tape and copper foil instead of a pcb.
No this was two years ago. She was republican judge for 13 yrs then switched to democrat for one year. Judges only punishment was banned from being a judge in Texas. But why the fuck you can do this and still practice law.... 'merica The judge immediately ran for a D.A. position. The asst D.A. Involved in this txting during trial incident is now a judge I believe in the vacated seat. The ADA who was doing as much as the judge only got a $650 fine.
Reed switch as input to a 555 trigger. You could have two reed switches at different radius to handle two magnets and make a more complicated latching
Cut all contact. Work on being best you, you can be. When she sees you've moved on and dating and like yourself and aren't clingy, maybe, maybe she will see you in different light. She is moving on, but hedging her bets until she has better thing, and gets everything from you like support, etc. Imagine you had a roommate that decided they weren't sure they still wanted to live with you. They aren't paying rent anymore and moved out, but still want to sleep in their old bed occasionally and eat from your fridge.
Table 15 it's more clear. Also you are limited to 25mA sink, 10mA source, so you need to consider pwm drew and driver gate capacitance.
Might want gnd / vcc pins next to each other maybe in middle /mid left edge. I might consider the gnd as a C shape on one side and Vcc as E shape on opposite side. Either way, make vcc much much thicker. Might need capacitor on vcc. Might need diodes depending on motors. You sure you don't need larger resistors, like 1/2 watt?
They have years of working with semiconductor fabs though.
Wtf are you talking about. Except maybe apt complex, every house in US has 240Vac transformer on a pole servicing a few houses. It sends 120Vac and 120Vac 180outofphase. (Your circuit breaker has half the breakers on one 120 and half on the other) If you wired your outlets with 240V outlets, you could have 240V kettles. In fact your oven range probably is 240V, just like electric dryer. Now kitchen outlets near water require GFCI so I'm not sure if they can make that, but near your stove you could. Also you can get 2kW on a circuit if you wanted to have upgraded wiring maybe a 30A 120V outlet.
He is asking about 3kW. This is already in people's homes, and for electric car chargers you just need visit from an electrician. If too many homes started down tesla route, they might need to upgrade pole transformers or install those rack battery storage things for off peak load distribution.
Cheapest is find old thermostat with mercury switch and make your own with bi metallic coil. Or just get a freeze thermostat which open circuit or close circuit when basically a relay from bi metallic pops at certain temp.
Nope. Dawn. If you want, go to any walmart and they sell small bags of oildri for $4 Also note that gasoline is bad, but oil is what asphalt is made of so just sop up excess, wait until summer
One, your best bet is analog/MS FPGA and you could use ADC for input, software to compute the desird analog output (opamp function, RC, etc) and use a DAC to output desired analog signal... Simulating the RC opamp etc.. Also read papers on software programmable hardware. Look at projects like LittleBits.
Just so you know EE and other disciplines have projected 0 percent growth in next decade.
Not months. At mach 4.2 only a few days.
2 yr old story. Judge resigned voluntarily to avoid any sanctions. She then ran for Dist Atty office. The other party in this was the asst DA who was receiving txt and telling prosecutors what to ask, mid trial. That ADA is now a judge in maybe the same court where the first judge resigned.
Did you check oil level? When was grinding noise?
Can you solder a lug to pcb copper? I doubt it would handle wires moving. I'm not sure how you solder a large lug without melting polycarb.
You are the same dick pilot who was partying with co pilot downtown all night. All of the passengers and FA left an hour early to deal with the snow which was reported on coming for last day on the news. But, no, you the asshole pilot didn't go to the hotel shuttle until the normal time and everyone at the airport sat waiting because two assholes partied all night and didn't bother leaving early. The FA told us how they left and got there on time. But we waited and watched you walk on to the plane an hour after scheduled take off time. No planes were delayed taking off that day, but we were all two hours late because of two selfish assholes. But after all the passengers spent the night in that next airport the airline declared it weather related, but in fact it just two pilots not getting on a shuttle until 20 mins before scheduled.
You don't have enough time. Even at 1s per entry, if you took over 1000 gas stations 24/7, you can get 200 million entries in time. Another reason they expanded the number pool. This last starting they only sold 75 percent of combinations
If you search around there are lots of post for nfc led toys. What you have to understand is with just a loop, the nfc field is looking for a device (chip) to respond. Otherwise you are getting a 2 Hz or something strobing AC signal. Why the led works is the nfc field generates like say 5Vac (really more like 10mA of AC current). The diode lights up because it is one way path for the current. What the nfc chip does is rectify the nfc voltage to a DC voltage which goes to led, cap, and current limiting resistor. Probably some diodes used as well. You might be able to place a second led in reverse to reduce some flicker, but really you need some diode bridge and capacitor and resistor to limit diode current.
Bullshit, the admins of jtv could do something about it. They have the ips. They could notice the same 100 IP coming into chat at the exact same moment over and over again. I wouldn't be surprised if they are all same ipv4 or maybe all ipv6. The admins love it. It increase value of their site and increases ad revenue, and tricks morons into paying to subscribe to these fakers. So admins won't reduce bots ever. People like you don't want to rock the boat since you are making money from all of this. I wouldn't be surprised if the bot sellers are admins at twitch, or maybe they are internal to their own servers.
Lol, see you are wrong and a liar paid by tmo to spread lies. Read eff article
Would it be hard to scrape hbo go listings? They don't have a huge number of movies.
Two things. Would it be possible to also scrape dvd release date, or Netflix recently added, and add that category. Also, if you look around on reddit there were recent posts about netflix hidden subcategories, which seem super easy to add and would be huge advantage over Netflix interface.
Charge one to 0.5V and use clamp current meter and longer wire to start or with
It's because there is a Google+ entry for GetLaidFlowers.com with a phone number and that address. There has been a website existing for 4 yrs if you check archive.org
FFS, it can be soldered. They have shrink wrap, he'll they sell liquid electrical tape which is like painting on rubber, probably better than new. You need to get mouse traps in your car now with peanuts on the sticky pads, who knows what else they chewed.check your cabin air filter also usually inside your glove box.
You are clueless. There is zero safe way to allow anonymous voting on the internet. If you want to do away with people knowing how you voted and introducing vote buying / voter intimidation like by employers, then go ahead. The only way to have safe voting is in person, counted at the polls, with public observers.
Only fill to 3/4 full. Tightly seal cap. If you still get code you may need new cap, evap canister, blocked vent line. You can read code yourself at car parts store instead of this wondering game
Brah, the batteries provide the HHO gas, but once the gas generator is started, you hook it up to that induction motor and it not only recharges the batteries, but provides 50A at 14VDC to generate more HHO, and also powers the grid at 5000W and runs a 600W humidifier... I don't understand why a humidifier... Hell, just buying distilled water to run this thing would be a cost savings over diesel... Why does this idiot even think any of this is even close to possible?
100 percent no it is not dangerous. Unless it gets wadded up and you jam connector in there. usually you need a new usb cable and you will further wear out that fragile charging connector which you are screwed when that breaks. Too much pressure or bending might cause problems. Almost all the time a new cable will fix things, I recommend one with led in it to tell you if current is flowing from the $5 store
This idiot spams videos to their subreddit /r/justkiddingfilms
Paging /u/TheRittyl these guys are astronomically stupid. What kind of college could you graduated from and have less knowledge than a six year old playing with blocks.
Is there junk yard or picknpull pullapart place nearby? First check the fuses for headlights. Next find the relays for high beam and headlights and swap them and see if anything changes. The problem is likely in the multi function switch (stick with knobs screwed into the steering wheel column), you can pull replacement at junk yard
The battery light really just means the alternator isn't charging. As you confirmed, at idle the voltage is below 13.5V which means the battery is powering most of the car. It's unlikely the battery is bad with a battery tender, assuming it isn't AGM and damaged because float charge voltage is different for agm compared to flooded cell. Obviously have battery tested because a bad battery could have killed the alternator, but obviously in addition your alternator belt is slipping, or your alternator / voltage regulator is bad, or your car has some sort of load detection circuit. Also a mouse might have chewed on a wire, like a field voltage wire to the alternator. Note: you should check voltage with battery tender on it. That would be the float charge voltage (hopefully your battery tender supports this). With the battery tender removed a fully charged battery is 12.6V depending on the temperature outside. Idle should be above 13V (13.5?) At a minimum and increase with rpm up to 14.5V (Odds are your voltage regulator is shot, or maybe replace whole alternator if warranteed)
Max voltage, is in fact maximum rated voltage. You should find a datasheet to answer questions about operating gating voltages etc. Galco.com has datasheet and app notes if it is same product
I posted website you can find datasheets on.
Turn down the heat setting. Don't run the fan on high when heater is on. Make sure heater is only thing plugged into that circuit. Plug it into one of those timers, so it cycles on and off every 10 mins
12v is too low. Maybe your meter doesn't work, but Google battery university float charge
You "cook" for a living and needed help on this question?? FFS.. Are you serious? And you threw it out?
Doesn't matter about her. If you see her say "hey I remember you, weren't you that girl from xxxx" Or just talk like she is a friend from high school. Stop worrying about what to say. It's not a big deal.
The system runs open loop when starting. It is probably running open loop always now with that code. Did you clear the code? If it returns it is 100 percent telling you one o2 sensor is not getting above 0.1V You can read data on most obd2 sensors, hell get a $5 Bluetooth elm327 one and run a phone app. Confirm you have bad o2, replace, then deal with hard starting. It might also be running lean (detected lean?) Due to fuel issue which the o2 sensor is correctly reading.
Also did you mean starter fuse, starting solenoid?, ignition coil?
Did you try the output \n Maybe a=6 b=5 c="3 4"
Quit spamming your lies. Pharma represents almost 10 percent of their money. Not 0.07
That thing has been through a fire. Anyways if your state has libraries, you can very often find chiltons etc and look out all up to your hearts content
Civilians don't have qualified immunity. Civilians face a trial when they shoot unarmed teenagers dead. Civilians don't have municipalities pay millions of dollars in settlements because of their negligence and still keep their jobs.
What really matters is mileage and if fluid were changed on time. Not just oil, but brake fluid, coolant etc. Someone with records and log or receipt will probably be more reliable car.
Nope, ask the seller of the have these things. Toyota will have records of dealership work by vin after you prove you are new owner.
Yeah, if the support is overhead of the hole, either bolt into hole with proper thread through chain, or wrap chain around and bolt it closed. Bolts over 10mm can handle thousands of lbs shear, much more than a static load of under 1000lbs.
Buy me this expensive thing!! I'm totally not qualified in any way but on 10 years people will be wearing them.
Fuck dude, you might as well post on seddit with this "course" and "free program". I LEARNED HOW TO INSTANTLY CONNECT TO PEOPLE, YOU CAN TOO! BUY MY PROGRAM ON UBEPOPULAR2.COM
It's spam, what do expect.
Trump is a democrat though.
It's not the same. For one thing heating a resistor is pretty efficient. You put wattage into heater and it gets hot, very little waste. You just need a fan, even the fan generates heat, but that is ok. Cooling is horribly inefficient. You almost have to make equal or more amount of heat (which is wasted wattage), then blow cooler air around. Compare a micro fridge same size as an oven
Ok, but then you consider that burning natural gas is currently way cheaper than electricity or heat pumps
I'm guessing you have autism. Not sure what big deal is with your desire for drama and posting what a weirdo you are
If the gauge is hot, you need to always turn heat on high. Does gauge go down? Is the vents blowing hot air? The heater core operates as good as a radiator. If you didn't do this, you can't tell if there was air, coolant not pumped, thermostat sticking, faulty temp gauge.
Clk node is floating need pull down. Outputs cannot be hooked to voltage source, that is like infinite current. You need to tie it to a load or just inverter or just probe the voltage. For reasonable simulation you want capacitance and resistance of next gates or whatever, led, etc.
I know a consultant to call, but his rates recently doubled or tripled.
No, you are putting horrible looking tile all over just because it"originally" sold for a lot, but obviously no one wants it so it sells for next to nothing. I also hate you put only two identical tools next to each other in your living room. Maybe the next owner with carpet over everything.
His toilet is in the living room? I only commented on the kitchen shit tile, the tile as door trim and shit faux carpet tile
Everything except their torque wrenches. Best $5 if you get then on sale. You won't find better for what it does
Interview yourself moron.
The 1/2" it's only rated to 150ftlb, so yeah I would suspect it might not like that regularly with spring fully compressed, but other than that they are better than anything for price and accurate. I will also point out that even at $80 for 4 of them without coupon or sales, you probably saving money.
I'm pretty sure it would be cheaper to have everyone put on a parachute and jump out.
I think the gimmick here is like the 0 calorie food. It is 950mW led with probably a usb 5V wall wart. But since it is 0.9 W let's call it zero and "barely measurable power"
I can't believe how much of his nonsense responses I read. From what I can tell he is making subsets, let's say white balls and black balls. 1 to 69 is assigned to a subset ("weight") If you choose white, then I give you 150 million combinations to choose from. I improved your chances of winning by removing half the combinations. The caveat is you have to choose white and the winning numbers have to also be white. So instead he is assigning each number to its weight of previously being drawn. So if ten numbers appeared 5 times in last drawings and one number appeared 6 times, then if you pick the weight 5 5 5 5 6 or however he does it maybe we call this "26" weight. Instead of 290 million combinations, we now have 1\*10\*9\*8\*7 to list. Of course it is moronic because overall odds are the same
Omg this pisses me off more than most shittykickstarts. This is the same as "I grouped the possible lotto combinations into 10 lists, you pick a list from 1 to 10 and I will give you 29 million possible plays. See, instead of playing 290 million numbers, you have 1/10 as many to choose from" It is moronic, because you start with a 1/10 chance of picking the list which contains the eventual winning numbers.
Search YouTube for Rise Robotics. This product seems to be they had this linear drive thingy with pulleys and were looking for an application.
Yeah, you should have wrist strap or at least touch large chunk of metal before dealing with IC or board connections. The esd event can blow up drivers on the chip and maybe just the pfet is blown up and acts like a resistor so output is no longer cmos. Depends on what chips etc. The same chip shouldn't be working correctly the next day, generally they don't heal themselves.
You might be the worst driver in this thread
I suppose it would have taken you 60 ft to react, but the min radius for that road would be at least 500 ft. If there was a clearing I'm assuming on the inside of curve where the blinding sun was coming from you would have had a clear view even from shaded runup. I'm assuming the sidewalk was on inside radius because you mention other side had concrete divider. Anyways I suppose it could have been a deer or cyclist. Sorry about your luck. It's generally safer to stay in lane if you can't swerve into ditch on right.
Because any man in Olympics is thrown out if they inject steroids. Every trans man in Olympics have to inject steroids to whatever level they want to. They can double or triple normal human male levels, the only thing that can even remotely make ur not cheating is testing at some reasonable interval.
That's a bold face lie. All the world records in sports except maybe some distance swimming, are held by people with penis. A penis 100 percent correlates to athletic skill
Yes, almost all Olympic records are held by people with penis size greater than 1" Every single one, so your penis has to be that big to win gold medal
No caitlyn didn't win an medals.check the record books. She didn't do anything so far but pose for magazines
No, but if you don't have a penis you didn't set a world athletic record. The fact is just being average make high school athlete puts you as competive as the best woman in the world. Look at serena Williams vs. Pro men challenge.
What the living fuck are you on about. Bruce Jenner was a man, competed in Olympics as a man. If he wants to now live as a woman, that's fine. She wasn't "seen as a man" back then. Like wtf.
What are you saying? There is almost no sports where women compete on the same level. Not horse jockey, not archery or shooting. I believe longer distance swimming, maybe because of differences in body fat. But not marathons, not professional gamers, chess? Nope. Tennis, nope. Competitive eating? I'm not even sure about figure skating based on difficulty of jumps and spins. So you tell me which olympic event, sport that are women sports, where they excel. (Graduate college enrollment an event?)
Do you know what the Russian coaches did to women for the Olympics? So yeah, if they well force hormones on women to win medals, why not men?
It's not complicated. You compete by biological sex. Nothing complicated. Any woman or transmen can compete in any make event in Olympics if they could come close to qualifying
almost all blower motors, the fan speed control connects blower to 12V when on high fan speed. You need check to see if you have cabin air filter behind glove box. Also see if you can spin the blower cage by hand. Check for 12V at fan on high speed.
Yes. Unless they invented a new advancement in battery tech. Average Lithium Ion is 100Wh/kg you take the product weight is 0.19kg with all the plastic etc, that is maximum possible for a battery that weight as (19Wh/5V) 3900mAh, now maybe they are including a solar cell, but that is way less output.
It's not, I just read it. Your link is bad
Illegal anti trust behavior where he colluded with top companies in field of Apple, Google etc. to prevent employees to earn higher salaries or find work at competitors. Was found guilty in court to tune of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Anyways, not a NYPA request, just a comment on how people that made the online world like Swartz etc mean nothing in internet consciousness
Google AN10441 Or arduino level shift 24V Not sure if your device can sink enough current, and ideally you are using opto isolators
One reporter at SFbay followed up with police. They confirmed his account. Ian was yelling in the street and police arrested him. (Some time after 1130pm sat) They claim when they put him in the squad car, he started "beating his head" on the bars inside the cruiser. Of course no one will ever know if the injuries where self inflicted. The police they dragged him out of the cruiser and tried to subdue him. Clearly we won't know what that means. But, he was then taken to the hospital. We know after he got out of the hospital, he returned home where police came a second time (240am Sunday) where he was banging on doors and yelling. He was arrested a second time where they claim he violently resisted. He was kept in jail at least overnight. They never 5150 him. He returned home and did the tweeting thing and committed suicide where police returned a third time to find his body Monday.
I'm sure the police will release body cam or cruiser audio where it shows the "self inflicted" injuries. Or how Ian was "violent" with police /s They only facts we know are: - he was put in cruiser - injured bad enough to be taken to hospital - violently arrested three hours later - taken overnight to jail - he tweeted then ~~killed himself~~ died the next day What we will never know: - was he drunk or mental break. - injuries self inflicted or by cop. - did they consider 5150 - exactly how violent were the cops, was it justified
Someone posted over on linux so guess my prodding is done
Google news, sort by date. The only actual source I believe is Jan 1 SFbay article. I believe the rest are quoting that. See also Wikipedia I'm curious about coroner report if SF requires autopsy on suicide and if family has to release it. Clearly no one cares enough to ask for cruiser audio or if there are body cams. I'm sure the family won't release hospital records from that night. It sounds like combination of mental illness and alcohol if police are to be believed.
The official police statement to SFbay reporter was he was violently arrested and subdued twice. Now you might argue he deserved it or it was justified, but both accounts from twitter and police paint the same picture.
Nothing was racist. Using a word in context of being beaten by police is the point, haven't you ever heard the expression "we are all n-words now" because black people have understood the police dynamic for a long time now.
It's not hard to find out, the police statement says they arrested him twice. Once taking him to the hospital for his injuries, the second time he was violently arrested.
10/10 for trolling. There is no Tan Murdock police report.. If you go to SFPD I'm sure you can request booking logs/arrest reports.
Um, that just links to SFbay article I've already summarized in all my posts. No blank reports or other crazy stuff. And that guy rambled on.
The SFPD spokeswoman already confirmed his accts. 1130pm Sat responded to his address, arrested and taken to hospital over suspicious person / burglar call. 240am Sun police returned to same location and violently arrested him "he again fought with officers" and took him to jail . Responded to call over his suicide on Mon
I'm responding to your lie about a blank police report or Tam. It isn't covered in your link and nonsense conspiracy trolling.
Honestly, no one cares enough. One single reporter asked SFPD when it happened at end of December. No one else anywhere had asked since then, cause of death, autopsy, police video. Technically police never officially stated suicide. No one cares enough to file public records request.
Incorrect, you get unlimited 480p video from a handful of approved sources. So if you typically watch netflix or YouTube at reduced quality, only then do you "get more data" for nothing. Everyone else is getting throttled video from most streaming video on the internet and ability to watch unlimited low quality videos
Wow it covers the range from 2.5" cup diameter to 2.6" Honestly you should have done saran wrap replacement with bowl lid
Use opto isolator with enable pin. Use large R and C so enable pin is high after a few seconds. Same can be accomplished with 12V relay and coil if you can live with powering relay.
How stupid to post this. Did you watch pressure gauge? You could have shown same video with a foot and playdough
You are basically a rapist in training. How pathetic and persistent can one person be to get laid. How can you keep failing and flailing at one girl who keeps telling you she isn't interested. Also, you are perfect example of fucktarded millennial. You are"chillin" after quitting your job? Get a fucking job. You think anyone is going to hire you with more than three months unemployed?
Let this sink in. The actual president already did this, and emails were leaked and BlackBerry phones went missing. Google gwb43 rove BlackBerry enterprise server. It's already been done, but they planned iraq invasion over their private server. You still didn't care. Clinton was doing exactly the same thing
First thing I read today and want to punch whoever wrote that way way way too long crap. I thought maslow triangle was seriously debunked
Desolder one side of both buttons. (Sides opposite the incoming power). Pull pins up 1mm. Check button with ohmmeter while disconnected. Plug in with buttons disconnected, replace buttons as necessary
No, it's federal law. NVRA requires jurisdictions to remove voters who haven't voted in a certain amount of federal election (something like 6 or 8 years?) You can also be added to list of must vote provisional/verify address if you get bounced address post card or file change of address with usps Cuyahoga county is not the largest voting county in Ohio. The director of board of elections is appointed by democratic party. The board consists of 2 dem and 2 gop. The meeting minutes are online. The board meetings are open to public. This is a failing by populace to not care until afterwards. Of course a county with larger black and poor population will have more of that population removed from voter rolls. The real concern is that rural conservative boards of elections don't remove any of their inactive voters. If you want to vote, you can send another voter registration in the two months before an election, or check status by phone, by state or county website.
Back up your claims. How is gop doing this in Cuyahoga county? What percent of voters were purged? 2% of registered? How many were dead/moved? How many hadn't voted in a decade?
http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2014/09/a-primer-on-motor-voter-corrupted-voter-rolls-and-the-justice-departments-selective-failure-to-enforce-federal-mandates NVRA does not permit the election official to cancel and rescind the improper registration immediately.[18] Instead, election officials must follow the time-consuming and complicated procedures outlined in Section 8 before the registration may be cancelled—a process that may take as long as two federal general election cycles.[19] The National Voter Registration Act imposes strict limits on how states can remove inactive, ineligible, or deceased voters. Yet Section 8 of the NVRA broadly mandates that states maintain clean voter rolls by requiring a “reasonable” list maintenance program without defining what is reasonable. NVRA list maintenance obligations are not confined to state officials. The NVRA imposes obligations on any local and county election official who serves as the voting registrar to maintain accurate voter rolls and to comply with the NVRA.[20] The NVRA states: “A voting registrar shall correct an official list of eligible voters in elections for Federal office in accordance with change of residence information obtained in conformance with this subsection.”[21] As discussed below, courts have found local election officials liable and have imposed various remedies against them under Section 8 of the NVRA. However, the Voting Section, where the author worked as a trial attorney, has an internal and informal policy of not enforcing Section 8 of the NVRA against local election officials, despite the statutory language to the contrary. This internal policy was implemented for the purported purpose of administrative efficiency, notwithstanding the gross failure by multiple local election officials to comply with Section 8 and the fact that it costs a lot more to litigate against states.[22] Section 8 Cleanup Mechanics Section 8 imposes an obligation on covered states to conduct a reasonable list maintenance program. Election officials must “conduct a general program that makes a reasonable effort to remove the names of ineligible voters from the official lists of eligible voters.”[ Tldr.. You must remove inactive voters of two federal general elections... just go read nvra
1993 nvra.. one part was states with same day registration didn't have to meet voter roll maintenance requirements. One intention is probably to keep more accurate rolls so parties know total number of registered voters who are likely to vote. I'm guessing parties didn't want millions of sleeper voters who could one year show up in droves and vote them out, or vote for a Perot type.
Just read the law... it says it exactly.. and details requirement for maintenance programs and purges. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/1973gg-6 (2) shall not result in the removal of the name of any person from the official list of voters registered to vote in an election for Federal office by reason of the person’s failure to vote, except that nothing in this paragraph may be construed to prohibit a State from using the procedures described in subsections (c) and (d) of this section to remove an individual from the official list of eligible voters if the individual— (A) has not either notified the applicable registrar (in person or in writing) or responded during the period described in subparagraph (B) to the notice sent by the applicable registrar; and then (B) has not voted or appeared to vote in 2 or more consecutive general elections for Federal office.
I believe you stated there is nothing in the law citing two general elections. I quoted you the statute. They are required to purge voters. Most large states all follow the inactive voter purging especially with bounced postcard for address.
Ohio only has party affiliated (dem, rep, green), unaffiliated, and issues only. There is no independent.
Jump the car, drive it home if you live within 15 minutes. Then charge battery or take battery inside and charge it. The best option is to put battery on charger then start car, less risk of damage to alternator
Depending on what state you are in, and age of consent, this post should be deleted as it could be planning a felony.
Real quick question. You need zero crossing to do dimming / pwm under a second, correct ? Does it work with ssr? Or better with triacs? I think I looked at ssr data sheet and there might be more guts than opto plus triac. Also ssr include a 100 ohm resistor which can make led dimly glow missing from these designs I think to prevent certain latching conditions
$1 resistor is 1/4W. The $9 load resistor pack is a giant 20W ceramic.
No. Since you are driving an led, you want to know the current and use a current regulator. There are many led drivers even an lm337 will work better
The locos mask is same as mask 1 (M1) because where there is not active region you grow oxide. The drive in is because you use ion implantation. You have boron implanted, then you heat it up and certain concentration of B atoms work into the Si-Si tetrahedral lattice allowing for p-type. You need energy to rearrange crystal lattice. It it's depth, concentration, and what happens if you grow oxide with moist environment with excess dopants at the surface.
Come on. He used the I'm going to kill myself classic manly confident seduction tool from the sidebar. This is so sad.
By your own quoted numbers, don't you think there is something odd if 3.4M votes, Clinton lead was 440000. Of the next 1.25M ballots, Clinton lead was 7000 Where the hell did the expected 200000 margin go?
No, they likely first implemented in fpga. If you have university access you can design a custom asic, but it is time consuming and expensive. Not worth it except to publish papers or application with large volumes or high chip prices.
This guy is trolling or very very clueless. Look what Tesla did in shorter time with maybe 1% or less what darpa or afrl would put into it. Don't forget 20 years of drone development.
You had blower motor fan running. Maybe lights. To give you an estimate, a new 30Ah battery can run 100 watts for about an hour before it is half drained, two hours and it won't start. The battery is for starting mostly. A radio and fan are over 200 watts, headlights are more. You have to let car run while making out. Also batteries need replaced after 5 years depending and climate and usage. Maybe 8 or 10 years
It doesn't arc to the food nor the metal walls. RF currents in metals don't like sharp edges and they radiate off. A fork is bad in microwave. A metal ball ball does nothing. A spoon is almost microwave "safe" depending on thickness and edges are rounded. Quit saying nonsense
Because Meyer has kept around two literal retards @4Warinner and @coachtimbeck Tim Beck's public profile (representing a public land grant university) says " I can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me Phil 4:13" You have to call more than 5 possible plays. They cannot. Warinner is the highest paid, barely literate idiot at OSU. Just listen to his interviews. http://cbsprt.co/2ioixVd If you care at all about the future of the program, you can tweet Gene Smith @OSU_AD
Check out these for a laugh: https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&amp;q=coachtimbeck https://twitter.com/search?f=tweets&amp;q=4warinner
Yes he is, he is co-coordinator, where Beck handles QB calls, and almost every play is option, so both put in their input and let QB decide after the snap.
Her ear piece came out, you can see it hanging by her armpit. She keeps trying to feel for it by her neck. She can't hear any music to even sing asking with it. She couldn't listen to directors. Also, not only it is badly lip sync, but if they auto tune her, you need to sing at same time as the notes.
Would have to disable all the beacon labels for everything. And probably start everyone on different planets. Would be super easy to find each other with voice chat. Would be nearly impossible if someone wanted to make underground base. If you did spawn on same planet, you just all head north using compass.
So they did a video showing two extra slots, but they didn't mention the crafting slot on bottom can also hold any resource?
Who is "we"? Criminals do not need to be included in any group. It is illegal and against site rules to be conspiring to commit crimes. Anarchists shouldn't be using a corporate PR website like reddit (owned by a PR media/magazine company)
Not that he didn't kill her, but you are a clown to make"fact" statements like that. Tiny smear of blood (size of qtip) was found in rav4. Somehow this matter criminal left zero fingerprints, zero blood anywhere else they touched, zero hair or dna (sweat dna is nonsense). None of his arm hair or head hair even transferred from his jeans when he was sitting in the seat.. but blood where a finger would be hard to place, somehow actively bleeding, but not anywhere else. Key was magically found after like three sets of cops looked for evidence of a murder in a tiny trailer. But none if them noticed a key sitting on the floor. Bones are barely proven to be human. If you want to go this route, the only TH proven bones weren't found where you stated.
What are you even taking about? There are over 100 million pigs slaughtered in US in 2015.. 9 billion livestock, with 8 billion being chickens in US in a year according to USDA. Global numbers are on Wikipedia. You are the one advocating inclusion of someone prompting illegal vandalism. Why do you think vandalism against a private company is somehow anarchism?
How was MLK a criminal or anarchist? It is legal to slaughter live stock. Always has been since humans developed laws. I'm lost on your bizarre thinking. Where does your thinking end? The enslavement of bees? The genocide of ants by paving companies?
What timer? You can do this with microcontroller or pic. Maybe with 555 timer and a counter. You basically have to know what enable pins you can use
You are kind of pathetic. Why would you post something like this online? People ate real, this might have been a real connection.
Either that, or check the wires on hvac. There is one wire that gets 12v (or 24vac, etc) for heater on, and one for a/c. They either have wires rubbed through, sometimes loose screwed in terminals, or most likely the board is bad. That's why old thermostats have a switch so you can't have both on
Firstly, this car is junk and miracle it is still running. Ask me how I know... The tension puller is an a spring to set pulley tension. It might need to be replaced if belt is too loose. You might buy a new belt and put it in. It is super simple to do, you need one socket or breaker bar. If the belt is off, spin the pulleys to see if one of their bearing is bad. It's possible the alternator or water pump pulley is going bad given the quality shit Ford did this year. It's no mistake this was last model year. Also the power steering was bad as well. Buy a can of belt dressing. But probably try a new belt first, or at least check tension.
Its also pwr gnd i2c. If you work out the addresses in software, you can just use same 5 wires.
Yes, it was last model year of maybe the worst us factory quality ever. Everything broke on this overweight, poorly engineered car. If it wasn't for V8 and rear wheel drive it wouldn't be on the road. The 6cyl had multiple class actions and recalls due to gasket seals
Why not just build at the poles. 24 hr power. None of the nonsense you describe
They can barely get uverse to most homes. The uverse uses a fiber drop and copper for last half mile. How much to wire fiber to the house? And you'd have to be close to a pole with the big boxes.
Please use your academic citation to refute what people said. If you have a penis, you are 99.99% chance you are male. There are some rare genetic disorders where you can be born with extra chromosomes or abnormal genetalia. Science has things that are measurable, factual, classifiable. Your chromosomes make you homosapien. You can't say you are a cat because you identify that way.
That's what I thought. Yes, there are some people not born to either sex, and people should be allowed to dress and identify however they like, but you can't just pretend people born make can magically just call themselves female.
The solution to mods and OP is to hide the post and ask them to edit it resubmit, pointing then to sidebar rules, or asking to include information. Most people that are lazy vague and distracting wont bother. Serious questions will
It's obvious they are a listing of City zip City zip City zip Likely it might be train stops. Probably sweden or Europe zipcodes.
Check your owners manual. There is one available online for EVERY CAR. You likely blew a fuse or fusible link. Hopefully the ones related to pcm, fuel injection, coil on plug, anti theft. Was the key in ignition when you changed battery? Does your key have immobilizer chip? You could have burnt up a PCM.
I'm confused why you would shift into drive then stop. I could see why you might mistakenly think neutral is ok for slow stopping, and sitting at red light in neutral might be good, then you shift into park. It is horribly wrong. You are using more brakes by stopping in neutral. Automatics use engine breaking by cutting fuel when you take for off gas. You have torque converter to handle engine vs wheel distances. By shifting in and out of neutral isn't the best.
Well one argument why you should downshift while slowing to a light is to still be able to drive away from hazards. If you are coasting in neutral you can power away. I suppose if you are sitting at a light stopped and saw semi about to crash into you... dunno
Also, one time my car wouldn't start because a shop left hood open when doing rear main seals. Long story short, if the air filter is wet, or air intake has water in it, it won't be happy. Also, old spark plug wires can short through insulation when moist.. but it might be coil packs.
Wish op was as well. All that matters is if you identify as online female
If it doesn't need clamping, you could use a pin with a hole in it, then a washer and then pin it with a trailer type pin or diaper pin. (Ie think nascar hood pins) You might be able to use rivnuts. Not sure what kind of clamping or vibration is involved. An extra washer can protect surface when unscrewing for removal.
A better way is to get harddrive magnet and slap it on oil pan (if not aluminum where you have to glue it)
He's already a cuck. He better cut and run, he's already being manipulated, like non-photo was included which sounds exactly like what would manipulated him to say yes. Oh, you are having emotional affair.. but it is text only, so that sounds better.
It's a 2 liter explosion. Put any gas that expands in there and that happens. Ping pong is just to be annoying
That's because he literally has an enemies list. Everything is about graft and payback and loyalty. Nothing about competence or doing good or improving anyones situation.
It's total made up nonsense. They are billing drivers for roads, but who is paying for sidewalks. I guarantee more people travel on any given road compared to the sidewalk on the side if the road. So the cost to public per person is larger. You get what, three road resurfacing in 30 yrs vs one sidewalk? Anyways, there would be no sidewalks without road construction. Rural places don't build sidewalks, partly because no one travels that far, and because they provide no benefit. You could make up same numbers for elevator vs stairs. Cost of elevator and maintenance electricity etc. Fuck those greedy takers of society that use elevators.
So that cop and osu guy really want drug dealers to have concealed carry? The whole argument is stupid, because he had guns at his house. A conceal permit is meaningless here, and proof that even gun owners can be shot (especially dealing drugs)
I explained why you are wrong and a bullet is not a crash.
Once upon a time, students were challenged and had many hours of homework a night. If you aren't challenging yourself and learning in your spare time or creating something, practicing some skill, you are just moving closer to death as a consumer. Candy crush or watching other people play games on twitch, isn't actually living. All of these constructs are designed to be able to advertise to you. Or spy on your behavior and better advertise to you. Might as well drop out and learn a trade if you aren't going to learn in school because it is so easy. (It is so easy because your teachers are now evaluated on the dumbest kids passing tests). Most universities are similar where you have to go out and learn for yourself. Sure you can breeze through an exam and party all week, but you aren't actually learning. If the class is that easy, you could have sat down and taught yourself everything in a week, but this never dawned on you, you were trained to be lazy, content, and a consumer (who should acquire debt)
How does hours of studying not teach anyone anything. You can't be that lazy and stupid. I'm not saying don't relax. But you go to school for maybe 6 or 7 hours. Sorry, but that isn't your time to relax. At one level it is to condition you to a 8 hr work day, and teach you to be a corporate drone. The other aspect is institutionalized daycare. Give teens a place to go to stay out of trouble, and keep them out of the workforce, to make unemployment lower. You are one of these lazy spoiled entitled kids that will flunk out after a year or two of college and not do any work, because your parents paid for it and you have yet to appreciate anything or work for anything in your life. Hopefully you take on tons of student debt, and let tax payers subsidize your adult daycare college which keeps you out of the workforce for another 4 years.
It's actually DEA has poisoned heroin, and it is killing people. That is the major reason for the drug overdoses. You may not believe me, but this article is from 1995: https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00042596.htm &gt;The Drug Enforcement Administration monitors the purity of and adulterants in heroin through "street" purchases of heroin (i.e., the "Domestic Monitor Program" {DMP}) and testing of heroin obtained during criminal justice operations. From June 1979 through February 1996, DMP did not detect scopolamine in specimens sold as heroin. During 1995, DMP made a total of 806 purchases, including 195 from Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania; none contained scopolamine. During 1996, of the 147 DMP purchases, including 46 from Maryland, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania, only two (made in March 1996 in Elizabeth and Passaic, New Jersey) contained scopolamine. In addition, four of 23,288 non-DMP specimens believed to be heroin and obtained through criminal justice operations contained scopolamine. The earliest was obtained in October 1995 in Bohemia, New York; two in March 1996 in Philadelphia; and one in March 1996 in NYC. 2011 &gt;The Heroin Domestic Monitor Program (HDMP) provides data analysis on the price, purity, and geographic source of heroin sold at the retail (street) level in 27 US cities. In 2011, a total of 642 qualified samples were purchased. Of those samples, 323 were classified as South American (SA) heroin, 296 were classified as Mexican (MEX) heroin, and 23 were classified as Southwest Asian (SWA) heroin. That's right, the DEA made over 20,000 drug purchases. The difference is that heroin is now containing fentanyl and causes overdoses. Also, according to Canada, "According to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police National Intelligence Coordination Center, between 2009 and 2012 at least 90 per cent of the heroin seized in Canada originated in Afghanistan." But the DEA claims NONE of the heroin in US is from Afghanistan. Explain that? Just like in the 80s (then it was S. American cocaine and crack). The DEA are smuggling in tons of heroin and it is killing people in the midwest. Check this and tell me where you find Afghanistan. https://ndews.umd.edu/sites/ndews.umd.edu/files/pubs/2013%20Heroin%20Domestic%20Monitor%20Program.pdf
OSU organizations want drug dealers to have concealed carry, is what the interview I read where about. Somehow that would mean less shootings.
Be glad some one bought you a nice car with warranty. Keep it in good shape to maximize resale value. Save money up that you would have wasted on things like catback, and useless intake. Hate to tell you, but those engineers optimized the exhaust and intake based on the flow going through. You need to increase intake air, and cool it if using a turbo, then upgrade injector to handle additional fuel required to go with extra air, then need a new ecu to control ratios. Adding a scoop to a vacuum cleaner doesn't make it work better. Putting a funnel in your ass just makes it sound different when you fart If the car is flexfuel, best bet is to run e85. For feel, a better suspension and stiffening bar. But really, save your money and get another car in a few years.
Do a co-op now. Extend it as long as possible. Hell, best bet might be to start phD, go off to work somewhere after a semester and finish research there, or do remote classes, etc. But get the employment, and decide if you want to finish phD. Your phD makes it harder to get a job if you aren't teaching unless you pick the exact right industry focused area, and some company needs you vs some Chinese guy hanging around in CA grad school waiting for that job.
I think lakewood or Cleveland is only place you can park on street overnight. Every suburb is same as east side parking on street after 3am
That's because Columbus doesn't have as many suburbs. Any where in Columbus allows street parking because of the inner city wasn't developed with garages. Cleveland suburbs were originally farm land and later developed into lots with garages. Same is true of most of Cleveland heights The snow thing is additional restrictions, but most suburbs no not allow street parking street 3am, so they have less plowing issues, since roads are cleared nightly. Westerville will ticket for overnight parking.
You need one decade counter, one bcd driver for each digit to display. This is good overview. http://www.electronics-tutorials.ws/counter/count_2.html You still need to decide count seconds? Reset at 12:59? Or 24hr? You would need more logic if you don't get an alarm clock chip. Like what if you had counters and counted 3600 seconds times 12 and then reset.You would need a divide by 60 and two decade counters could display min digits, with special reset logic when tens_minute is 6.
Looks like mfg defect, inclusion of some slag
You can buy a truss from drug store.
Um.. You are referencing an obscure mod for a shitty ftb mod for a game most people stopped playing years ago. With a bizarre G icon that no one would ever recognize.
This seems like it would be great for xbox. On a pc one player can use keyboard and the other a controller. The ue4 supports this with very little work, I'm wondering if devs have tried enabling splitscreen?
Why rewire the house? One solution is to run a relay coil in series with doorbell switch. When door bell is pressed, relay closes. Do whatever you want with relay contacts (closed switch, or powers some other circuit). The relay can be by the transformer or doorbell. Some chimes might not work with relay coil in series (coil is 40~200ohms?), so chime might need powered by a relay also.
Wow that's probably better than I was thinking or just using some 24v relay. Don't they have opto isolators that have anti-parallel leds?
Just read owners manual. You probably need to use fob to hold starter in longer since it is cold out. Or you can charge car battery overnight.
But.. big city, hard to find car.... lol.
/u/CESthrowawayeleventy Have a look at the imgur album of shitty internet of things. It's hilarious, water bottle with dock for phone and speakers.
Your "album" is shit. You don't show beans going in and coffee coming out. How do you know there isn't a keurig pod inside there? Or a hose underneath to a coffee pump. There is more detail in their youtube video. https://youtu.be/ndB_PnUv7hY
Good luck popping the top and adding water to yours..
What kind of question is this? Do you know the basics of what PCB is? They take copper, silkscreen mask and etch away based on the drawing you send them. So can the software make rectangles with holes in it? Yes. Can any mfg make this? Yes.
This is all about getting millions for "studies". Everyone will milk this, there cannot be any financial justification. Cleveland to Columbus might make sense, it's mostly flat, you could follow 71 and drop people at airport/rapids. But again, who is traveling, and the last thing anyone wants in either city is making it easier to compete with either airport or hospitals. Columbus won't win. There's isn't major rail to trucking depot. There is nothing downtown for transit. Cota is pretty sad. Hell greyhound is pretty sad. There isn't even parking or park and rides to accommodate something like this. Better choices might be the east bank of the Hudson river. It's already level. Technically Vegas might be an ideal place.
You sound like a NMS zealot. Honestly the devs are pretty slow fixing some low hanging bugs, like falling through ground, etc. Maybe it is holidays. Maybe it is still just two people coding instead of hiring people. Maybe they are just content with six of them pocketed a few million.
That's what tethers are for...
Hey how, according to assange, questioning shitty mods or clearly taken over Twitter make you a part of a black PR campaign, and clearly you are a state actor.. blah blah.. other paranoid ramblings. Wikileaks acted very strange. They don't release much and it seems they are the ones relating approved declassified stuff.
This is silly. The energy costs would make this stupid. You are basically running an amusement park ride. They would need mechanical breaking for backup, and I'm not sure if linear motors can provide regen braking needed. They would be like two person lifts.sideways elevators already exist I thought.
Even IF women somehow had odor free poop. How would a cis make differ from a transwoman digestive tract? Do hormones or makeup now make your shit not stink?
What kind of engineering project is this? This is a business school project at best. I hope this is done type of high school or community college, because best I can tell you copied some product postcard from a magazine. You demonstrate you don't have basics of what it takes to make a PCB. Have you even studied the many services that do board assembly? Have you looked at those machines which are often the size of a bus and advanced robot with computer vision. You do realize you would still have to load your own parts on a spool, so what would be the point? You should order a solder stencil and do it by hand if you have less than.. what 100 boards? If you are making thousands, you wouldn't buy a cheap home machine. Why don't you start with a pcb design and work backwards. See how much it costs to order a pcb. And where the costs are. See how much existing products spend on assembly. If you want to target home and small business, maybe come up with a laser cutter for stencils that works with your pcb file and reflow oven. But all these services exist.
So you want to put a motor that can lift 1000kg on the very car that moves up? Might as well use rocket engines...
For yds running. He is terrible passer.
Oasis...
Like most osc, they won't magically work in simulator, because they are symmetric. You need initial conditions, and use LTspice. Not a breadboard sinulator. You might be able to use a push button in series with cap to kick start it
I thought there was something about beguile -&gt; proselytize and you can use g next to them (??)
How is this a problem. You sign the birth certificate, most states that means paternity in the financial obligation view point. They were married three years and he was raising the kid. He didn't contest paternity in the first two years, so why is it a problem there is statue of limitations? He has joint custody for the kid he is raising for last three years, so he is paying support. There are cases that are bad.
The simplest way is to use led calculators online that tell you series and parallel combinations based on voltage supply you are using. The better way is a constant current supply or led driver chip. You need to look at datasheet and decide max current based on spec and life span and heating. If they are little 20mA exposed to the air you don't need to worry.
You are silly. Seriously... You ever hear of adoption? How is this different? Man legally adopts child, decides to stop payment after three years. This guy had two years to contest paternity. Also many men marry a woman with someone else's children and become legal parent and financially responsible for them.
He legally chose to sign a birth certificate. He then choose to financial support and raise a child for three years. We don't have common law marriage anymore, but there is a responsibility for child support here. I would argue he just us mad about being divorced and looking to punish the child and exwife
Signed birth certificate, was father for three year, got divorced, sought paternity test
could you put flour on a rub? And make breading? Are you stupid ... you need a binder (egg) then starch(flour) maybe with a starch to begin.
Some toyota engines really do badly any where near top of fill line. It can mess up throttle body and maf sensor. People are crazy over filling. I put about 2/3 in then run it to fill oil filter and let it sit to redrain.
Get qtip, wipe off all the grease. Look inside wire, is there a c ring of metal? If so you aren't pushing hard enough to clip it in. Compare to old wire
Can someone take pictures of fat people and call it fatspreading. Large women always sit with legs spread apart.
kudos to who? WTF are you rambling about? First, Assange doesn't do shit for the website or technical running of things. He doesn't do anything but talk into cameras. Second, wikileaks doesn't have shit to do with this MLK stuff, except someone trying to take credit for either public govt records, or other peoples releases. Go research what WL has actually released. It's like 5 things Who knows how much they don't release.
You can put everything on a single side if you move stuff around and flip capacitors around. Vias are through holes like the capacitor holes. You can put a pad of metal adjacent to smt pad to go from top to bottom.
You can just buy a smd board that has through holes. I believe adafruit has them and a million other places. Or... the better thing might be too get larger smd capacitors and stuff and only have the through holes for the header pins.
What fab are they using? Maybe they only doing testing at the packaged part level because their yields are high, or they charge so much. They could be fabless and tsmc only send washers to their packaging arm... TI sells bare tested die. At any rate, you would never be getting a wafer, but diced die in a box. The wafer has proprietary test structures between the die. They may also mix four chips or something in one die, depending totally on volumes.
So just epoxy blob the whole plastic package, and you meet whatever nonsense. I don't know I believe you about the packaged part. Do they offer a ceramic package? It would literally be cheaper to delid a few packages and use packaged lead frame than dice a wafer. Is there a chemical you can just melt the plastic and then wire bond off the lead frame then glob it?
That's why you used a credit card right? Not a debit card.. it's called credit, because you can dispute fraudulent charges. Why you fell for owners statement. I would have called police and told owner he is part of fraud and get police statement.
They can and do. They keep a second fake log book. Let's say you drove 8hrs, dropped off a load and picked up a new one. Well maybe that first trip didn't make it on to the log, so instead of 3hrs left to drive that day, you have longer. Anyways, fhtsa is making it all electronic anyways
Speed limiters? Some trucks have them. But some roads here are 70, some 55, and we have long hills you can speed on.
Get tiny stick of Crystal deodorant..You get about 100x more alum and it is a few dollars
It should be set per shell, so I don't see issue with crashing unless you change system prefs. I'm sure you can Google osx repeat delay and find many answers xset might work or defaults write -g ApplePressAndHoldEnabled -bool false defaults write -g InitialKeyRepeat -int 10 # normal minimum is 15 (225 ms) defaults write -g KeyRepeat -int 1 # normal minimum is 2 (30 ms)
Because often times if it is fabless company, tsmc will send wafers to their sister test and pkg group and customer never sees die
The whole UK is smaller than CA, or half of texas. We have massive long highways where speed limits change by state and go from 80 mph to 55mph. It's been proven that slowing down truck traffic to 55mph isn't safer unless ALL traffic is limited to the same speed. It cause more congestion and traffic and accidents. But you live in nanny state with cameras every mile, so good luck with that.
For each item, you could have vertical graph showing backwards in time
I'm totally lost on most of what you are saying, but there is an interesting application this all reminds me of with AA BB CC.. in splitting up transistors in a row or even 2D, you might have one that is 20 times bigger than another, but you want them to match, so you nest these parts together. Like you have three transistor you want to match across all sorts of variation, and let's say A and B are the same size, and C its twice as big. One way to realize this is.. ACBCCBCA Basically the average of all the A and B and C are in the middle. It is more interesting in 2D. https://image.slidesharecdn.com/layout021-160229081601/95/layout02-1-15-638.jpg Anyways it is called common centroid, and I'm thinking I should make a little function that permutes all of these and scores them on symmetry.
Is there a gas fireplace? Could it also be used to open a damper inside a furnace, etc?
You'd have to look at wiring diagram, but almost always the battery light comes from the alternator and it means the battery voltage is lower than the alternator, ie, not charging. First clean and tighten battery terminals. You should use sand paper to see bare metal. Add a shim if you can't get it tight. The next most likely suspect is you changed the belt. It's the new belt slipping? Is it too loose? Oily? Does the light go off when you rev engine to higher rpm? Finally, id say you have about a 50% chance of getting a working alternator from those places. I almost always test a "new" one before I walk out the door because of how bad they are. Get a $5 12V battery/alternator tester that plugs into cigarette socket and displays 11 to 15V so you can figure out what the light means. If you drive around with the light on more than say 30mins, you will have another dead battery. Finally it could be something like a load detection circuit, or even the plug on alternator is loose or broken wire when they removed it.
You didn't read anything. The officer signed under penalty of perjury that the lawyer was speeding in that vehicle at that time. The lawyer was not in his car, could prove he was at work. The city maintains it is a civil offense of a criminal violation. So they can charge owner of vehicle with offense. But the criminal charges would be against and individual. Usually the officer must have first hand knowledge of the suspect and crime. The cameras only caught the vehicle, not driver. Anyways, if the lawyer can prove he wasn't present for the crime, then the cop perjured himself. It's not about the city's case. I'm talking about the proveable perjury.
Manning wasn't freed. He is probably one of the highest profile military prisoners and serving one of the hardest sentences (forced solitary). Obama just said he was going to commute his remaining sentence, which isn't clear it will happen.
Disagree. If one lug shears, it was either from trading off wheel, over tightening, etc. If one shears, the rest are probably suspect.
And you can't afford shrink tubing?
Lack of heat is not explained by a few oz of gunk in coolant.
What was wrong with you kids? Like were you all disturbed or behavioral problems? Why would anyone bury pottery to keep it safe? Was this stolen? Time vault?
Cut it all out. Wtf is that RV flex drain hose....
A12V charger may not even be a voltage supply. For instance a car battery charger puts out constant current for loads between 7-11V, then puts out like hundreds of mA and constant voltage above 12V. Your electromagnet can be considered a constant resistance load. It is rated for some current at 12VDC. It will work at 9V without as much power.
Is all ncurses based interfaces not considered CLI?
They are sharp, but you can sharpen any scissors. They look like thin stamped, maybe stainless, so they won't stay sharp. They have very little mating surface near the rivet joint. It is likely cutting something like wire will spread the jaws apart. I'm guessing fiskars will be superior for many things. For binge cutting they are missing the round hole near the pivot.
You can make a shortcut and right click properties and tell it lots of things, like directory to start in.
Two "l"s and two "e"s in channel
Why isn't the answer plastic? It already is those things
You haven't listed why you think it is this. First of all your heat didn't stop then, your blower motor did, or a vent baffle motor quit. Just so you know even with blower motor transistors, high fan speed is always straight 14V across the blower motor. Did this stop? You can put multimeter into diode mode, sometimes to check this, but really, you should ohm out blower motor, jumper a 12V wire and gnd to see if it spins. It is always cheaper to pull a used one of these from a junk yard/pull a part place. It is more likely the switch, BCM, relay or fuse if high speed didn't work
it's not the part, it is the heatsinking is in the airflow to cool it. (meaning they all eventually burn up) in the past they used essentially pcb traces of a few mm as a resistor to control fan speed. those would burn out and need replaced for a lot of money. they switched to a PWM from BCM for fan speed control. many in junkyards are perfectly good and cheap. the issue is you need a large heatsink in the air flow and good heat sink compound. you are basically switching 5A or 10A. it's common to most cars and if it works in high speed, this is almost always the problem.
There are many monitoring tools, htop, glances, You can save some headache with uptime|grep by just doing cat /proc/loadavg
This is insane. Do you have a pickup with 5 gal containers? You can't have a fuel truck (even a small water truck), or this wouldn't be legal. In fact, regardless of fire marshall, you are probably in violation of some form of vapor recovery equipment requirement. How do you not get sued over wrong octane, though texas, so nothing uses diesel or e85 probably. How do you not cause damage by overfilling the charcoal canisters without a fuel cutoff? (Though Texas, so no one would notice) How can you possibly be in compliance with 30 Texas Administrative Code (TAC) Chapter 115? ~~Gravity flow gasoline transfer tanks are not allowed under DOT regulations. Do you have DOT markings on your vehicles?~~ Is there a reason college students are too lazy to go to gas stations? Is this a niche market? How do you find lazy fuckers? Don't people smoke in Texas anymore? You must stop deliveries before rush hour on a campus like 5pm when everyone is trying to leave, and your truck is there blocking three cars in to run a hose 15 ft. Has anyone called cops because you are blocking in their car in the parking lot? [EDIT] I see some of your tanker trucks. That's more ambitious. Can't imagine you make a profit unless you can turn over that 2000 gallons plus per day. I found out you don't display placards as required... http://www.quicktransportsolutions.com/inspectionreports/booster-fuels-inc-usdot-2726454.php
One, the negative lead is usually grounded, so touching it won't sick you even with AC start. The shock is because arc needs stratch or high AC to arc across 1/2". You can find out what voltage vs what distance in air based on humidity, etc. Most welders then dial back voltage to be constant current for the welding. The plasma may have slight electromagnetic field as it melts both metals. In AC, you set the duty cycle because the polarity is reverse for 60 percent of the cycle, that is where cleaning action comes from. Since metals are a sea of electrons, one polarity is moving electrons from one metal to the other, but if you are dipping like in TIG they are molten mixing together anyways. There is also the plasma flow which can deposit or sputter a source material as well. Note for DC some may physical switch electrodes inside, or you could think of one as 0V and the other as 30VDC or -30VDC
Careful, this doesn't have to be true. In household AC, the neutral is essentially ground, and the other hot wire goes + and - 177Vp-p. It doesn't have to be this way, like for center tapped transformers. You could have AC where the wires swap voltages, and both are 80V away from a ground. With DC you most certainly are chasing which way conventional current flows, the same as switching a AA battery backwards
Cool, you were born in to rich entitled family. Please post more pics on reddit, because reasons.. Gtfo internets.
How can you say above average beyond hobbyist? You always have to place through hole then bend leads to hold in place, close to board, then solder. Some diodes are an inch in the air.
I'm saying you should change brake fluid in next year or two if you want to keep it a long time. while you are doing it, might want to change all the coolant.
Am I wrong, but this is something for a flat file. Panda or R libraries let you store and import these datasets.
Haha the is a joke. Putting 1kohm in series with speaker.. Using wirewound 1/4W resistor and assuming inductance of resistor is meaningless at 20kHz. Ignoring capacitance and inductance of setup. Only testing at mW outputs. You do realize 10kHz through a speaker that didn't make driver move at all its different from 10W at same frequency where loudspeaker is moving air and coils...
You can vote in two states if you are famous republican. See: Ann Coulter, Lincoln Wilson, etc.
One Chelsea Clinton isn't president. She isn't a public employee and not beholden to emoluments clause
Will they show the blank paper along with the taxes he is going to release eventually.
Listen to yourself.. wtf does your comments have to do with science? The leadership should be the most credentialed, influential, important people in science. Why would you even consider their race or sexual orientation. Please gtfo, last I checked journal papers in reputable places don't include bios listing affinity groups.
The constitution, which you must hate, says specially that trump cannot accept emoluments from princes, kings and foreign govts. Explain to me how receiving hundred million dollar checks from Saudi prince doesn't fit that exact wording...
How can he say this? A month ago his lawyers put in motions to end or prevent recounts because according to trump, there was no irregularities or illegal votes.
It's that 1V across a speaker? Or 1V across series 1000ohms? Kinda a difference
First, you don't have a solid state relay, but best I can tell it is Russian reed contract relay. At any rate the analog pins definitely go to a coil. You might not need diodes, but probably should have them. Your 12V bus to the relays and to the output pins should be bigger. These parts can handle 1A. You also should run one wire for the bottom three like you did for top two. Currently, the fifth relay is getting power by going into chip number 4, through one lead frame pin, back out another and then to chip number 5. This is a bad idea. Unless there is a reason, you might consider regular automotive relays which might be cheaper and more reliable, but possibly higher current for the coils, and they click. Maybe opto isolator or actual SSR, depending on currents. It might even be cheaper to use motor driver FETs to switch the 12V. I think you have plenty of room to stack all 5 relays next to each other and make a 5 wire bus for inputs and wider one for outputs to the header. Output header should be closer to relays. Make sure there is very large ground for the outputs! Each relay can handle 1A, so the ground needs to handle 5A if they are all on. Sometimes the header will have pwr/gnd for each output.
&gt; We have had a lot of presidents that owned businesses, LOL, exactly. We've had 40 something presidents and recently, they have ALL released taxes so public can know of conflicts. They have ALL put investments into a blind trust. Perfect example of what Trump hasn't done. Trump hasn't done anything with any company regarding kids. You can make up bullshit shown on blank paper, but show me the legal filings, or articles of incorporation naming someone else as board, or executive. Constitution bans getting rich personally from foreign entities. That is exactly what Trump is doing.
What about halapano?
In many places in the US they have water towers. Why might you ask are they 50 ft or more in the air? The gravity of all those gallons of water is what provides the water pressure. When you use water, they pump more up to the top.
Most cities used lead pipes. like all the midwest ones. Over time if you control the pH, then a thick layer of lead oxide will build up. Lead oxide is stable like rust, and won't pollute your water with lead, like happened to the romans. In Flint, some Emergency Mgmt group came in and tried to save a few dollars, added a catastrophic amount ofchlorine or something, and it ate away decades of built up lead oxide. So now, people in Flint get lead dissolved into drinking water, until years of lead oxide can build up again. Its very very common: http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2016/10/cleveland_water_releases_infor.html Pittsburgh did the same thing under same circumstances: https://www.wired.com/2016/10/pittsburghs-drinking-water-got-contaminated-lead/ &gt;As the lab staff shrank, PWSA made major changes to its water treatment system. For decades, the city had been adding soda ash—a chemical similar to baking soda—to its water to prevent the pipes, many of which are lead, from corroding and leaching into the water. (Lack of corrosion controls caused lead to leach into the water in Flint.) In 2014, PWSA hastily replaced soda ash with another cheaper corrosion control treatment, caustic soda. http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/watchdog/ct-lead-water-pipes-funding-20160921-story.html &gt;Chicago has more lead service lines than any other city and required them by law until 1986,
People often case houses to check for alarms, what kind of stuff is seen in windows, or maybe he was checking if anyone was home. They often come back later after watching people leave (in the next two weeks). It would be funny if he tried to defeat the lock, like taping over the latch. That's why you always use dead bolts, lock them when you are home.
He wasn't stabbing, watch it again, he was rubbing his cock with a plastic sword for 15 seconds. Seriously, watch it again.
First, welfare check, then might be underage (cerfew?), then arrested for obstructing governmental operations. Though, the cops are specifically citing him disappearing, which in Arkansas means he has to identify. § 5-71-213 - Loitering. (a) A person commits the offense of loitering if he or she: ..... (b) Among the circumstances that may be considered in determining whether a person is loitering are that the person: (1) Takes flight upon the appearance of a law enforcement officer; (2) Refuses to identify himself or herself; or
This is false. They are same form of addiction in your brain. One is treated different because AA brainwashed everyone that only their way through jesus is correct. You certainly can learn harm reduction. Very few people look into underlying reasons why they drink. It's much easier to figure out why you have a sex addiction (past trauma, partners).
You aren't listing what your requirement is for... You realize a pwm across the proper capacitance (maybe inductance) is an analog voltage. The approach might be an accurate enough series resistor to measure current, then a ADC to microcontroller to drive a dac to analog control some type of regulator. Voltage and brightness will be non linear. You also don't list the temperatures, currents required, and heating of both led and current supply will drift with current if you are aiming for 12bit. Also if your frame rate is 50kHz, I'm sure a pwm solution will work at something like 200kHz. But you might have issues with leds not responding fast enough. Also, you might need laser diodes instead for high speed stuff.
I'm not going to download your pdf or investigate some LED when you can even list your power or current requirement. If it is 20mA, how will this ever have enough lumens for 5000fps? A better solution might be a full brightness led, and a lcd or mechanical shutter to dim light.
I didn't downvote you, you realize it can display random numbers to throw off votebots. Who even cries over downvotes? You realize they don't matter for anything. One possible solution is a LT3085 with a digital resistor that goes 100ohms to 50kohms. http://www.analog.com/media/en/news-marketing-collateral/product-selection-guide/Choosing_the_Correct_Digipot.pdf That will get you 8b or 10b control, with i2c or SPI or something to control the resistor. Most of them can handle the 10uA.
People in this thread are too stupid. In one pic it looks like /, but another pic taken 90 degrees apart looks like |... Well duh, it's basic geometry. Anyways, you can see pic of cell phone parts in bottom of barrel and see bullet holes from inside of barrel. You can compare to external photos of barrels. People are so retarded. So what if a pic off a barrel isn't the same barrel? Does this mean there wasn't a burnt phone found? Does any of it prove anything want planted? Yes, OP is a genius! They planted fake barrels just to plant evidence, because they didn't have opportunity to drop burnt phone parts or bones in a barrel..... okkkk.
No, after she was so dead and not moving, brenden fucked her, she didn't move. Avery cut her, she didn't move or bleed. He laughed she was dead. Then, they tied her up and duck taped her mouth.... ok... then shot her dead body four times from point blank in enclosed garage... somehow didn't mind the splatter, holes in concrete, deafening. Ok... Also if this was true in any way, why hasn't law enforcement found a shovel head and jewlery at the cabin. Even buried two feet, a shovel would light up a metal detector.
Who are these asshole ks production companies. Did you hear that "inventor" speech with weird audio? Even worked in all the buzzwords, slogan. A better product would be a luggage tag that says, "Return me to XXXX". Maybe an annoying beeping after an hour.
Nah brah, I'm sure if she hooked up with you after incoherent conversation at club and you were too drunk to know what penis in vagina is, I'm sure she never ever does that. Ever. I'm sure you were so charming and special she took a once in a lifetime leap, to be woo'd by a guy that literally can't tell an anus from a hole in the wall. Get yourself checked out.
Bwhahaha. A bet you are guaranteed to lose. It's been artificially voted up by marketing social media paid shills and bots. After people actually watch it, it will be below 90%
What you are missing is you should speak in WattHr. The battery is 2Ah, but at 3.6V. Current supercaps also have very low voltage because break down voltage from thin membranes to get the large capacitance. But if you had a 50V or 100V rated cap, or a series string of 20 supercaps, you could charge them at 10A over 36s but with a 70V power supply. You would have the same "battery life" with a buck switch mode power supply putting out the 3.6V or 5V for the phone. Your limitation then is I = C dv/dt or Capacitance needed is 10A/4V*36s which is very very large farads times 20 of them which is much more expensive.
What if someone wins because of Lutz 0.4 pts rushing
Hand crossbow is good for skill 10, buckler of protect can be good for now. You can always go to 2 hand literally whenever, especially if you find armor you can cast with Yeah orc will improve things for you
I don't think there is a right answer, but don't train if you are struggling. If you are tabbing away and comfortable with armor, evade, then train to 6, it cost almost nothing and helps. It's similar to throwing, depends how much you use wands and if you have like 20 charges of cloud or acid. Late game you need 10 or 12 levels to get like 33% chance on resistance check wands
Hey dum dum, poor people can't afford days at a zoo, or ski evenings.
Because Reds suck and some people are NBA fans.
You probably had noisy spell and woke all the things. It's not too bad if you can one v one, but it's dangerous when there are ten spiders on screen. Could you stair dance?
Lol slay +9 and 66AC. You might want to search for weapon &amp;&amp; artefact or weapon &amp;&amp; enchant It might be worth using brand on something to see if you get like chaos or good brand on another high enchanted weapon. Some oka artefacts might give you more str or resistance. Also training 5 more evasion would have been like half a level of armor. Ctrl-f dispersal Ctrl-f penet, it can be helpful to be able to hit blocked summoners or lich. How do you handle smiting back row guys?
Well which version? And someone mentioned this recently related to numlock.
Did you leave a Lair vault? Someday I'll understand why the hell random effects wand is in the game, it might help for what the first three levels.. I can't believe how many people waste inventory space with flames and random effects. Can you gift followers rage amulet (can followers do evoc), or wands? Would the follower die quickly if you gave them a cursed *Tele item, or just run around waking whole floor?
That's too bad, you should have known what your ghost was capable of, the rF ring might have saved you over the redundant rCorr. You could have used invis or outrun draconians back to stairs. You should edit rc to put stop msg at 50 or 75% health. Not sure about that guide, but I might focus on more fighting skill instead of getting stealth from 24 to 27. Wouldn't even like first 5 levels of armor help? They cost almost nothing. And you had tons of haste and blink.
Seems premature. Why not wait 8 month to see if he stays sober now that he has like $500k in his bank acct
If check with any doctors that signed off on medical certificate.
I don't know why OP is posting this. They could dip entire board in black epoxy. There is no requirement to tell you IC numbers. If they have FCC id, they followed those procedures.
Thanks for posting car make and model. But you hooked up battery backwards, completely drained the battery and maybe even applied reverse voltage across all your electronics. Some electronics have diodes to mitigate reverse polarity destruction. You should use your sniffer to narrow down where burning smell is coming from. You could have blown diodes, radio, electronics. Possible the voltage regulator in alternator. Or somehow by a miracle nothing is damage and the smell is there as a dummy tax for not looking at the (+) and (-) printed on every battery in last 100 years, including AAs and 9Vs. Best thing is to get a $10 volt meter and check battery voltage when car is running to make sure alternator is ok, which it is or you would be jumping battery after it ran
This is a myth and a lie. NH hand counts in many towns. You are paying poll workers, you could reduce voting hours by two and have human poll workers hand count a single race on election night, no problem. But yes, optical scan are requirement in voting systems, mostly because every state has now moved towards mail in absentee voting.
The car jumping, should have been running at the time. But not likely the donor car was damage. There only possible thing would be such a large current that it hurt the alternator. Are you sure the smell isn't the melting wires from the jumper cables, because you essentially shorted the donor battery.
The car jumping, should have been running at the time. But not likely the donor car was damage. There only possible thing would be such a large current that it hurt the alternator. Are you sure the smell isn't the melting wires from the jumper cables, because you essentially shorted the donor battery.
Your picture shows lm317 which makes it easier. You can use a lm7805, but one, your diagram is a mess with everything upside down. The datasheet for 7805 show you what you want. V32/R sets the current. The pin2 node is connected to load (led) and that is Io. You need a common ground to led, and input voltage has to be 2V higher than Vo of led and any resistor voltage drop. Though if you have 7805, the easiest way is vbat and gnd to 7805, output in series with current limit resistor and led to gnd. Resistor is set by (5V - Vf_led)/I_led which should be 90% of diode current. BTW, what are the laser diode specs? Is it 317 or 7805. https://arstechnica.com/civis/viewtopic.php?f=53&amp;t=1370643
Yes, but it is a start to have election night have counted ballots. It allows for eventual random selection of race to count, which means any electronic theft of election would be very very risky and provides instant audit of voting machines. The number of race doesn't matter if you only sort ballots by one race. Multiple candidate races are exclusively judge or local, which aren't topically a concern of wholesale electronic voting hacking.
The final word, this guy runs engines to failure, basically makes no difference. https://youtu.be/x3CfLBkew2c Check the SDS, most likely a waste of money. If you don't change oil often, the detergents might help.
The air temp is a baffle motor that selects more or less if the heat core. Are you saying the blower motor fan speed doesn't change? Full speed should always work, the other speeds are based on pwm controller (probably) so I could see burning up the transistors. There aren't a lot of other key on engine off things that might get reverse voltage destroyed except the car computers. Check fuse for fan / blower motor / AC climate whatever. There appears to be two fuses for AC system. https://www.google.com/amp/www.autogenius.info/toyota-camry-2010-fuse-box-diagram/amp/
Fyi, if the thermostat sticks open, it means coolant is always being cooled and engine runs cold and never heats up. It can't overheat. Thermostat is supposed to cycle open and close to keep coolant at 190F (or whatever). Heater core is as hot as coolant. Car overheats when thermostat won't open, something gets clogged, or water pump quits (slipping belt or fins corrode to nothing), or air collects and prevents heat transfer.
You could use connectors like arduinos, or sandwich with tape/rubber and add ribbon cable to go from two out facing sides. Or just combine pcbs in software and send to pcb fab for very very little cost.
Ditto. Buy a light fixture with everything already in there. https://www.google.com/amp/www.autogenius.info/toyota-camry-2010-fuse-box-diagram/amp/ If you really wanted the led, modify with internal DC supply and wires to led
Again check the fuse. The blower motor fuse might be out, or you probably burnt up the pwm controller for fan speed. The fuse is labeled AC system
Makes even less sense. They even sell bulbs with built in light sensor in the bulb socket Certainly your time has to be worth more than $7 https://www.homedepot.com/p/Feit-Electric-60W-Equivalent-Daylight-A19-Dusk-Till-Dawn-LED-Light-Bulb-BPA800-850-DD-LED/206716138
I doubt it. More like short AWS because their CPU costs just doubled on cloud. As far as I can tell it's all Xeon except for the graphics stuff. They probably can't just slap AMD into their racks
Are devs adding hex love spells to 0.21? Or would this be charms?
Either 6 team (bye week for division leader or #1/#2), or 8 team is pretty common. Three week playoff starting week 14. Benefit of 8 is only 4 teams are out, but any given week. Bye week is huge advantage.
Honestly this is retarded. 10 player bench.. lolol.. 3 more starters than normal. It's hard enough getting any bench depth with normal 12 league, you are putting 7 extra players per team..... There are almost no point scoring players on a regular 12 team waiver wire imagine if 70 more players were already missing from it. Seriously, gtfo
Obviously.
I couldn't get this to work, I think it is the name, it stops with first one found. Only the serpent of hell works (spawns red), the Serpent of Hell tartarus etc don't work. I couldn't get crawl -arena "2 place:Lair:7 v 3 place:Vaults:4" like a place to work as modifier with ; or anything. Probably because I don't know if it should be Hell:Dis or Dis:1
There is a real risk of putting E85 in your tank though. Next time you are at gas station, take a look at the pumps. Yellow, Green and black handles.
ND is over rated crap, and easy schedule. He faced two good teams.
Maybe move evasion instead of other things like spells, stealth Throw away the rPois ring. You have amazing artefact ring with rPois!! Plus slaying. Ctrl-f boots +2 boots are better, maybe there are boots with anything else than stlth. Consider picking up makhleb or someone who might help if you don't use oka anymore. Crtl-f get some penet javellins and lvl 5 throwing. Dispersal tomahawks are good. Zigg is fine to free up inventory, dip into a few levels, leave when it gets hard. Don't die, use summoning, nets invis, fear, whatever panic items to stay alive. It is groups not one on one
Yeah, but you know how huge dex+7 slay+3 is?? ~~There might be a cloak fire resistance.~~ only cold Ctrl-f cloak Ctrl-f armor &amp;&amp; rF+ Crtl-f weapon &amp;&amp; rF+ maybe you find artefact weapon you swap on for rF. Also, sInv is big for Pan, crypt?, Zot moths.
Thanks for the laugh. Go check this post out next year, and see what a clown you are. Fournette 7th.... LOL. Cook in 1st round, CMC in 2nd.. Adams WR5... LOL Sorry, but QBs are going in 2nd and 3rd round. Go look at top 10 PPR leaders.
WTF are you talking about. Rosen &amp; Cleveland office have both said he's not going to CLE.
You left off the runner-ups 2017 - 12th - Deshaun Watson 2016 - 2nd - Carson Wentz 2015 - 2nd - Marcus Mariota 2014 - 22/32 - Johnny Manziel / Teddy Bridgewater 2012 - 2/8 - Robert Griffin / Ryan Tannehill Browns 2017 - 52 (2nd) - DeShone Kizer 2016 - 93 (3rd) - Cody Kessler 2014 - 22 - Johnny Manziel 2012 - 22 - Brandon Weeden 2010 - 85 (3rd) - Colt McCoy 2007 - 22 - Brady Quinn 2005 - 67 (3rd) - Charlie Frye 2004 - 106 (4th) - Luke McCown 1999 - 1 - Tim Couch
look at base dmg. Then look at the +4 vs. +12. That is like wearing slaying gloves of +8 Polearm also allows you to hit behind summons, or leave weak enemy in a hallway next to you and kill scary guy in back row.
Civil matter you clown. Only threatening msg or blackmail count. Sure maybe you can get federal involved in ddos,. But it's a matter for your internet provider. No local police are involved with your internet not working. Steamers have to use a VPN. Period. Or have a reliable dynamic IP. For 95% of residential users, all they had to do was unplug cable modem. Wait a few hours. Maybe even edit the cable modem / router settings.
Google the same page and view the cached version.
Depending on car, if you have over 50k, might be time to replace trans fluid. Put in synthetic.
https://youtu.be/WiABEXGXgrM
One, you should use a belt and pulley which is probably safer here. Two, get a junkyard lawnmower front wheel drive gear box which is pulley driven. Go to home Depot that had tool rental, go look at these same machines, ditch witches, edgers etc.
Might be ancetedotal, but cheaper meters in auto ranging aren't as accurate with VAC compared to selecting range.
There appear to be no vias to the ground fill. Making it utterly useless on top layer except to act as antenna and cross coupling. Which probably doesn't matter for this application, but it appears to be two layer, so no reason not to
One fix. Removes 2-4 mutations randomly. Adds 3 mutations randomly. Adds one positive mutation. Should read (as of 0.21 and earlier?) Adds 1-3 randomly (60%good/40%bad) (If you quaff enough mut potions, you will always trend towards only having 3+/-, even if you start with 15 mutations... There are 9 possible outcomes, only 3/9 net gain, the rest reduce mut unless you start with zero or one.)
Ohhh. Well you have a driveshaft that travels to back that can definitely not appreciate underside pressure from snow, depending how deep you went
Watched this guy http://crawl.akrasiac.org/rawdata/fatvalkilmer/morgue-fatvalkilmer-20180107-014203.txt on Zig:26, bailed out and Pan Lord came with him. (16 pan Lords on lvl 23, 21 pan Lords on lvl 26)
Might want better resistances drop the gloves except for crypt, tomb. Search armor &amp;&amp; ego Might find gloves with something else on them. You can try zig until you get close to dying, then bail out. You might find some artefacts. Even shield with resistance better than+8 large shield.
Throwing to 5 after you are comfortable killing everything. You can throw tomahawks, maybe find a blowgun. Needles can put down most red monsters. It's free dmg as they run at you. Sling with sling bullets is like an enchanted shortbow with almost no levels. Venom is amazing on almost everything orc, elves, lair Also slow spell works on many things, depending on if it is worth it.
The BBC one is ok. Never watch the US monstrosity with Elijah wood. It's the worst show ever made.
A mechanical solution might be better, a slip clutch or the kind of clutch in cordless drill, so you just run the motor a fixed amount of time. It introduce a rotary encoder on the blinds
Use Google then. It won't eat dead things. Maybe some live crickets in a bowl, but most owls need to eat quite a bit.
I don't know what the hell you are talking about, bees... Why use a quadcopter? Why not a box on a stick? Anyways, you ever think about hanging the experiment from a string, and getting a foot or more away from the motor noise. Anyways you need to shield motors. They make lots of high freq noise
Could have been gas cap related (leaking emission /evap). You really can drive to any car parts place, leave your ID, take the obd2 reader to your car, read the code. If the light goes out the code cleared itself, like misfire, etc. There is even check engine light if your coolant doesn't come up to temp in a certain amount of time. Anyways, read code yourself or ignore it until light comes on again
Honestly, look up local unions. It's the quickest way to making good money and have health benefits.
You'll only find those boots once in a hundred. If you found them sooner, go grab shadow dragon armor, 10 levels of stealth, depending on race you can train up UC. Imagine claws 3, horns 2, UC in the 20s. There isn't anything up cannot one shot stab. But would work with your axe. But stabbing isn't very reliable. But hilariously fun
Cloud time is almost nothing, certainly less than the electric bill running comparable CPU cycles. FPGA is more expensive, your have to get some type of open source ARM core, not sure if there is any type of open gpu core, maybe bitcoiners already have custom vhdl for their Bitcoin fpga boxes. Probably third most expensive is make your own motherboard PCB with existing CPU and GPU and you simpliciticly drew, but including about a dozen more chips and write your own custom OS and BIOS. Basically same amount of work to design the first x86 computers. The absolutely most expensive thing would be trying to get into chip design and design your own CPU, gpu, firmware. Probably about 10 man years of expert designers and layout, and millions in NRE to get tools, packaging, test
How do you know this guy doesn't leave all drain plugs loose, buy 4 yr old cars, rebuild engineers and sell for $10k profit? And does it regularly.
If they total your car, they don't give you all the money AND let you keep the car. It will have to be salvage titled. Or whatever based on state. As far as the mirror, they are easy to replace and come with wires and connector. You just need to look up YouTube videos on getting in there and a 10mm socket to loosen 3 nuts.
The reason it may not be a good idea, is one side of TEG might cool 50W, but the other side is getting 90W of heat. It's waste of electricity, and liquid cooling already handles moving heat away to larger efficient radiators. It might be a good idea where you seal a box and TEG dumps heat into metal chassis.
I don't understand, you quaff a potion of brilliance?
As far as I can tell you might have luck on dev IRC channel and someone might fill out a bug report for you. I don't think they used GitHub tracker for code bugs
You can't walk up to it, hide around a corner. Haste, use wands of acid, summons can distract, box beasts, phial might last two turns.
One, go watch some YouTube videos on atomic structure of a liquid vs metal sea of electrons. You will see why nothing beats metals. Two, run your costs analysis of making 100 miles of wire/tubing. The reason for copper wire (aluminum sightly different), they dig ore from the ground, make think rods of it, then you can simply pull the copper thinner and thinner and make thousands of feet of it with diamond dies and annealing. Even if you made plastic tubing, how are you going to get cheaper? Also, how does this magic liquid fill tubes without air bubbles and you would have to make tubes very thick compared to look 28awg wire because of capillary/surface tension. So you are only taking about replacing large cables conducting large currents. But that is solved by transforming voltage to very large voltages. Also, we run wires high in the air because this is cheapest way to deal with topograpy over long distance and not having to bury crap.
Well on a um scale, I would say they do leak in the form of electromigration. (Maybe that is more like evaporation)
I don't understand this. You do your first 50 boards with the standard package. So what, you spend $100 more on the 50 chips. That is an hour of nightmare of soldering and debugging bad solder jobs. If you scale up to making 10,000, you move to pick and place fine pitch mfg crap. Why is this even a discussion. BGA is for phone mfg level boards, not soldering at home folks. If $100 breaks your bank, quit right now
In a heartbeat you'd wear this ring on 99% of characters (rF+ rC+ and swappable rCorr and you have all resistances you'll ever need, maybe an extra rF+)
status is "pig" somehow people think pigs should have wings (and stone skin), and are surprised that polymorph changes your character....
In a heartbeat you'd wear this ring on 99% of characters (rF+ rC+ and swappable rCorr and you have all resistances you'll ever need, maybe an extra rF+)
Assuming you make it to stairs, go down and never visit D:2 again. You already cleared it.
Ok, i missed that. But I think boots flying, or otherwise wouldn't be melded. Maybe it became a temp status like a potion of flying.
More like 400 hrs, or 5 weeks of 12hrs a day, but really if you want ROI, you'd have to compare ($led - $old bulb) and (Watts saved vs old bulb)
You are crazy. Almost all "doorbell" wire is 20/2 hookup wire with PVC jacket. I don't know any that isn't 300V, and single solid wire at 20 awg is 1.5 to 6A rated. Yes, doorbells are only 24V, but WTF does that have to do with the wire rating. Even 35 ga. magnet wire is above 35mA...
Cementite build up would show up on freeway exit ramp if you braked hard with pulsation typically also felt in the steering wheel. Have you tried breaking hard in a parking lot to feel what ABS feels like, it's probably the same sound. Especially if there is snow you can practice what ABS sounds like, and faulty ABS activation might be your issue.
Um do you have Windows... http://www.zdnet.com/article/ubuntu-and-bash-arrive-on-windows-10/ For rPi, lots of useful stuff on adafruit. https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-16-channel-pwm-servo-hat-for-raspberry-pi/using-the-python-library
Well I keep getting acid wanded. Every named seems to have one. Two hits ...
This whole thread should be dedicated to UV4 and his wonderful macassins
I like this idea, if you have javelin, favor javelin, if you have arrows favor those, if you have needles, etc.
One, if the only problem is phantom door locking, it could be the switch is either door is going bad, because they can get water in them, like when you open door in down pour. Two why did you run one wire to the battery and not two? You used some ground wire in a random harness, which might not be thick enough. If your inverter is 1000W, you likely melted the black wire insulation which can cause problems. Also try dis connecting inverter, or leaving it off. If inverter is back feeding ground with a voltage, it can cause things to happen. Imagine a ton of current in a ground wire, the resistive drop makes the local ground more like 4V, so some stuff like radio would not have 12V power, but more like 8V.. etc This is same with short in red power wire. But resistive drops are usually around 10A...
Never let anyone you care about ride on carnival rides.
Your just have put water in sprayer fluid. If it is just the nozzle has I've over it, pour hot water over nozzle.
All the newer stuff is sealed square tubing with no inspection, no wall thickness ultrasound. You can hear rust chips banging around like hourglass timers. In this one case the seat had 5 feet tall square tube that bolted at top to an arm, open at the top, no plate, just a giant vase. Filled with rain and ice every minute it wasn't set up. The result: http://myfox28columbus.com/news/local/gallery/questioning-revealed-in-investigation-of-fatal-fire-ball-ride#photo-1 There are no safeties except a dead man foot pedal. The industry model is wait for a 20 yr old ride to break and kill someone, then require other ride owners to magnaflux welds, pins, bolts that failed. There are setup bolts over torqued weekly and always used until failure (usually when trying to remove them). All cables etc are used until failure, even frayed.
At least what I've seen is solid core stiff crap that is 20/2
It buzzes because of the iron core literally constricting with the B field and your windings are vibrating around.
Well, old stuff might have been ceramic, but the N in the part number... . &gt;plastic through-hole DIP package ("N") I'd recommend having a gander at: https://project5474.org/index.php?title=Main_Page For example, this one they document diodes on the inputs. https://project5474.org/index.php?title=5414_TI_0410 This guy does as some thorough stuff: http://www.righto.com/2017/01/die-photos-and-reverse-engineering.html
How would salt prevent any heaving? The water in the soil expands below frost line.
Slaying is exactly the same as enchant.
[edit] below is from wiki and wrong SD = 1 + 1d(Str - 9)*2/39) // 1.0 to 1.2 avg at 20str&amp;dex WS = 1 + (1dSkill)/25 // 1.0 to 1.54 avg FS = 1 + (1dFighting)/30 // 1.0 to 1.45 avg (divide by 40 for aux weapon) Eff_ench = Weapon enchantment + Slaying Slay = 1d(1 + Eff_ench) - 1 Misc = 1d10 (berserk) or -1d5+1 (starve) Final= 0.75 (cleave/weak) or 1.5 (statue) Damage = ({[1d(Base_dmg * SD)-0.66] * WS * FS + Misc + Slay} * Final ) + Stabbing bonus - AC dmg reduction tl;dr enchanted +10 is same as having slay+10 which is same as berserk
From the wiki. I see you are correct. No dex. https://github.com/crawl/crawl/blob/master/crawl-ref/source/attack.cc int dammod = 39; if (you.strength() &gt; 10) dammod += (random2(you.strength() - 9) * 2); damage *= dammod; damage /= 39; damage *= 2500 + (random2(you.skill(wpn_skill, 100) + 1)); damage /= 2500; const int base = aux? 40 : 30; damage *= base * 100 + (random2(you.skill(SK_FIGHTING, 100) + 1)); damage /= base * 100;
If you had a mug you aren't super happy with I recommend you hold the handle and shake it around violently. You will find the little round thin type will break. Wider is better
Depends on your level, if you don't have anything over +3, then it is ok. The draining is really going to hurt if you unequip. It is very low dmg for what gnoll can pick up. I prefer to swap out constantly, so maybe a hand crossbow or fustibus as they approach them swap to +5 halberd, or antimagic depending on what it is. Depends if you find a good shield. I would not commit to draining in gnoll, you might find +10 longbow. Also gnoll can swap weapons with rN or rC if you are lacking resistance
I'd wear chain mid game, you will get more EV, and str and slay will kill things faster. Once you start getting hit hard switch to crystal, especially when you get enchant armor, probably losing all spells. But compare AC + EV of them both. Gdr isn't good if you always get hit. Drop ice fire ev rings, wield on crossbow, drop it if +0. Otherwise get sone bolts or drop it
You are a liar or an idiot. Brendan clearly didn't get a fair trial, why? Avery was attempted to be framed, any reasonable person would acknowledge two or more police officers tried to plant evidence, at least twice. Anyone who says differently is lying. Two cops who had to recuse themselves, and their entire Dept was forbidden from the investigation. Twice happen to be on the property where they weren't supposed to be, "helping out". And on only those two days was key evidence found. The handling of burn evidence and dna is a joke. Now this has nothing to do with guilt. That's just a simple fact. I think Avery is probably guilty, but they also tried to make sure there was evidence to convict. Her spare keys are suspicious. Where were her house keys? Fire wasnt hot enough.. does the cell towers prove she left property? Why didn't anyone find out at the time
Slaying bonus is slay+ and weapon enchant added today
player_apply_slaying_bonuses() damage_plus = get_weapon_plus(); //weapon enchant damage_plus -= 4 * you.props["corrosion_amount"].get_int(); //corr damage_plus += slaying_bonus(...) //slay ring or artef damage += (damage_plus &gt; -1) ? (random2(1 + damage_plus))
Yep, I'm done. What do they have invested in this lying to people. As if Colborn didn't sit in front of camera being disposed about handling of Avery case... As if they weren't supposed to be investigating the case. I think Avery is guilty to, but what kind of idiot thinks they didn't try to plant evidence on a guilty man. They clearly did the same to Dassey.
Don't ever stop training fighting. Train armor. Don't train stealth unless you pick up shadow dragon armor. SH will give you more, but big experience investment unless you commit to regular shield, and stay with one handed. Pearl dragon is same as +2 ring I think, might hurt spell casting. Probably save enchant scrolls
They were despised weeks before. They weren't supposed to be investigating. Are you sure when he shows up with doughnuts to just hang out and finds the bullet he was on duty?
Unless you have two handed with huge base dmg, and can bring up EV, you aren't doing much extra with riposte This is old but probably relevant. https://crawl.develz.org/tavern/viewtopic.php?f=8&amp;t=23539 Wouldn't you want to do more dmg? Aside from obviously wizmode, dump your file, check the number of dodge and riposte on current character. You would just double previous number of ripostes
Probably 8m range. The problem you have is tags are not powered, you have a reader that sends specific timed pulses. This energized the tag which uses the receive antenna to send a serial code back. Unfortunately, you cannot do this traveling at even 35mph (50ft/s)... It might barely work if you got 100ms response time. A metal detector might be better depending on what was in your wallet, maybe a bloodhound. ftp://ftp.cs.washington.edu/tr/2008/10/UW-CSE-08-10-02.PDF https://www.gs1.org/epcrfid/epc-rfid-uhf-air-interface-protocol/2-0-1 You would need a gen2 EPC UHF reader. The tags are class 2. This might be the cheapest, but you need an antenna. Not sure if EDL would even respond, maybe special activation code http://www.kr4.us/SparkFun-Simultaneous-RFID-Reader-M6E-Nano.html
He was delusional fame fag, probably got DHS grant in college, claimed to know many spooks (or one ex- spook) in his author project pm days. In fact project PM was literally a govt version of hbgary, fake think-tank. Also xxxxx is a hell of a drug. Living off other people's fame and money.
I'll totally go and no roofie you.
Edit post, it might be me but imgur link isn't working. I believe this is the idea... https://www.circuitlab.com/editor/#?id=qf4zt8
Did you check out what I linked? https://i.stack.imgur.com/t9E7e.png You need to enable the pmos being used to switch the 12V what is vbe of the npn? If the npn is off, the pmos won't conduct
What did you measure on Vdd? What does datasheet say for tt6061a? Can it handle higher voltage? It is in stores with 1Mohm. What is C1? Is it polarized? What is your metal plate? Are you using a long wire picking up 60Hz noise? The 127Vac probably isn't the problem. If you removed resistor and put 120Vac across the zener, you blew it up. Fyi, US is 115Vac rms, plus or minus 5
On your sch voltage supplies should point up. It's not clear what 24V pin 8 and gnd pin 4 means, is that the input? I believe R8 is wrong place. You have 5V in buffer opamp trying to drive a 5.1V zener?
Skills: O Level 27 Fighting - Level 18.0 Axes + Level 25.3 Armour + Level 23.6 Dodging - Level 25.0 Shields +11 broad axe "Mobbyij Isu" {vamp, rF+} Hard to believe Trog didn't give you better resistances. rF+ rN++ rCorr, that's it. I definately would have settled for the rF++ and worn the EV+8 ring. You might want to consider getting to level 5 or 8 of some utility skills like throwing and evocations. It costs very little compared to skilling Shields from 24-&gt;25. You can do quite a bit of damage throwing javelins as monsters approach instead of you running up to them. You might as well went with another god, like Oka. You used Trogs hand, but barely used berserk, which I guess is smart. But with your gear and armor, I'm sure that helped quite a bit in this run. You could have probably skilled Axes a few more levels for additional dmg. Maybe... 3% per level (36%avg bonus dmg at lvl 18, 44% at lvl 22) Berserk | 1 | 2 | 5 | 9 | 9 | 7 | 1 | 3 | 1 || 38
If you are near stairs, it is a free haste, might, +1d10 dmg. Good escape plan with bonus HP, if you can make it to stairs, adds haste to separate a space from normal speed monsters
If you removed pin 8 and put whatever voltage fires the triac does it light up? Might help to post Vac/ VDC on all the pins of the dimmer IC
Gordon has huge upside. Fournette is going to be injured most of the year.
Lots of good comments already. Shields kill spells if you are under trained, so people might set training in Shields and not wear it until lvl 15 is hit. Buckler are easy to get 4 levels, but don't provide much except for small races, but a buckler of protection or resistance can be game changer Glove, helmet, boots are flat AC, no encumbrance. Barding, armor has ER. (And Shields below training level) The larger the worse for stealth, spells, miss attacks. General rule of thumb is str equal to ER. Some people max out AC, but I've seen the charts showing you want to maximize AC+EV. More EV if ranged/spells or stealth/stabbing. Heavy armor penalties become smaller with large str and training but never go away. Armor has something called gdr which is guaranteed damage reduction, it caps about your AC level so a 100dmg hit still will hurt, but can reduce dmg taken, which is why people wear heaviest armor they can still cast/ no hit penalty. Armor training and str weigh into the armor penalty of no hit and spells, but high Int can overcome a lot Note dragon scales have matching gdr and AC but at a lower ER, so they are preferred but add resistance. Look it up, steam scales is like leather? FDA is like chain(?)
I might slightly add to this, axes do 75% dmg, but can hit eight adjacent tiles (great for vamp). Short swords are too low of dmg, but great with elec, draining, choas, distortion can be best (I used to think pain, but pain is scaled to base dmg).
google crawl armor skill https://crawl.develz.org/tavern/viewtopic.php?f=5&amp;t=14075 look at the graphs. Armor skill gives you additional AC each level. Can reduce penalty, but high str, might take it from 5 to 2.
I think horns are bonus riposte. Now I wonder if it stacks with long sword, or how they only apply horns, and if long sword has it's own 1/3.
If you have throwing or offensive spells, it can be useful to carry around an artifact weapon with like rF+ or MR++, if you don't have the rings, it's still 1.0 instead of 0.5
Download offline tiles. Start a game enter wizmode(&amp;), check wizmode help(&amp;?). The fsim (&amp;f) can simulate damage against the named enemy.
I usually find almost every staff. So what? You get one more fire spell pip. Your freaking int is 4. Why would you ever care
Well, you would have lost playoffs. You know how many weeks Wilson won????
Almost every time an elf:3 banishes me, I walk two steps and grab the rune. Can't seem to find it any other way.
Play WJC, quaff up, vaults:5 put on golden cloud and whack away especially with vamp axe. You can get up to +30 slaying, add in song slaying, some other buffs...
They sell many battery saver disconnects for automotive applications that cut open below like 11.5V. many especially for marine or RV. A couple bucks up to $100s https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B019F3BEIO?psc=1
You are the one citing 20A, heat from I^2 R increases resistance. If you aren't using a lot of current, use 12 awg. (and yes, Virginia, 12 awg is 40mOhm by the tables, that is 1.6V IR drop) (It's LED, so it really doesn't matter, unless the strips are off below 4.5V
I think your comments apply to you. Maybe you should hang out in /r/iamverysmart But Trump supporters enable a buffoon so he feels more powerful. He is like a character from The Office.
In 2013, Top Gear named the PT Cruiser Convertible as the worst car of the last twenty years. One, they made 1M PT shitters from that Mexican factory. Two, they made them in 2000s, and you want to know how many 80s cars are on the road (where they only made one third as many in the 80s)? Dodge Neons were such garbage they quit selling them but kept the re-shelled PT cruiser because dummies and grandmothers still bought them.
They sold 2M from '94 to 2005, so yeah, they should be twice as many around as PT crappers. 1.5% of passenger car sales were Neons, so are you seeing that many of them? Go to a mall and count the cars in a row....
You don't mention how long the strings are, but now you really have introduced new problems. If you run two wires to left of strings, the rightmost LED will be dimmer (maybe even off). If you run V+ to one side and GND to the other side, they should all be same brightness. Same as if you run two pairs of VDD, GND one pair to top and redundant pair to other side. Anyways, if each string is 1A, with the IR drop, strings closest to supply will be noticeably brighter (unless you feed the strings from the middle). One way if to send 110VAC/24/48VDC and have each string provide the LED current (you want constant current LED drivers, not "5VDC").
Name anyone that thinks Aztek was a good car? It was overpriced, subsidized, only functional for outdoors. No parts, no reliability. "GM forecast sales of up to 75,000 Azteks per year and needed to produce 30,000 annually to break even. " It was the worst business decision since New Coke. I can't believe you are citing Aztak as good idea. Bukszpan, Daniel (March 21, 2013). "10 ugliest cars of all time". CNBC. Yahoo!. "The 100 Ugliest Cars". The Daily Telegraph. London. August 25, 2008. "100 Worst Cars of All Time". Edmunds.com. December 12, 2011. "The 50 Worst Cars of All Time". Time. September 7, 2007. "The 50 Worst Inventions". Time. May 27, 2010.
Again, you want to get an LED driver that puts out constant current, it is really the only way to make the LED the same brightness. Let's say you use 12 ga at 16mOhm per 10ft. And you do string like this... (two wire)=======================(w)==(x) | | | | | | | | | | | | y | z So say 10 strings at 1A, distance to w is 25ft, wy is 10 ft, wx is 10 ft If you start with 5V, (w) is 3.2V, (y) is 3.17V, (x) is 3.04V, (z) is 3.0V You can improve this my having the ground fed in the bottom of each string, so the see same total resistance to supply. Ideally you get an LED driver, slap on 12V battery or power supply, and each string driven by 0.6A... example: http://www.linear.com/solutions/1056
The most probable in real world is Ds with claw, hooves, horns, which I've had before. Boots assassin and UC 27. Then whatever slaying and str dex is reasonable. Not that it counts for one on one, but WJC, golden cloud (I've gotten over +30), song slaying, infusion are realistic. So you could stack lunge.
Oh yeah for the !! Well dragon form with claw 3 should be 51 + (str*0.66), so 71 with 30str Statute form would be (58.5 + str \*0.5 ), or 73 with 30str
It's NY, you got screwed. Now if they actually adjusted your rear drums, fine, but they probably would have charged you more than that. I'm guessing they never even took off rear wheels You probably didn't need a power steering flush, or well you needed the fluid changed 40,000 miles ago, which you probably never did. A drain and fill would help replace half the fluid. The induction thing is where you know they are ripping you off. What is that? A can of mystery fluid in your gas tank. Spark plugs and oil change are maybe normal if you are close to NYC. If you knew a guy, it'd be cheaper. Who up there doesn't know a guy.
Flushes are a joke because a shop bought a fishing machine and has to justify cost by forcing it on everyone. Brake fluid should be drained, refilled and bled. Power steering maybe justifies it, but I'm not sure how they tap off the high pressure side. You'd go a long way in power steering just sucking out the reservoir and adding new fluid every few years. Almost zero labor and it's like a 50% "flush" Transmission flushes are dangerous, they are forcing fluid. Drain and fill, maybe change filter depending on symptoms and what it entails.
How often do you reverse a long distance and break hard?
But half the fluid is in the torque converter. You cannot change that out without a pump or engine running, so what is the point. You'd have to swap fluid a few times to get close to new fluid quality. Some cars have drain plug on torque converter, so you need new pan seal, to get at it.
It's plaster and canvas then
You were lobotomized as a child?
Any gnoll that makes Z:5 is good to go. Get right spells, vile clutch, ignition, etc. You can dip into zig for quite a few levels, just clear up some inv space, and leave before you die, you need rCorr and rN+++ swappable and lots MR+ rC+ is good enough. For gnoll just carry around artefect weapons and swap if needed for rElec, rC, etc.
But.. muh safe space!! I'm allowed to show Co-workers my hand drawn wookie porn! That I sell with my name on it from my DA page I show off in my resume. It's others job to never make me uncomfortable.
Well you deserve credit for googling more and finding the video. Though your photos are next to useless. Next time use a brand new o-ring and coat it with oil. I appears the only thing holding it in is the o-ring.
I'm sure you can win with just vile clutch and throwing/ sling/bow. 10 Ne, Earth skill is devestating on vile clutch. Works on everything that isn't slime/etherial I think (works on flying somehow)
That is ~~3000lbs~~ 1200 of water. ~~Twice the capacity of most truck beds. What kind of truck was this?~~ nm, it was gay quadcab with short bed. Idiots could have heated bricks in an oven and added to the water.
Nah it's ok other than duct tape and bubble juice. It's one of those super short beds. Probably 1200 lbs at most
Name anything to like about Hue. Name one time he made the right challenge, red zone play call. Seriously, the guy is such garbage, he has lost most close games from his play calling
He is 100% lying. http://kansascity.com/news/politics-government/article158871959.html Kobach is the guy who has electronic database from other secretary of states where they are sending flags to other states to purge voters because "they are registered in another state" except there are no controls and he has been purging people with non-white names for a decade. He is involved with many shady groups, his Crosscheck, Vote Smart, etc https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C_lFDN7XcAEQM36.jpg
Ctrl+f jewel &amp;&amp; resistance Ctrl+f artefact &amp;&amp; armor Ctrl+f MR+ Ctrl+f god gift
EV of 8 seems crazy to me. In the time you got Armor 26-&gt;27 you could have gotten Evasion to skill level 9. Even with almost no EV, you dodged 1/3 or 1/4 of hits that got past shield. Could have reduce dmg taken. Is there a wizmode bible that lists optimal skill levels to reduce dmg taken.
How many ench armor scrolls laying around? Go buy an MR ring if you cannot find anything with it.
Tomb just seems really dumb. I can go an kill Gloorx surrounded by 8 hasted executioners. But tomb is a million times more dangerous and so tedious and dumb with death curses. But if you just cast lich form, you can tab through it. Really dumb that rN++++ and you are just as fragile in tomb as naked. But play a Vampire or mummy and tab through it.. No other level is like this.
How did the Steelers underachieve? What the fuck are you smoking? You only had to win one game post season. You couldn't cause your team sucks. Been, Bell, AB did above average in those games, so find someone else to blame. How bad is his offense if Steelers have been in playoffs division game last 3 years?
god-passive.cc defines the Ru redirect, but it is called in mon-act and mon-cast https://github.com/crawl/crawl/search?utf8=✓&amp;q=ru+redirect&amp;type= int r = random2(100); int chance = div_rand_round(you.piety, 16); // 10% chance of stopping any attack at max piety if (r &lt; chance) return DO_BLOCK_ATTACK; // 5% chance of redirect at max piety else if (r &lt; chance + div_rand_round(chance, 2)) return DO_REDIRECT_ATTACK; else return DO_NOTHING; At **** it is 6% chance block, 9% chance of block OR redirect
Does not appear to be possible except through glass. Except maybe it is see instead of attack LoS. It probably is on purpose because it would stop summoners, or those in metal cages. return have_passive(passive_t::aura_of_power) &amp;&amp; !mon-&gt;friendly() &amp;&amp; you.see_cell(mon-&gt;pos()) ...
Lol, I didn't see your post....
Most toys have DC motor drive a belt or rubber band to a larger plastic pulley which helps with higher motor rpm anyways. Make it so belt burns up instead
Women keep cash in their checkbook. Consider it saying, stole from my wallet. Why they had that much cash... Who knows
Are you all that stupid. They said nothing about a check. $3000 missing from their wallet is what was claimed.
Are you going to spend a year memorizing a huge huge book and learning all the applicable law. Then passing the patent bar which few lawyers even pass. Otherwise you'd want a law degree. BTW, not sure if you want to waste 3yrs, but take the lsat, if you do well enough, with revival background, could easily mean free law school
Get your ohm meter and check the grounded header pins (one on each side) to the incoming ground. Nothing is connecting gnd to the big copper pour.
If you ever plan to title this (Salvage title means just that. You have title to a piece of junk) or have plates, you need all receipts showing you fixed all defects to factory condition. Then you need to pay salvage inspection fee. I'm guessing your eBay receipt won't count and you'll probably need thousands from a dealer to buy airbag module, maybe new computer. They are all coded to VIN and airbag serial. Maybe ask a collision repair shop how much they would charge.
It also allows a single axle with wheels attached to axle and two bushings to chassis. Unless you need AWD.
Can't tell by those photos, but that's all plastic splash shield. Probably just forget about it, unless mechanic says something when changing the oil
Pick different god, kill in one hit, or have lich form. Tomb is just stupid, rN+++ is useless, so what is the point. In my opinion you should be able to get to rN+++++ like MR and be able to do tomb.
Berserk will lead to death if you can't kill a group, or some priest walks around the corner. Maybe if you have controlled blink online. I wouldn't bother with antimagic to swap to unless that is your main brand. You want jav of penet to pick off mages, you have 32 str, just get 8 levels of throwing.
Always learn apportation. I've gotten a few abyss rune by being banished a few tiles from it, aport and run. Lightning bolt maybe. Carry wiz staff or ring for swappable power. I'd pick up a buckler (resistance, protection) and train Shields to 4, then train fighting, unless you have spell levels you are targeting. May not hurt to get stealth or throwing to level 5, but many will disagree as not optimal, I've always found it helps. Id train armor before evasion, and learn sublimate blood spell if you find it, you will have large pools of hp and it might synergize with your mutation.
All the options are listed in the file. Lots more settings to fix it as well, like scaling, viewport etc http://crawl.akrasiac.org/docs/options_guide.txt tile_force_overlay = false Setting this option to true will force the message window to appear as an overlay on top of the screen. If you use this option, making your tile_font_msg_size smaller will make the overlay smaller while retaining the same number of lines. Increase the view_max_height option if you find yourself with unused screen estate. Probably better off with changing tile_window_width = -90 tile_window_height = -90 msg_min_height = 5 msg_max_height = 10
Vile clutch is great at minimal levels, some things it can kill on its own, but faster things free themselves pretty reliably. Why not focus on bows? Use vile clutch to keep them away, can you cast it with plate?
You would have won with bows, archery gloves and occasional vile clutch for crowd control
In case you didn't know stealth can help if you run away. About 10 turns out of line of sight, monsters will forget about you. It costs very little to get 5 skill levels or items with stlth+
You don't carry nets??
I forgot about size limit, but they allow you to swap to dagger and with decent str/dec, anything dies. But I guess I overstate it if you use primary weapon, probably closer to 50% to 100% bonus dmg. With throwing less than 10, needles rarely work for me. Does anyone have a comparison of Evo skill and wand paralysis, vs needles and throwing skill? Evo had to beat MR? But throwing is just monster HD based? Successful needle is either random 2%, or 1d(throwing + enchant + 4) had to be higher than HD - 2 So Tiamat (22HD) would need 10 throwing and that +8 blowgun to give you 11% chance.
Needles don't work on UNDEAD | NONLIVING (no OOF, greater mummy, yes for Pan Lords, Orb Guardians, Stone Giant) Nets don't work on statues, GIANT, or INSUBSTANTIAL (no OOF, does work on undead, TRJ, Pan Lords) Now I believe I'm reading it correct. First missiles or blowguns must pass shield, and EV checks, then blowguns need additional check where needle brand is applied. I can't figure out how to_hit is calc for nets. Is it not based on skill at all?
It appears amulets appear more than 1/3 of the time. Wonder if the rings +1 code is wrong. Anyways, try it yourself. identified all common amulets except spirit. (probably common rings). Then wizmode acq up 100 jewelry. I got 14% guardian spirit, 66% artefacts. In a row, probably harder, under 1%. But at least one guardian spirit will appear half the time.
Insubstantial: Vortex, Elementals, Phantom/Phantasmal, Ghosts, Shadow, Wraith, Eidolon, Spectral/Spectre, Smoke Demon, Electric Golem, Ball Lightning, Lurking Horror, OOF, Wretched Star, Battlesphere Giant: Orb Guardians, Emperor Scorpion, Dragons, Kraken, Elephants, Hell Lords, Eldritch, Starcursed Mass, Tentacled
Edit your post.... http://crawl.xtahua.com/crawl/morgue/Monsterracer/Monsterracer.txt Is correct url (also dynamic and will change later). Drop second fan, potions magic, flight. You are crazy in +0 ring mail, no spells... Like wtf? Scale, chain? Literally anything. There has to be +5 artefact something. Ctrl+f armor &amp;&amp; artefact I think you need way more skill to get great sword working. Maybe demon blade until you get higher LB skill. I wouldn't train anything but LB and fighting until delay below 0.9 Skills don't seem bad, I'd recommend doing up to D:14 before spider. Swamp might be easier first. I'd be nervous with just MR+
Not on paper. There are a few people high up in org that have been acquiring a ton of property. I believe most of them are cheating taxes saying they are churches.
Wouldn't you need to soften the lip more to be functional. You might consider future version, also add flat spots or knife to handle
But eventually, they sell the property to higher ups or in market and the money funds xenos I'm addition to insane rent vs mortgage
But eventually, they sell the property to higher ups or in market and the money funds xenos I'm addition to insane rent vs mortgage
I'd dump the ice rings, seem kinda useless. Pick up nets, drop the needles unless you carry a blowgun.i think you can dump sandblast, shroud golubria. Dazzling spray might work for you. I'd learn vile clutch, and look for staff of Earth to swap on. Ctrl-f dragon scales Ctrl-f jewelry &amp;&amp; artefact Ctrl-f rN+ I'd wear rN++ and go to crypts, should be easy for you. If be concerned you have no weapon trained. Maybe at this point a lajatang might be best. But you need to do depth with MR+++ or more. The spear isn't so great with no necro, a demon whip with occasional elec is more dmg. Not sure, you can ask on here, but you might be able to LRD into slime vaults. Maybe even the teleporter vault you skipped.
You can compare frequency response curves. This seems to give you the wealth of knowledge you want. There is probably zero reason to not use class D. http://www.analog.com/en/analog-dialogue/articles/class-d-audio-amplifiers.html
I was gonna say, why not wear slay+ boots, but I didn't see running. Why keep cloak thief if you still carried around 14 fog scrolls and only used the cloak twice (?). I don't know how people get 15 runners with just MR+++, Im lucky not getting bad things with four MRs. That's a good run, congrats
https://www.reddit.com/r/dcss/comments/2lhsqz/tips_for_surviving_abyss/ The times I've been elf banished, I'm always next to rune, I grab and run and teleport and keep moving. Eventually you get a new shuffle. I always find a gate out. Just always keep moving blocking as much LOS as possible. It could be I often get 5 stealth on early floors. Maybe that helps, but haste and always be running. Use fog, occasionally ambrosia, but that might kill you. Passage golubria, blink, avoid open areas. You really shouldn't ever get banished, just have MR+++. Avoid elf until then. Run when a banisher enters edge of map. Use needles, throwing, ranged?
That must have been long run. Did you do two zigs? 111 scrolls of teleportation 49 scrolls of blinking Maybe train spellcasting up to 27 instead of evo? I would have definitely used vile clutch, sublimation of blood
Dragon scales make casting easier for same AC level. Ctrl-o check annotations, in case you skipped and forgot to go back for a named, or runed door vault. Annotations: D:7 2 transporters D:13 8 runed doors
I forgot hep needed that for invo, I just meant you have ring of flying if you need inventory
I need to check latest code, but some numbers: A:3 = 1/5000 chance per square spawn exit Diagonal, will expose 10 to 29 squares per turn. 120 to 200 movements should get you close to a 50% chance of uncovering exit. Unwielding distortion weapon: 25% banish Hit by distortion weapon: 5% banish Zot trap: 3.6% banish Hit by chaos brand: &lt;0.5% banish (?) (13.9% chance of a level 3 miscast at xl 27 times 2/11 times banish miscast %) (mons chaos brand different?) (2.7% distortion brand -&gt; 0.1% banish) XP gain in abyss is this complete nonsense: xp_factor = max(min((int)exp_needed(you.experience_level+1, 0) / 7, you.experience_level * 425), you.experience_level*2 + 15) / 5; if (!you.props.exists(ABYSS_STAIR_XP_KEY)) you.props[ABYSS_STAIR_XP_KEY] = EXIT_XP_COST; const int reqd_xp = you.props[ABYSS_STAIR_XP_KEY].get_int(); const int new_req = reqd_xp - div_rand_round(exp, xp_factor);
&gt;council didn’t give me useless weapon and armor LOL, nope. They didn't give you anything. I think it is lacking some emergency powers, like sanctuary, jail, summons, healing. Almost everyone can still see you through the cloud, so the only help you will ever get is two free squares. Even a temporary piety hit + exhaust haste/movement would help this a lot. Make sure you turn on rc file: wall_jump_move = true wall_jump_prompt = false (Since someone complained so much they had to make it annoying with ability menu)
You could swap it on if you saw rC monster, but I'd rather MR+ rF++ and the demon blade. At skill level 14 LB, you are doing at least 3 more AvgEffDmg compared to skill 20 axe. Accuracy is 5% higher. Plus you can wear a buckler at least. I've never had problem walking around with rC+ or no rC. but maybe that's just me. If you are Naga, the cold hits would be bad. I'd take one more pip or MR everyday.
You are doubling the rate of exit portal appearance. You will usually die if you waste turns fighting or making double moves.
If you always one on one, maybe not as useful, but it holds most monsters far away from you and starts doing dmg that increases over time (strangulation). It's like a poor man's smite, but hits 3by3 and ignores friendly.. Kills things with level 15 Earth and necro. Like great for gnoll, or someone with high Earth. Cleared out vaults:5 with a few clouds, and continue vile clutch.
If you have the rune it is like 1/1200, but entering is over 200 squares, that works out to 16% chance of spawning with exit on screen.. probably half that because of LOS
I wish the tomb zig figurine would do an endless zig where each level is random difficulty, maybe more random flavors instead of all undead, all lair, all elves, all draconian,etc The finish a zig figurine could be a harder Zig.
Um.. if you put mic in room and plot that frequency response from same input (white noise, swept freq) then no. The reason is that datasheets lie, or different setup, but same mic, same freq response, same sound.
Hep's dude can. I believe box of beasts fight out of LOS. Makhleb demons. Am I crazy and they can only tank outside LOS? Then there is jiyva
Except Ru, you can't transfer skills, and sacrificing school doesn't increase gains, and invo will be ok, but not max. Oka I think is great. They benefit most from gifts, and two abilities keep them alive early and mid, you double dps, and skill boosts can help. Once you are level 16 in everything, usually strong enough to switch away.
https://development.franklincountyohio.gov/planning-zoning/zoning https://www.columbus.gov/development/Code-Enforcement/ Code enforcement and maps
This. Any early enchanted sling, or Ce bows is kinda broken. Only add PProj for smiting later on.
Gn I think is fun if you've won a few times. Honestly too many decisions for new players. Too many spells, too many weapons, they might think a +11 short sword is better than +3 demon whip elec.
Gn I think is fun if you've won a few times. Honestly too many decisions for new players. Too many spells, too many weapons, they might think a +11 short sword is better than +3 demon whip elec.
https://www.reddit.com/r/dcss/comments/7oqt4h/a_guide_to_dungeon_crawl_stone_soup/ https://www.reddit.com/r/dcss/comments/7t3wkx/one_hundred_fights_of_survival_patashus_crawl/ That's everything. Or watch YT series. You can check tombstone files of successful runs to give you an idea what to shoot for and how to level skills. You can replay online games ttyrec. Latest bunch of runs was 0.21 tournament if you want to click on players and see their runs. Remember always back up, heal up, continue. Game allows you to lure single enemies back to stairs. Three stairs if you need to avoid a scary monster. Always acquire armor/gold
The best approach is reviewing census data which would be grouped by whatever zip code at the time. You should be able to figure out old address from census, old maps, this gives you names.
Get buckler, learn better spells. Maybe dump amulet, and skill up crossbow and fighting. You should do ok with hand crossbow +7, but maybe str not high enough for dmg. Sadly you are probably at like 1.5 delay per bolt. Should be an enchanted robe, scarf, cloak.
Yes, if you trained throwing or slings, higher str helps. Less useful after orc/ lair. Gargoyle is slightly better apt for crossbow, they already have hand crossbow and 4 skill levels. So in this case slightly better to stick with handcrossbow
I don't understand the post. ANY Gn fighter starts with 6.4 in Fighting, Armor, (Shields) Any gnoll wanderer can start like this. Just did one with 9.2 Spellcasting.
sinv is for the ghost moths at end of spider that will mess you up. You never need Sinv until you notice something invisible, it only takes 0.5 turn to put it on. Orb spiders aren't bad, you see the orb before it moves at you. Often you can dodge the orb. The entropy weavers are the real danger. Probably want to teleport if you can't run and face them at stairs. When you get -4 corrosion, your AC is -4 and your to-hit and damage is -4. If they get near you they can attack four times. You can get to -16 in a dozen attacks and not notice. That's guaranteed death. If you haven't trained throwing, one javelin can be like 1.7 turns. You need EV and way to kill them quickly. Butterflies, stick2snake, blowgun, good sling, acid wand, high Evo, spells. Get to stairs, fight one at a time. Dig into outer wall, make kill hole
Geez, it was just general advice, that's why it also mentions wands and slings and probably should have said invis. If someone is dead set on trog for some reason, why not just actually use trog. Beserk would have killed them easy, as well as brothers.
Baby birds just chill in a nest. Why would you not assume it is an adult small owl? They don't watch from tree branches for worms. They are looking for mice, moles, chipmunks...
Sure. Draconians can't see invis, almost everything else in Zot can. You might ditch the robe if you find shadow dragon scales, depending on spells vs. pure melee. Hopefully your Hep dude isn't casting loud spells. See how depths goes. The only thing more fun is doing this with WJC and lunge stabs sending chunks all over the room.
I've never tried lunge stab with the polearm.. I'd stick with hep. WJC has no way to bail. At least hep can keep them busy as you run. WJC is not really the best late game, its probably slightly better than Oka if you max out levels. The golden cloud gives you 20 to 30 slay after you kill a bunch, but kinda risky, maybe if you had massive EV or regen. I can usually do vaults:5 in one cloud, especially with shield of the gong.
Go by stuffed grape leaves, because you sure don't have time to make them. Probably the only decent substitute for party food sans good stuff. Why no fake meat? You can do amazing stuff with daiya "cheese" and fake meats. BTW, Frank's Buffalo sauce from the bottle is vegan, but proper sauce is clearly half butter half Frank's red
Anyone know why xp potions give you more XL compared to skill levels you would have gotten from monster kill xp? I didn't mind on Ds, got last mutation, but if you drink potion at xl 26, you gain xl, but the skill gain was minimal.
Shield of the Gong makes every level like Vaults:5. If you can handle that, then fine.
The little town. I love the little town. You'll need probably 5 pots just to get back to maybe 3 good, most bad ones gone.
I was talking about Ds in general. Polearm is best if you fight in hallways. You need to decide which type of ancestor to compliment your build. By the time it comes online by Lair
Imagine the maintenance costs on this nonsense. Direct injectors, port injectors, "integrated" turbo, some constantly adjusting linkage motor. Now you have ECU handling different aktinson settings, non-atkinson, different compression and turbo for both modes. Two injector timings and variable valve timings... You thought VW cheated on emissions testing. Imagine how hard it would be to get accurate testing of this. I'm lost on the tiny amount of variable compression. Can't you just leave the intake valves open longer and get lower compression? If you start with 14:1 and leave valve open you can get down to 8:1. Is it wasting that much fuel? Wouldn't steady state you could adjust for that? Like one way intake air valves.
You need to Google your states consumer laws regarding auto repair, then document what you have in written estimates, what/when you paid anything, record your recollection or phone bill documents on when/what they have said. You should never deal with more than 5 days without daily updates. Google car make model year in warranty recalls. If they are crooked, they are using your van to drive around in daily and get parts. Otherwise they are incompetent. Get it towed immediately. Don't pay them, consultant a lawyer depending on state laws. Probably depending on what a lawyer says, take it to dealer to repair and send bill to this guy.
Kind of terrible idea. 10% cancel evolve AND... 20% delete bad 40% mutate existing good one level higher 40% mutate exisiting random mutation So after 10 rounds of getting a lot of XP you would expect the following: two less bad mutations, two or three increases in the exisiting bad mutations, five increases in good. Odds of getting rid of teleportitis are under 10%, if not making it worse.
I think you could only pick Ash after getting decent loot and enough remove curse scrolls, never wasting them, like after Lair. I think strongest point of gnoll is swapping weapons on the fly like a 10 aut rings for different resistances (assuming you find artefact weapons). Also, you can hit at ranged then switch to melee. So Ash only helps if you find early great armor and rings, or commit to one weapon. You can't transfer skills and you don't really care about the mapping, though you get decent stealth by default. Ru was interesting dropping three spell schools, though I'm pretty sure it doesn't help you gain skill xp faster.
HAHAHA! your dailywire link lists articulate long blog posts from TEN YEARS AGO! How desperate and pathetic is your life!
Russian or Mercer money?
In case no one said it, you should be able to use chisel to tap it around and out. Hit chisel to center of bolt then move angle higher so you are hitting in direction that unscrews it.
Your whole post is silly. Read lm386 datasheet. Default gain is 8, but you can modify it with external passives. Your DAC output goes to a potentiometer and you dial in input voltage to prevent clipping. Any reason you don't limit the DAC output range? Any reason to not include level shift and scale with additional opamp
You are a clueless reddit fan boy that some same thing about rights and suing. In most states you have almost no rights to employment and can be fired whenever for whatever. The exception is if you can prove it was because you were a minority or woman. (Not if you are gay or many other groups) A sheriff in most states can pick whatever deputies they want (depend on unions). And certainly fire a guy for running for his job.
