From the FB event page... &gt; Hoppy Anniversary to us! Join us as we celebrate our fourth anniversary Friday, June 19 and Saturday, June 20. &gt; We will be giving special commemorative glasses with our Wrecking Bar logo to the first 75 people through the doors Friday and Saturday. Come celebrate the Wrecking Bar Brewpub turning four! &gt; &gt; Beer list coming soon!
I knew I'd end up seeing this here. :)
Tower Piedmont.... &gt; Mexican Cake Update: Come by @TowerATL Piedmont from 8am - 11:45pm Tuesday 6/2 at register 1 to sign up for the lottery.
I understand the premise of your post but the issue here is there is always going to be someone that dislikes something that is popular for one reason or another. Like the aquarium, I love what they have there but it's always been a pain in the ass when I've gone because it's so crowded. I wouldn't skip it if you haven't been yet, but it can be a bitch to navigate.
I had this at BSP and at Three Taverns, IMO it's the best beer 3T has done so far and one of the better IPAs I've ever had. I really, really like this beer. I know everyone's palate is different but I would definitely say give it another shot some time. This is also a great example of how small changes can give you a totally different beer. I'd bet if you didn't know beforehand you'd never guess the only change between this and A Night in Brussels is the yeast.
I was wondering the same thing, I haven't seen/heard anything yet either.
I hope we don't hear of this one showing up in FL/AL/Etc. before GA like we have with the other Reserve releases. After the backlash on the last couple releases I'd have to think it was intentional if it happens again.
99x was the last great radio station I remember in Atlanta. I can't recall any specific song that was my favorite but I enjoyed most of it. I remember hanging out at the Atlanta Beer Garden for Resurrection Sunday. Good times.
I think it's neat to have local breweries included but have to agree that I just don't get the idea at all.
I really look forward to your insightful commentary on ATLbeer. Thanks for not disappointing.
&gt;they don't sell beer at Waho YET
Best. Interview. Ever.
Scott said he's still planning exactly how to do things. They've already got a drink cooler in the tasting room loaded with bombers and a note on it that says "Don't Open Until July 1st", so there's a hint at what we might see. The brewers and GCBG had a conference call yesterday to discuss what the regs say they can do and what they want to do, I imagine we'll hear more soon.
Like looking into a cloudless sky...
What's the preferred method there for heating/boiling?
Plastic fermenters are fine. That little Mr Beer fermentation barrel is actually handy for small, experimental batches. I know people rave about glass / stainless but I have several plastic fermenters and I make damn fine beer.
Looks like you had some replies but they were deleted, not sure if you got your answer. It's their Siberius Maximus imperial stout with vanilla, cocoa nibs and chiles added. Normally they release one keg on the 5th of the month for "Cinco de Siberius" at the brewpub. This is the first time I've seen it at a growler shop.
Had a buddy in from out of town last night and hit Wrecking Bar. Had a killer burger as well as their gose, saison, barrel-aged imperial red, and stout. Also tried Moon River Foras, amazing beer, try it if you get a chance. Sampling my homebrew ESB right now, pretty tasty. Doing the ATLbeer brew day and bottle share tomorrow and it looks like we've got a ton of amazing beers lined up for that.
SA and Koch are beer people to the core. He's a sharp business man but he's all about the community and he wants *everyone* to succeed. I don't think it's as much hate as it is indifference, a lot of self-proclaimed beer geeks don't reach for anything from SA because they want the next, latest, greatest, thing - and Sam Adams is too familiar. That's unfortunate because he's still making some great beers. In addition to helping people out during the hop shortage he also offers business mentoring and he has competitions for up-and-coming businesses to help them with funding. I've got a lot of respect for what they do.
I've bought grain by the bag via my local homebrew shop that they get as part of a large order with a local brewery. Everyone wins there. I'll pay $1.79/lb if I buy in small quantities but can drop that to $0.70/lb if I get a 50 lb bag. Saves me $10-$12 per recipe.
It sure is, I don't know why it doesn't get more hype. The burger itself is great but even the toppings are very high quality and fresh. My buddy saw mine and commented how red and fresh the tomato looked. Definitely a contender for best burger in town for me as well.
I'm going to this.
Although I'm sure there are some folks here that can give you pointers you'll likely get better info over at /r/nycbeer.
Thanks to all those that joined us for the event and huge thanks to Thomas at /u/SHBmarietta for hosting us. The brew day went well, to be honest Thomas did all the work while we drank - just the way I like it. The beer will be ready in about 6 weeks. Those that attended will get one 22 oz bottle each, once it's ready we'll work out logistics. So many amazing beers were shared. Highlights for me were the Wrecking Bar Mexican Siberius Maximus, Trillium Pier, HF Anna, Mexican Cake, Yazoo Deux Rouges, Epic Brainless on Cherries, and FW Velvet Mocha Merlin. **I know there were a lot of other pics taken so if you have some please post them up!**
LOL. /u/brianhewitt. He made sure it stayed in the pics. :)
Figured I'd drop this over here for anyone that hasn't discovered our amazing /r/atlbeer subreddit yet. We do monthly meetups - sometimes at a brewery for a tour/tasting, sometimes at a brewpub, sometimes for a bottle share, and sometimes we get to brew beer. So far we've brewed a batch on the pilot system at Red Brick and this time we brewed at Schoolhouse Beer &amp; Brewing in Marietta. We brewed a big saison that will get brandy-soaked tart cherries added to it. Come check out our sub, join us for a meetup, and if you're in the Marietta area and need beer or homebrew supplies check out Schoolhouse.
I don't brew the same recipes often and since many of my beers aren't "perfect" I tend to tweak them next time I brew them. That said I have a saison I really like and I've brewed it several times with consistent results. I haven't nailed a stout that I like yet, but I've got one in the keg now I think has potential. I also brewed a pumpkin ale last fall that was one of the best I've ever had, we said the real test there would be to see if we could do the same again. We'll find out in a few months!
Yes, I do. However sometimes I don't for one reason or another, never compared the taste between beers I do and don't cold-crash, I'll have to remember that.
Thanks. I do everything you mentioned with the exception of water chemistry so I'll start looking into that.
Thanks. I keg my beer but it's not a sealed transfer, I'll look into that. I buy the hops fresh and then vacuum seal and store in the freezer what I don't use. It looks like the next big thing here for me is to look at water chemistry.
You did try it! That's the reason you stayed later, I found it just as you were leaving and opened it up, even gave you the first pour because I knew you wanted to try it!
/u/rugglesby mentioned on Saturday we should do this, so here it is. I'll also add a link to our Wiki page.
I gotta get some of that Tritonia.
Most of my less hop-forward and lighter beers are better. I'm working on my methods for dark beers, malt bitterness and astringency have been an issue for me. I haven't monitored pH yet, but our club just bought a pH meter to share so I'll start looking into that more. Next brew is a Berliner Weisse. We take a lot of notes but each time I brew I think of something else I should start making notes on, continuously improving that aspect of our brewing. I've got a Mexican Imperial Stout in the keg right now that I think is going to be solid, just needs a bit more time. Also a American famhouse brett that's right at 2 months old, I used WLP670 on that one and I've heard 3-4 months is the sweet spot for it.
Correct. But they do plan to move to Atlanta as soon as they are able, they are looking at locations and brew equipment now.
&gt; Honey Mustard Saison I'm intrigued... but also a bit scared.
If it looks like we can definitely get 20 we'll lock in a date ASAP. As of right now how does 07/18 look for you?
How late do you work on Saturdays?
You're #1! You're #1!
OK, it seems the most popular answers here are, "Eric is dead.", which is quite possible. However, I have seen moths stay on the wall for days at a time and not move but if you blow on them or touch them they fly away, so what's up with that?
I'm experiencing a case of butthurt over this. It's happened with nearly every Reserve release that other states get it before GA and IMO that is unacceptable. I've heard this is the distributor and not Terrapin, and that may be, but whoever it is this needs to get worked out. It's kind of a slap in the face to the locals that support them daily to wait 2 or more weeks after other states for a beer release they hype up in their home market. It really sucks to go on Untappd and see check-ins from MD, PA, AL and I can't even buy the beer yet. I know it's just beer, and it's not like I'm going to lose sleep over this, but I want to support the GA breweries just as much as they want our support, and this isn't the way to do that.
Yes. I think that is the preferred method to check for signs of life.
I know that a brewery can't leave a distributor and if they do they can't get another for a set time, but I don't think it is 5 years. Coors isn't a distributor so I'm not sure where that came from. They have a handful of distributors in GA, in the Atlanta area it's United.
&gt; because their events sucked Where the heck did you get that? I always heard Hotoberfest was one of the best events in Atlanta.
I don't drink it as a beer. Even without the alcohol it is a damn good root beer.
There have been 142 check-ins this month. One guy in PA said he had 6 bottles and would open his first tomorrow. Label approval may be the issue here, and I'm sure everyone would be OK with that if it wasn't for the fact that the same thing has happened with other Reserve releases. AFAIK this hasn't happened with any other GA breweries, so why does it happen so often with Terrapin?
What all do you take notes on during your brewday? I'm working in improving my process and I take a lot of notes as is, trying to see if I'm leaving anything out.
Nice. So we should see it on shelves here in time for Christmas.
The fact they scored a 52 then a 44 on the re-inspection shows they just don't give a shit.
We'll do that once we are sure we can get a group together.
1 or 2. :)
[The owner of Caution Brewing sent a response and they posted that.](https://www.facebook.com/EvilTwinBrewing/posts/931832096859398) He basically said the guy went on a rant and they didn't agree with his opinion. I'm also of the mindset that you can set whatever price you want and people can choose to buy it or not. I can get bombers of Sweetwater Happy Ending for $5-$6 here in GA, which I think is a great value. I do get a bit annoyed seeing similar beers for $15+. However, I know that Sweetwater has grown to the size they have volume on their side to help pricing, and a lot of nano/micro breweries do not. If the $15 beer is one I really want I'll buy it, but I pass a lot of those up.
They do bottle but I'm not sure if they distribute out of GA yet. My favorite from them is Eschaton, quad aged with wine soaked oak. It's a great beer.
Essentially yes, because in order to change distributors they have to leave the market for X years (pretty sure it's 2 years, not positive) which no brewery can do and still stay in business.
I've heard many people recommend the book [The Brewers Association's Guide to Starting Your Own Brewery](http://www.amazon.com/Brewers-Associations-Guide-Starting-Brewery/dp/1938469054/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1434063716&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=Guide+to+Starting+Your+Own+Brewery) as an excellent resource. It's authored by Dick Cantwell, founder of Elysian.
Dinner time'ish. I'm thinking 6-7?
I wondered how that Tunes from the Tombs event was. Your saison sounds really good.
Taproom Coffee in Atlanta follows this concept. http://www.taproomcoffee.com
You hiring?
I was speaking to a local brewer the other day and he said that one of the things he enjoyed most about homebrewing was the social aspect of it. Their homebrew got very popular and on brew days they'd have a garage full of people. He said the popularity is what made him believe they could do it professionally. He said, "So we did, and now come here and brew alone." Not all bad though, they are in a smaller community and have a nice tasting room and they always hang out and chat with people about the beer and brewing. But the day-to-day aspect of brewing the beer is very much a job and not remotely close to how social homebrewing is.
AFAIK the only one before this that was scented was the ~~Cinnamon Roll'd~~ French Toast WnB.
None of those fit my skill set but I am a technical recruiter so if you need help finding candidates for those spots let me know. ;)
Actually that's the one I was thinking of, not CR WnB.
I shot Steve a message when this was posted and he said the 2014 was 100% barrel-aged in 2nd use Buffalo Trace Barrels, is that incorrect?
I'm removing this thread for now. OP has said they aren't able to post any ISOs until much later. I've already let them know they can repost once they get that together. As /u/mateoloco mentioned we don't want this to be an auction, especially if OP is not able to respond to posts of people that are interested in trading.
I think people would eventually figure it out if all the breweries do the same thing, but it's going to be hella confusing if each brewery sets up their system differently.
Right, which gives us and the breweries some flexibility. We don't have to go in and decide right away if we want some beer to take home. We can get the "Tasting Tour" then if we find a beer we like we can get another "Souvenir Tour" to take some home. This is good.
While I agree I don't think Hunah will cause a shit show on its own with the other beers that are on this list I do have to say that it's one of the few I think lives up to the hype.
Figures. I ordered one this morning for $15.99. Oh well, not a huge difference.
The hop compounds react with light and produce sulphuric compounds very similar to skunk spray. However the beer in the bottle is hopped so it is the beer getting skunked, you can't separate the two.
I'm going to go with him on Monday and try to change these stats.
Cool, I didn't know they did that.
I agree, I don't have an issue with a bucket and some ice and a picnic tap. At $700 I don't see the value/benefit in this at all.
The BANDITO is shady as hell, there's no telling where he might show up.
I recently brewed a Mexican Imperial Stout, it's delicious. It's also 410 calories per 12 oz.
I use a program called Beersmith and it calculates the calories based on the recipe.
Not sure if this is your issue but I found out there was one channel my antenna wouldn't pick up because it was UHF only. Might want to see if your antenna is UHF/VHF and see if that applies to Fox.
Good news... no samples at the Midnight event. You'll be able to drive home totally sober, with bottles of BHB. :)
I think this is confirmed based on comments from Molly at The Porter and /u/barrelandzachary, both have said they have the Alpine beers on the way. &gt; The Porter will also have the 6 Alpine Beer sent to GA on draft this Thursday. &gt; Cheers, &gt; Molly I've heard of the beers but don't think I've tried anything from them, the ratings are stellar, I'll have to check them out.
No one likes those people.
Worst of the worst.
...says the 3 month old Redditor. *OMIGOD DAE MISS THE GOOD OLD DAZE!?!??!?!* (March)
My homebrew club did a malt tea tasting on Friday, all base grains. We were surprised how much difference there was between them. We tasted Rahr 2-row and Briess 2-row and they were very noticeably different.
&gt; **Cigar City Brewing** These are premium growlers that cost well more than $50 just to get into our hands. We will have more budget-friendly options, but this is a special occasion with a very good premium growler.
You're assigned one at birth, at least that's how I got mine.
Huh? You're just buying a beer flight.
True, I just imagine most of the people that would show up for this are going because they like those types of beers. Will definitely be interesting to see the results.
Oxygenating is definitely worth it, I noticed a huge difference in my beer after adding this step. Howe are you oxygenating? I recently changed my process after reading an article (in BYO, I think?) about it. I used to turn my regulator up full blast thinking the more O2 the better, this caused a lot of foaming and bubbles. The article stated you want to oxygenate very slowly, ideally not getting any bubbles escaping the top, as that is O2 leaving your beer, and you want it all to stay in the batch. It makes sense now that I think about it, I just didn't think about that before.
I'll second the recommendations for Three Taverns. Might see if you can find a bottle of their Departed Spirit still around. Not local beers but based on what's mentioned he would definitely like La Trappe Quad or Gulden Draak.
I've been brewing for a couple years and have done probably 35 batches, I do from scratch / all-grain. I've got a buddy that always brews with me and we usually have a few more join us, we make it a social thing and usually bottle share as well. It's a good time.
I thought about that as well but I figure if they even got to the point of getting an offer from SC it shows they were looking at options that included leaving GA. It does say in the article that Terrapin wants to stay in GA. Seems to me that Terrapin is operating more as a business first / brewery second now than they have in the past.
A ton of reading/researching, a lot of trial and error, a lot of mediocre to shitty batches of beer. A lot of people get frustrated if they don't make great beer right out of the gate but like anything else it takes time to learn the right things to do. There's a lot of science involved in getting everything to happen at it's best. I think most of my beer is pretty good now, and some of it is really good. I've won a few medals for some of my brews. I just brewed a Mexican Stout that is awesome, a couple friends say it's as good as or better than Mexican Cake, however they may be biased since 1) they're my friends and 2) free beer! :)
I'm totally serious.
I can't find any info on what they are actually doing or where they are stopping. The Atlanta link on their website only has a place to sign up for the email list. The website does mention a Bud Light t-shirt, so I'm guessing most of the beer will be along those lines. For those interested, here is the [Groupon link.](https://www.groupon.com/deals/bacon-and-beer-crawl-by-keep-crawling-9)
It was REALLY bad hail.
I live in GA, on July 1st we'll be able to take home beer directly from a brewery for the first time in recent history. However... the law is written where the breweries cannot directly sell us the beer. We can buy a tour package that comes with a "free souvenir" of up to 72 oz of beer. It sounds ridiculous, because it is, but it is pretty awesome that we'll finally be able to take home beer from the breweries.
Now it's a party.
Seriously. It will be a spectacle in the most glorious way possible.
It's stated in the article that, if the deal were to happen, Terrapin would commit to creating 25 jobs with a median income of $30k over the next 6 years. It also states that Terrapin would agree to invest $12MM on their own for expansion. So for the $1.7MM they agree to provide jobs that will equate to $750k/yr in wages within 6 years. They'll also pay taxes and give benefits to these employees, THAT is what they are doing for their part of the deal - investing in the community through the creation of jobs.
Just Google "how to build a keezer". There are literally hundreds of results.
If you can get the New Holland Incorrigible it's a great value, like $4-$5 for a bomber. Looks like it didn't make their rankings, but I think it's a pretty great beer.
I've never heard that stat about the gun right, and I live one town over from Kennesaw. However Kennsaw in general is a pretty chill suburban town, I doubt there was ever much of a home invasion rate. The law about gun ownership is on the books, but as you might expect it's not something they enforce.
Pretty simple recipe on this one with 85% pilsner and 15% wheat plus 1 lb of Simplicity syrup. FWH addition of 1/2 oz Hallertauer, 60 min addition of 1/2 oz Saaz, and 10 min steep of 1 oz Mosaic at FO. I used WLP670 American Farmhouse with Brett. Started fermentation at 72° and ramped up over 5 days to 85° for another 9 days. Transferred to secondary at let it set for 10 weeks, bottled it yesterday.
Oops, I thought I put the strain in my first post, edited it to add that. No acidity. Very clean, fruity and funky, bit of spiciness, dry finish.
WLP670 is a blend with Brett, they won't say what what strains are in it. EDIT: Oops, I thought I put the strain in my first post, edited it to add that.
DPrimary was done in my ferm chamber. Transferred over pretty full in the carboy and purged with CO2. I checked gravity 3 weeks ago and no sign of a pellicle, left it alone until yesterday and was pretty surprised myself at the pellicle since there was no hint at anything 3 weeks ago. Fermenter is a Better Bottle with basic airlock.
Yes, it was supposed to happen. It's not mold. I don't know all the differences in mold vs a fungal/bacterial pellicle but note how clean and white this is, mold will be green/black. When brewing beers with brettanomyces or bacterial strains (like pediococcus or lactobacillus) a pellicle can, but doesn't always, form.
This is my first time brewing with Brett. Others said I must have had a lot of oxygen intake to get a pellicle like this. When I transferred I purged with CO2 and 3 weeks ago there was no sign of a pellicle. Only time I can think that oxygen could have gotten in is when I checked gravity 3 weeks ago.
1.010 or 1.001? If it's at 1.001 it's pretty dry. What was your target gravity? Whatever the gravity, wait a few ~~days~~ weeks and check it again. If it's the same then you know it's completed fermentation and if not then it hasn't, check it again in a few ~~days~~ until you get two readings back to back that are the same. (**EDIT:** As pointed out by /u/franzn, a few days is not enough wait time between readings for a sour due to how slowly they ferment. I have been told 3-4 weeks between readings on sours, but I am a newb so other may have better input in how long you really should wait between readings.) If fermentation isn't complete and you add priming sugar and bottle you'll overcarbonate and risk bottle bombs, which at best make a mess and at worst can seriously injure someone.
OMG DID YOU GUYS EVER FIND EACH OTHER?!?!?!
Good point, I was thinking traditional yeast.
OP we need to hear what you ending up doing and how the trip went!
[See here.](http://www.reddit.com/r/Homebrewing/comments/3befru/pellicle_on_my_brett_saison/csllpaq) Not a bad batch, an infected batch, however this one was intentionally infected with Brettanomyces so a pellicle can happen and is not a sign of a bad beer. This applies to all sour beers brewed the Brettanomyces, Pediococcus, or Lactobacillus. They can form a pellicle when exposed to oxygen. Mine was fine when I checked gravity 3 weeks ago, I assume I let enough oxygen in at that time to feed this pellicle. When others post their clean beers and ask "is this infected?" something has made it's way into the beer that they didn't want. You'll notice a lot of the time when someone does get an infected batch people will tell them to taste it and if it tastes good to let it go and see how it turns out. Most of the time an accidental infection won't produce good results, but sometimes you get lucky. A batch infected with controlled fungus/bacteria can produce a very tasty and complex beer.
I use an inline RV water filter and a drinking water hose (Important! Don't use a regular garden hose!) and get all my water from the outside tap.
Thanks for the info. I'm fascinated by the scientific aspect of brewing even though a lot of it is over my head. Even with all that we do with beer now I'm sure there are many undiscovered ways we could make amazing brews. That is a sexy pellicle, isn't it? :)
Thanks for the tip, I hadn't thought about that. I normally brew 1-2x a month so perhaps I could get something to store it in with water. The filter comes with rubber caps, do you think capping after use would be sufficient?
Yep, the laws are crazy. Every state has their crazy laws, you couldn't legally homebrew in AL until about a year ago. However, it is a step in the right direction and is a HUGE change for the brewers of GA. Sure not where we should be or want to be, but it's a start.
Yep, that's pretty much what I said on my Facebook comment on the post. IMO Wrecking Bar is making some of the best beer in GA and if you're not familiar with what beer to pair with your meal I'm sure they'll give you some suggestions, but it's not fair to blame it on your beer selection.
Dammit, this is going to cut into my beer money.
&gt; 6oz more on-premises beer tasting than previously allowed 4 oz more, it was 32 oz.
[My dog sleeping.](http://i.imgur.com/U3Rh6lp.jpg)
I'm going to see what everyone else says then go there an hour earlier than that.
Dammit.
Both!
I just spoke to Scott and got some clarification here. If anyone wants to TRADE bottles that is fine but we CANNOT OPEN anything in the parking lot.
Exactly, and we're seeing the other side of what that brings. Same thing happens now with bottle releases at retail. I'm going tonight for the fun of it and I hope to get some vintage beers, but I'm not going to let that ruin having some fun and being part of something historic for GA beer.
I agree with all of what you said except this part. &gt; Avoid... (2) yeast-forward styles of beer (requires at least intermediate skill and extra equipment or DIY methods for fermentation temp control) such as saisons Saisons are actually a great first style to brew as 1) They have relatively simple grain bills, 2) they aren't a hop forward style and don't require a lot of attention with additions, and 3) they can ferment at room temperature without any temp control. You can get more character at higher temps (I ferment at 85-90F) but a saison fermented at a room temp of 72-75F can still be a very good beer.
Dude, this is not hard at all and it's been posted in here on a few different threads. Tour + 1 bottle of Zeke/Cannon Dragger/Big Shanty will cost you $5, just $5. If you want the other beers then you pay the prices listed for those beers. EDIT: Thought I was replying to /u/Spongemage... but this goes for you too, mateoloco!!!
You clickbaited me with that Wicked Weed mention. I'll never forgive you for this.
I didn't think it was that confusing. There were prices posted and it had been mentioned earlier that tonight was a bottle release only. Scott has been posting various updates in the threads here and I guess if you didn't see each post things could seem confusing/broken. Like Divo mentioned I have another thread on here now covering the pricing breakdown with some examples, hopefully that will clear up any confusion. Apologies if I was short in my previous comments on this, I did think everything was pretty clear and that questions were addressed but it seems that was not the case for several people.
I had no idea what you were talking about at first then I saw it. 2105 Killdozer won't be released until next year. Buy your futures now! :) PS - I fixed it.
About time for bed, fun night tonight with lots of great beer and great friends. Happy New Year! Here's to an awesome 2016!
https://twitter.com/99x/status/682788104659308544
AM 920!
Load up the iHeartRadio app and you'll be good to go!
Thanks! We're excited to get things kicked off!
Exactly.
Thanks so much for checking us out!
You got it. Each week I'll post a reminder and a show synopsis, then once it airs I'll add a link to the stream.
Thanks, Dan! We really appreciate it!
Emergence should be coming to bottles soon, is that the one you're thinking of? It's a wine barrel tart blonde.
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed the show!
Thanks! I appreciate you giving us a listen.
To the first point, refrigeration can definitely slow an infection but it may not stop it from growing all together. As far as refrigerating adjunct stouts that's going to be totally up to the individual. Spices, coffee, and booziness can fade with time, especially at warmer temps. If you drink a beer and think it's right at the perfect spot for you then throw any others you have in the refrigerator to slow any changes. Again, this will slow but not stop the beer from changing. However if you try one and it doesn't seem quite where you want it (too much coffee, too boozy, too much pepper heat) then store it warmer to allow the changes to take place a bit quicker. Cellar temp is preferred (~55F) but if you can't do that then just put in the coolest and darkest place you can. It's interesting to see how changes happen over time. Some beers lose all their magic, and other become phenomenal. I had a 2013 BHB Kolb's Farm about 6 months ago and it was perfect, but I also had a Westbrook 4th around the same time and it was a shadow of its former self.
Made a batch of spiced pomegranate mead yesterday, went to a bottle share, then caught [Puddles Pity Party](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX0zCA7Fe6I) at Smith's Olde Bar. He puts on a great show.
Thank you! We figure a lot of our listeners will be streaming or the podcast. I'll post each week over on /r/ATLbeer the day before the show with a synopsis of what we'll cover then post up a link to the stream once that's available. All past shows will be on our site as well as iTunes/Soundcloud/some other apps.
Yo OP, you left personal info on there. Check Rule 2.
I spoke with the bill's sponsor, Rep. Brett Harell, last week. He's bringing it up again in this session which convenes on 01/11. Rep. Harrell and the GRA will hold a Twitter chat on 01/11 from 3-4PM to answer any questions about the bill, use the hashtag #BrunchBillChat to participate. I'll be in touch with Rep. Harrell throughout the session and I'll cover the progress of the bill on [Beer Guys Radio](http://beerguysradio.com/). Our show on 01/09 will focus on the state of beer laws in GA - where we stand now and what's coming in this session.
Thanks, Matt! Glad you enjoyed the show!
They're not fresh but you should be able to get most of these at a homebrew supply shop. Brew Depot in Alpharetta is really good about carrying things like this. I know there are some good shops ITP as well but not sure what all they carry.
Dantanna's has a few craft beer selections, if he's a cigar smoker as well then Buckhead Cigar is in the back of Dantanna's. There's Bucket Shop Cafe and Elbow Room on Pharr. Elbow Room has really good pizza and is a pretty decent dive bar. An oddball is Bhojanic, great Indian food and a pretty good craft list. They have Tropicalia on tap a lot of the time and even did a CCBC beer dinner there once.
Hey, /u/JerseyinATL look at that Sexual Chocolate on the list...
I've had it on draft and a couple times from bottles, the draft pour I had was amazing but the bottles were meh. I didn't get any sourness in the ones I tried, but they definitely weren't right. This is a huge mess up for GI, a brewery their size + backed by Big Beer really doesn't have room for errors like this. They should have quality control measures in place to prevent this from happening, especially on such a large scale.
Haha, yeah... We'll continue to polish it up. With me being totally new to radio I'll have to get in my groove. This was also the first show we did where we had a producer (and he is awesome) to take care of the audio for us. Thanks for listening!
What did you learn? What are you changing up?
Cool. Interested to hear how this goes for you.
I knew any comments like this would be downvoted, unfortunately. It's kind of funny to me that everyone in here is bitching about the shitty drivers in Atlanta and saying what a hero OP is... I think I see why there are so many shitty drivers in Atlanta. So let's say the Acura driver was 100% in the wrong here. Letting him in would have helped traffic flow and it would have taken OP exactly 1 car length longer to get where they're going. Instead they lay on the horn, slam the brakes, and force the Acura to drive further (but slower) in that lane, probably backing up traffic behind them, and making traffic as a whole worse. I think they got 2 birds with 1 stone for their bad drivers YouTube channel.
Not with that attitude.
&gt; We're offering 22 oz bottle souvenirs of three barrel aged Vanilla Gorilla variants: Four Roses and Buffalo Trace Bourbon, and a very limited batch of brandy barrel aged VG (25 bottles). We'll also have a wax dipping station for you to customize your bottles. Limit 3 per person.
I went in 2014 and the bottle sharing inside was one of the highlights of the event. There were a couple people that were smashed, but you'd have that with our without the bottle share.
Added.
I realize with some people it's not intentional. As an example I have few hundred beers in my cellar and that's really throwing a dart to see what the other person wants if I don't have some direction to work towards. I've had someone go back and forth with me for days and then say they didn't want any of what I have. You don't have to list specific beers but at least try to limit it to a couple styles.
I'm reading Atlanta Beer right now, I've got Prohibition in Atlanta on deck.
Toughen up, Buttercup.
:) Tis true, I traded some messages with the Jason (owner of Liberator) and this is what he told me.
I have a test I've developed for checking this, it's foolproof. I first place the aged beers in a cooling chamber until they reach 40-55F, depending on the specific product I'm testing. Once optimal temperature is reached I remove the containers from the cooling chamber and using a small pry bar I remove the seal, some containers may require the use of a pointed, spiral steel for this step. At this stage certain samples may react with the environment and self-decant. In this case it is usually an indicator of bacterial infection, however if a sample is salvageable I will usually continue to the next steps of the testing process. This part can be tricky, so make sure to wear you lab coat and goggles, then carefully decant some of the sample into a glass receptacle. Avoid using plastic as this can negatively impact the sample. Once an acceptable sample size has been decanted to your receptacle observe the sample and note any irregular foaming and look for the presence of debris in the sample. Carefully test the aroma of the sample and note any unpleasantness. Finally, and this is important, gently raise the receptacle and pour a small quantity into your mouth hole. Note the taste and texture and whether or not both are appropriate for the sample you are testing. If anything unpleasant is noticed discard the sample and repeat the test with 10 or 12 others. Works every time.
It's probably in the best interest of the sub if we just ban you. Cool?
Can confirm.
FYI, this was [posted yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/atlbeer/comments/3zg3b2/2nd_anniversary_draft_lineup_for_my_friends/).
Nooooo.....
I just heard last night that they fall into a similar category as wineries with the agricultural provision and should be able to sell out of their tasting room because of this. I don't recall the details but believe it was said they have a farm in North GA or source from a farm there.
I think about this one a lot. My brain can't wrap it's head around either scenario.
Hater.
Suh-weet! Thank you for your support of r/ATLbeer! Looking forward to enjoying many awesome beers with you guys this year.
I bet if they tried they could find some other GA beers to replace that Lone Rider. ;)
A bit more info from Foothills... &gt; We've started with two Market Managers to better cover the GA market, so we've decided to go state wide right off the bat. Most events next week are ATL centric, but there's an event in McDonough at 15th St Pizza and out in Athens at Trappeze. More focus outside the perimeter is guaranteed to follow with regular stops in Albany, Macon, Savannah, Blue Ridge, etc.
Not sure if that's even set yet. Sounds like GA distro may be a plan but not necessarily happening ASAP.
Gimme a break, man.
I broke out a special brew this week as we were recording Beer Guys Radio and talking with GCBG about beer laws - a [2014 Killdozer I got at BHB's Midnight release on July 1st](http://i.imgur.com/oy972Wg.png). That was such an awesome day, everyone was so excited about what was coming up, until the DoR dropped a dreamcrusher 3 months later. The Killdozer was seriously one of the best beers I've ever had.
Thanks, I added them to the list.
I'm sure we'll get a better feel for that after 01/11. :)
Not quite. The new law was very clear that none of the beer from a brewery was a sale, all of it was given as "free souvenirs".
Great story, glad to see they were able to get that accomplished. The grassroots effort here will be very important as well. As more info comes out the GCBG will be releasing Calls to Action to get the public involved. Even though SB63 was not ideal, it was a huge step forward, and the grassroots support was crucial to getting that passed.
That was big item mentioned when last year's bill was on the table. In addition to Austin and Portland our neighbors in FL and NC see the same tourism revenue. [Here's an example of what better laws could do for tourism.](http://www.mlive.com/beer/2015/10/craft_beer_tourism_boasts_12_m.html) An economic impact study of the Grand Rapids MI area showed beer tourism had a $12.23 Million annual economic impact. More than 42,000 beer tourists visit annually and spend $7.05 Million directly at craft breweries. 13,000 of those visitors are from outside the state. In addition they calculated 14,000 hotel nights at an average of $148/night. On our show Nancy Palmer gives some statistics on other states vs GA as far as beer jobs go and shows that changes here could drop the unemployment rate from 5.9% to 5.6%, just in the craft beer industry alone.
A few people have way too much power in GA. This is crony capitalism. There are a few families that were born wealthy and still hold a lot of clout in the state. It's time to put an end to that.
This show is for you, then. Aaron talks a bit about drinking beer to improve your health!
Once the bill hits and we see who will handle it then calling your legislators will be the first step. As things progress there may be specific items or people that need addressed. We'll make sure to cover it all on beerguysradio.com and I also post everything on r/atlbeer. So for now, just stay tuned!
Looks like most people enjoy it, I do not. As a matter of fact I enjoyed it the least of any beer fest I've been to. It's crowded and the way they had tables set last time I went put some of them in a corner in an L-shape, so you had lines of people running perpendicular to each other. People were pushing and getting upset thinking others were cutting them off. Most any beer that was limited or special release was gone almost immediately, so you had the basic offerings that every other fest has. It was a pretty unpleasant experience and I wouldn't attend again.
Once the bill hits I'll give an overview of what it contains, contact your reps and let them know you support it and why. As the bill progresses there may be specific people or items we need to address so we may have certain call-to-action activities throughout the process. The biggest thing we'll need to do is be heard, let legislators know that their constituents support these changes.
WOTP!
I don't think 2 and 3 can both happen.
I thought it was pretty good even a couple months ago, being a sour I could see it getting even better with a bit more age.
Brewing today, hope to have it ready for Peach State. Trying my hand at a NE IPA. Using Golden Promise as the base with some wheat and a bit of corn. Cascade and Chinook for bittering then Azacca, Galaxy, Jarrylo, and Lemon Drop for aroma and a trip to flavor town.
That's a tricky question... I wanted to use Omega DIPA (Conan) but I couldn't find a single shop that had it in Atlanta, not fresh anyhow. May go with an English ale strain. One place has a pack of the Omega from July and I'm considering grabbing that and stepping it up. Need to run the numbers on it to see though.
Wake N Bake and Moo Hoo trade OK for other market seasonals. This is a limited run of a mixed pack so that will bump it up some. I got HF Birth of Tragedy and Twilight of the Idols for a couple reserves once. What will really decide on the trade value here is how good they are once they get out. Terrapin does stouts pretty well so I'm hoping for good things.
Thanks man! As time allows we want to feature local homebrewers. A lot of great homebrew out there and I'm sure we'll see a lot of these guys as the next generation of pro brewers.
[I got you covered...](http://beerguysradio.com/2016/01/09/show-2-the-state-of-brewing-2016/)
[You shouldn't take Goody powders for a hangover.](http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/news/20131104/tylenol-and-alcohol-a-bad-mix-study-suggests) Acetamenophen and alcohol don't play well together and can cause liver and/or kidney damage. Goodys used to be my preferred pain killer as well.
I've used Denny's Favorite before and was happy with the results, used in a session rye pale ale. We had a hell of a time finding yeast, ended up going with 007.
A couple comments on this... 1) There are many times that hops can be added to a beer. 3 is a general guidelines but you could have staggered additions throughout the boil as well as dry hop additions in the fermenter. Also the newer trend in hop-bursting where there's a bittering addition and a final late addition, then possibly dry hops as well. 6) BITTERNESS can be measured, not hoppiness. I hear a lot of people say they don't like hoppy beers when what they generally means is they don't like bitter beers. There's a big difference in bitterness and hoppiness.
Welllll...... &gt; Do not drink alcohol while taking naproxen. Alcohol can increase your risk of stomach bleeding caused by naproxen. Call your doctor at once if you have symptoms of bleeding in your stomach or intestines.
Didn't you just say like 2 days ago that you'd cut back to session ales? How long was that damn session???
Pretty much exactly what we said. As we work together more and get better at reading each other we'll get the flow down. PS... *lose ;)
I believe I see a difference in the perceived bitterness in the beer. I've done the standard 60 minute as well as FWH. IMO the FWH seems to be more smooth, not as biting as a standard 60 min addition.
Golden Promise, White Wheat, Carapils, Acidulated, flaked corn, Cascade, Chinook, Azacca, Jarrylo, Galaxy, and Lemon Drop. I wanted to use Omega DIPA but couldn't find it. All the shops that carry Omega were out.
That was my thinking as well. I wanted tons of juicy fruit with a bit of pine in the back. I really like the Jarrylo, actually did a single hop beer with it and we killed 5 gallons in about 2 hours!
We did a split batch with S04 and S05. I liked the S05 version better but both were good. Pear and citrus were dominant, some apple in the S04 version.
Just have a seat right over therrrrrrre.
Thanks for doing this, KP!
&lt;checks car&gt;
Thanks, I appreciate it! Every day? That would be awesome.
This will have to go through all the steps of a regular bill. House, Senate, committees, votes.
From what I've been told that's not clear, just some speculation on the source.
I missed this one last year but it sounds like a great beer.
It will be quite a battle. Wholesalers are already not happy about it and making false accusations of what this would do to them. When I see these bills I always start dreaming of the fantasy land where it passes as written, but then I try to bring myself down to Earth and remember there will most definitely be negotiating here. I was chatting with a friend this morning that lives in OH and he mentioned a can release at Hoof Hearted last weekend that had people lined up in the snow to get the beer, also that they are opening a brewpub close to him. Must be nice.
My opinion is these two really won't affect each other much. This bill is between different segments of the industry and the Brunch Bill is more a battle with old-south mindsets towards alcohol consumption, especially since it specifically applies to Sundays. Most metro Atlanta districts are likely to support the Brunch Bill but rural Georgia may be a different story.
GRA won't be fighting for the Beer Bill the way they will the Brunch Bill but they did issue a statement of support for the Beer Jobs Bill last year.
Please tell Steve and the crew that this year's Vanilla Gorilla is amazing and I want it to never change from whatever was done this year.
&gt; RebelBrewer.com I use these guys a lot if I can't find what I want locally. Getting the order in 1-2 days is really nice.
I have some GoP and I *think* I got them locally, just can't recall where.
There is no way that cheeseburger is going to fit through that slingshot.
[Check this out.](https://beerandbrewing.com/VKm9gisAAF-R_rap/article/beer-pairings-for-girl-scout-cookies)
http://i.imgur.com/RjhgRow.gif?noredirect
*"If you look to your right you'll see The ATLbeer Sidebar with a host of exciting information, to your left you'll see the famed upvote arrow... please enjoy your stay!"*
Nice write up and interesting to think about. I have to say though I don't think there's any way this bill will avoid the RI committee. I hope I'm wrong.
I've been is sales for 15 years, I organize events with companies and individuals, and I host a radio show where I interview guests. I have to be on the phone or behind a mic a lot. So here's my advice based on my experience. * Relax - This is key. I'm sure you're thinking, "Sure, if I could do that I'd be fine!", so let me give you some tips to help with this one... * Be prepared - There's no way that you'll know everything about your job, and it's OK if others are more knowledgeable than you. Just be as prepared as you can be as it pertains to your job. Strive to learn more and be a better you each day. * Things won't always go to script - Have your script or bullet points ready but be prepared to deviate from that. For example, if a customer asks you a question that's not on your script it's OK to say, "Could you give me just a moment to find this information for you?" Then when you find that out you'll have that piece of information ready for next time someone asks. Over time you'll build up your knowledge. * It's OK to not know something - Reiterating what I said above. You can't know everything about everything, but you can learn. If a customer asks you a question and you can look it up quickly then ask them politely to give you a moment to do so. If it may take a little longer for you to get the information say something like, "I apologize but I don't have that information available right now. Would it be OK if I research this and get back with you?" * Be courteous - This is a simple one but very important. If you are courteous when dealing with people they'll be much more relaxed in dealing with you, making it much easier for you to speak with them. * Be ready for angry customers - I'm not sure what business you're in but most businesses with phone support will occasionally have angry customers. Just remember the points above and try not to lose your cool. If you're calm and respectful with someone, and let them know you understand their frustration, you can usually work things out. * Don't overthink things - I can tell from your post that you're working yourself up over "what if" situations. That will drive you insane and make and task more difficult if you're worried about every scenario that could go wrong. Things will go wrong, you'll stumble over your words, you'll not have some info ready, a customer will get upset... and all of that is OK. Don't stress yourself out thinking about what might go wrong. Good luck, OP. Making / receiving phone calls can be stressful, but with some planning and a good attitude it gets better.
Will do. If you've got internet in them there hills you can stream us live via our site or iHeartRadio, just seach AM 920 Atlanta on the app/site.
Paging /u/respectable_dan /u/woodagedcreature ...
This will be tough to get done with PseudoSue being a regular release from TG.
[Here's a link to the stream.](https://soundcloud.com/beer-guys-radio/owen-ogletree-and-truck-and-tap-11616)
* Beer Guys Radio - Episode 3 * http://beerguysradio.com/2016/01/16/beer-show-3-truck-and-tap/ * Clean * Craft beer show focused on the US state of Georgia. Topic this week is the changes in GA beer over the last 20 years. Live at Truck &amp; Tap (beer bar / food trucks) and our guests this week are Owen Ogletree (founder of Brewtopia Events), Zach Yurchuck (Truck &amp; Tap), and Spencer Nix (Reformation Brewery). [Website](http://beerguysradio.com/2016/01/16/beer-show-3-truck-and-tap/) | [iTunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/beer-guys-radio-show/id1062108530?mt=2) | [Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/beer-guys-radio/owen-ogletree-and-truck-and-tap-11616) | [Stitcher](http://www.stitcher.com/s?eid=42111053)
Did something happen with some beer tickets today? I heard rumors but can't find any info.
Yes. Definitely.
I could tell you the impression I got from him, but I don't want to crush your dreams.
http://i.imgur.com/vWW5Zjr.jpg
&gt; The Dunkelweizen doesn't sound like a lager if it's estery (banana) and phenolic (clove), nor should it be as it's not a lager style. Totally my mistake as I did think dunkelweizen was a lager style. Thanks.
I think it's generally more yes than no when it comes to the core of beer geekdom and the attitude towards pislner, marzen, etc. There's a lot to appreciate in these styles if they are done well, but there are not many people doing them well, and not many craft beer drinkers seeking them out. There is a small backlash against the imperial/barrel type beers, but the best of them still sell very well, or sell out all together.
Well that was a brutal 4 days of unemployment. Got an offer today and accepted, I'll be running the staffing division for a local wireless services company. This calls for a celebration.
You know /u/bhb_will is just going to take all the recipes and add O' to them. BTW, let me know when he officially leaves so we can ban his username.
Right, now I have to make the tough decision of what to open!
Has anyone seen Vanilla Gorilla bottles in the Woodstock/Kennesaw/Marietta area? I've had no luck, and I need some.
Seems like they're popping up at the ITP or near-ITP places. Maybe I'll have to extend my search.
Same. I've checked them all. No love for Woodstock from /u/redbrickbrewing. ;(
Talked with the Green Flash rep, Palate Wrecker is on hiatus for 2016.
Thanks! I went to Lucky's yesterday and they said they didn't have any, that one's close so I'll give them another shot.
Nope, don't know that part.
There were A LOT more than I realized. Nice to see so many offerings here.
It's too soon, you gotta wait til tomorrow!
I hope you're not serious, because that most definitely would not he helpful.
Let me clarify as I made assumptions in my last post. I hope everyone knows that the Guild is undoubtedly doing all they can to make this happen. However, ultimately, this is in Stephens's hands right now. The Wholesalers and the Guild are both fighting for their interests but Stephens is in control of what happens next. Several people got all over the Guild last year, and it looks like some are coming out of the gate with a negative attitude towards them this year, I don't really get that. Since we're one of the last states in the country to have direct sales I think we know going in this is a tough fight. The Guild is a relatively young and small organization. However from talking with several members they are busting their asses to make positive change happen here, and many of them are donating their time to do so.
That's a lotta barrels.
Referring to the session IPA and session pale ale it's really a grey area and likely comes down to whatever the brewery decides to call it. IBU and hop character could play into it, but there really is no clear cut line between session Pale Ale and IPA. This is a big generalization but for Pale Ale, IPA, and DIPA... Pale Ale will have noticeable hop presence but balanced with the maltiness, ABV will typically be ~6% or lower. IPA will have a more assertive hop presence and bitterness plus higher ABV, but less than 7.5%, balance is definitely hop-forward. DIPA is going to be very assertive on the hop profile and can have a heavier malt presence, ABV will be above 7.5%. However you get into specialty styles of each of these and it blurs the lines even more, like with what people consider West Coast IPA or NE IPA.
So far this year the guild has... * [Launched a new website.](http://www.georgiacraftbrewersguild.org/) * [Created a petition and posted it on all social media](http://www.georgiacraftbrewersguild.org/sign-the-petition/) * [Created a very informative video of everything that's happened and what they want to happen](https://vimeo.com/151667205) * [Shared relevant news stories on the process](http://www.georgiacraftbrewersguild.org/news/)
On tap in GA, stop by the brewery. ;)
I'm so sorry, currently intergalactic law prohibits us from shipping our products.
ATL suburbs, up in Woodstock.
Northeast-style DIPA. Huge tropical fruit aroma with a touch of floral and pine. Super-juicy flavor with mango, passionfruit, and pine.
Some of the constructor fleet is in the shop, maybe when they're repaired I'll do just that.
If you can make it, this is a share not to be missed. Folks pull out all the stops for this one.
Full day of getting my drink on. Due to years of practice I've mastered pacing myself and didn't even get a buzz. Amazing beers and food at both ACAT (Hunter Hash at 5S in next level) and Nuit Belge. Resting up tomorrow before sharing some bottles with you neckbeards. Side note... Allagash Tiarna is insane. I need some more.
Normally 5 gallon batches, I've done up to 15 gallon batches. I have four 5 gallon kegs that I use. Chest freezer I've added a temp controller to to keep it above freezing and a a CO2 tank to carb and serve. Fresh beer always on tap!
That varies state by state. Until a couple of years ago it was illegal in MS and AL, now legal in all 50 states. You can't sell it and in GA you can brew up to 50 gallons per year per adult in the household, up to 100 gallons max. I don't recall the exact details but if you transport it somewhere else you have to keep it sealed and in the trunk or out of reach of the driver and it has to be labeled. We frequently do bottle shares here where people bring their homebrew. We also have a big homebrew competition coming up here and there will be a People's Choice award where there will be homebrew at the event to drink.
Yep, I'll be there. I know I promised someone KBS and I think BCBS. My homebrew DIPA is ready so I'll probably bring some of that. Any requests?
I'm going to hit Tanner's around 5PM to lay down a pre-bottle share buffer layer if anyone would like to join me.
Just to clarify, that's $1 **per** downvote.
A rare occasion indeed. ;)
Great time. Bottles started flying quickly right out of the gate, tons of awesome beers there.
Hopefully you're not incarcerated in GA, [no beer for you](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/lethal-injection/georgia-inmate-marcus-ray-johnson-denied-beer-last-meal-n465756)!
Yep! Aaron works out there and really likes the gym.
That really sucks, I hope they catch them. I've shared to my FB and Twitter.
OK, you get picked on today, I promise it's not personal, I've just seen this a good bit and thought it needed to be added the [trade rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/atlbeer/comments/3zlbct/new_rules_for_trade_posts/). &gt; Do not post in someone else's trade thread saying you're looking for the same trade. Your post will be removed. Feel free to create your own trade thread. For any number of reasons someone may choose you over the OP - location, maybe they know you better, or just recognize your username - and that's not fair to the OP.
No attack taken, I think it's good to have these discussions. In reference to them being equipped to battle politicians, they do have lobbyists to help with that. The Catch-22 there is that I've seen a lot of people saying they will no longer donate to the Guild, but hiring lobbyists takes money. The GBWA has dumped plenty into that and to adequately go up against them the GCBG will need to do the same. The situation sucks. They are losing support because of the compromises that are made, even if small, but they deeper this gets the more support they will need.
Within minutes of the news you put the blame firmly on the Guild, even though at this point only a select few people know what actually went on, and I'm pretty sure you are not one of those people. It seems like your main goal is to express your disapproval of the Guild, with no desire to have any information to back that up. We know the Governor and Lt. Governor were involved, as well as other high-ranking legislators, there are so many factors that could have affected what happened that I think it's extremely premature to put so much blame on the Guild at this point. You're breaking things down to suit your point of view, like your analysis of CRA vs GCBG. I think it's best for everyone to hold our finger-pointing until we have even the smallest idea of what actually went on.
&gt; "they got next to nothing instead of something substantial." But, to play devil's advocate, they may've gotten next to nothing instead of getting nothing This is my big point with all of this. I know there are people saying that taking nothing would have helped to light a fire for people wanting change. However, taking nothing would have continued to hurt the brewers here financially, and possibly cost people jobs. It's a tough spot to be in.
The brewers got screwed. Due to pressure from Gov. Nathan Deal's office Rep. Stephens backed off his sponsorship of the bill. No sponsor = no bill to fight for. The Georgia Craft Brewers Guild could have pursued another sponsor but with the shorter session this year and the election, and other powers at play, the bill still would have not gone anywhere. That info came from someone closely involved with the negotiations. For those not familiar with the fight up to this point, GA passed SB63 that allowed breweries to sell tours at variable pricing depending on what was being offered. With that tour they could give "free souvenirs" of up to 36 oz on site and 72 oz to go, no direct sales - just the free souvenirs. At the end of September the GA DOR issued a bulletin that put a stop to the variable pricing, effectively killing the benefits of SB63. Within the last couple months some powerful politicians made statements that the DoR overstepped their bounds in issuing the bulletin and they needed to reverse it. Rumors said there would be no reversal. Strong beer bill goes up this year, silence and closed door negotiations, and then today this is what we get. All the "support" voiced by these legislators (GA Speaker of the House, Senate President Pro Tem) just seemed to be posturing, as the bill was killed before it was ever filed. So what GA brewers got this year is reversal on the bulletin that killed SB63, plus they can sell food on site, hold special events, and can now use social media to talk about where their products are available (this was illegal before). So there you have it. The Guild put up a very strong bill, powerful and wealthy businessmen and politicians didn't like it, Gov's office applied pressure and it was tabled, and the brewers got some scraps to shut them up. GA is one of three states that don't allow direct sales at breweries. AL and MS are the other two (although AL has limited on-site sales) but they both have proposed bills to change that this year. I wish our friends in AL and MS better luck than GA had this year.
Here's why this "deal" was reached. The Governor's office put pressure on the parties involved and Rep. Stephens dropped his sponsorship. With no sponsor there is no bill. The brewers and the Guild were put in a position to either negotiate something or take absolutely nothing. They could have sourced another sponsor but my understanding is that it was made pretty clear this bill would not go anywhere this year so even with a new sponsor they were facing a loss.
He seems to be assuming that holding a special event means selling alcohol. Did I miss something in the wording of this?
Same here. I'm curious to try it but it's really a crapshoot with me and smoked beers.
Yes, total bullshit, but not on the Guild's part. The bill never got presented so it couldn't make it to the vote. Not sure if you saw the other post here but due to pressure from the Governor's office Stephens backed off sponsorship. Without a sponsor there is no bill.
Agreed, that was excellent.
As the sponsor of the bill I hope Stephens had a very complete understanding of what this is all about. Like /u/mateoloco said, there are plenty of places to catch a buzz. I really hope he didn't view the bill as something intended simply as people wanting easier access to beer.
Neat.
Honest feedback here. I couldn't watch this. The reviewer seems like he's making an entry video for a contest to say variations of fuck as many times as possible. It came across as trying way too hard to seem cool and I couldn't even focus on the content because of how hard he was trying to fit fuck/fucking/fucked into the video.
Just 6 months.
...says the former Sex Toy Boy.
If we have them here I haven't seen/heard of them.
This sounds awesome. Y'all ever take a slice of watermelon and salt that sucker up? Count me in.
I got to preview SweetWater's new Hash Session IPA yesterday, tasty stuff. One of the best session IPAs I've had. Dankness and grapefruit. Also popped an Even The Furies Wept with /u/jpellett251 and a bottle of Brettomatic. I need to hoard some more bottles of that one. Going to hit the BAVG release tomorrow and maybe /u/jasondominy's bottle share. Lots going on.
Awesome, thanks for listening!
LOL, I've actually had several people comment on that. Most commonly saying he says the word "guys" oddly. He may be a robot, but no one can prove it. Thank. You. For. Listening. &lt;end transmission&gt;
Ha! Good times!
[**Here's a link to this week's episode.**](http://beerguysradio.com/2016/01/30/sour-beer-with-orpheus-and-creature-comforts-episode-5-13016/)
Yes, however if they don't have knowledge of the city the GPS can actually make things worse. I took an Uber to the Inman Park Marta station once and their GPS took them to Reynoldstown side. Even before leaving we clarified we needed to go to the Inman Park side, he got annoyed when I tried to tell him how to loop around.
Both good, I think I preferred the Buffalo Trace. I was chatting with Steve about the Chili Cinninnilla and he said the peppers he used (I forget what he said) were quite fruity as opposed to hot, should be an interesting beer.
Full disclosure, this is my show. I've been passionately, maybe obsessively, involved with Georgia's beer community and legal fight for the last several years. Last year I worked with the Georgia Craft Brewers Guild to fight for better beer laws at the grassroots level, and I planned to do so again this year, but that didn't happen thanks to intervention from high-ranking politicians. /u/seawould has [a great post](http://cheers-yall.com/2016/01/30/georgia-beer-laws-qa/) on the front page or /r/beer right now covering the idiocy of what's going on, definitely check that out if you haven't already. Next Wednesday we're going to record our show on-site at 5 Seasons Brewpub Westside and have the brewmaster there (Crawford Moran) as well as the brewmaster from Max Lager's (John Roberts) join us for the show. If you're in the Atlanta are a feel free to stop by, we'll get things kicked off around 6:00 PM. I could ramble on this forever, I'm pretty pissed about it, but I'll stop for now and ask that you check out our show if you're interested in what we're facing here, and the political mess that's keeping us down. We do take a bit of a break from bitching to talk with Jason Pellett about Orpheus as well as playing a segment we recorded earlier in the year with Blake Tyers from Creature Comforts.
Here are all the winners for Georgia... - Terrapin Beer Co. | Best Brewer in Georgia / Top 100 World - Terrapin Wake N' Bake | Top Beer - Reformation Brewery | Best New Brewer - Wrecking Bar Brewpub | Best Brewpub - Trappeze Pub | Best Restaurant - Hop City Craft Beer and Wine (Westside) | Best Bottle Shop - The Porter Beer Bar | Best Bar in Georgia / Best Bars in US - Brick Store Pub | Best Bars in US I like all the winners here, and some I definitely agree with their ranking, but I have to say I'm surprised at a couple of them.
Exactly, pretty awesome to have two world-class beer bars in Atlanta.
The new deal isn't finalized so it's still too early for any predictions under the new deal and the future.
I heard the Belgian share was pretty awesome.
Well that stinks. I haven't been in about 6 months but I've always found the beer list complete and the food amazing at Trappeze.
Is there *any* pepper flavor in it? I'm game for the fuller body, and I'm OK with just a hint of pepper. I'd probably still like the beer with more body and no pepper, but that ain't Cake.
Haha! Suck it, ITP!!!
They forget the bronze statue of [Bob the Turkey](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-k-91iE1gEbI/UA08d9zp4HI/AAAAAAAAAgg/uxcK1Z0-WXs/s1600/481347_10150975586819357_961307530_n.jpg) on Main Street in Woodstock.
I can guarantee you Savannah isn't the one making the customers buy Dark Helmet, that's totally on the store owner.
I'm sure Savannah didn't say your customers had to buy Dark Helmet to get Mexican Cake, that's on you guys.
Same for me. This is the exact reason I don't shop at Roswell Beverage, they've done stuff like this in the past.
Good point, Dizzy. I'd remove the thread but going to leave it up as an example of what not do. Like a Beercrow for other bottle shops.
Any lunch recommendations for Birmingham? I'm going over Saturday for Magic City Brewfest and plan to hit Trim Tab and (if time allows) Good People. While there I'm going to buy beer to drink at a brewery and also to go. Suck it, GA!
Sounds tasty. My browser keeps crashing trying to view their page. BBQ place?
Looks good, thanks. I do love Korean BBQ.
They should have a beer fest.
Ha, is that the ghost at Sloss? I forgot AL is about that white BBQ, I may have to hunt some of that down.
Come and gone at Lucky's in Woodstock.
Sounds good, thanks!
On another note Sloss Furnace sounds exactly like a place that would be haunted.
Thanks, that's two recommendations for this one.
I'm 92% sure that I saw The Nest got a keg. Not sure when they are putting it on.
Thanks, I've actually heard them mentioned a few times.
I got to try Monday Night [Garage Club #3](http://i.imgur.com/wviepLA.png) last night and it may be one of the best beers I've ever had. Imperial Stout with hazelnuts aged in Macallan 18 Scotch barrels. Damn, just damn... delicious and rich stout, smooth with a bit of nuttiness, a touch of smokey/peaty Scotch, boozy but not hot... and 14%. I need more of this beer. Also had some Slap Fight that was just a few hours old. Good stuff.
Per Macallan... Macallan 18 nose, "Heady, exotic and floral with a hint of jasmine, tropical fruit and peat"... and palate, "Soft and rich with a hint of citrus, spice and wood smoke"
Honestly... I don't remember. We asked him but I was too buried in enjoying the beer to remember what he said. :) I'll have to listen to this week's show and find out.
I saw what it said, I stand by my statement, Stu.
There's a cidery that's distilling?
My family visited Yellowstone when I was 5 or 6, around 1976. As we're driving along we see a bear cub in the road and people stopped to look at it and take pics. My dad takes a bag of potato chips and goes up to it and starts hand-feeding it chips. The bear loved it, we all thought it was great. After a couple of minutes my dad decides he's done feeding the bear and we're going to move on so he stops and begins to roll up the bag of chips. The little cub grunts and swats at the bag and shreds it open, my dad dropped the bag and the cub finished his chips. Cubs are cute and fuzzy and neat to look at, but they have very sharp bear claws and will use them... because they are bears.
Had to do some research and check with a couple of people to verify some things before answering. Brewpub, no. They are classified as a retailer and not a manufacturer so they cannot distill at all - but they can sell growlers now, pending local approval. Brewery / cidery / meadery, yes... with caveats. Can get a license to distill as they are a manufacturer. This part gets confusing, and it's federal law which I know very little about, the distillery can be concurrent to the brewery, as in they can share a wall, but has to be a separate space. EDIT: In reference to the cidery comments, SOME cideries can qualify for a "farm winery license", but not all cideries qualify. If you want to know more on this [here is a write-up I did recently](http://beerguysradio.com/2016/05/05/georgia-farm-winery-exemption/).
&gt; Does a brewery need to get a seperate license to distill? Yes.
Thank you, good looking out.
&gt; Angry Chair The Awakening. Had a crowler of that last weekend and it was probably my favorite of the night - against StS, Black Tuesday, and Huna.
Heading to Birmingham tomorrow for Magic City Brewfest, so a lot of 'Bama beer. Going to try and hit Trim Tab before the fest.
/u/BGFreak99 /u/Mark_Graves /u/testingapril /u/jaymelynnster /u/brunswikstu Please DM me your IRL name and email address. I'm going to try and get something organized soon so I don't forget and it goes by the wayside. I'll likely start a FB group once we see if we've got enough people willing to dedicate to it.
Oh, I'd take that bet.
http://i.imgur.com/TnQRX6v.gif
Give Red Brick a shout, I bet they'd take care of you.
Only a few breweries rinse between pours here and I agree that's something I'd like to see more of them do.
One time this guy on Reddit called brettanomyces "brettomyctes". lololol, people are crazy.
Both are very cool, thanks! I 2nd the Resurgens design as my favorite, I think that would make for a pretty awesome t-shirt. Maybe put a Catlanta cat on the hop pile like in the whale watcher one?
This post has been reported as not beer related, understandably. OP, I see you're asking about places with close proximity to beer and you've generated some discussion. **For future reference we're very open to these types of questions, however they are better suited for the Daily Random thread than their own post. Please keep posts specifically to GA beer related content. Leaving this up so others can see this as well.**
WHALEZ BRO DRINK LOCAL DRINK GEORGIA BEER
I always ignored this one as I didn't think they had much of a beer focus.
GTFO, please.
Just use one of the pics I already sent you.
&gt; if people really enjoy the Reddit tie in. I am offended at your desire to drop the /r/ and challenge you to a duel for even suggesting it. High Noon, whoever can drink the most pints in 60 seconds. Loser has to leave the country. But for real, this shirt is specifically for r/atlbeer, it's not a Reddit tie-in, it's a design for this community. There are plenty of other options out there to show your love for Atlanta or Georgia beer, this one is ours. I do like the Corripe Cervisiam idea. Is that grammatically correct? I see a lot of critique when people use Latin on other things and get the grammar incorrect.
Sure we could. And if we did we may have a name like Atlanta Whale Chasers for our forum or group. I've been on other forums that have shirts/hats/etc. made for that forum, because the members consider themselves part of a community. Since we don't have a name like Atlanta Whale Chasers we are r/ATLbeer.
You could get two very different groups joining that sub. Maybe even three.
Sure thing! Thanks for meeting up. Definitely let us know when you're coming over this way.
Nope. They just said they had to get that and "had to do a couple other things". No timeline yet. I do know they've already got bottles of Belgo Ruskie ready to release once everything's in place.
This is the server I was thinking of when I read the other title.
Gotcha. They don't really say, they just pop up occasionally.
I checked out Below the Radar last month, cool place.
I'm cool with recommendation in ATL/ATL metro as well, just in case there are some that I forget. I haven't been to NRT in a long time but they always seem to have a good list.
They closed permanently about a month ago.
Where is that? EDIT: I looked and it's where I thought it was. Isn't that a music studio?
I definitely enjoyed it. Good beer and food, the owner was super nice. The service could use some work.
Your vote doesn't count on this one.
They do some great events, and they get some great beers. However, I've had to go through 3-4 beers on several occasions to get one that was still available, and most of the servers know almost nothing about beer. The Wing has potential, but I think it needs some work to be a really great beer bar.
Dumbass.
Looks like Resurgens is the favorite. /u/cat_lanta, let's go with that design. How about another thread for more suggestions on the bottom text? That question may have been missed with the other discussions. There was some debate on the r/ on there, it's gonna stay. The design is for the subreddit so it needs to be there to attach it specifically to us. Not trying to be a dick to those that thought this was just about Atlanta beer in general, but it isn't.
Ha! Thanks, I'm going to get my assistant on this right now!
There are definitely shops that carry out of distro bars, usually at a very high mark-up as they probably bought them at retail.
Yep. I've seen places in other states carrying Heady before. If the price is insane then people usually call them out on social media for it.
How much is a good selection? I live near the Guston's in Woodstock and they usually only have 1-2 crafts available. Mostly Bud/PBR type beers.
Interesting. Until word gets out I see their marketing doing them more harm than good. I thought it was just a music studio, nothing about the location or the name suggests they serve food and beer.
Do you go there much? Is it usually dead? TBH I forgot that place even opened up.
I'm not sure what to make of DDB. He seems to rip the beer to shreds, but also says it's still a good beer. Is his review based on the hype level? Seems so. It also looks like the overall impression of the beer is very high, based on other reviews. But that could be the hype level having the opposite effect. However, I think DDB's main goal is more to generate conversation and controversy, and he's pretty damn successful at that.
When we had 5 Seasons on the show Crawford opened a 2011 and a 2009 bottle for us, damn near perfect beers. He was even kind enough to show us the [proper way to drink them](https://untappd.com/user/itsme_timd/checkin/273428373).
Yet the hunt continues...
Hit BHB and Monday Night yesterday. Super-secret tip, if you happen to go to BHB before the release on Saturday there *may* be a few (very few) farmy surprises in the to-go cooler. If you can make a tour at Monday Night the Resignation Letter stout they have on now is amazing.
[Thank you, Wiktionary.](http://i.imgur.com/65yamJD.png)
I'm looking at a few options for this now. /u/cat_lanta is going to give us full use of the art once he's done, because he's awesome. There's a site called Teespring that let's you run a "campaign" to sell shirts, can be as cheap as $15/shirt, but you can add options for higher quality, hoodies, stickers, etc. This way you can order what you want and get it shipped to you - no messing with one person gathering orders, and we don't have to pre-order a bunch to make it happen. We could also set up a Zazzle shop to have shirts, glasses, bottle openers, etc.
Drie Fonteinen is my tops, love their goozies. Stillwater, Omnipollo, Allagash, Degarde.
You mean the one on the beer release list? Those are beer releasing in GA this week.
Yes. Get there early to get one of the LE shirts.
Yep, I only include beers that are being released in GA.
Nope. I know they're sending some beer to GA, and I was told by the distributor they should get some "eventually", but he didn't know when.
Thanks for the tip on Teeblaster. I see they're a Terminus Tees company, and those guys are local, too - actually up here in Woodstock by me.
Hit BHB yesterday for Kolb's/Burial bottles then The Nest for nachos and Mexican Cake, then back to BHB for the tasting and wrapped up with some board games and more beers. I liked the Mexican Cake. The heat is less but it's still a damn good beer. Kolb's and Burial are awesome, my favorite of the variants was the chocolate orange. Also had Hoof Hearted Miracle Toast - a cinnamon toast stout, and that was great. Heading to the Braves game today, haven't been to one in a couple of years.
I said the same thing about the food yesterday. I went to a pre-launch dinner and it was great, then the next couple of times food and service weren't up to par. The last couple of times I've been everything has been on point. We got the Large nachos with pulled pork and the pork was tender and flavorful. Glad to see they're hitting their stride.
Not final yet but the list is looking like Big Shanty, Zeke, Reformation Cadence or Stark, and Dry County Namesake. It should be a good time, **and we're also able to do a bottle share**. If you're interested please buy your tickets soon! They're at the early-bird price of $35 through Wednesday.
I tried, I failed. The cellar continues to grow as I buy much faster than I drink. I even had an "empty my cellar" party a while back and we opened 75 bottles... made a lot of space, which I promptly filled back up. Good luck.
Thanks for listening! We're having a blast and it's absolutely awesome to hear people are enjoying it.
/u/il_duce_brewski can confirm, but I'm pretty sure they had some left as of yesterday.
My AC is out. 94° in my house right now. Repairman coming tomorrow. I have no idea how people functioned before AC.
Amazingly, I have story similar to yours. I was at a marine park in Biloxi, MS and watched the dolphin show. The way the tank was setup there you could walk around the top of the enclosure and look down on the open tank. I guess it was about 12' to the top of the water. The dolphins were playing around and one saw me and immediately grabbed a ball floating in the pool and came over and threw it to me, I thought it was awesome. I threw it back, he threw it to me. So cool. Another dolphin sees us and comes over, when the new dolphin comes over I throw the ball to him. The first dolphin, and I absolutely swear this is what it sounded like, yells, "NO!" Now, I know it was just a squeak/squeal but it sounded like he said no pretty plainly. I felt bad that I'd hurt this dolphin's feelings and threw the ball back to him, he threw it to the other side of the tank and swam away. I really upset that dolphin.
Oh yeah, they definitely age well. And they were kept in a proper cellar, too. Glad you enjoyed it!
I just wished LinkedIn wasn't turning into Facebook. I only get about 50% useful business info there and the rest is memes, congratulation on marriages/birthdays/graduations, political rants, comics, etc.
I still think the Goin' Coastal is solid. Had one at the Braves games yesterday. It's got some good flavor and balanced. Not to malty or bitter. Pretty refreshing, too.
[Puddles version.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xy-jJ1qdteU)
My local park has a vending machine with duck chow, you get a handful for a $.25. They have warnings on the machine that you shouldn't feed bread to the ducks.
For non-Facebookers: &gt; Throughout the state of Georgia and the country, breweries join The Old 320 Beer Fest for its 1st installment and will be held in downtown Atlanta at Max Lager’s Wood-Fired Grill &amp; Brewery on Saturday, July 23rd from noon to 4pm. &gt; &gt; As the oldest brewpub in Georgia, Max Lager’s will host over 20 craft brewers to showcase the diversity, flavor, and quality of their more esoteric brews, giving attendees the rare opportunity to taste and experience beer that they have not tried before. &gt; &gt; Tickets are $40 in advance, $50 at the door. The festival will include: &gt; - An afternoon of live entertainment &gt; - A variety of food selections from Max Lager’s &gt; - A commemorative sample glass &gt; - Unlimited beer sampling. &gt; &gt; Each ticket purchased enters you into the raffle to win an all-inclusive trip to Belgium with Brewtopia. The more tickets you purchase, the more chances you have to win! &gt; &gt; Celebrate the independent and innovative culture of craft brewing at the Downtown Atlanta brewpub with valet and convenient deck parking located nearby. Max Lager’s is a short walk from the Peachtree + Civic Center MARTA station. &gt; &gt; Proceeds from the event will benefit The Georgia Craft Brewers Guild, a trade organization representing Georgia craft breweries and brewpubs.
I've started a FB group, PM me your email address and I'll send you an invite.
I've started a FB group, PM me your email address and I'll send you an invite.
I'm not totally sure of all the career opportunities. I know there are beer reps, brewers, and bar employees/managers that have the certification. It's a pretty comprehensive study of beer styles, serving, storage, distribution, pairing, etc.
I'll drink a good stout anytime. I went to a brewery (Burnt Hickory) this weekend for a stout release, then went to lunch and had some Mexican Cake (and nachos), then shared some beers with friends and opened a Hoof Hearted Miracle Toast. It's always stout season!
I want to believe this but Tucker's name changed to Turner towards the end. First time I thought it was a typo, but nope, full change.
I actually talked with Jerry about that a few weeks ago, we'll address this on the show. Thanks for the question!
I used to hang out at cigar bars a lot and we frequently had craft beer with cigars. There are even cigars specifically made to be paired with craft beer, it's all about cigar/beer selection. I think with this event being a Wednesday in Marietta that likely hurt us, but I think the concept would appeal to more people than you realize.
No offers to sell beer are allowed, please read trade rules linked on the sidebar. Please edit your post to fit within the guidelines. EDIT: Post removed since it wasn't edited to meet the guidelines, feel free to repost with different wording.
Honestly, I think this one is on us. We only had about a month from when we got the details set until the event date. We also didn't solidify the beer and cigar list soon enough, and people want to know that. Wednesday in Marietta is another tough sale, and we could have marketed it more in better locations. Live and learn, we'll do this again with a better plan.
Standard for pairings is complement or contrast but I don't think that works with cigars, one will just drown out the other. For milder cigars a lighter beer. Hefe, saison, some pilsners, would work well. For medium cigars you can step it up to a pale ale, Amber, even amilder (not too bitter) IPA. Porters, too, depending on the flavor profile of the cigar. Strong, full-bodied cigars need a beer that can stand up to them, break our your Imperial Stouts, especially BBA stouts. Cigars can have a wide range of flavor profiles as well. Honey, cedar, oak, chocolate, leather, cream, nuts, peppery, spicy, smokiness... so you'd still have to look at the individual cigar/beer, but these are some general guidelines I use.
FWIW last time I was in Athens I took an Uber to Cali and Tito's and it was like $8.00, my buddy got the Uber back and apparently it had hit surge pricing and it was $28.00. Maybe 3 miles each way.
The owner of The J. Clyde in Birmingham is on Beer Guys Radio this week, we taped it last night. He told us in 2007 there was ONE brewery in Alabama (it's closed now) and there was some crazy law that they couldn't package over something like 16 oz. In ***less than 10 years*** they've raised packaging size limits, legalized homebrewing, raised the ABV cap, got sales for on-site consumption, loosened brewpub restrictions, got off-site sales, and I'm sure there are others I'm forgetting. Compare that to Georgia, where many of our brewers have been fighting for better laws for 20 years or more, and it's a pretty stark contrast. Every state has it's issues, but this really highlights how horrible things are in Georgia and how resistant our lawmakers are to making needed improvements.
I will fight you.
This will allow sales directly from the brewpub. It was allowed a few months ago pending local approval so each area that has a brewpub has to get the city/county to pass an ordinance allowing direct sales.
Liberator
I'm having a similar issue to OP except I'm getting air downstairs and not upstairs, and only in some of the vents downstairs. Blower is in attic. Is the air supposed to be strong enough to move the fan blade on that device? Because I'm 99% sure that only one of my vents may have enough air to move that, the others it feels more like a draft than air blowing. Tech has been out twice and said everything was working fine.
I actually thought about that after I updated. Not sure many around here will care, but I guess they should be added to the list.
I was surprised at that, too. I haven't heard anything about them.
Right. They may choose not to mess with it. Not sure if they fill growlers in other areas.
I don't think there's a limit, it's just like a normal retail sale. They can do bottles/cans, I know Cherry Street is planning a bottle release of their Belgo Ruskie as soon as all the permitting is done.
Welll... a lot of the brewpubs aren't setup for bottling/canning, at least not in any volume. Guess we'll see how that pans out.
I've looked, and I don't notice anything. No obvious leaks or anything that I can tell.
You're going to get us on a watchlist with that kind of talk.
Thanks. I have some friends coming over tomorrow and was going to ask one of them to show me where that damper lever is.
Will Baby Ruth do? Check out Sloth Love Chunk from Four Fathers.
Gose / Berliner homebrew comp and cookout today. I think we have 6 entries, should be fun. We kept it secret what we brewed (well, other than a couple of leaks) but we know we used some very different methods to sour. It will be interesting to try all the beers and see the different results.
You can buy them in stores. Where are you looking? If you'll say where you are then /u/il_duce_brewski can tell you what shops are in your area that carry their beer.
I'll never get used to the strong ITP vs OTP feelings around here that some people have. IMO it's kind of embarrassing and middle school-ish, not the way I'd expect adults in a major city to act. I used to live in a small town in AR and I really thought I'd get away from the "this side of town / that side of town" attitude when I moved here. Even Kasim said the deal that the Braves got in Cobb County was a good one, and that the city of Atlanta couldn't/wouldn't match it. He goes on to say that he looks at the region as a whole, I've always felt the same way. I live in Woodstock but consider myself a resident of the Atlanta area. If I'm traveling and someone asks me where I'm from I say Atlanta, if they ask me what part I tell them Woodstock. I take pride in Woodstock, but also in Atlanta. I have nothing against anyone that lives ITP, because I really have no reason to, I've got some really good friends that live in town. I enjoy a lot of the things about Atlanta. There are great concerts, restaurants, beer bars, parks, and more ITP that I don't get out here. However I love living in Woodstock with lighter traffic, lower cost of living, and a lower crime rate, and we've got enough shopping and restaurants to take care of me most of the time. Both areas are great for their own reasons. No doubt there are plenty of challenges with the new stadium and it's controversial, I guess we'll see in about a year how it works out. Just based off what I've seen if anyone should be pissed it should be the Cobb County residents. ITP'ers should be happy you'll have ~$250 million to use towards parks and roads and such. But, 95% of what I see is people simply pissed because they aren't going to be in the middle of Atlanta anymore. It gets painted different ways, like saying the move is "anti-Atlanta", but the anger, the straight up rage, that some people express is just plain crazy.
Lots of people here have had their beer. It's at several growler shops, they've done tap takeovers, and they do tours and tasting at the brewery. One note, it's not the only woman-owned brewery in Georgia. It is the first WHOLLY woman-owned brewery in GA, but there are other woman owners. Kathy Davis from AotHG was recently on my absolute favorite craft beer radio show, Beer Guys Radio. [Here's a link to that episode.](http://beerguysradio.com/2016/06/11/abbey-holy-goats-episode-23/)
Yazoo's sours are good as well. There's a brewpub in Chattanooga that was decent, but I don't recall the name. There are a couple up there.
Closest beer bars / brewpubs to GT: Cypress Street Pint and Plate, World of Beer Midtown, Taco Mac Metropolis, 5 Seasons Westside, Ormsby's. All of these are pretty good. Cypress Street is my favorite beer bar out of this bunch, 5 Seasons is a great brewpub.
Gotcha. I have buddy that hits Nashville for work pretty regularly so he grabs them when he's there.
My dog found a baby bunny in the yard last year. It ended much differently.
Had a cookout and a gose/Berliner homebrew comp at my place this weekend then a lazy Sunday, well... lazy after cleaning up from Saturday. I took 1st in the comp (woo-hoo!) with my Gose Cuervo margarita gose. We had some great entries, my favorite was a coconut-lime Berliner but there were some nice traditional goses and Berliners as well.
OK, but you've gotta judge and not just drink all the beer!
OK, thanks for the info.
Thanks, fixed it!
For non-Facebookers: &gt; &gt; Need yalls help – early this morning 2 of our trailers were stolen from the brewery, both loaded up with a total of almost 3300 cases of beer for AM pickup. We found the trailers via GPS but both were empty. &gt; If yall find any Summer Variety Packs on the shelf that are UNSORTED (aka all one style) dated 9/20 or 9/21, call or email the brewery so we can start tracking this beer down. Also keep an eye out for the Summer Variety Pack Case (24 pack of bottles) – if you see them anywhere other than Costco they’re stolen brews. &gt; If you’re a retailer and somebody other than our distributor tries to sell you beer, give us a heads up so we can follow up. &gt; The really bad news is we were already having trouble keeping the Variety Pack and Goin Coastal on shelves cuz they were selling like hotcakes, and this was basically our entire inventory in Atlanta - so you may not see it on shelves for a minute &gt; (404) 691-2537 or social@sweetwaterbrew.com
For those without Facebook: &gt; Need yalls help – early this morning 2 of our trailers were stolen from the brewery, both loaded up with a total of almost 3300 cases of beer for AM pickup. We found the trailers via GPS but both were empty. &gt; If yall find any Summer Variety Packs on the shelf that are UNSORTED (aka all one style) dated 9/20 or 9/21, call or email the brewery so we can start tracking this beer down. Also keep an eye out for the Summer Variety Pack Case (24 pack of bottles) – if you see them anywhere other than Costco they’re stolen brews. &gt; If you’re a retailer and somebody other than our distributor tries to sell you beer, give us a heads up so we can follow up. &gt; The really bad news is we were already having trouble keeping the Variety Pack and Goin Coastal on shelves cuz they were selling like hotcakes, and this was basically our entire inventory in Atlanta - so you may not see it on shelves for a minute &gt; (404) 691-2537 or social@sweetwaterbrew.com
Not sure, but my Googling turned up [this horrible human](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/46yrz7/what_is_the_most_expensive_thing_you_have_ever/d08uomq). Raided a man's beer fridge. Terrible.
Glad to hear it.
&gt; Locations marked with a GOLD STAR are Beer Guys Approved. This simply means that one of the Beer Guys have visited the location and can vouch that they offer a good craft beer selection. :) I'm considering changing that and breaking it into two categories. One that's just a Verified Venue, meaning we've been there and they have a decent beer selection, the other BGR Approved that says they hit all the marks of a good beer bar.
Plebs.
They said they'll have to destroy it.
They work, but some of them won't scale. The one in this post scales just fine, but some of the pics don't.
Probably close. I don't recall the exact number but brewers in Georgia get something like $.08 of every dollar, wholesalers and retailers make much more than the breweries do, like 3-4x more.
I said the same thing on another thread and a guy mentioned that he was talking to a customer in Houston and he said that occasionally people will show up at his business and offer him a pallet of liquor/beer for like $200. He'll buy it and give out to his employees.
I'm removing this, you know why.
Indeed it has. Damn troublemakers.
Nope. They will destroy it.
Of course we can talk about NE IPAs, but over the last couple of days there have been a handful of posts about them just to mock the original guy's post. A lot of that stuff is more appropriate for this daily thread than it's own post.
It's also likely people think if someone is super hot it's easier to tell yourself they probably don't have an STD, making the reward seem less risky. I'm not saying that's accurate, but I could see that mindset.
Sup, Tones?
There's got to be some stuff along there. I need to add Johnnie Maccracken's in Marietta. If anyone knows of others please let me know.
I think there's a Three Dollar Cafe off Windy Hill, but not sure what they offer. I used to love Maccracken's but I've had a lot of issue with the beer list being extremely out of date. Still, they do offer a lot of craft beer.
Swainsboro.
That depends. What kind of beer do you have?
Double shitpost. I'll have to remove it twice.
Ha, I know. I was reading another thread that mentioned verdict and that's when it all came together. :)
Special release growler free souvenirs? Count me in!
Ha! I saw you post about Gaelic Storm last night and thought, "Hmm, I haven't heard of that beer, I'll have to look for it." :)
I use 1 lb of Belgian sugar in my saison to help dry it out and bit. 1 lb in a 5.5 gallon batch gives me a 0.7% ABV boost. I haven't brewed it without it so I don't have a comparison, but I do like the results I get. A lot/most Belgian styles use some candi sugar.
I'm considering it, would be later - 8'ish or so. If not I'm definitely going to hit them on Saturday.
Good luck! Keep us posted.
Did she get any coffee?
I tried me one of them there NE IPAs last night, it was right tasty.
Mikerphone Lunches, Brunches, and Interviews.
Drank some Second Self, Bruery, Mikerphone, and Creature Comforts brews last night. Heading to BHB today, and possibly Dry County to see how their brewhouse is coming along. Plan to hit BSP and Eventide tomorrow.
U JELLY!??!
I didn't mean that rude, was just trying to say that you can have a hoppy beer that isn't very bitter. Like the new trend in maltier, hazier, juicy, much less bitter IPAs. I'm the same way with bitterness, don't care for it much. But I do enjoy a good, hoppy beer.
I was going to ask the same thing. My dad is coming over the week of the 4th and he can't walk long distances at all, not sure what we can do that he would be able to enjoy.
Do you not think the brewers have thought of that? Many times? With the exception of a couple of breweries, there's not a ton of cash in brewing. Even some of our more popular breweries don't have the kind of money that the wholesalers association does. We're also not talking about a one time cash dump, the other side is already embedded pretty deep so the "contributions" would have to go on long enough to sway influence. It's also not a matter of convincing the state reps or senators, most of them are already on the side of the brewers. When bills do go up for a vote they usually pass by a large margin. We have a few very powerful politicians that can, and do, keep things from happening. Many of the brewers DO give a good amount of money to the Guild to fight these laws, and the Guild works with politicians / lobbyists / etc. to try and make change happen. Some of our brewers have been fighting this for 20+ years, they know very well how the system works.
We record at the Salem Media studios on Peachtree in Buckhead. PM incoming...
Heading to BSP today bright and early. Bottle share tonight. EDIT: Y'all need to get here today. Amazing GA beers on today.
I thought they were decent. Based on my own mead making theirs tasted like mine do when they're young and after a year or so they are great. However, I see /u/kharedryl says their mead doesn't keep so not sure aging's an option there.
My favorite beers at BSP yesterday: Good Word Bridges, Orpheus Abandon All Hope, Three Taverns Braettannica, Wild Heaven Emmylou.
Not sure. Maybe BSP just didn't have that info when they printed the menus? Untappd says it's 6%.
12:30 in GA, state law.
Yep. They were trying to make it earlier statewide and allow for local ordinances to decide what time they started serving.
"Explain Like I'm 5"... basically just be able to explain something in simple terms that anyone can understand.
I asked Second Self about this on Beer Guys Radio this week. The traditional German goses (like Leipzeiger) are more mellow on the salt and sour than a lot of the American ones we're getting now. They said the lighter salt/sour was by design, they wanted one that was approachable that you could drink a few, and good for people newer to sours.
That article didn't mention anything about bottles. However, it's actually a pretty good take on the pint VS smaller pours discussion. A lot of those articles can be kind of pretentious. I think in the US most craft beer drinkers are already on that bandwagon. I like to try a variety of beers and very rarely get a full pint of something anymore.
I want to believe.
Sounds like a good way to spend the day.
It's at Forts Brewery, they're holding them for now.
It's legal. As a consumer I think it's BS. Question for the community... We all know there are people that are truck chasers and whale chasers and *only* go into some shops to get rare/HTF beers. I can understand, as a shop owner, wanting to do something to discourage this. What would be a fair way to discourage this without pissing a lot of people off?
You can now, go on with your bad self.
That beer is soooooo overrated. DAE hype train???
Some Hi-Wire news. Initial GA launch will come as far as Gwinnett County, they hope to roll out in Atlanta by Fall.
Straight to Ale He Ain't Hefe. Hefes in general don't get much love from the craft beer crowd but this one is a great example of the style and a really great-drinking beer.
Hired!
Or maybe it's just an IPA that's hazy and doesn't need to conform to your standards of NE SE NW GT FO or whatever IPAs. Did you ever think of that? DID YOU!?!?!
I've got the last two Garage Club beers and someone brought the BBA quad to a share this weekend. If the beers in the pipeline are as good as these I'll be very happy.
Better make it two.
Don't be dense.
Is it really that difficult to understand that 71 streets with Peachtree in the name can cause a lot of confusion for someone not familiar with *the Atlanta area*?
OK then, we'll have to agree to disagree. Have a nice day.
Friday at 1PM.
&gt; I look forward to the day we can have a new release thread without the words hype or whale in it. I think this is going to take a while. If you guys release a limited beer it will be considered a "whale". Even a lot of your regular releases still cause pandemonium/name-calling/pitchfork-wielding when they hit stores. I'm not a big trader but the Curious releases, Existence, StS, etc. still trade pretty well, and are sought after by people outside of GA. Especially with the super-small batches like The Curious that pretty much fits the definition of whale. You created this beast by making tasty, small batch beers and now you've gotta live with it. :) I'm still going to RDWHAHB.
Happy birthday! The Porter is a great place to celebrate. Scanning their beer list here are a few suggestions, but there are a ton of great options on there. I'll skip the pales/IPAs/DIPAs. * Brouwers Verzet Oud Bruin | Really nice Oud Bruin from Belgium. Joran, the head brewer at Three Taverns, is one of the owners. * North Coast Old Stock Ale | This used to get more hype but other beers kind of overshadow it now, but it's excellent. * Sierra Nevada Otra Vez | Gose with prickly pear and grapefruit, really tasty. * Three Taverns Sour Asylum #8 | Dry-hopped lacto sour. * Evil Twin Imperial Biscotti Break | Whatever variant they have, Imperial Stout * La Trappe Quad | One of my favorite Belgian quads This isn't even getting into the vintage stuff, there are tons of options there. They'll likely have more/different beers on draft but this is a good mix to try.
We might have need of a producer at a local radio station, let me check. Can you drop me a PM with some contact info?
Already posted there.
Not yet.
I think OP means the Festive Ale.
Apparently there is a decent black market for beer. A buddy said he has a client in TX that owns a construction company and people would occasionally come around and offer a bunch of beer/liquor on the cheap. I'm guessing if you take the time to plan stealing two entire trailers of beer you've got some leads on where to unload it.
In all seriousness, don't do that. You may have to force yourself to get out, but it will be so much better for your mental state. Grab a beer with friends, get drunk, and yell and gripe and bitch to get that shit out.
My favorite part is watching Jason's nipple rings swinging around.
OH SHIT NE IPA!!!
No, it's not. accessibility to beer ≠ accessibility to good beer Breweries per capita is a good number to look at when analyzing economics, but not a quality beer city. In my experience a state with looser beer laws where it's easier to open a brewery gets more mediocre to poor quality beer. States with tougher restrictions mean only (or mostly) those really dedicated to the craft choose to open. Active brewery permits isn't really relevant, as the ones that aren't included in the per capita numbers (breweries-in-planning?) don't have any track record to show if they make quality beer. Home price is meaningless for these purposes, walkability is a good metric to look at when judging a beer town, it's always nice to be able to get to several breweries/bars without the need to drive or catch an Uber. There's no mention at all of the quality/ratings of the beer in each city. I've visited cities with a few really good breweries and cities with a ton of mediocre breweries, I'll choose the location with a smaller number of good breweries every time. No offense to Pittsburgh but I don't hear anyone raving about taking a beer trip there, same goes for Buffalo and Milwaukee.
They haven't said yet.
Dolan pls, rember Perl Horber.
