EG could't find a stand in for Sumail?
sorry ID Fangays
cant wait for the EG gam... Oh wait.
2 or 3 good sets the rest i can't sell. No thanks
EG was only in this because they thought hey would only face JV teams.
they can't get a stand in for sumail ?
you mean how bad Twitch is?
A shuffle for your hero sets. 25% gold and exp when you deny a creep.
thats fine but if they don't win anything they are going to go broke. SO this won't work out for everyone
eg lost?
all the more reason to cheer on TS at TI5
Don't allow twitch to show Dota tourny problem solved
he is trying to get onto team Alliance
everyone on my fucking team doing there hero challenge. thats the worst thing
IIRC they have not taken the payment because they don't want to be double taxed
please be a photo chop
THIS. Game is't even playable right now with everyone trying to complete there hero and compendium challenges. They need to find another way for people to earn points.
no brewmaster no care
who ever wins i am sure valve will say they are perfect just they way they are.............right Void.............
I am unable to find a match. Is this not in the beta yet?
I hate EG so much
wait this is just for seeding ?
the en2 Cast is pretty bad who are these 2?
oh look more cry baby tears from a pro video game player. If you don't like your hotel feel free to pay to stay at a different one.
Players need a union to get 1st class flights 5 star hotel suites and to make sure every team gets paid just for showing up to a tournament
lol eg fan gays
PPD "i did't like the format"
PPD "we did't like the format"
i will quit this game if slark wins
purge........really
Merlini | Analyst Desk Sheever | Analyst Desk ......................wat
what a shit show.
they won WCA on a brand new patch playing nobody teams. They got shit on at the last major. Why do you cucks think they earned a invite?
The browns are the problem not there coach
Carr just got killed
this team goes in a new direction every 2 years.
lol this was good
Damn joe not a FA till 2019
you might as well shut down early no one is going out for ice cream during the game
Packers special: Chuck the ball 60 yards down field and have Erin tell the refs to call PI.
The only bigger cry baby the Aaron in the NFL is Brady. The Suh hit was a accident. Change your tampon already.
Why does Dom Cappers get so much TV time? I never see other teams DC brought up as much as him.
weak left side for that gb oline.
white cb....not good
how high are your right now?
because its the packers
knock that fat ass down
why the packers own his ass for the most part.
or the fact the whole D is on HGH
jesus christ more Ad's?
Its been 3 min since a commercial can one of you act hurt?
the blew it dead so what are they even talking about.
Clay and Rodgers have not played well enough to get into the pro bowl
HGH you taste so good.
cause he is abbrederis
TEDDY YOUR A FUCKIN DUMB ASS.
Teddy Farve
both
did't look like he had control
you know they had that one in waiting.
its Erin Rodgers and the Packers they will overturn it.
lol
I don't think the hoodie is good luck anymore.
no one cares about the diva's
watch the onside.
MIN is going to lose this i feel it in my bones.
what did i fucking tell you
lol looking for a flag.........
get the FG teddy will give ti back to you.
THANKS FARVE
MIN is trying to give up the game
push off that would have been OPI
how many chances are you going to give green bay
get ready for some of that great PREVENT D
please do another fake
because its a shit team from the top down.
prevent D
now that was a holding call they missed. Jesus
look at these slow ass WR on GB
no
I can not stand the excuses the radio guys on 620 AM come up with for this team
Ted is not the best GM IMO. Yea he drafted Clay and picked up Peppers(who i forgot was still on the team) but other then that....
you still hanging onto that?
Zyori
I disagree
Thanks Eli
#PrayForPeanut
So Roman will be #1 and Destroy everyone till its down to him and Brock or HHH. HHH or Brock will be the new champ. Fucking predictable and stupid.
if the game is't going on they need to remove it from the watch list. the first 5 games get the Lobby not found error.
YOU LOSE GOOD DAY SIR!
how long till they start selling this stuff to other people?
And now his watch has ended.
not everyone can coast like MM
OK Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
my wife keeps turning on the Hallmark channel. How much will the divorce cost me?
no one gives a fuck a bout the pro bowl stop doing it already
I DO god damn it
but it does seem that way.
just run it
Vince W is going to FUMBLE
good way to get JJ hurt
just leave JJ watt as a QB for FUCK SAKE
its a Hard has hell Nintendo game.
quick a time out Run 3 Ads
The sad thing about this whole thing is that Alex smith thinks he is good.
awwww go hug your alex smith Fat Head
then the cheap shot on the end
are u watching the same game as the rest of us?
what is that noise
awww its ok Kumar
nothing beats Jags dude
what team will Hoyer be on next year
omg
Rob McNair should be in his car at this point.
lol why is he makin Hoyer do this
ok can we turn this off and start the next game
THE PC BOWL
this a big son of a bitch
Simms is just bad
AJ hawk sighting
whoa
what was the USC?
come on PETCO
I mean AJ sucks dick
WOW THAT HIT.........bs flag
there is nothing wrong with that hit
So you need to let a WR catch the ball or else you get DPI now you need to let them catch the ball and run 5 yards before you can tackle them? fuck the nfl hope it is gone in 10 years
lol
He gone
wait Sims is doing the SB&gt;.....
what are the dota number compared to Lol? HoTS?
so when a PIT player gets the ball he is't a runner. This guy goes helmet to helmet and no call. Fuck the NFL
i hope the refs review the call and eject 50
Stay classy Shitsburg
man they done pissed off the Bengals now
whats your mmr bro
helmet to chest? he lead with this helmet and hit him in the facemask.
because no one wants to stay up till 11pm on a sunday night
ben got a shot
Vontez is going to get kicked from the game/cost cin the game
its really hard to argue that the NFL don't pick winners when you see how lopsided the calls/no calls are.
DOOM (domes) where built for fans
no sleeves these guys are nuts.
Bud Grant wash's his balls with ice water
not really funny
DC disband 3 2 1......
can we get a new brewmaster set jesus.
sounds like reddit
another axe set........
do they really think the world stops for them?
charlie and the Good Game Agency making up bullshit lies..........no way.
they should have moved the raiders to LA. I hope they go to San Antonio now fuck Jerry Jones
why did the Raiders give up on LA?
Who gives a shit about how many ads they run? Do you get this mad at the NFl when they run a 8 min block of ads? no you don't. Get up and walk around get a drink check facebook.
this is't a vavle tourny....
how so?
because the only people who care are race pimps like Al Sharpton
I smoke weed so the new england patriots should be able to as well.
try to be less butt hurt. I don't think jay is worth the money he gets so your comment really did't offend me. But even as bad as Jay is. He is still better then Matt.
to bad this would be in a chest where you will have a 1 and 12 chance to get on your first time.
what a cuck
to soon
how the fuck does this get down voted?
Bulldog can only play like 3 heroes.
Sort by New (suggested)
and every other team in the NFL north starts to laugh.
holy crap.
why is't OG in this thing?
dota players are sounding more ass hurt then League players.
if you play for the pats you never get ejected
11 on the pats is like come on ref we are the pats give it to us.
is there anyone worse then Mike Carey
now Mike Carey says he would reverse it.
alex smith can't win this game
"i'm going to deep dick aaron rodgers and the green bay packers" can you say that on CBS
its a classic
is that guy in the packer jacket lost?
looked like his ass cheek was down
sad for all the rams fans who just became KC fans.
GONK!!!!!!!!!!!
TURNING POINT!
lol of course packers want a rule changed when things don't go there way.
lol GG
21 nuttin
this looks over. Might be time to play some Dota
the packers lost in overtime.
jon favreau got fat
did we miss the first two downs?
pretty sure aikman needs dick pills
lol
2nd half
hey Bruce how hard did you laugh in Aaron rodgers face last night.
whats there to look at?
same way Rodgers got invited to the Pro Bowl
they hav't sacked Cam yet
you guys feel that shift......
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/012/132/thatsthejoke.jpg
what is this prevent D?
lol cam
olsen dead
lych is't good anymore....why should they keep him?
Hawks need to move there ass
W O W
good catch no more TO for CAR
if the panthers lose does Ron Rivera get fired.
our Oline is hurt.-Every Pats fan.
so mad.
i agree with that
let us know when the browns make the playoffs
i hate CBS
Stephen Colbert is terrible.
shoulder is fine.
its means people from Shitsburg live in the coal mines.
Sims a PIT fan?
I can hear Sims boner growing..
he did't turn and look for the ball......ist that a dpi
No Risk No Reward
because Stephen A Smith
DRONE CAM!!!!!1
yikes wtf was that
Dat duck
CAN YOU CATCH THE BALL??
the WOLF
You get a drop and YOU Get a drop you get a drop you get a drop You get a drop
Phil Sims is all the "spark"you can handle let me tell you
Raiders their division next year BOOK IT
makes me want to kill myself
"really good throw" Ok Phil
after watching this game the pats are going to the super bowl
payton keeps it kinky
YOU NEED TO PUT BROCK IN THE GAME
field goals won't win you the game
Debbie Does Dallas 12
they both suck so i don't think tthey care
how is that not a safety
i'd like to know this as well
if i leave my helmet on they won't see my tears"
getting head
lol dancing around you played like fucking shit all game
thats shannon sharp
every team should have to qualify for the Major
bring his ass back to dota. Fuck tobi already
lol progressing........its going backwards
you had 60 minutes of fairness.
where do you buy the tickets
Cut Kuhn move lacy to FB
OH yay more Tobi and Blitz...............
id rather have a DH then watch a pitcher with a .008 BA go up there and strike out.
If HHH wins i am done with the WWE. My kid loves to watch it but i won't turn it on anymore. If going to keep pushing relics from the attitude era and part timers you can go fist yourself.
if HHH wins we riot.
Domistic Violence going up 500% tonight in Boston
hour and 45 min to play 30 min of foot ball.............Jesus
run on a 3 and 22..............
come on Manning...
can not stand these payton ad's anymore
look where he puts his popcorn
The pats need aaron hernandez
how many dogs had to die for that coat
noooooooo NOT THE WOLF
Rams had the bottom 3 attendance the last 5 years.
punting simulator 2016
we need to play more ads tell one of the Broncos to go down.
If HHH wins we RIOT
TIME OUT GOD DAMN IT
Denver's offence suckssssssssssssssss
Pats get a TD and then go for 2 and win the game
lol
Tom is going to make sure this entire O line is fired.
OMG
love the Hair
yea your team lost. Run to your hole.
sure u do
Keep pounding Thats what my wife tells me.
3 straight years
GG no RM
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT
its ok man take it easy.
all these white kids
If GB was in this game the score would be Car 28 GB 0
carson always a loser
in
whos pumped for warcaft
9 min
ok rumble is on
Whats the difference
LAGGING AND NOT IN 1080P
i think they are sweatpants the look like jeans
"i am the table"
kinda tired of new day
and the Uso's get NO POP what so ever
give the tag belts to the Wyatt family already.
that top rope splash look botched
stawMAN
Backnie
what is the brock lesnar guy
Kalesto is botching left and right
said no one ever
Eva going to return.
Well Bathroom break time.
andthe fans are sleeping
LOL RICKS SELL JOB....
NO SALE!
If Roman or HHH win the WWE is finished.
I know your a mark and you have your wrestling buddy next to you. But this product has gone to shit. And you can't keep patching it with Part timers and old timers from the early 2000s
I can see your Roman Empire T shirt.
So far this is pretty stupid
i dont get the hype for AJ Styles. He is't from NXT so you know the WWE is going to mis-use him and have him losing to Nevel and Adam Rose in a few weeks.
I don't think AJ landed that right.
ok the r truth thing made me laugh
well now we know Roman makes it to the end.
THERE NOT EVEN SHOWING THE RUMBLE.
Get Romans ass back in here
where did kofie go?
nice we missed the kofi spot because of Roman
so KO vs AJ feud incoming
GEE i hope Roman/Brock don't come out and toss out all the Wyatt family.
BEAT HIS ASS
BROCK "NO SALE"
people are really HAPPY to see HHH?
FUCK THE WWE
crowd dead as fuck
Predictable and stupid as fuck having HHH as champ in 2016
how so? you could have had 5 other people win and be fine. Now we have to see this ass hat HHH not defend the belt till WM. And everyone will know the ending.
make a better product and people might pay for it. I have the network and will be getting rid of it. Tons of lag and it switching from 1080p to (i don't know) 250p? happend every 3 min last night at the PPV. And oh look HHH has the belt in 2016.......and your going to feed Bray to Brock at WM. Like WCW they have not made any new stars and when they do they are fed to part timers,Cena or someone from the attitude era. Good night sweet prince.
Because they needed money to pay Cutler
don't pay rats
they need to go back to a round robin format
IN PUPPEY WE TRUST
lol wtf
MORE LAGS PLEASE.
as long as EE is on TS Navi has a chance.
lol TS
Why don't they have a pop up showing when another team won a game?
is it really RTZ or is it EE. Because i hav't seen EE do shit in over 6 months
you act like your going to go back and watch the vod.
your full of shit thanks for playing
kunnka
i got the same thing just some spam bot that has been deleted
please tell me that EE is not drafting.......
EE drafts RTZ Kunnka = white flag
Puppy is going to boot his boots in ass holes
oh
bye MSKI enjoy your walk home
LULDA
Amen
you got me there
screenshot?
EG bias
i thought MVP would beat LGD
can't hear the casters again
could be the greatest comeback in Dota history. But if they do lose they should not get a direct invite.
2 hours till next game?
EE and RTZ are gone after TI
i love how you alliance f(A)Gs only post when alliance wins.
yea that must be it.........
i hope they play CoL and I hope they lose
how did Xbox get on Loda's account
I hope (A) has to play EG in the LB. But i am sure GG agency will make sure they does not happen
lol is this a joke? you think if you finish 8 out of 10 you should get a direct invite to the next event? if you finish 1-4 you should get a direct invite everyone else should have to qualify
GG agency making sure their teams never play each other.
Alliance and EG get the ez path. the fix is in boys
nothing will happen Riot runs that sub
why are stalling..........start the game
last match of the night
someone needs to come down to the NWO theme
Purge thinks he is the king of Korean Dota. Stop talking about League of Peasants
good
START THE FUCKING GAME ALREADY
is that who is casting?
you will be there till june 15th at this rate
do teams playing outside the meta ever win?
RIP KIMBO SLICE http://www.tmz.com/2016/06/06/kimbo-...ed-in-florida/
DP needs a Nerf so bad.
That guy should chill out the only team empire can beat is Secret
Newbee also got fuckin destroyed and imo just wasted a spot.
besides TI5 what have they won? This is't a troll post I really can't think of anything
who else have they beat?
How do you know?
after how many years? Navi has been in the dumpster for a long time.
This is what happens when bulldog can't split push
on reddit getting downvoted when I said they shouldn't have gotten a direct invite
love the caster lag........
Tier 2 team that has a 10 hero pool and still plays like its TI3. Yea checks out lets auto invite them to everything. as they once again finish what? 12th?
THIS
yes it SHOULD mean that
no they should have to open quals
lol kicking aui again
anything can happen.
whos is it?
ee is garbage
you have one bad tourny so you jump ship. Pretty weak
they can't get a direct invite if they are doing this roster shuffle
they would have at least been placed in the regional qual
yes because who gives a shit about some 3rd rate lane
when is the last time EG had to qualify for anything? Maybe they are in the best in NA but how do we know they never play anyone else from NA unless they happen to play at one of the 5 events EG plays a year. Also why make rules about roster shuffles just to go "oh its EG yea well then fuck it send em a invite" If they are so good they should have no prob in quals
like newbee last year?
who said its over
beastmaster is fist banned doe
if they had it so good they would never leave
winning last year mean shit
i hope they tossed all of Universe's shit in the pool
he left DC on his own. so he can eat crow
If he really quit the team they still hold his contract and should't let him play for another team. How stupid is it that one player having a hissyfit can remove your chances for a invite. And no i don't think TS should get a direct invite.
This is outstanding
your right we should listen to purge
bu bu but alliance
can we stop making the majors about the panel and more about the games..........start this shit already
questing
its taken them 7 years to get pitlord in the game. Do you have any idea how long it will take them to make a new hero? They have to come up with lore. stats.skills/spells/ the look of the hero. I think once Pitlord drops (if ever) it will be years before we see anything new
Are these the same mods that deleted posts about the Paris attacks because it was Muslims attacking people?
i don't know why this is getting down voted.
the way the writing is the sandsakes and Dorne will show up at the battle of Winterfell.
Uni should't be allowed to play. Him getting his ball and going home now makes TS have to go to open quli.
so i guess RIP tully's unless LSH comes back. Edmure = pussy. And what the fuck is with the blackfish and the waif dying off screen.
give me a break already
from whos side?
SJW crying?
EG and alliance are the only 2 teams that should get a direct invite /r/dota2
English 3k scrublord but no one watches my stream.
redit its sand its in vag when you try to get region lock.
Katie Kate is pretty good
we need to region lock the game
name of the year upvoted
lol 10 minutes.
lol stfu with this stupid bullshit
when does the open start? I might need to take off work to watch this train wreck
any youtube streams or is this on dota tv?
i hope he wins
calm down F(A)G your team will lose soon enough
i beat they pick NP for bulldog and QOP for mid
Alliance problems lay in the fact that if they can' rat they can't win.
OH SHIT THE BREWMASTER show me how its done you cucks.
SexyBambo seems very out of place here
did't he draft it?
best of luck in the EU qualifiers
(A) should get a direct invite /s
Don't worry allinace fans you make up 75% of reddit and 60% of twitch views Valve will still invite them.
what is this macho man shit
cringe lvl 100
MILK
hopefully TS and EG don't make it. Then Merlini will be out of a job. Because Puppey EE Fear and PPD will be invited instead of him
can't wait for this
Thank you valve for doing the right thing
less invites not more you tool. Flair checks out
why should teams who never win shit get a auto invite just because they are with a gaming agency?
and what did Alliance do this year?
ok so the lans they won. what teams did they play? Sorry you dont get points for beating Tier 3 teams at some backwood event. And also did't they place 16th or 12th at every major this year?
no its down please post in the HBO NOW thread
WunWun last of his name
THE VALE IS HERE BUT WHO SIDE ARE THEY ON?
to be fair here TS did't break any roster rules. They had a player who just up and quit.
no podcasts about this yet&gt;?
Learn to play in the meta or learn something other then Rat and you might get invited.
because alliance fans. DUH!
lol
any youtube streams?
you have to land the hooks
od pix needs to put this on directed cam already. he is all over the place
GET BAITED
puppy don't play axe ever again
anymore TS games?
thank you sir
what if someone DDOS'd EG in the middle of a game?
why does EG get another bye?
what happend to Leviathan?
click on watch
Is Yawar on a team?
whats BSJ's team name
HHH always the kiss ass
they are
these all looks like shit
i put it all on Mongolz
predictions are locked I never knew they where open
unable to watch any games on dota tv
this team playing alliance is 2k mmr
this is 322
secret can win this why don't they just gg already
please beat alliance
loda ck qop mid
they need to reopen this for 24 hours
no please watch it
flair checks out
GranDGrant casting COL VS VG. Only talks about EG please get him off the cast.
did valve just invite every time that did't change the roster? WTF is this draft and ban from VG
no
they draft 5 carry or 5 support. They went support this game
are you even watching the ban/picks?
figures PPD has to act like a hard ass
yikes
why is fluff casting? is't he on a team?
what do u go after Aghs? Shiva?
how do you lose that bad?
maybe
just them everyone else is out
lol alliance fans
What i am saying is this. you have a 3 way tie for first. So they play the tie breakers you should bet the 2 direct invites and then the 1 wildcard.
"remember its just a game"
EZ mafia MMR
Triggered by the truth
Game is't as good as it was a year ago. And the hats last year were better.
