I'm gonna get downvoted to fuck for this: But Breaking Bad. All of that ridiculous, nonsensical shit about the ricin cigarette completely ruined that show for me. The plot surrounding it wasn't clever. It was overly convoluted, and felt like an extremely contrived reason to bring friction into the relationship of the two main characters. I mean, honestly. Write down the ricin cigarette plot in bullet points and tell me it doesn't sound outright retarded.
Any change on conductivity triggers the safey device. You can't cut *wet wood* with it, because it will trigger. Sweat. Water. Bugs. Anything. All of that shit will trigger this device.
Yes. Actually. You just defined what an accident *is*. There are no 'unavoidable accidents'. I know every single accident that happened at the saw mill where I work, and every single fucking one of them can be traced back to people doing unsafe shit or not being told how to do something *properly*. If you use a saw properly, *your fingers will not touch the blade*. If that blade is ever spinning, and your finger touches it, *YOU FUCKED UP*. Unless that blade is literally jumping up out of the machine, *you are at fault*. Fuck, if someone *pushes you into the saw* that is still an accident, and was still avoidable! What world do you live in?
I have thought of an unavoidable accident in the meantime. The benching saw where we worked was open at the top, with a 'blade' at the back, to make sure the wood split open for the guy on the other side to grab and pull it through. It keeps the wood straight. Anyway, wood can, in specific cases, get caught on the *back* of the saw, and get flung forwards at the bencher. I've seen it happen. Thankfully, the bencher saw the wood was cracked and got the fuck out of the way once it started moving through the saw. But it spat a heavy-as-fuck jagged piece of wood a good 5-6 metres out over the floor. Not fatal, sure, but it could have broken bones and given nasty cuts. And there was nothing really you could do to avoid that accident except anticipate it. But that still doesn't involve someone touching the saw. I cannot for the life of me think of a single instance where a finger touches a saw that is avoidable by *simple* safety measures and proper technique. *Maybe* if you're shaving a small amount off the side of a piece of wood. But even then, why aren't you using a fucking wooden wedge to push the rest of the wood through the saw, therefor saving your fingers? Ugh.
That is definitely one place I can see this working.
tl;dw: I spent five minutes in what was clearly a laggy server and uninstalled the game.
In the versions that weren't censored for moral panic, you could murder children. *That* evil.
I'm predicting about... maybe -50. maybe even -100. Unless you chicken the fuck out, /u/MikeVick2015, and delete your comment.
As someone in the outback, all I can think is... Why the fuck isn't that horse gelded?
Lag. Lag in videogames makes me fucking wild. I don't mind if someone is better than me, but as an Australian living in the middle of nowhere with some of the worst internet infrastructure you've ever fucking seen, losing the majority of the time due to latency and lag issues makes me froth at the mouth and scream obscenities at my tv that most other people keep to themselves or yell out of car windows.
Oh, those poor, poor people. What must it be like to have all your personally identifying information in the hands of people who shouldn't have it in the first place?
Probably a test question. The way you answer that can inform the previous answers. For instance, if you masturbated at work and then you go 'wtf no' and it's obviously a lie, the polygraph would show that. The polygraph test is not a 'yes/no' lightshow or something. It's just a collection of data. Sometimes, they need to ask you something completely out of left field to know how you react under the pressure of lying, so they can compare it to other tests. There are probably questions like that on every polygraph test.
Just about the only person in the world to fully inhale a plastic dart and survive. Go me.
This.
Number 1 isn't really super attractive. Too flat. But I'd sure pick it over the last frame. I don't understand the fascination with tits. They're just.... there.
Jesus. If that's true, how did you survive? Swallowing a battery is no fucking joke.
Hello? Netflix? Why do you have the same episodde listed twice? It's a re-run sir. You don't need to do fucking re-runs. The old episode is still there! We need to do this sir. How will other people ever find the episode if we don't post it several times over? By LOOKING for it? We think people are too stupid to do that and too stupid to notice. We're gonna keep re-uploading the same episode under slightly different names. Good day, and thanks for the karma.
Yes. And I would hate myself for every fucking second afterwards.
Pluto has moons? I thought pluto was already a planetoid or someshit. *edit* And after some research, apparently it has four moons. I was told none of this in school.
Absolute fucking scum. I think the userbase of that sub should be made aware of what kind of fucking idiotry it's run by.
Mining - still fucked by collectors not working if you use more than one. Bounty hunting - still fucked by no enemies spawning. Missions - still fucked by bounty board bug Exploration data - probably still fucked by the bug that causes your save game to become corrupted. So, in total, we have a patch that didn't really fix any of the problems with four of the five only ways to earn money. Cool.
Use six. You'll see. The collectors, at least for me, CONSTANTLY fucking bug out. The main one is that they all go for the same target. I've literally had a second collector pop out of my ship and take the fucking item a collector is ALREADY bringing to me. And then there's the collectors that come back, and expire immediately after a single run. But mainly, it's when they fucking form a snail trail all following one collector. You've got one collector actually grabbing things, and *FIVE OF THE FUCKING THINGS* following after it doing exactly nothing. And the only way to fix them is to blow them up by turning off your collector system. Watch your collector on radar next time you're mining. You'll start to notice it. My clipper has 130-ish cargo. I went out with 70 drones and with all the fucking bugging out, I managed to mine a grand total of like 20 tons. If they didn't bug out, it would be *amazing*. I would actually enjoy mining.
nah, I'm down to using two and they do the same thing. Both will travel at the same fragments, one will grab it, the other will follow. They return. Rinse, repeat.
Very handsome.
I don't mine at RES sites specifically because of pirates. I went there llooking for pirates to kill. Found nothing. Went back there to do mining, and lo and behold, a wing of three cunt MK3's started shooting up my mining rig. So I warped out, came back in, and a fucking *anaconda* crept up behind me like I didn't fucking see him lurking back there. As he scanned me, I lowered my weapons and started to bail (Can't catch a clipper, bitch!) but he just said 'uhhh, by the looks of you, I'm just gonna move on' and left. Never saw another pirate all my mining time. Pre-patch, mining was *impossible* because you would be constantly molested by pirates.
As someone *in a relationship with a trans person*, I think I can most adequately say this: Why are so many trans people whiny goddamn cunts? Why do they have this giant fucking chip on their shoulder and feel that they're competing in the 'I'm oppressed' olympics because they have an affliction? I've got ADHD. Does that give me the right to be a cunt to anyone that isn't ADHD? Do I get to ban people who post in subs like /r/multitasking? That mod needs to get the chip off his shoulder, and use it to build a bridge and get the fuck OVER himself. What a goddamn piece of shit.
any time I read something as retarded as 'cissexist' all I hear in my head is 'HURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR DURRRRRRRRRR' People who unironically use that phrase are morons.
When you make up words to suit your agenda, they can mean whatever the fuck you want. Doesn't mean we won't sit there and laugh at how retarded they are.
I wonder what the cross section of people who read reddit, and people who drink camel urine, is.
I completely agree with him about the 'play through the pain' thing. Pain is your body's way of telling you something is wrong. Ignoring that is a bad fucking idea. I have a fucked wrist to this day, from *years ago*, because I decided to ignore pain and continue working. Several years and two operations later, and they can't fix it. They basically just told me to live with it. So I have a gimpy wrist *for the rest of my fucking life*. The rest of it, however, is complete hogwash.
Not to mention he'll fuck mothers from around the world. Or at least scream that he does.
The stairwell of a hospital. The back of a greyhound bus.
I was gonna say 'absolutely none' but there is one song... It's not even a sad song. [Penny Arcade - Roy Orbison](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvqdEopJ2SI) It was a song my grandmother really, really liked. She played it all the time, and I remember it vividly from my childhood, even though I haven't heard it in near a decade. It was the song they played when we carried her casket out of the church.
Before you go reaching for google: River Tam - Serenity
&gt;We're aware of a tool, for example, which automates combat logging for players near death. Anyone who uses something like this should be banned from playing the game. Period. What absolute fucking scum.
That's what I mean though. It adds no 'new' functionality except the toggle itself. The buttons are all already there. The two hopper buttons you push to empty the hopper when it's full. All we need is a toggle that pushes them when they're full. Maybe a logic gate or w/e you call it for if it's been pressed a few times already so it doesn't bug out and try pressing it a billion times a second and blow your computer up, and we're all good!
They could probably scum around that a bit by saying that they still have the game, have access to the game, can do whatever they want with it as per UK consumer laws. They're just not welcome on Frontier's servers any more...
If you're mining in a pristine ring with three or four collection drones, you have to go back and forth between your refinery screen every few seconds and babysit it to make sure your drones actually do what you want them to do. It's just a chore part of mining that doesn't need to be there.
Amy's Bakery.
Amy couldn't take *meta* criticism. 'It's obvious you can't take criticism' made her go off her fucking rocker. I was offering an example of someone who can't handle criticism in the slightest.
That'll show him!
Nobody really wants to support pro-censorship reddit at this point. So I might as well just shitpost. P.S. the top comments are sometimes replies to original posts. Why are you oppressing comment replies by not gilding them?
When you make peaceful posting impossible, you make rampant shitposting inevitable.
Do you defend them using that as a smokescreen to ban /r/neogafinaction ? What about the other 'fatpeoplehate' subs with no posts open for months before today, that are suddenly banned as well?
The grey wizard has fallen :(
Black wizard? Fuck. I haven't watched those movies in too long. Gandalf was grey and then white and saruman was ech.
If they operate like the mob, we should treat them like the mob. Anyone got a baseball bat? We should start breaking some legs.
From what I heard, so was FPH. They did everything possible to avoid getting banned.
I saw a screenshot of their 'rule breaking'. They had a picture of an (obese) imgur moderator/admin whatever, and that was it. Just a picture in the sidebar. And their entire subreddit got nuked because that's 'harassment'. Not to mention the neogaf subreddit bans that have no reason whatsoever. There's a very real possibility that KiA will be get banned. Personally, I hope they do. It'll be fun watching reddit die.
Swapping up to my clipper was hilarious. Seeing pirates in RES zones just back the fuck off after they scanned me. I had an *ANACONDA* sidle up behind me and scan me. I had my weapons swapped over, and was already targeting his power plant when he said 'uhhh, I'm just gonna leave you alone' and ran away.
I thin shadowbans in that thread wouldn't have been over the limit. I read a bunch of them. There was some very not-nice shit. As much as I don't like Pao and what she's doing to reddit, I respect her for no shadowbanning those people. Directly calling the ceo a 'stupid cunt' and such things does not go over well with anyone. They basically used it as a thread to bash her. And not in a 'hah, look how out of touch she is', more of a 'look at this stupid cunt, everyone. She can't even fucking use her own website. I hope you die'. That type of behavior should not be tolerated anywhere.
If you spent a hundred million on a sidewinder, it's not 'free'.
Wow dude. That argument's so stupid I'm not even going to respond with it. Here's a tip: Strawmen arguments don't make you smart. They make you fucking stupid.
On reddit. In every single fucking sub frequented by more than a dozen people.
I think it's time that all of reddit knows about what kind of fucking bullshit decisions are being made in its running. Voat when? Fuck this place already.
Stargate SG1. Fuck I miss that series. I'd even take Atlantis. Rodney, Ronan, Tayla? They were all awesome. The leads were kind generic though. Felt like they were written as the same character, honestly. After o'neill, they sort of just wrote the same character into two different series.
You know, as someone who doesn't really believe in gun control, people like this make me reconsider.
Welcome to the censorship and narrative war. We didn't start it, but we sure as fuck will finish it.
Yeah, the docking computer sucks on the clipper. As do the fucking collection drones. Ugh. The collection drones fly like fifty metres below you before zooming directly up at your underside. It makes them take an extra 3-4 seconds per run. And that adds up big-time in the long run. And during docking, it flies you directly into the mouth of the station belly-first for some stupid fucking reason. It's done this to me like three or four times now and I've just stopped equipping it on my clipper.
Dear ghazi: Even the moderates of the internet consider you extremist fuckwits. Give it up. You all suck. Not to mention you operate from a subreddit predicated on a narrative you all *know* to be false. We have all the evidence. We have all the facts. You have nothing but bitching and false cries of 'harassment' that even your most brainwashed members can't link to gamergate without mental gymnastics and leaps of logic that would make EVIL KNIEVAL think twice. How can you sit in your literal echo chamber and even pretend you're correct when your only way of countering dissenting opinions is to literally remove them? And all of this *while* harassing people and individuals who don't agree with you. How can any of you justify any sense of moral outrage over *anything* when you run a subreddit so wonderfully fucking stupid, and rife with hypocrisy?
But u guiz were banning behaviorz not ideaz!!!11!!!
I ask myself: would I pay for a battlefield: Star wars DLC? The answer is yes.
Amazing how things work. This prompted me to actually go look up how a tumbler lock works (and how to open one!). I'm probably on a list now.
'Even with'? More like 'aided by'.
It's so much better with visuals. The way he pauses and gives the crowd that look like 'yeah, I just spelled it out, holy shit, it's happening, you KNOW what word I'm talking about!' And the fact that he can play the piano like a fucking DEMON really is just a fucking quirk of fate. How he never got really big, I don't know.
http://codes.lp.findlaw.com/decode/11/5/II/770 I'm not defending the guy, but there are a lot of different ways you can be charged with 'rape of the fourth degree'. Including consensual sex with a 16 year old. It's statutory rape, but because he's over 30, it's 'rape in the fourth degree'. We don't even know if any rape (in the sense that it was non-consensual) even happened. But hey. Plaster his name all over the news. &gt;The boy and Coogan texted each other and agreed to have a sex on March 19, court documents said. From another article on the same story. It was consensual, and he's still scum for wanting to fuck an underage kid. But can we please not pretend like he lured the *post-pubescent* boy into his home and held him down and raped him?
Dear courts Please fuck them in the ass Sincerely, Everyone
I wasn't actively sucking dev dick when I posted, so got downvoted. This is one of the worst subs on reddit, I swear. All I can suggest is that you try both private group, and open. Also, try two private groups, one started by you, one by your friend.
$700,000 worth of social life ^^^sob
Have you ever actually put something 'low fat' in your mouth before? that tells you everything you need to know. It's like having 'coke' and 'diet coke'. Why is there regular coke if diet coke is exactly the same? Because diet coke tastes like ass is why. And you wouldn't drink it if you weren't on a diet.
Because in some places in America, men can be charged with rape because a woman raped him while he was blackout drunk and he didn't ask for her consent while she was raping him. That's pretty much why.
Ha! About time something beat that garbage. Candy crush is the gaming equivalent of click-bait with the majority of the articles hidden behind a fucking paywall.
Why the fuck would you go shooting up a church?
I'm glad I'm not the only one!
I could never be a police officer. Imagine that kind of shit just being part of your fucking day. Once they were done at that crash site, that officer holding the child had to go do fucking paperwork. How could you possibly get on with your day after distracting a newly-orphaned little boy/girl from the sight of their dead parents a handful of metres away? Fuck. That.
They're going to be literally punching and kicking the fuck out of each other. Do you really think a woman would not wear a bra in that circumstance? Jesus, they'd probably superglue them together or something.
It's more efficient to move with wheels. Legs require more energy and more torque to move, than it takes to spin a wheel. Furthermore, it's more complicated. When sending things to other planets, 'K.I.S.S.' is king. Keep it simple, stupid. The less moving parts, the less chance there is for something to break. Moving joints are a lot more prone to things like dust affecting them and whatnot, than a sealed driveshaft for a set of wheels. You simply can't rely on newer technology that isn't as sturdy because if it breaks, it's *broken*. You can't zip down to radio shack and buy some replacement parts. *edit* derped up a sentence there
My sister related a story to me. She was with a friend, and she said she was turning 21 soon. The friend asked how old I was, and my sister said 22. Her friend then asked 'huh... has he always been older than you?' followed by '...that's the dumbest thing I've ever said.'
I think 'justice' would be to strap this guy to a chair, put a pistol with a single round in it on a table in front of him, and then leave each widow, each husband, each person who lost a family member, in there with him alone, for five minutes each. Complete amnesty included. Maybe they'll just kneecap him. Or maybe they'd take him the fuck out. That would be 'justice' in my eyes.
Whole lot of people in the imgur comments who have never been into a fight. 'Why do they take off their shirts?!' If you've ever been in an actual fight, it's obvious.
What the did you just say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in English, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on l33t sp34k, and I have over 30,000 confirmed corrections. I am trained in classical writing and I’m the top author in the entire US forces of penmanship. You are nothing to me but just another typo. I will wipe you the out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, . As we speak I am contacting my secret network of grammar nazis across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can correct you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my keyboard. Not only am I extensively trained in penmanship, but I have access to the entire webster's online dictionary and numerous thesauruses and I will use them to their full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re dead, kiddo.
Exactly. A shirt is something for your opponent to grab. They can just grab your shirt, lean back, and use their bodyweight to literally throw you around. And it sucks because the mouth of a shirt is around your fucking neck. It's really hard to grab a handful of person and yank them around, but really, really easy to grab a handful of shirt and do the same.
This is why taking off the shirt is a preliminary, before you get face-to-face. If they're already in your face, you get distance and then remove your shirt.
So much snark lately and so many downvotes. did I touch a nerve somewhere? Live a little. Get in a fucking fight once in a while so people don't laugh at you for knowing the first thing about why people do something.
The reason you're getting downvoted is because you missed the crux of the point of self-defense. Just because this woman can hit you over and over again and not seriously injure you, does not mean she has the fucking right to. It is your right to retaliate physically if someone gets physical with you first. Now, if he straddled her and punched her in the face over and over again, using his physical strength and weight to pin her down, helpless, then yeah, he should be stopped. That's going too far. But the moment to make violent contact with someone else, you gonna get body slammed and there should be *no one* who stands up and says 'he shouldn't have done that'. That's the fucking backwards kind of thinking that's led to us arriving in this cultural place already.
That body slam was so fucking satisfying. I enjoy loud mouth cunts being put in their place, male or female. Take a good look ladies, this is *your* privilege. Up until the point where she gets body slammed, that's female privilege. Because if it was a guy standing up wanting to fight like that the video would have been over at the :50 mark when she was screaming 'hit me! Hit me!'
Fuck that's cute.
Australian here. You're gonna need those guns in a decade or two. The government aint changing any time soon, and once we get these robots in to do transport jobs and etc, the unemployment rate is going to skyrocket. There simply won't be enough jobs to go around and corporations are going to be shoving even more wealth into their pockets while the average worker gets nothing. And the government aint going to fix it. And whether you're on the side of the government, or of the people, you're going to need those guns. I know for fact that if shit goes down over here, we can't overthrow our government. We simply can't 'rise up' any more because we have no weapons to do it with. Bonus mini-rant: Americans are too attached to their guns. You can't say 'we're taking away guns' and expect the people with guns to give them up. *They have the guns*. It's a really, really fucking horrible thing to say, but I'm going to say it. Less people are going to die, *in the short term*, from mas-killings and spree killings, than would get killed trying to take the guns from the gun-nuts of America. In a generation or two, the gun-nuts will be replaced by moderate people who aren't so gun-crazed, and you'll be able to phase out firearm ownership in a safe, practical way that won't end in a miniature civil war. That is if there isn't a civil war after robotics take all of your job before then. Who knows what will happen after that.
Or maybe I didn't grow up in a place with crowded hallways? I'm from outback australia. We had less people in our school than you have in most classrooms. And fights take place in open areas with plenty of room to grab something like a shirt, or a bag, and spin the other person right to the ground and curb stomp the fuck out of them.
...I see no problem with this.
Of course they have. Due process? Search without a warrant? Aint nobody got time for that! There are terrorists among us!
That's a 24 beer sword!
It's like circumcision. Once upon a time it served a purpose. But these days, you really only do it because you don't know any better, because other people do it, and/or you think it 'looks better'.
Uhm. Okay. So. If he began by reading wikipedia, THE ENTRENCHED EDITORS ARE AT FAULT. Not gamergate. Gamergate doesn't have a fucking voice on wikipedia because of the scumfuck editors sucking admin dick over there and colluding to push this retarded fucking narrative. Even if he *STARTED ON THE FUCKING GAMERGATE PAGE* those words are not the words of gamergate. We are not allowed a voice on wikipedia. You and you fucking cronies made sure of that. Your fucking move, Bernstein, you morally bankrupt fucking hack.
That's actually a very good thing for your dog to do. Take the game case out and throw it, wash it off with the hose. Imagine if he did that shit on the carpet (literally, lol). Urgh.
Cleanliness, etc. The dudes used to live in deserts, and sandy crotch would have been the *worst*.
Nobody has said Morgan Freeman? That guy has the most legendary voice of any human alive... And he's old. Jesus. I should just shut up.
Well you're removing something that you have no reason to remove, and doing it to a creature that can't consent to said thing. Imagine if there was a sect of people who chopped off their kids earlobes. What would you think of those people?
Okay, Clarice, I'm going to give this to you straight. Probably the only straight thing you'll see, or hear for the entire day. So *pay attention*. This is a place full of Doctor Cox's. I'm Doctor Cox, he can be Doctor Cox, and even you, you whiny ingrate, can be the epitome of awesome that is: Doctor Cox. But not all Doctor Cox's are *equal*. Some of them are, quite frankly, *un*equal. They're morons. They're appletini-sipping, Hugh-Jackman worshipping, happily-married *morons* who don't understand the entire purpose of this wondrous place. So when you see those people, you have to remember, newbie. They're idiots. They're not the real Doctor Cox. Downvote them and move along. Hell, if you're feeling *particularly* manly, RES-tag them as 'MOST DEFINITELY NOT DOCTOR COX'. And when all of you whiny little children gather together all do this at the same time, the dumb Doctor Cox's who never answer questions and just insult you will get pushed to the bottom of the retard pile where they belong. The reason why this happens now is because you idiots never figured this out on your own and have to come to an *adult* to tell you the most simplistic thing you could ever be told! My *god* why do I even bother? ^It's ^not ^like ^you ^guys ^ever ^listen ^to ^me. ^^Every ^^single ^^time. ^^^I ^^^swear. ^^^^Didn't ^^^^even ^^^^listen ^^^^the ^^^^last ^^^^four ^^^^times ^^^^this ^^^^was ^^^^asked.
That is so incredibly fucking random.
It's currently 6PM and I'm reading reddit, pondering on slouching upstairs soon to cook up some motherfucking rump steak.
Old cum that has gone 'off'. Seriously. Don't ever smell that. Just the memory of it makes me want to throw up now.
And banning neogaf subreddits? What about the FPH-related subreddits that existed BEFORE the ban, that were banned? Were they banned for evading a ban because they were created before the ban was instated?
Where does it say the invention is fictional? I commented in the thread saying it was retarded anyway. It's like taste-testing for poisons. It only lets you know *after* you've stuck your dick in the girl. And if you're going to use the condom and like rub it on her beforehand, you might as well make it a stick like a pregnancy test or something at that point. Utterly impractical.
I've been trying to skim through the mire of threads for the last ten minutes and I'm not finding shit about which subreddits existed before the FPH bannings and were banned anyway. I know there were several, I saw comments referencing them and how bullshit it was that they were taken down as well. They appear to be lost in the mire of clones springing up. Anyway, the 'ban evading' is irrelevant. They were banning behaviors, not ideas. Their own words. So tell me, if these new clone subs were not doing the same 'behaviors', why are they subsequently banned? And don't say 'ban evasion' because the ban was against their behaviors, NOT THEIR IDEAS. And if the behavior they're banning is 'hating on fat people' that is literally banning an *idea*. http://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/39gxbz/megathread_subreddit_banning_admin_criticism/cs3ilwr A list of known banned fph-related subreddits. But since they're all banned, I can't exactly go through and figure out which ones were created before the ban-spree.
I don't mind them reporting on an idea, but they need to make it clear that what they're reporting on is, in fact, an idea, and not an actual object.
I have never before wanted to punch a woman in the jaw as much as I do right now. Why the *fuck* did these idiots holding the phone not do anything? If I saw that shit happening near me, I would have stood up and beat the absolute *fuck* out of the aggressor. Fuck gender roles. Fuck everything. If you're going to act like a fucking savage, you can get punched in the face like one. That little kid screaming because some fucking subnormal *cunt* dragged her mother off a park bench fills me with a goddamn unnatural amount of rage. Fuck those people. Fuck their skin colour. Fuck their gender. I would cheer if the end of the video showed someone knocking them the fuck out for being the worst kind of subhuman fucking *scum*.
I am the original fucking poster. And I just clarified that I didn't read about a fph subreddit getting the banhammer after the fact for no reason, it was a neogaf one. I just gave you a crystal clear example of where the admins banned an idea, not behavior. And you can't explain it away with 'ban evasion' because, while neogaf was banned, neogafinaction was created six months prior to the banning. Ergo, it cannot be ban evasion. Put up or shut the fuck up.
Oh, I'm the idiot? I'll be over here with all the facts on my side, you can be over there with your strawmen arguments and complete lack of a point. Kthnxbai.
You asked for which sub was banned after the fact, I gave you it. Your only retort was 'you're a fucking idiot' or somesuch. If this is really logical in your mind, then I suggest seeking professional help. Your delusions are reaching critical retardation.
Again, you harp on about that. I admitted my mistake. It wasn't a fph-related sub I read about. It was a neogaf sub. And it was banned for the same reason, included in the *same post* as the bans on FPH. Ergo, it's the same as the bannings for fph. But no, you've got your head so *far* up your own ass that the fumes from your own reeking fecal matter have clouded your senses to the point that you think 'Buh buh it's not fph sub therefore the admins aren't at fault!' is something fucking logical. It doesn't matter what the sub was based on, because it was banned, and then the sister sub banned, and it couldn't have been for ban evasion. Why am I even bothering to explain this to you? You're clearly too dense and wilfully fucking ignorant to understand a simple string of facts in a row. You **moron**.
It sucks more that when you shine a flashlight past the surface and explain to them exactly what's going on down there, they still don't understand it and call you a fucking moron.
If you don't play games, then you shouldn't care about *gamer*gate. We focus primarily on games. It's right there in our name. If you've never touched a controller or a keyboard in your life, then you should have no opinion on gamergate and nobody should try to give you one.
Take screencaps of it, screencap your evidence, post it all on /r/undelete, here, voat, elsewhere. Don't let this happen without a fight. And make sure reddit burns if they refuse to clarify that they're banning ideas and not behaviors. Do not stand for censorship.
/r/neogafinaction was banned. You can say 'ban evasion' all you want, because they got rid of /r/neofag, but guess what? neogafinaction existed for six months before the banning spree. So please, tell me more about how the admins are doing this for 'ban evasion'.
It's hilarious how deluded you guys are. Are you really this dense? Are you *really* this goddamn fucking stupid? Actually, you're part of Ghazi. Don't answer that question. No answer you ever give will do anything more than shine a spotlight on the deficiencies in your ability to think critically.
Every time I read on of these stories about a rapist being the worst scum of the earth ever, I go looking through the comments (or sometimes the story itself if I'm there early), to find out why the article in question or the headline itself is completely fucking bullshit and clickbait. If this fucking buzzfeed? Why do we let clickbait float to the surface? Grow a fucking brain people. But nope. OP makes a clickbait titles and lets all upvote it with righteous indignation without even reading the facts!
&gt;The file-sharing service, Ares, was the same one used by another Hagerstown man recently accused of possession of child pornography in an apparently unrelated case. You name a file-sharing service, and it has child porn on it. That's a sad fact about p2p file sharing services.
Exactly as was explained. I try to keep my answers as real to the subject being asked as possible, *cough* unlike some other Dr Cox's around here. It's a place for men who reject the advantages women have in today's societies. Or at least, feel threatened by them (false rape accusations, for instance, female partner's dominance of social issues I.E. she sets up the dinner dates, decides where they go for dinner, or makes the lion's share of decisions regarding the day-to-day life of the couple). But with that being said, the kinds of people that congregate there just seem to have a hateboner going for women. At least, that's how I understand I place. Understandable intentions, but an absolutely horrible place. Sort of like SRS for men.
Probably practicality. It would have to be a keychain of some kind, it would be expensive (All GPS technology is due to the way it works), and furthermore, it woudn't be highly practical. You'd need a second device to see where the GPS device is located, and even then, it only works for something big, accurately. Say the margin for error is 1 metre. With a car, it's always going to show where the car is. But with a tiny thing like car keys? It'll be able to direct you to which room it is in. Some phones already come with GPS tracking. There's apps for iphones that let you locate where you iphone is when it's on. [For instance](https://itunes.apple.com/au/app/phone-tracker-for-iphones/id447442214?mt=8) A lot of the problems that could be solved by tagging all your shit with GPS devices could be solved by just being more organized, or by a 'leash' for your item so you can't drop it.
This exact same 'blank I'm not even mad' has been done before. Stop trying to get free karma on other people's ideas. *edit* [It's](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2fzn0p/after_seeing_the_blank_posts_on_the_front_page/) [been](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2g02fb/i_also_want_to_make_it_to_the_front_page_with_a/) [done](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2gab36/remember_when_that_guy_made_it_to_the_front_page/) [to](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2g58wi/i_hear_people_are_getting_to_the_front_page/) [death](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/25rggv/a_lot_of_people_have_been_making_the_front_page/) [already](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2jfd6o/remember_the_time_that_people_were_getting_to_the/)
I thought that we as a species were pretty much beyond beheading each other because of imaginary friends. Grow the fuck up, people.
Primitive handicapped bars. Also a bitching armrest for when you really need that extra leverage to poop.
Hahahaha. You think ANY of that will happen in America in the next decade? It's going to take a revolution for any meaningful change to happen. Fuck, it's taken a decade or more for them to legalize pot. You think the government will adapt to streamlined automation and robots doing the heavy lifting?
And after the Charlie Hedbo thing I thought the French government had balls... Apparently not.
On one hand, transparency in what is being deleted under the 'right to be forgotten' is nice. On the other hand, fuck you guys. People *do* have the right to be forgotten. Why are you undermining that? Why are you contributing to a society where all our flaws are dredged up year after year so that we can be punished socially for them?
About fucking time. Today is a great day, not just for gays, but for *people* and *society* itself.
So, when you were 16, you drank and drove, and killed someone by accident. Twenty years later, a simple googling of your name leads to an article where the details are all spelled out. And every single fucking year, someone brings it up again because they decided to google your name and saw what you did. Even though you've long since put it behind you, any cunt with a phone, a laptop, whatever, can instantly find out what you did. Is that 'fair' in your world?
because my imaginary friend isn't the same imaginary friend as your imaginary friend. Therefore, I must kill you. My imaginary friend told me so in a book he wrote by telling his apostles five thousand years ago to write and has been translated at least five different times and lost and re-found and re-written by new blokes. Clearly, I have no choice but to kill you.
Touched a spanner to the side of a loader while trying to loosen the nut on the battery. The burn healed. The spanner melted halfway through. It was pretty cool.
And since the TPP was apparently passed in secret recently, now liable to put you in jail for the rest of your life! Lube up your anus before accessing those sites, because the corporations are coming for you.
The fuck did you say about my imaginary friend? I'll kill you! And thus the cycle perpetuates.
This is called a 'background check'. Heard of them yet? They're a way for employers to know if the people they're going to employ did anything without having court case information open the public. Because apparently, I'm the last person on the reddit that gives a shit about any kind of privacy unless the government is trying to stick their nose in. Government is not allowed any information on the people, but everyone should be able to google everything about everyone else!
Such gutless wankers. Can't even stick to their guns. If you're going to be cowardly, cringing pieces of shit and start removing games because they dare show symbols that other people conflate with hate (imagine if all games were banned that showed any nazi symbols), then at least stick to your convictions. But nope, instead of showing some fucking spine just bow under public pressure the same way you did the retarded fucking thing of banning them in the first place. Fuck you, apple.
Not really, no. Not if you have any concept of personal privacy.
Well, according to this other comment down there, 10% of the candidates were female. Probably for sexist reasons. But hey, lets chop off 30% of people *qualified for the fucking position* and replace them with women of indeterminate abilities. Gender or racial 'quotas' are fucking retarded. The people that show the most aptitude should get the job. And they're talking about *running a fucking country*. This would be a bad enough decision if you said '40% of all nurses must now be male' where you're putting less qualified, or less apt people in, in exchange for people who should be there. What was being smoked by the people that came up with this? They're trying to be progressive at the expense of common fucking sense.
I'm not saying try to hide it. I'm saying don't make it as easy to find as typing 'P. J. Weatherly' into google and suddenly knowing everything about the guy. You can read court documents... if you go down to the court and make a request. Do you see the difference? Barriers to entry mean that, instead of just picking up your phone and thinking 'huh, I'll just invade this guy's privacy' you have to actually go to some kind of effort to do so.
Good strawman, bro. Removing the information from google listings is not 'censorship' because the information is still there. You just can't find it by typing in the person's name. You have to actually research what you want to find out. You know, like with any court ruling that was covered by a newspaper. Or asking for the court documents.
These are the people whose idea of 'good game design' are invulnerability phases, power-neutering, and constant knock-down spam as 'difficulty'.
I ducked down the back of the local pub to have a smoke after the new laws came in that meant you couldn't smoke inside. There was no real 'area' set aside for it, so we just walked out the back and had a smoke. Dude was just laying there on his face, sort of spread-eagled. His neck was twisted at an angle, and even though it wasn't *much* of an angle it was far enough to be like, you know, broken. It didn't look *right*. I didn't want to touch him, because I thought he was pretty much dead, but I sucked up all my courage and sort of wiggled my fingers down past the collar of his jacket to check his pulse. I wanted to roll him over to make it easier, but I kinda thought maybe he might have broken his back or neck or something, especially with that weird tilt, and if he was still alive I didn't want to roll the poor cunt over and cause problems with his spine. But there was no pulse. Guy was *dead*. But as I moved his jacket, I saw a bit of paper taped to his front. Some kind of suicide note or something. So I carefully wiggled the piece of paper out from under him, and it ripped a little bit as it came free of the sticky tape. But the words on it were clearly legible still. Scribbled all hasty-like, like he was in a hurry to get his message out before he jumped off a fucking roof. I'll never forget those scrawled words. 'OP should have added a 'serious' tag.'
Corrupt.
&gt;jokes regarding the lack of a serious tag every time a serious question is posted without one Funny, that.
How many people even have over 100K karma? I can't fathom how you'd get that much karma without actively *trying* to.
Depends on the angle. If you fire it straight up, no. It loses momentum, starts tumbling, and just becomes a mildly painful hit. Now, if you fire your gun off in the air at a low enough angle, the bullet doesn't hit its 'zenith'. It gets dragged back to earth while still going incredibly fast. That can hit and kill someone.
Short answer: no. Long answer: Hell no. Yes, imagine bullets fired throughout war. On a ballistic trajectory. Buried in the earth, buried in the walls, buried in rock, floorboards, trees, sandbags... Anything resistant enough to bullets turns said bullet into a spray of shards. Most bullets end up as misshapen lumps. To 'recover' bullets for later use, you would have to get the bullets from a war ground, where live ordnance may still be an issue, endangering people's lives, and then somehow collect all these bullets *from inside the scenery*, and send them all to a depot to be sorted, melted down, and made into new bullets. The only way that will ever happen is if humanity becomes *desperate* for metal. Until then, it's not viable from both time, and cost effectiveness. Not to mention it would all be getting rusty out there in the elements... There's just no way to make that viable.
Adolph Hitler. Guy shaped modern history more than any other person known. If you ask someone 'who is Adolph Hitler?' they know who he is. Nobody ever said 'who is Hitler?' He damn near exterminated an entire race off the planet. He is the measure by which we judge evil. Not to say that anything he did was good. But it was *important* to note that he did all of those things. Fucking horrific, but important.
I live in outback queensland. The power goes out more often than the fucking internet does. It's retarded. It hasn't gone out properly for a month or two now. But every other month we get a power outage that lasts a good six hours or more.
Justin Bieber. Guy is trying so hard to foster a 'bad guy' image while being an all-around douchebag anyway. Coming out and saying he doesn't smoke pot would be like Beyonce coming out and saying she's asexual.
When you're an extremist, even the most moderate of behaviors are seen as extreme. Guess what, NYC cops? You're basically fucking terrorists at this point.
Terrorist definition: &gt;a person who uses terrorism in the pursuit of political aims. And the definition of terrorism: &gt;the use of violence and threats to intimidate or coerce, especially for political purposes. Furthermore, terrorists generally ascribe to this notion that they understand the world more than the people they're terrorizing. They're above them. Better than them. Doing bad things to them is 'right' and 'justified'. NYC cops are basically domestic terrorists at this point. They're given free reign to do whatever the fuck they want without any repercussions. You know what that does? It makes people afraid of the cops. Especially when they're gunning down unarmed civilians and not getting punished for it. And their reaction to the idea of reform? They get pissed off. How dare people try to reform one of the worst police systems in America! They're extremists. Drawing similarities between them and terrorists isn't a huge leap. P.S. please point at where I equated NYC cops with ISIS? I think you need to learn the intricacies of the English language. There are plenty of dictionaries you can use online.
I'm not gay, but... Hugh Jackman. After he takes off the sideburns.
It's been reviewed and considered. By the people it will profit the most. They're trying to keep everyone else from seeing what it will do.
So, in between training to fight crime, earning millions upon millions of dollars, building a mansion, and patrolling the streets to fight crime, Batman looked up the statistical rates of torture effectiveness published by a government that probably doesn't exist in his universe, and realised that maybe he shouldn't be torturing people because it's shown to be fallible. SAID NO ON FUCKING EVER. Why can't characters have flaws? Why can't people not operate with the entire fucking spectrum of information? Just because a writer, a game developer or whatever, can use google and wikipedia and look all this fucking garbage up does not mean that the character thinks 'I'll torture this guy for information - BUT FIRST. TO WIKIPEDIA! I MUST ENSURE THAT THIS METHOD OF INFORMATION RETRIEVAL IS VIABLE AS SAID BY PEER-REVIEWED PAPERS!'
The problem with torture IRL is that you're not asking specific questions. You're asking vague shit. Sure, maybe 'WHERE IS OSAMA BIN LADEN?' is a very direct question. But unless you catch someone who knows where he is, you're fucked. Generally, it's like 'what do you know about Al Qaeda's information network?' You can lie about that quite easily. You can bullshit, whatever. Now, if someone took your wife, torturing them for information could fucking work. At least, 24-style. Drag the guy with you and threaten to kill him if he was wrong. If you're going to just wander off when he gives his answer, he'll just lie to you. But you say 'I'll be back for you if you lie' and leave him tied up, he's probably going to tell you the truth in the hopes that you won't return and keep hurting him.
You clearly haven't watched many female comedians. The vast majority of them are like that.
Don't worry. Once the corporations get their way, those people will have neither.
'I don't put much stock in flags. Flags are just symbols. And I leave symbols to the symbol-minded.'
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamergate 'Gamergate' is actually an ant.
That entire thing looks fake as fuck. That last shot ruined it entirely. A pistol bullet will not hit a deer at that range and knock it down immediately. It doesn't have enough stopping power. If you hit it square in the temple, it might jerk and drop like a puppet with its string's cut, but a slow lowering to the ground indicates some kind of heart-shot that kills the animal nearly instantly, but not quite. A lung shot or similar would cause the animal to run. Furthermore, the bullet has *no* travel time. Bullets travel fast, but not *that* fast. In the first shot, the guy isn't even aiming at the target he's supposedly hitting! His bullets would *clearly* end up in the bushes several metres to the right of the target. In the second group, where he's shooting the targets in the air, the final gunshot continues to play and echo even when we're given over to a new shot where he's rolling to shoot the cans.
Being against gay marriage. You put one of these idiots up against an alien, and have them explain their point. 'Well, you see, I'm against gay marriage because the zombie wizard who lives in the sky said in a book written and translated like three thousand years ago, that men should not lie with other men. Which is clearly a reference to gay marriage and not something taken out of the context of the culture it was written in and the context of a parable. Also, because fuck those people. I don't want gays to marry and therefore they shouldn't marry.' Also, smoking cigarettes. So, you mean to tell me, that you let a corporation sell something that is *addictive*, and literally slowly kills you over the course of many years? Hey, come out with a new product like that these days and people will look at you like you're crazy. Hey, did you know that artificial sweeteners cause cancer!? And they made them ADDICTIVE! Meaning you want more and more and it's impossible to kick! And it's COMPLETELY LEGAL! How does the government let corporations do this?! This is stressing me out so bad I need a cigarette. Try to explain EITHER of those things to a rational alien and they'll give up on the human race as a whole, most likely.
You know what else is against your religion? Shellfish. What about blended fabrics? Working on the Sabbath, anyone? Why does everyone remove 'don't lie with another man' from the cultural context and parable-nature of the bible, but feel content to not do the same bullshit to everything else? This is why I hate devout religious people in general. You don't get to fucking pick and choose. You're either all for the book, or not at all. You don't get to sit down and say 'I believe in god, I believe he wrote this book, I will do exactly as he says in the book, but fuck that little bit, I like shellfish'. So maybe the next time someone walks into your store wearing blended fabrics, you should kick them out for being against your religion, you hypocritical *cunt*.
There's a question you need to ask here: Was the seal on the game case already broken? If the seal was broken, then take it back to the store itself and cause more of a fuss than the game is worth. They'll give a new game just to avoid issues. Now, if the seal WASN'T BROKEN when they got the game, it's not the store's fault, but rather, the manufacturer's. My own story time: I purchased 'The Pacific' from a dv/cd store in grand central, Toowoomba. When I got it home, the insert was inside the case, but none of the DISCS THEMSELVES were. I rang them up, explained the situation, didn't even ask for a replacement or anything, just asked like, wtf can I do, and they mailed me out the discs. Free of charge. Some stores are just cunts, I guess.
OP's mom. Very cheap and VERY nasty.
Nausea. It's so pervasive. It colours everything else you do. And it's inescapable. there's nothing you can DO about it, either. You're just nauseous. Your stomach is thinking if ejecting its contents. And then there's hunger nausea, where you're so fucking hungry you feel weak, but your stomach is churning so hard and broiling over with disgust that you feel crawling up the back of your throat like green tentacle gas that you can't stomach taking a single bite of food or a sip of water.
As an Australian, I would just like to say AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH
John C. McGinley He played Doctor Cox on Scrubs.
In a nation of 300million+ 1200 is fucking nothing.
I'm really hoping they go with the route of making the ninja more historically accurate instead of just black clothes, short sword, sneak around. A game that tries to be at least mildly historically accurate with ninja'ing would be fucking amazing.
Uhhhm... Tehuevi, I think? There's a station orbiting a pristine ringed gas giant that I use for mining. Get decent amounts of painite and whatnot. But the missions never changed the entire time I sat in the station. I guess I need to fly around. Which is shite because I always get interdicted by pirates.
Enjoy your ban :D
As an Australian, I have to ask: What the fuck is an icestorm? I truly, sincerely have not heard of these and would like to know.
It's been three weeks. Three weeks and one day, exactly. You could have waited at least a *month* before being a cunt about it, but you didn't. The shit is still in *cinemas* for fucks sake. I mean, honestly, if it was direct-to-dvd or some kind of digital download, I couldn't give a fuck. But as someone living in remote Australia, I can't see this movie without pirating it online or travelling four hours in PERSONAL TRANSPORT to the nearest cinema to see it. And that's not on a fucking train, or on a bus. That would be me, fueling my car, driving four hours to an evening showing of it, and then driving another four hours back home just because dumb cunts on reddit can't hold their fucking tongues.
Funny how all of the things they're talking about happened before gamegate was even a thing... If they did that shit now, gamergate would be at the forefront of the pushback against that censoring. I am, to this day, banned from the SR4 discussion board for 'advocating privacy', Pic for proof: http://oi66.tinypic.com/34g0wo8.jpg Because I DARED to ask why the fuck my pre-order was being changed to a 'rest of the world' edition, thereby completely excluding me from being able to play with my friends who weren't being censored, while pointing out that pirating the game would have gotten around any of this bullshit censorship AND allowed me to fucking play with my friends. Gamergate was attacking this bullshit since the fucking beginning. We've been at the forefront of of the fight against censorship. We just weren't called 'gamergate'. We were just fucking gamers back then. This shit happened before gamergate was a thing. Want to know why we're not making a big deal about it any more? Because *it's not fucking happening right now*. The censorship of the Japanese games *is*. I fucking guarantee you that when they pull more bullshit like this, we will address it and condemn it with equal or greater fervour.
Damn skippy. The 'zoe post' happened on August 16, 2014. Even if you were to believe that gamergate sprung into existence at that exact moment as a fully-fledged counter-cenorship behemoth with tens of thousands of voices: Saints Row 4 was released on August 30th. So Gamergate could have said something! except the fact that SR4 was released in fucking **2013**. South Park: The stick of truth was released March 4th, 2014. Again, before gamergate was even a thing. This retarded fucking petition: https://www.change.org/p/target-withdraw-grand-theft-auto-5-this-sickening-game-encourages-players-to-commit-sexual-violence-and-kill-women Which got GTA V taken off Target's shelves in Australia, happened, roughly, a year ago. Well after Gamergate was already a thing. And what do you know, we made a ruckus about it. So until this person digs up examples of censorship that we have actually ignored, they can fuck off.
I thought you were paraphrasing. I thought you had taken a tweet and written out the intended meaning. I did not think you had lifted the title of this post directly from an article headline. I have no more words. Nothing I can say can accurately convey how much of fucking idiots these people are. My vocabulary, which is usually sufficient, is deficient in the sheer magnitude of their wanton, arrogant stupidity.
But he's just being edgy! You said it yourself, you two-faced cunt, you were a 'teenage edgelord' and you got better, and other people can, too!
Tell me... Do you know the definition of 'insanity'?
The ads for 'lost', back when it was a big thing. There was one ad, that was BLATANTLY bullshitting. Back before you knew what the monster was? There was a shot of the trees shaking, the sound of the monster, and then: "YOU *WILL* SEE WHAT'S IN THE JUNGLE!" It was a very effective way to make everyone tune in. And when we found in, the last five seconds of the episode, it was Walt or that one black guy or whoever? EXTREMELY effective way to make sure none of us watched the show ever again.
I know a guy. He won 125 million. He works 9-5 and has his money bundled up in a trust fund or something. Mainly because he's from a European country and they had to hide the money for fear of him being kidnapped and held for ransom. Fucking insane.
Not as vulnerable, more likely to cause national headlines, more likely to invoke a manhunt, more likely to involve the police itself, etc? Some dumb country bumpkin who just won 500mil in the lottery is a lot easier to convince to hand over a few mil for the safe return of a relative without involving the police, than it is to, say, try to kidnap Kanye West and milk him for some dough.
Why don't you just read the answers to the other guy who asked the exact same question?
Wonder how the fuck I got from Australia, to NK, in a single night while I slept the entire time.
I am offensive and I find this Australian.
That's a paradox. You go back to stop the crime, and now you have no reason to go back and stop the crime. Like, if you went back and killed your grandfather, you have now broken the 'loop', because you're not born yet and can't ever be born. Therefore, you couldn't go back and kill your grandfather.
Mythbusters actually did a bit on that. If both of them were on the door, they both die.
[This was the only thing I could think of](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-k31YPsKQ-WU/UzRCqXIbBbI/AAAAAAAABFg/Gpwm5rNfehw/s1600/tve916mdxrkzmhhv635u.gif)
Smoking. It *will* kill you. But people just say 'I might die tomorrow of X'. They just don't understand they're not one of the lucky ones that will die young. They're going to die middle-aged in awful, horrific ways.
And it's official. Political correctness has gone too fucking far.
Max Payne. I like the videogames, and the opening sequence is fine. I even like Mark Wahlberg. Started watching it again on netflix this morning like 'why did I never watch this movie?' And then it comes to shadowy raven things supernaturally attacking people and the devil and hell or whatever and I just give up. Screw it. I don't mind supernatural movies, but ugh. Something about that one is just shit.
I expect to see you on SRS very soon, but goddamn that made me laugh.
This. And I don't mean literally this comment, like, hurrrrrrr I'm fishing for gold look at me I'm so clever. No, I mean those other dumbfuck comments that just say 'this' and get gilded, because they're *so* fucking clever. What a joke.
God. Fucking anything on fox. Fuck fox. Sincerely. Just **FUCK FOX**. Terra Nova. That one police crime thing with the androids. The unmentionable Firefly. And then stargate universe not getting renewed. No more stargate, except some movie that's going to ignore all the established canon after the first movie. Just... fuck. Fuck TV excecs. Buncha cunts.
Fox cancelled it. Like they cancel any of their good shows.
That's the one! I loved that series. And then I went looking for season 2 and found out it was produced by Fox. And what do you know? They fucking axed it.
Would you like an AMA with Santa while you're at it? In all seriousness, classical quicksand is a myth. For it to be hard to get out of, it has to be thick. And if it's thick, it's easier to float on. A drunk quadriplegic could safely float on 'quicksand' and survive.
Hitler. Just kidding that guy was evil af
&gt;it had only taken EIGHT MINUTES for me to sink down to my waist lol.
Annnnd not paying for Netflix any more. As an Australian, fuck Netflix. Give us a fucking streaming service with one seventh what is available in America? Oh, thank you *so* much for seasons seven and eight of mythbusters! That's really great. Where's the fucking rest of them? I understand that there are legal hurdles to these things. But either put up, or shut up. Netflix needs to give me something to justify me paying them every month for the service. And with Netflix Australia, they're not worth the fucking money.
Countdown until the backlash is blamed on white males...
Absolutely none. I am equally resistant to all forms of enhanced interrogation techniques. Nice try though, CIA.
Amazing. I actually heard about this at work today. And an ACTUAL FUCKING ABORIGINAL PERSON, JUST LIKE MYSELF, said that she and her friends fucking enjoyed the game! They were JOKING ABOUT IT. 'Oh look, I ran into my cousin'. STOP BEING OFFENDED ON OUR BEHALVES YOU STUPID FUCKING WANKERS.
Being offended on the behalf of groups of people they don't belong to.
It's a really fucking good thing you can't be racist against whites or we wouldn't have any violent games left.
I still remember S&amp;D hardcore, on that one map with a bunch of green grass and rusted buildings. Kinda with a river cutting down the middle? God, it's been a while. Anyway, I killed someone as I was running across the bridge, and then his friend showed up. I tossed a flashbang to try and get enough time to reload, and the grenade hit the ground, bounced, and then rolled onto his foot. He died. We won the match. Best kill cam ever.
If you do awful, hypocritical, unethical bullshit and then get called out on it, that's not harassment, fuckface. Yeah, some people harassed her. But a large group of people are doing the equivalent of sending her frowny face tweets in response to the bullshit she did, and that's justification to completely ignore all the bad shit she did, and then stand in her defense because she's being 'harassed'? This is why I'm on this side of Gamergate. Because the guys on the other side are FUCKING MENTAL.
And people STILL defend this hack. At this point, the line of hypocrisy and outright lies she spins would need a tl;dr for any reasonable person to imbibe.
Potential people. Every time I jack off, I'm a billionaire!
Good. My sister has been 'engaged' three times now and she's fucking 18. Kids are fucking retards.
Sleep.
And oh look, it's locked for comments. I wonder why? The reddit pussy pass in action. Don't dare discuss women being horrible pieces of shit! That's misogynistic!
bitch you trying to die
Getting clothes for christmas presents!
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff I've had scalebound on my xbone 'desktop' as a pin for months now, hoping for news. I love dragons so much, and I just need that game.
What the flying monster goblin fuck
If the bomb detonated at ground level, geography would prevent it from causing maximum damage. Dropping a nuke: You want it to do full damage. Having it explode higher than buildings means that *everything* in the area takes the full force. Instead of buildings, hills, etc lessening the force of the blast.
I actually saw that argument used by a lawyer to try and find an innocent man guilty of rape. I forget the exact wording, but it boiled down to 'please find this man guilty, if you don't, then it will make rape victims less likely to come forwards in future'. It was the most infuriating thing I have ever read.
Meta jokes aren't funny and they aren't clever and they sure as fuck aren't worth an upvote. The amount of times I saw some pointless garbage upvoted like 'fuck you jenny' on a completely unrelated post makes me lose faith in reddit as a whole. What gormless cunts comprise the majority of the userbase that such inane garbage is upvoted more highly than genuinely thoughtful comments?
I still remember when the playstation came out and how *weird* it was to use a disc. Wtf is this? Games use cartridges, not discs! Now look at everything. The only things taking cartridges any more are handhelds.
That pilot can only fly Chinooks because his massive balls weigh every other helicopter down too much.
I had this when I was younger, playing final fantasy VIII all day long. I was tired as fuck, went to bed, and had these waking dreaming flashes of fighting various mobs around Balamb. It was fucking weird.
Quick, go to /r/circlejerk and just say, in a text post 'It's my cakeday. Give me karma'!
Oh look. Another show with promise that Fox COMPLETELY fucks up with scheduling bullshit, and then drops after one season because it didn't get enough viewers. With bullshit like this, I WONDER WHY?! Fuck fox. I've said it before but it bears repeating. FUCK. FOX.
Nope. I am predicting they will. They always do. They start by fucking up the scheduling, and then they finish by dropping the series when, SURPRISE SURPRISE, people don't watch it!
Which is why it pisses me off so much when Fox seemingly DELIBERATELY sabotages their new shows to give them the least possible chance of getting said viewers. It's a trend with them.
I'm playing as a 12 year old girl calling down meteors on people's heads. It's amazing. It is also kind of amusing the dragon thought it appropriate to beat the shit out of my character, literally eat her heart, and then challengingly say the equivalent of 'then fite me fgt'
And yet they keep doing things that are seemingly designed to make people not be able to enjoy the stories. Like showing episodes out of order in a chronological show. Like, fucking really? Can you say, with a straight face, that that was *business*?
I'd comment on how America's justice system works, but it fucking doesn't.
First you need to ponder on orbital trajectories and where you need to go. Need to get to the mun? Well you know it orbits counter-clockwise. Soooo, depending on your spacecraft's design, you can tackle it one of three ways: Straight shot. Wait until the mun is like 20-30 degrees clockwise from your launch site, and then just smash up through the atmosphere with the intent of doing a straight shot directly from the surface of Kerbin to the mun Best thing about this is: Once you fire up to get to the same orbital line as the mun, when you reach it, you've slowed considerably, giving yourself a wide, wide window to be caught by the gravitational pull of the mun. There's the 'chase' approach, which would be turning your craft to orbit clockwise as you ascend, increasing your orbital arc until it intersects with the mun, and you can 'chase' the mun, coming in behind it. Advantages of this method is that your approach to the mun is a lot slower because of relativistic motion of your ship and mun. The third option is my favorite for hitting heavenly bodies: suicide run. Turn clockwise as you ascend. You and the mun will meet in the middle of your orbit, one going clockwise, the other counter-clockwise. Advantages are that it gets really bloody hard to miss. Disadvantage is that you burn a buttload of fuel slowing your descent. If you want to use the maneuvers thingie, it only works when you're already in motion. Think about your basic idea, set it in motion, and THEN use the maneuvers thingie. Basically, you have six controls. They're color-coded for ease of use. The green (I think), are basic forwards/reverse speed. You pull the one pointing backwards, it reduces your projected speed. You pull the one facing forwards, it INCREASES your projected speed. The blue arrows on either side control the DIRECTION of the thrust of your hypothetical trajectory. The purple ones are there for if you're trying to align your orbit with a heavenly body that orbits outside of the regular plane. For instance, Eve dips up and down a fair amount in its orbit. You'd use the purple ones to move your ship 'up and down' on the orbital plane. And then, basically, it's all about guesswork. You move the maneuvre lines until they match up. If you're going to smash into the planet, you'll see your projected orbit suddenly go crazy. And then you use the autopilot. R or T, one of em. You'll see a burn window, and your pilot will automatically point his nose at the maneuver point once you tell him he needs to target it (one of those little blips on the middle left of your screen with aforementioned R or T key pressed). And then all you need to do is wait for the burn timer to hit zero, push z, wait for the metres per second gauge to hit zero, hit x, and then check your new projected flight path to see how horrifically you are going to die.
Not a problem. I'm a pretty dumb guy that figured out most Kerbal stuff through trial and error, so I'm uniquely qualified to explain it in a way that non-rocket-scientists can understand. I still don't know wtf a periaxis or periapsis or anti normal or normal burns and any of that shit is used for. I just know how to get from A to B relatively efficiently. I wish you luck though. You're going to have a lot of stranded kerbals before you figure out the intricacies of orbital burns. P.S. Add a solar panel, battery and a control wheel to your final stage. Tilting your craft is painful when you need to burn fuel to do it.
[Something like this](https://youtu.be/WrahQpIWD08?t=29s)
As an Australian, I've never heard shorts referred to as 'stubbies'. Rather, a 'stubbie' is the name given to a glass bottle of alcohol. Aluminum cans are 'tinnies'. Glass bottles are 'stubbies'.
The lack of any kind of thought or logic in this thread is amazing. It's like you say the word 'rape' and suddenly everyone just froths at the mouth for no reason. I fail to see how you don't understand the simple fact that the pepper spray was illegal. If she did it with an unregistered weapon, a switchblade, or some other illegal item, would you be surprised if the cops were going to charge her with use of an illegal weapon? If she didn't use an illegal weapon, she wouldn't be in trouble. Sure, be pissed off that pepper spray is illegal, but please stop pretending like she's being persecuted for protecting herself. She didn't find the pepper spray in the gutter. She was carrying it on her. That's illegal, no matter how good the reason for her carrying it is.
Finally, someone that read and understood the fucking article.
That's not the POINT. The point is that what she used to defend herself with, was illegal. It doesn't matter if you rescue the president with an illegal handgun, the handgun is still illegal, isn't it? Sure, they might waive the fine or the jail time since you saved the president, but it was still illegal to be carrying it.
Sure is a list. In context, all of the ideas that they're suggesting you vote against might be fucking terrible. You could put the same hat on something like SOPA, the Stop Online Piracy Act, or any number of 'think of the children' acts that the government tries to shove through domestic spying with.
I survived about two weeks or less. Some scumfuck on mechwarrior online said, immediately upon entering the match '__ ____ dies lol'. If he was on my team, I would have torn him mech apart, but he was not.
On one hand, I love this. On the other hand... unless it was done by poachers or something, then it's kind of... interfering with nature. Lions didn't get to where they are now by humans interfering. We should just leave them alone, as much as it hurts our empathy.
Animals don't need our help. Nature doesn't need our help. Nature sure as fuck went fine before we came along, and it's going to be perfectly fine when we're gone. And part of nature is death. No matter your empathic feelings, you have to understand that things die in nature. That's the order of things. You think a caribou has horns because they look pretty? They have horns because they can kill things with them. Like lions. And by killing the lion, they've removed a natural predator, therefore helping their group, or herd, survive. By harming the mother of those cubs, they've taken out an entire group of things that will attempt to kill them later down the line. So. Are you saving the lion here? Or are you killing gazelle? Why did the lion get hit? Was it by chance, or was it stupid, or slow? Are you allowing bad genes to propagate throughout the gene pool of future lions, by interfering with natural selection? The point of being the most advanced species on earth means we should have the knowledge to know that we shouldn't interfere with nature, no matter how much it hurts out conscience. Not to save things. Not to kill them. By saving the lion, these people are undoing the actions of whatever prey species harmed it. So why are the prey species less prized than the lion? But meh, you're too caught up in 'omg they saved a lion' to comprehend anything else. Just downvote me and move along.
99.99999999999% of all creatures that ever existed are extinct. That's the point of natural selection. Adapt and evolve. That's why I said IF IT WAS POACHERS I would have no qualms with them helping the lion. If it was a direct result of humans that caused this injury, then yeah, fix them up. We made the problem, we fixed it. But if it was a prey animal that fucked the lion up? Good on the prey animal. It sucks for the lion, and the cubs, but nature is fucking brutal like that.
Yes, because women are pure, clean animals that are completely rational and would NEVER do shit when they're drunk that defies logic. They must all have a solid reason to wreck your shit, like you cheated on them!
I hope they do fixes and balancing updates before then. I'm honestly not going to sit through two months of OverMcCree. It gets really, really tiresome really fast.
I'm getting really sick of NEVER, EVER playing king of the hill. It's my favorite game mode and I've played maybe two games of it in the last three fucking days. The game needs map voting like CoD or whatever so people can vote to avoid the overplayed maps. I'm sick of gibraltar.
I would ask him how many people exist in his future world. If humanity is on the brink of extinction. If humanity is going to go extinct, then yeah, I'd waste future-hitler in an instant. If the amount of people left alive were sustainable though, I'd tell him to go fuck himself. What if the reason that nobody has gone back in time from the future and killed Hitler is that Hitler's timeline is the best of many very bad alternate timelines that lead to billions being enslaved and killed? Like, how do you know killing super mega ultra hitler from the future doesn't create a power vacuum that will be filled by maximum overhitler who just nukes the entire world?
&gt;Whitney has cancer so judge agreed to year of house arrest The guy fucking IS cancer.
I've blinked as tracer and had a trashhog's hook literally teleport to me 5 metres to the left and drag me in front of him to be killed. Was not impressed.
Lack of critical thinking. Just look at reddit. Or Tumblr. Just because someone wrote something, doesn't make it fucking true, you idiots. The anti vaccine movement is a star example of complete lack of critical thinking.
And Zenyatta. I haven't seen that stat if it exists.
I've gotten gold as Mercy before. Silly tracers and reapers trying to sneak up on me. They really don't understand what to do when I draw a pistol and start shooting their faces off. It's hilarious. Tracers just freeze. They could teleport all around me and melt me down. But once a mercy starts kicking their ass there's just this '...wtf is happening?!' aura to them that renders them ineffective. They stop using escape moves, and they just die.
Don't forgot to take out fucking TURRETS FIRST. They are the single biggest damage-dealer to a Reinhardt shield and we CANNOT TURN AWAY FROM THEM. Of course, a trashtion does more damage, but blizzard saw fit to make them take down his shield in like two seconds. So there's no defense against them. A turret, however, takes a good seven seconds or so to eat through our shield by itself.
People like you are morons.
And you prove my point.
I got the laziest potg ever with zarya's ult. Dragged three of their attack heroes in at once, I think it was trash rat, soldier, and tracer. And then I just fired three of my alt-fire into the middle of it and danced through the tulips away.
Good fucking riddance.
That's kind of the fucking POINT
So Shitter is being shit? Fucking Shitter.
Was this so funny you needed to repost it a couple hours after it was already posted?
Bunch of fucking pansies on both side. Grow up you stupid cunts. Showing a villain doing villainous things is KIND OF THE FUCKING POINT OF A VILLAIN. It's like the fucking Far Cry 4 cover all over again. Oh, seeing the villain using a black man as a footrest pisses you off and makes you want to strangle him? THAT'S KIND OF THE FUCKING POINT YOU INTELLECTUALLY BANKRUPT CUMSTAINS.
It was literally the same image with the same exact text. Yeah. Nobody believes that two people came up with it at the exact same time because that shit didn't happen.
I could give a shit about win/loss ratio in the game when there are maps like fucking Volskaya industries and Temple of Anubis on the roster where it's almost legit impossible to win with trashtions hiding in corners behind Reinhart behind turrets camping what is literally the only entrance to the area where the defense point is. That being said, yeah, they kinda need to fix the joining game shit. Joining game! Don't even see the HERO SELECT. Game over. You lose. Game ends because everyone on the losing team leaves. Search for new game. Potentially dumped right back in the same shit. Woo.
Widowmaker feels the complete opposite. The amount of times I've had the crosshairs dead on someone's chest and fired and completely fucking missed is atrocious.
And he's killed by one shot from widowmaker to any part of his body. This isn't really a problem though, because nobody in pugs plays widowmakers /s
The /s is 'end sarcasm'. I don't know if you're getting this. There's like a rule of minimum 1 widowmaker a game in pugs.
I'm imagining drowning. Water up to my nose. It's in my eyes. I can't see properly. I can't lift my hands to wipe my eyes because every time I try I sink further. Taking desperate breaths of water every time my mouth breaches the surface only to get a mouthful of brine each time. Choking and coughing, legs burning, head pounding and vision going black. And then, miraculously! RESCUE! Bright colours in front of me, a lifeguard's friendly face snatching me from the jaws of death. I grasp at his arms and shoulders to try and leverage myself an inch out of the water to get a breath of air and regain some semblance of consciousness **And he punches me in the fucking face**
Junkrat bounce projectiles around the corner. Throw mines over the top. Teleport behind with Reaper. Fly over top with Phara.
The Bloody Baron is such a great character. So much depth and heartache to the guy. And the way certain things can unfold is just fucking brutal. Also, when you first explain what a Botchling is to him. That 'A fucking **WHAT?!**' is one of my favorite lines in any game.
As a teen I really really hoped the main bat charactered fuck the female bat character senseless. Wasn't her name like Marina or something? God that was so long ago. Book three kinda went downhill though. The main bad bat was undead or something?
The wraiths actually didn't bother me at all. Which is amusing considering in Witcher 2 I got stuck in the first wraith fight and basically rage quit the game. FUCK those cunts.
Yeah, hanging from that fucking tree in the courtyard with the doll for his daughter that was sent back to him because she didn't want it. Absolutely fucking brutal.
What ship are you using? it might be a problem with the ship geometry and could be solved on the interim by rotation your ship. I always mine everything, and then tilt my ship so all the chunks are beneath. It makes the process go a lot faster. Especially in a clipper, where the limpets fly to a spot A HUNDRED FUCKING METRES below your ship before coming right up underneath it.
I didn't wander into an area clearly marked as off-limits BECAUSE IT'LL FUCKING KILL YOU. That's what makes me so smart. Your move.
Stuns should be reserved for ultimate abilities ONLY. Mcree, Roadhog, and Mei are all trash to play against because they remove agency from your character. Anything that removed your ability to actually play the game artificially removes any semblance of skill from the equation. And that's why McCree will be trash until they rework his flash grenade. It doesn't matter if they're an mlgpro Korean world tournament winner. If they're playing tracer, and I get a flashbang on them, they're fucking DEAD. That is incredibly shit design.
Her ult should only illuminate enemies through walls when she's aiming down her scope. Like the Farsight of old. That way, if you engage the widowmaker, or make her move or whatever, she loses the aimbot advantage she gives to teammates, while still allowing her to retain the ability to lead-shot people coming around corners during her ult.
TOR takes so long to get through the storyline I've never actually finished it for any character. You just get do distracted between everything else going on. But holy shit the dialogue and options. If you liked the character interactions in SWTOR 1 and 2, then you will adore TOR for that. The interactions are absolutely amazing and hilarious. And as a dark side, you can be sooooo much of a fucking dick.
Dark Souls. The first one. The storyline takes a big of digging to get to. But even the goddamn BOSSES have their own stories, and histories. Even the bitch spider thing in Blight Town has a reason for being such an absolute cunt. I've never felt a little melancholy to kill a boss before.
There were two games released way back when, Star Wars KNIGHTS of the Old Republic one and two. These are shortened to 'SWKOTOR'. Or just 'KOTOR'. And then, EA and Bioware released 'Star Wars: The Old Republic'. No 'knights' in the title. It's in the same universe as SWKOTOR one and two, and in fact follows some time after events of those games.
Onomatophobia. 'Oh what's the matter... you can't say it?' I laughed for so long.
You kinda deserve it.
Every time he was frozen by Mei he would screech 'FUCK OFF CUNT' Every time he was stunned by Mccree 'Fucking cheap cunt!' Hit multiple people with his riptire? 'Take that you cunts' Getting attacked by Reinhart? GET THIS BIG CUNT OFF ME! Step on a trap: I CAN'T LOSE MY OTHER FUCKING LEG FUCK FUCK FUCK And when he summons his riptire he'd yell 'GET THIS UP YA, CUNTS!'
Reinhart. If you can get a straight shot out of the spawn, charge out of there and jump on the objective. Put your shield up and try to make sure nobody gets to the side of it. You're not trying to push them off the cart, you're just trying to survive there long enough for your teammates to reinforce, even if it means you die.
After having my fucking Python's shield just outright deleted by an npc Asp Explorer I shelved combat until they tone the shit down. I don't give a fucking what weapons he was rocking, he should not be able to drop a Python's shield in five seconds.
Lol. Stupid cunt thinks this is going to be a hit with anything other than feminists looking for 'safe spaces'. The very fact that I can call him a stupid cunt for this choice of direction is the reason why Reddit will be more popular (for now). Because people like to be able to call other people stupid cunts when they stupid shit.
I baulked at the fucking INTRODUCTION to that shit. Like, fucking really? Hey, I can do engineer things now! first thing is first, travel FIVE HUNDRED LIGHT YEARS to the engineer. Welp, better sell my mining python and get an asp explorer because fuck doing 50 jumps. Did that, and what do I find? Oh, you just need a single of this rare commodity. Okay, cool. Where's the fucking eddb website. Huh, they don't know where I can get one... Oh well, to google! Oh... it's ONLY in a single system FOUR HUNDRED LIGHT YEARS AWAY? So I go do all of that bullshit. Spend literally an entire fucking day going back and forth, bring back the thing I need. And now whenever I want to do more engineering things, I need to fucking come back to this SHITHOLE of a place to do it? What if I'm at fucking war with the faction that controls the space around the engineer? Fuck me, right? What if I'm running a type 7 and I have a max jump range of 13 light years? Fuck me, right? So I take the two spare of this commodity to the OTHER guy so I can look at weapons. And what do you know, they want a COMPLETELY different commodity that is only found in a system 400 light years in the OTHER FUCKING DIRECTION. Just starting up the engineering thing is fucking retarded. Who has this much fucking time to spend hours shuttling back and forth just to start the fucking shit, and then go wandering around for twenty fucking hours all over the galaxy, only to have to come RIGHT BACK AGAIN to even do any kind of upgrades? Crafting and upgrades should be fun. You should go to this cunt, talk to him, BUY THE BLUEPRINTS OFF HIM, and CRAFT THEM YOURSELF. A static NPC in a game **LITERALLY THE SIZE OF THE GALAXY** being your only avenue for crafting is downright retarded. And then finding out I need to wander around and find random crafting components from god-knows-where to have a random chance of upgrading a component with RNG? No. I went back to fucking mining. At least the only rng involved with that is how many units of painite I bring back a run.
I had an elite Anaconda chase my clipper through an interdiction, back to hypercruise, a voluntary drop, another hypercruise, and finally to the mouth of the station itself, only stopping when it was blown the fuck up by the station's defenses. The npcs in this game are NUTS.
Hey, don't even get me started on the two or three engineers that aren't unlocked for me and I HAVE NO FUCKING IDEA how to unlock them. The entire fucking thing was a clusterfuck. I read up on engineers before I started and nowhere did it say I'd need that specific commodity or whatever. And if you're actively doing engineering things, you need to stay near the engineers, otherwise you're jumping 500 light years back to them to do your engineering things. And I'm pretty sure the upgrades don't carry across ships. And if you die? You lose all your components. And they DO carry between ships. Blow up in your combat Viper? Say goodbye to all those crafting mats you were hoarding! :D
Uh huh. But if you're not in their sector of that space, you're still traveling literally hundreds of light years to get to them and upgrade your shit.
If I'm Reinhart and I ask for a healer. I get a fucking healer or you don't get your reinhart. Period. Symmetra is not a fucking healer. I am NOT dying to chip damage to protect you ungrateful fucks with cover. When I'm Reinhart is the only time I demand someone on the team swap classes. And it lasts exactly one death. One death are Reinhart with no healer, and I leave the match. I don't tolerate potato teams.
'Woah there big guy, I wasn't hurting anybody'
IT'S [CURRENT YEAR]
Low risk? Fuck trading. That's relatively high risk. Especially with the new bs enemies that will interdict you constantly with some seriously bullshit weapons and outfittings. Sod that off. Look up where to start mining. It's low risk, very slow burn gameplay. Kinda tedious. I enjoy it a little, I don't know why. An asp can get you started, a Clipper was what I primarily used until I could afford the python. Basically find a pristine ring, and go mine the bits. Don't mine at RES sites. The ENTIRE ring is your playground. Just coast in under 1MM and hit the outer edge of the ring. Hopefully a metallic pristine one. So long as you boost away towards the planet for a minute or two, the npcs that spawn in will leave you alone, and no more will spawn ever again as you fly along mining. Search for the three Ps. Painite, Platinum, Palladium. Painite is the best. If you find, say, a 40% painite asteroid somewhere in the ring, and mine it with an A class prospector attached, you're looking at 10-14 tons of painite. Sell that at a high-tech station that wants painite, and you can net 1 mil. 1 mil for that dinky asteroid. Also hunting for osmium for missions can be quite profitable too. And if you're not at a res-site, it's literally completely safe. Unless you boost into an asteroid. The only time you can be interdicted is when you're wandering off to sell your gains.
Wow... I just. Wow. I never thought google itself would be so fucking retarded and shitty. Fuck you, Google. I thought you were better than this fucking shit.
I fucking hate the SRV with a passion. 2 tons of cargo is just stupid. Especially when most signal sources have like 10 tens of cargo. What, do I ferry them back and forth at a minute trip both ways? Who thought that was a great idea? We need a new rover that can hold like 10 tons of shit. It'd be perfect.
As someone that tried to mine pre-limpets, it's a massive, impossibly huge upgrade from previously. It made mining viable. I'm working towards getting an anaconda, just through mining. That's unheard of for a 'casual' player pre-limpets. But yeah, their execution just isn't any good right now. They should be reusable, should ignore targets you 'abandon' and need to seriously be looked at in everything from their current glitchiness to the stupid way they fly. I wouldn't even mine if I had to maneuver my ship a little so they wouldn't fly into it. I don't need hand holding, but I do need something at least mildly expedient so I can PLAY the game instead of WATCHING it.
Mining within the bubble will always be bad for profits due to the mining rings themselves having low quality. When browsing through systems, you can mouse over a ring, and one of the info panels on the left will tell you things. I was perfectly fine mining at a mining site that has only 'Major' reserves. Basically, each system has all the rings in it come in a specific band of how good they are. There's 'depleted' which are the worst. 'Low' or something. And then 'regular'. 'Major' and 'Pristine' are the two to look for. And specifically, the composition wants to be 'Metallic'. People seem to have the best luck with that kind of ring. Mining is very painful until you get something bigger like an Asp explorer... Even the best 'entry level' miner I could put together was this: https://coriolis.io/outfit/cobra_mk_iii/0peteFeledesef42m2m----0303491nC3P4.Iw1-kA==.Aw1-kA== A standard Cobra with mining modifications. The problem is, I can't really... think on how to play with such a limited mining budget when I pull down more money in ten minutes than you have to work with total. I came up with this: https://coriolis.io/outfit/adder/0p9t9F9l4d9sef32m1717--02021oC1P4.Iw1+kA==.Aw1+kA== Good news is, it's cheap. Bad news? No shield. What you want to do is, get yourself somewherre with major or pristine reserves, with a station orbiting the planet with rings. That way, it's nice and close. And then, go mine things. The way to do this is load on collection limpets. Since you've only got 16 cargo space, load up 16 limpets. Go into the asteroid field, and shoot the limpets at the asteroids, target the limpet, and see what the composition of the asteroid is. It's fucking PAINFUL with no space. The big three are Painite, Palladium, and Platinum. Painite is 40K (70 at the right stations), Platinum is something like 16K, followed by Palladium at 12-13K. Since you're just starting, osmium is an AWESOME choice. It sells for 7K and missions commonly want it. With all 16 spaces filled with osmium, you could be looking at 100K+ for a full load. Now, it might look sus that the prospector is an A1, but never EVER skimp on your prospector. Prospectors do not just show you what is in the asteroid, but directly increase the number of chunks. Without a prospector, you might get two tons of painite from a 40% painite asteroid. With the prospector, you can get like fucking 12 tons. That's a different of a million credits. Since you're working with a limited cargo space, you can afford to be picky. Go out, shoot your prospector at asteroids until you find what you want to bring home, and mine the shit out of it. Don't be too tempted by an asteroid with like, 25% bertrandite or somesuch unless you're running out of prospectors or there's a good 20% painite stuck in there. Mainly, at the start, go for osmium. Even silver, gold, gallium, praseodymium, or samarium. All of those sell for more than 5K at base price (fluctuations always happen). If you find painite, do NOT sell it at your first station unless you really want those shiny credits and are afraid of losing it. Because the station orbiting my mining place only buys it for 20K. I take a trip four jumps away, and I can sell it for 70K. That's 50K difference a TON. If you do a few runs, getting just silver, gallium, and the like, you could be looking at upgrading to a better mining ship in like five runs. But please remember to always fly with insurance. If you can't afford the insurance, you don't leave the landing pad. Period. I hope you have fun with this!
taking a minute to shuttle two units of cargo back to your ship, only to go back and do it again? That's an incredible waste of time.
&gt;“Living through that has conditioned us to be pretty resilient, and in the face of difficult news, we’re keeping our heads down and blogging.” Hooray for you. Fairy claps. You're so great.
go ask this at /r/askscience. No, seriously. I want some serious answers to this.
Dear /r/news. Let me introduce you to Mrs. Streisand. P.S. Go fuck yourselves you fucking cucks. You've stopped being about the news when you're ACTIVELY FUCKING CENSORING IT.
Which is being censored to ABSOLUTE FUCKING SHIT. Open up the comments. Oh wait, it's fucking Zoey Quinn all over again. [DELETED] [DELETED] [DELETED] [DELETED] [DELETED] [DELETED]
Are you a /r/videos moderator or something? You can't handwave shit away by whining 'politics'. This isn't fucking politics. This was FIFTY FUCKING PEOPLE getting shot and the place dedicated to GIVE US THE NEWS deciding to completely, 100%, utterly censoring it. There are 4 threads about this at the top of the subreddit right now and none of them encompass the full scale of what the cucks at /r/news are doing. From deleting news stories, banning people who submit them, and deleting more than 99% of the comments in the FUCKING DISCUSSION THREAD THEY STARTED. Please, tell me. **HOW THE FUCK IS ANY OF THAT POLITICAL?**
That is the most legit retarded argument I have ever heard. It's so outright stupid I'm not even going to stoop to the level of explaining why that is so incredibly, blatantly wrong.
The front page of the subreddit vehemently disagrees. This subreddit is also heavily about censorship. Which is what is happening here.
No it's fucking not. It's specifically about how /r/news is handling the situation. Notice, if you look really, REALLY CLOSELY at what is written in that text up the top you clearly didn't fucking read the first time around, you'll notice that it's all about the CENSORSHIP /r/news is doing, the BANNING OF ACCOUNTS, the MUTING OF PEOPLE ASKING WHY, the DELETION OF ANY COMMENTS IN THE FUCKING **DISCUSSION THREAD**. Furthermore, there are provisions in Rule 3 (which you quoted) for 'internet/tech culture, media ethics'. The things /r/news are doing right now both have massive ramifications for 'internet culture' **and** 'media ethics' as they are both the main stop for daily news for hundreds of thousand of people and also a system of media aggregation. Their censorship affects what media reaches the hundreds of thousands of people who use them as a way to get their news. To further your arguments in the previous post, you claimed that it was 'political' because the arguments surrounding it were about immigration policy and whatnot. First up, that's retarded, because then you can claim that literally anything you want is 'political'. Oh, Zoey Quinn going whining to the UN to lock up those awful goobergabbers? THAT'S POLITICAL. SHE'S ASKING FOR LAWS! Secondly, that's retarded because politics hasn't come into the discussion at all. This is all about the CENSORSHIP. Do not assume that just because I didn't want to list all the reasons that your arguments are retarded, somehow proves that I don't have any arguments. I merely didn't want to waste my time writing out all the different ways your argument was incredibly stupid and not even applicable in the firs place, when I assume (most likely completely correctly) that your head is too far up your own ass for you to listen to a single one of them. Now whine some more that this is clearly about politics even though it's clearly about censorship.
Thank you for proving my point. I literally just explained why it wasn't politics and why rule 3 didn't apply and all you can say it 'bu but it is politics'. Lel. good job.
Lemme just plug /r/uncensorednews Hopefully it becomes a good alternative to the fucking shithole /r/news is. If the admins don't remove the mods, or the sub as a default after this blatant cersorship of the WORST SHOOTING IN US HISTORY, then something is deeply, deeply fucking wrong with this website and the people running it. I expect to see /u/spez absolutely fucking BOMBARDED with questions about this when next he does a public post.
Gonna go out on a limb here and say **not** /r/news/.
I think she should do 100 per charged shot, and instead of her 'hurpderp I'm on the other side of the map now' bullshit hook, she should get a timed, or single-shot 'boost', that she can use once every ten seconds or so that lets her boost her body shot damage to 200. Then she's more dangerous as a sniper (which she should definitely be a dangerous opponet), can one-shot annoying bastards like McCree, and is suddenly incredibly vulnerable to flankers like she's supposed to be, instead of hooking away. And since she has a super-shot, her regular damage can be toned down to acceptable limits, relegating her utility as a one-shot killer to specific times that have **cooldowns**. So she's not just decimating any flanker she sees at any point in the map. You can time when to attack her. Just like coaxing out McCree's flashbang or soldier's rocket.
I joined a game last night. I saw the team comp had no healer. I asked 'Lucio or mercy?' Upon which a team mate proceeded to ALL CAPS 'JUST FUCKING PICK ONE'. I then saw the game over screen. Whereupon I was literally called a faggot, and a nigger, by this fucking sperglord, saying that I single-handedly lost the game for the team because I 'wouldn't just fucking pick one'. No matter what you do in this game, some fucking kid who had a bad day at school is going to bitch you out for what you're doing eventually. Or even shit that is completely out of your control. I've had FUCKING MCCREE'S bitch the team out for not 'picking something to take out phara' You know, like a fucking character with a pin-point accurate hitscan revolver. There are people in this game that are legit completely fucking stupid. Ignore them. If what you do works, then keep doing it. I main Reinhart and I too will pop offense if my shield is about to break or there's a good opening for some mayhem. My best game for eliminations was with Reinhart. 39 kills on attack on King's Row. It was amazing. If you have a healer, dropping your shield to firestrike isn't a bad thing. Healer can restore health of people. The only time to not drop your shield for a fire strike is when the enemy has specific defenses like a trashtion, a turret, or a widowmaker, that could wreck you before you or teammates before you get the shield back up. Don't sweat the morons.
The problem I have with her is that the counter to her shotguns is walking backwards at a reasonable pace. Literally any character could just back up and fucking rape her. Or at least force her to stop shooting and chase after them. And a tank chasing flankers is a bad, bad position for the tank to be. That's how she gets drawn in and forced to fight against entire teams.
If you can get Zenyatta close enough to kick someone in the face, then you deserve all the help you can get.
He also has no mobility, no mobility abilities, and is bring fucking gold. If the enemy team is stupid enough to let that 'sneak up' on them, then they deserve a double-kick to the back of the head.
Mei, Mcree, and Trashtion all go on my avoid list. I play the game to have fun, and playing against any of them right now just isn't.
Bastion is outright cancer. It's not the fact that he can't move, it's the fact that he can outdamage any other two heroes put together. https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/3hgkyq/max_dps_per_class/ 525 dps is pretty balanced. I mean, it's not like he sets up right on the objective and just blends anything in front of him. While hiding outside spawn rooms. Totes not cancer.
Dragon ball z abridged. One of the ones that go for five hours. If that don't work, I deserve to die.
'To view this video you must disable'- GO FUCK YOURSELF
I can finally play him without feeling like I'm cancer.
You say this as though the average McCree player knows how to aim and didn't use the incredibly stupidly high damage of FtH as a crutch. It's a point-blank move, has a relatively small bloom, and is incredibly high damage. It was basically a shotgun. Expect the people who play McCree to be really easy picking sofr the next day or so. And then they'll move to roadhog and reaper.
'You can see me! BUT CAN YOU HALT ME?!'
Look up SBMM. It's basically cancer.
It says it right on the quick-play thing. 'Play against other players **of your skill level**' So many people will have gotten unfairly high skill scores with McCree. I'm looking forwards to a feast tonight of bad McCree's who've had their crutch taken away from them. That's one of the many problems with constant SBMM. Once you get rid of the cheese people used to get high skill scores, they really are shit compared to people who don't cheese.
I wondered why this link was purple and why I didn't remember seeing Mr T firing a bazooka. Fuck you. You got me twice.
A million files? That's not a personal collection. No fucking way. They were doing a sting on a child porn website, bet money. I'll bet money the biggest child pornography website around just got deleted. Or at least transferred to FBI custody to use as a honeypot.
It's run by cum-swilling pretentious fucking wankers who listen and believe so hard to the first story that they heard that the only way to continue living in their retarded fantasy world is to ban anyone who questions it in any fashion.
Did you forget to take your meds?
Definitely forgot to take your meds.
Next time you feel like the enemy team is doing really good, have a look where their spawn room is. If it's three fucking feet behind the objective, then there's your answer.
Honestly? I can't wait for techno-telepathy. Can you imagine the porn you could create with that? It would literally only be limited by your imagination.
Skyrim and an MMO. I mean, they tried to do it with Elder scrolls online and failed utterly.
I was mining in my type 7, a fucking cobra mk3 scanned me and of course wanted my cargo. But I'd been boosting towards that friendly green blip that was the local cops. Cop sees the bad guy and starts shooting him. It's only a type 3, so I turn my fucking space whale and begin firing on him in return. Oops, fined 200 cr for attacking an innocent guy. Uhm... okay? To top it off, the cop ignores the fucking cunt he was shooting at ENTIRELY, turns on me and starts trying to blow me up, WHILE summoning four more fucking units to attack me! WHAT THE FUCK. The police AI is retardedly unforgiving of even the most stupid of crimes.
Instead of bitching and whining, why don't they just come up with a way a 50+ woman could be in a fucking shooting game and actually, you know, be playable? Nah, that requires actual thought. And we all know that that is a bannable offense at neoFAGs.
I'm sure that the half a day of lost revenue will bother them enough to make them change.
At first, I was like 'why sue the school? sue the dumb fucking kids who did it'. But the more I read... Fuck that school. If I was a parent, I'd be punching fuck out of everyone I could find in that administration. What the actual FUCK. I know people at my old school who got expelled for throwing rocks. Not even hitting people! Other schools have kids expelled for drawing guns or shooting people with an imaginary bow and arrow. And this school lets kids do this shit and then pretends like nothing happened? Fuck that school. P.S. wrapping a rope around someone's throat ISN'T FUCKING BULLYING. It's fucking PHYSICAL ASSAULT. If someone did that to you in the street you could legally shoot that fucker dead. That isn't fucking bullying, it's ASSAULT.
Nah. Because my child was assaulted and the administration didn't even investigate and pretended like it didn't happen. Punching cunt out of someone is pretty justified there.
....near-death? What are you fucking on about mate? Everyone knows you don't survive drop-bear attacks. The only reason we know about them is the idiots who have their cell phone cameras left on and when they're killed and eaten, the recordings persist because the little cunts haven't figured out how to delete phone videos yet. Fuck, *I* don't know how to delete videos off phones!
No shame in that. I do the same when I get random AI DEADLY RANK fucking combat ships hunting me down for my mining profits that magically appear me the instant I come out of the mining spot. Seems legit.
Cowards like you are why people don't play in open. I hope you're proud of yourself.
Being a coward is attacking people by ramming them to death when they can't fight back without incurring fines and getting blown up the station defenses. I wouldn't have a problem with Orca ramming if it wasn't done against targets who are completely unable to fight back. THAT is what makes it cowardly.
He's almost as good as Agent 47
Scrubs has taught me that your daughter has autism. But seriously. That's pretty cool.
/r/explainlikedrcox
Skyrim. Now. It's such an amazingly huge game. And it will fit your ADD quite well. I'm much the same as you. Except in Skyrim, or fallout 4 or any game like that, the main storyline can be put on hold while you dick around and collect 40 robot horses to decorate your stronghold with (I started and gave up after like five), and it's still waiting for you when you get back, no question's asked.
Down the road, not across the street, I get it!
You ever seen what a ryu ga waga gofuckyourself does to the enemy team on lijang tower? It's awesome. Plus Hanzo can use a lot of side routes with his wallrunning, surprising their flankers, and their tanks. Seen what a full scatter arrow does when it's fired at the bottom backside of a reinhart's shield? It aint pretty. Hanzo is definitely viable in king of the hill, and his ult is amazing for nullifying a push from the enemy team. Now, widowmaker? Not so much.
Compared to a trashtion sitting in the corner doing 525 damage a SECOND? What about Torb sitting in the corner literally staring at the wall while his turret mows down enemies? Broken roadhog hook shots dragging people from around corners behind cover from other area codes for a free kill? And the main problem you have is literally the only character in the game that has indirect-fire? It's his fucking job to be annoying. He's the one counter to trashtions, turrets, and flankers. He eats Mei, he eats Tracer. He's completely impossible to play against a Phara, and if you outrange him, he's pretty much fucked. Maybe don't stand next to him when you kill him? He's designed to take out entrenched positions. Which he does exceptionally well. Getting rid of junkrat would make the Torb and trashtion problems even worse.
The salty downvotes in this thread are hilarious.
Grow up.
Uhm... Phara ALWAYS needed two body-shots to down. Maybe now it requires one and three quarters instead of one and a half, but it's a difference of .1 of a second. So who fucking cares? Headshots still deal 300 damage. So pre and post-nerf, Pharah versus widowmaker is literally identical except if the follow-up shot is fired a split-second earlier and leaves Phara with a sliver of health. And Mcree a phara counter? Only if he's single-shotting with his hitscan weapon. If you're using FtH on a phara, you're a fucking moron or the phara is a fucking moron and that fight is over well before any kind of 'skill' comes into it because either one of you just demonstrated a shocking lack of situational awareness. The phara is a moron for letting the McCree get close enough to fth, or the mccree is a moron for using fth on a flying target outside of his range. The nerfs have no affect on Phara's power in this game. She has been, and always will be a pain in the ass to kill. But the nerfs didn't make her any harder to kill unless you're counting milliseconds.
Mei is cancer.
Even that doesn't work against multiple turrets because you've got cunty turrets and cunty dwarves shooting at you the entire time from all over the place. And when you duck back to repair your shield, the dwarves have all replaced the turrets and you're back to square fucked.
Eh.... Yes and no. If nobody on the team is taking anything but chip damage, the 'e' is wasted. You want to save the 'e' for actual combat, when that boosted healing for that two seconds or so is the difference between getting overrun and surviving.
I'm about 1/8th Native Australia Aboriginal. But I'm male. So it doesn't really count, right?
This is why I'm a fan of two genders and an 'inbetween'. Because pandering to the special snowflakes gives us incredibly confusing shit like this.
Shit like this is why Reddit is going to fail. Letting mod teams with obvious agendas continue to run a default sub millions of people use to get news. Brilliant idea.
People don't make money on reddit. When someone's youtube channel is gone, that can remove their ONLY source of income. And let me tell you, nothing gets people riled up like the threat of losing their 'job'. And when those people are the biggest people on your website, with literal millions of followers? You start fucking with that and you're going to have massive problems very, very quickly. Even the whole copyright system on youtube has gotten massive amounts of attention with how broken it is, and that only threatens channels in a fringe way. When you start having channels and such removed for being 'offensive', you're going to see a backlash like you wouldn't imagine.
Joke's on you, I use the Ra skin. I have fucking talons.
Wait for the reviews before purchase. I get the strangest feeling that the story is going be utterly fucking shite with shoehorned-in social justice bullshit. I will give it a chance. But one whiff of social justice and no sale.
And? Results are results. Is the placebo effect a scam? Because doctors use it to literally save lives all the time. Would you stop going to the doctor because of that?
Removing the avoid system? Well. I guess I won't be playing much overwatch until the levels of cancer are seriously reduced in quick-play.
I've never been bothered by Widow. It's the cunts like Mei and now the Tracer on every single enemy team that are starting to piss me off.
Because my cat bit the mouse cord of my gaming mouse in half. I'm not even joking. I was even in the middle of a game.
Thanks for the gold mate, feels good to know that I can explain things sometimes!
I watched breaking bad from the beginning and gave up at the retarded ricin cigarette thing. Such a dumb plot point requiring a leap of logic Evil Kineval would shy away from. Like, just fucking go over that plot in your head and tell me it isn't retarded to the eighth degree. He gives it to Jesse to poison Gus, and then has someone else steal it while poisoning a kid so that Jesse will NATURALLY think that the kid was poisoned with the ricin when he was just poisoned with a plant that would make him sick for a while, all so that Walt can convince Jesse that Gus was the one who poisoned the kid with actual Ricin even though the tests came back with lily of the valley which Jesse would have access to thereby completely nullifying any effect this ABSOLUTELY RETARDED FUCKING PLOT POINT HAS ON THE SERIES. That fucking cigarette ruined my enjoyment of the show entirely. To the point where I didn't even finish watching it. I had the ending spoiled in an episode of Mythbusters and I didn't even care.
Playing on console where torb gets free kills. This is the very epitome of a cancerous player.
Widow wasn't a problem before. But now she's nerfed, the amount of Tracers there are has skyrocketed. One per game. And they are absolutely, unrepentant little cunts. They really don't have a counter now. I mean, Zenyatta has no mobility. So not dying instantly to Widow isn't a bad thing. but now that Tracer can run free, she kills like 18 of the 21 heroes no contest, and just fucking nukes the other 3 with retardedly fast ult building.
Oh hey, thanks for this! I thought it was like Steam, where it'll scream at me and call me stupid if I try to kill it while a game is running.
If you play this game competitively, **don't fucking queue to competitive with randoms**. That's retarded. Trash talk, rage, scream, froth at the mouth, offer cookies, offer sex, offer your pets or satanic rituals or whatever it is you kids do to make friends with each other in regular 'free' play, until you have a full team of six, and **then** go into competitive. Anything else and you're getting stomped. Fucking. Stomped.
Nobody even bothered to check the guy laying flat on his back after a 20 metre fall? Check to see if he's breathing? If he can move? If he's fucking dead? And moved the other guy that RAGDOLLED when he hit the deck? Check his fucking pulse, get the heavy shit off him, and leave him the fuck alone until trained medical professionals are there to check him over. just moving his shoulders like that could have been risking permanent spinal damage.
I get the low 'C's. Crysis 2, to be exact.
Her ult charges RETARDEDLY fast. It should take three times as long to charge as it does right now, because it is absolutely game-changing. And it's not like you can't hold onto it for ages. And since it's not pug matches, her ult is far more useful because nobody **trickles in**. Instead of getting 1-2 rezzes at most in a game, a mercy can absolutely sweep in and rez four people who were assaulting the point at the same time and got stomped.
I... I can't even fathom what goes through your mind on a daily basis that you sat down, read this complaint, and then posted that... 'advice'. It's like someone with one arm comes in and says 'hey, this game isn't working with my special controller, please help' and you respond with 'don't get your arm amputated. If you do your making your gaming experience worse because you have less fingers to push buttons'. I'm trying to impress upon you how utterly STUPID what you posted is, but I just can't do it.
A very good question. This could have been gang-related, the report even says that it doesn't appear to be random, but it has to be trumpeted in the news because, hey, remember America has a problem with gun violence? REMEMBER? Well if you don't remember we're going to remind you every time more than one person is shot for any reason at all! :D
Mantises only regularly do that in captivity where there are mitigating circumstances. http://www.snopes.com/critters/wild/mantis1.asp
If a dude did this it would be a felony.
He needs to do double the damage or half the knockback. One or the other. His ult is just a health boost that means you can't kill him for a while. Other than that, he can't kill even the squishiest of heroes. He can land a solid punch on a tracer and woops, she's halfway across the map now. No, not because she teleported, but because your punch punted her that far. Now have fun trying to chase her down again and punch her and send her flying another several metres away from you while literally everyone else on the enemy team is pumping rounds into you. At least with no knockback, Winston in rage mode would be *terrifying*. Consistently landing those punches over and over again would up his ult damage by a mile. He'd be punching out roadhogs for fun.
Who even plays Zenyatta as a healer? Zenyatta is dps with free healing. Calling Zenyatta a healer is like calling fucking Soldier 76 a healer. Or Mei a tank. It makes zero sense. The game needs a LOT more diverse healers. It's like people complaining about Widow and Hanzo being picked so much. Bitch, they're the ONLY sniper classes. Until more comes along, long-range combat is entirely their field of expertise. And don't even get me started on Symmetry being in the fucking SUPPORT section. She is 110% a defense character. She builds fucking turrets and has a close-range beam weapon that doubles as a charge-up cannon devoted to lane denial. the tooltip for defense heroes states that they're good for **killing enemies stuck in a particular area** which is literally everything that Symettra does.
I was fucking 'meh' on this right up until 'Flight assist: off'. You win.
It doesn't even begin to give you context on the size of VY Canis Majoris. At that distance, you shouldn't even be able to really see the sun. It would be a dim dot in the sky, not a shining bright thing. Have a look at this: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fe/Sun_and_VY_Canis_Majoris.svg/1254px-Sun_and_VY_Canis_Majoris.svg.png THIS is how bi VY Canis Majoris is. If our sun was orbiting it, it would look like nothing more than a tiny, tiny moon. Like some asteroid out for a stroll.
Oh holy shit. That dislike bar. Way to go feminists. You're really winning the hearts and minds of the people.
All of them.
The fact that they have no fucking concept of time zones. I mean, here these dumb cunts are, writing condescending shit like 'Now that the Americans are asleep, what don't you like about them?' **in the middle of the Americans fucking day**. Oh... wait. That's you doing it about Australians.
Seems like a good way to go to jail really quickly.
I've read quite a few complaints already about this kind of thing. Full teams dropping against 6 pugs, etc. It's just incredibly bad, unfair matchmaking that ensures that you're routinely punished for trying to pug your matches for placement.
Okay, so. What if I said I'm going to go hack the NSA, the FBI, the CIA, and every other three-letter-agency I can think of? I will expect not to be arrested or charged with any crime as the servers the information are stored on have no expectation of privacy of information due to the fact no connected server 'is immune from invasion'.
The mental gymnastics these cunts are going through... &gt;“The world’s asylums are full of people who claim they’re Napoleon. If one of them attacks a psychiatric nurse, we don’t attribute the attack to the French Empire – even if clickbaity tabloids or reactionary sources do.” said Bastun. These are the people running wikipedia. What a time to be alive. How can anyone be this fucking DELUDED? I mean, the sheer level of wilful fucking ignorance this man is demonstrating is amazing.
Holy shit that is the most perfect rebuttal I have ever seen.
That's not the point of a wiki. Or an encyclopedia. It's supposed to be without bias and without agenda. It is a collection of *facts*. And the fact of the matter is this man claimed he was doing it for daesh and daesh claimed responsibility for what he did. Their argument is 'buh buh if i stood up and said i was a nazi and killed jews and the nazi government said i was acting on their behalf DOESN'T MEAN I'M A REAL NAZI'. Yeah well, cuntface, you fit enough of the fucking criteria.
That actually sounds a fuckload more like Clinton to me. Clinton won the popular vote, not Trump. Clinton lost, not Trump. Clinton was raised up to be this super-woman who was going to 'break the glass ceiling' (because she can 'fight against men'. Clinton lost hard where it counts, just like Rousey did. And her entire fan base is doing mental gymnastics to say that she didn't REALLY lose. Russian hackers, white nationalists, racist pepe, popular vote, electoral college is wrong, etc etc etc.
Bill Burr calls it 'I'mRight.com'. Which is brilliantly true. It's not hard to confirm your shit if you're specifically looking to confirm it. Just like all those polls that said Clinton was so far ahead of Trump. Sure, you could point at the poll and say 'SEE, clinton will win!'. That doesn't mean it's the truth.
&gt;The one that pushed me to a Level 2 was the fact that I did not know any of the victims in the pictures, so I got 20 points instead of 10. Because somehow it would have been better if I knew the victims in the random pictures I was downloading. No one's ever really come up with an explanation for that for me." What the fuck &gt;"We went to trial to try to advocate for a lower level. The prosecution brought in a therapist stating how I was a danger to the community and how I should be a Level 2 versus a Level 1. He was also the therapist I was required to see after I got out of jail Double what the fuck I mean, I get that people **really** hate pedos and go absolutely insane when they're mentioned (hence why so many bullshit laws are pushed through in the name of 'saving children') but good god, I had no idea that the legality surrounding the punishment of pedophiles was so pants-on-head retarded. Why is it worse to look at pics of kids you don't know? I can't even. Surely if you're looking at pics of kids you know, you're *more* likely to become a child molesterer because you fucking **know** the kids. You could avoid being on the register and whatnot by looking at nude pics of your own kids, or kids next door or whatever. What the actual fuck. And then having the therapist that's supposed to help rehabilitate this guy submit evidence against him and try to get him sentences more harshly. That's just... that's wrong on a moral level. Surprisingly, seeing the therapist **didn't fucking work**. Who could have seen that coming? I didn't laugh, but I learned a few things.
Who knew that pandering to an 'audience' with hamfisted ideological bullshit is going to hurt your sales? Do you see many comics succeeding wildly that are proudly extolling the virtues of satanism? Or is that a really fucking fringe thing to try and push with BOOKS AIMED AT FUCKING TEENAGERS? How do you fuck up this badly? I don't understand.
'Coon' is Strayanigger. Aboriginal Australian's are called 'coons' in the same way that African Americans are called 'coons'. Not sure how that slang is making it over to other cultures though.
holy shit that colouring and page is so bad I was subconsciously looking for a black-and-white Waldo
Never know when you'll need to kick Yao Ming in the scrote, arm and face all at the same time!
BUT U GUIZ RUSSIANS Look up Seth Rich. Wikileaks offered a monetary reward leading to the arrest of his murderer. Think about that for a fucking moment. Have they EVER done that before? Look at the circumstances surrounding his death, his position in the DNC, and wikileaks offering a reward for information about his death. You put the fucking pieces together.
First Trump, now Assange! ANYONE COULD BE NEXT!
Is it weird that I want to pull your pants down as you're watching television or talking to people on your laptop or whatever, and get a black sharpie and carefully draw around the outlines of the marks on your butt? And then I could get you to sit on a piece of paper and see if the marks make out any recognizable shapes! I'll call it a 'Rorschass test'. Also your butt is nice.
I'm 28 and didn't believe the doctor's who said my bad posture would fuck my back. I'd kick myself, but my back hurts too much to.
What a shallow cunt. I hope her husband finds out and publicly shames the fuck out of her.
WTF is with Bethesda and hating toilets? I swear, the only place I ever run into traps is the fucking toilets.
&gt; "Something is afoot." Fuck you.
Quick question. Those three black cars, in the lower left? How in the actual fuck. Can they... there's no roads. How the fuck do they drive those cars? Are they just lawn ornaments or some shit? I literally cannot see how the fuck they get those cars in and out. I mean, there's an alleyway that might be wide enough, if you take into account the angle of the picture, BUT IT'S ENCLOSED BY A WALL. The more I try to fucking figure this out the more my head hurts.
And there's a wall and a garden in front of it from what I can see in the image. That looks a LOT like a wall with junk piled against it, and has unbroken greenery there which would be broken at least a little bit by cars driving over it.
You can't reason someone out of a position they didn't reason themselves in to.
I made poor ship because....? The ship that can jump 40-50 LY in a single jump, can carry hundreds of tons of fuel, with space to spare for a good shield, passenger compartments, etc, is a **poor choice** why? Oh right, because of arbitrary 'game design' that forces said large ship to deal with bs game mechanics that have sucked and needed a rework since the game released.
The point isn't that it's easy to scan. The point is that being easy to scan is a crucial consideration of long-range exploration mission because every long-range passenger is arbitrarily secretive. It's like if cargo and mining missions only ever popped up on outposts but never anywhere that a larger ship could park. Sure, you could get a smaller ship, go to the outpost, get the mission, swap back, do the mission, get back in the smaller ship and go to the outpost to complete the mission, but the real question is *why the fuck should you have to?*
Noooo.... This was the first game I was actually interested in for a while. I even pinned that shit to my xbone homepage in the hopes it would give some info soon on release and whatnot. Dragons are my favorite things to play as or with, to the point I wasted alll of my gold on a vials of the sands in WoW just so I could run around as a dragon. This makes me sad :(
Apparently they don't nuke you now at the station and instead give you a fine. I haven't tested it myself for obvious reasons.
I have an anaconda. Stealth is kinda nonviable. I'm using lower grade thrusters and whatnot too, so silent running is really not good juju because boosting into the mail slot means trying to reign in this goddamn BEAST with thrusters that can barely keep me from splatting on planets when I visit the engineers. I just prefer the anaconda for general shit, and especially for long-range flight. I can take a COPILOT on those long trips and whiz around a planet in a space fighter if I want. I can carry a planetary vehicle for hunting for yytrium (for those 100% fsd boosts!) and not worry about it impacting my jump range too much. I have a fuel scoop bolted on this fucking thing that can suk up like .75 tons of fuel a second. I pass close to the star, and BAM, I'm full. I scan, suck up fuel, and move the fuck on. But I have to give all of that up because every single long-distance passenger is secretive. And yeah, I'm fucking salty. I'd happily take less pay for a non-secretive passenger, but that's seemingly not a fucking option for absolutely no reason.
Except there are literally no non-secretive passengers wanting to go into the black. I haven't found a single one. I wouldn't mind if it cut ten million off the mission reward, I'd like to be able to do long-range exploration missions my way, with my tooled out ship, kthnx. That's what I've been building the fucking thing for. It's a real slap in the face to be told, after engineering an anaconda at the cost of dozens of hours of annoyance and farming, that your ship is just totes the wrong one because all passengers for those missions are arbitrarily secretive. It's not like I was kitting out this thing for black market missions without realising that they needed stealth to complete them. Long-range passenger missions have this extra added layer of 'do this or fuck you' for no sensible reason.
My advice? Don't. Elite is a whole lot of boring grinding to get very little done. You'll have like a tenth of your gameplay be worth uploading, at the very maximum. Instead, do funny shit and crazy things. Build up to owning an anaconda, engineer the engines so that they're less powerful than usual and try to land on a really high-gravity planet. Stuff like that. The drudgery of Elite Dangerous is just not interesting.
&gt;Verizon employees have been anonymously posting over at Reddit about the crackdown, which involves telling customers that eat more than 200 GB in any given month that they may lose their connections if they don't slow down their consumption. Your plan is unlimited! Unless you use more than 200 gb a month.
Engineer things require two things: Materials, and COMMODITIES. Materials weigh nothing. They go in your ship. Commodities are a ton each, you're required to drag them across the fucking galaxy while farming for engineering things, and npcs would regularly appear out of the ether and attack you because you're carrying them. Basically, they removed the worst thing about engineers. It's **amazing**.
I called this! We had three possibilities for the Switch knowing what it can do. It can run fucking SKYRIM. That's orders of magnitude beyond what the 3DS can do. That's beyond most tablet machines by a massive margin and is way more power than has ever gone into a nintento handheld. Knowing this, there were only three ways I saw this going down: 1. The Switch was going to be expensive as FUCK. 500 bucks or some shit, minimum. To cover the cost of cramming all that power into a little handheld thing. 2. The switch was going to be cheap and anemic. The video we saw of it running Skyrim was an outright lie and the processing power can only handle Skyrim in a neutered form, like a console port with a lot of the graphical prowess ripped out and other changes to minimize the processer power needed. 3. what we got. The Switch will release, it'll be powerful, it'll be cheap. Nintendo will produce the Switch at cost, and instead have a paid-online service designed to recoup production cost over the lifetime of the device. This is the route that Microsoft took with the Xbox 360.
Microsoft made their consoles at cost. It costs a fuck of a lot more to make an xbox 360 than they're selling it for. The online services are their way of covering the cost of production. Nintendo are trying to do the same thing. I guarantee you that the online services are the reason the Switch is only to cost 300USD instead of 500.
People in cantinas are really blase about the removal of limbs in the Star Wars universe. Can you imagine if this shit happened in any modern country? People would need counseling. These guys act like a drink got spilled.
Like, before the results of the election, I could get this. I could *understand*, intellectually, what they were doing. They were trying to get cuntface to win. But now? What the actual fuck. What are they hoping to accomplish? THEY LOST. THEIR CANDIDATE LOST. IT'S OVER. What in the actual fuck are they doing by continuing these attacks? What are they accomplishing other being absolute fucking children and throwing a tantrum? Put the dummy back in your fucking mouths and deal with it. Show some fucking maturity you stupid cunts. They're not even trying to fucking DO anything no. It's essentially domestic terrorism. But terrorism has a stated goal; which is making people too nervous and scared to participate in democracy or whatever. What the fuck are they gaining? All they've got is 'uhm... fuck Trump!' And he'll still be fucking president even if they succeed with flying colours. What in the FUCK.
So uh, who are the d.va and junkrat on your team at the start of the clip then?
So he's the guy that gets blamed when someone flies out of the pit with a wheel missing or with the fuel hose still attached.
It never occured to me how much it would fucking SUCK to drive a formula 1 car in the rain. Like holy shit. Imagine rain hitting your helmet at 150mph.
Polls aren't meant to represent public opinion, they're meant to influence it. Keep that in mind whenever you look at a 'poll'. It was never more clear than when 'realclearpolitics.com' proudly posted that Clinton was up 5% in Arizona, a traditionally republican state, using a poll that sampled **twice as many** democrats as republicans.
There were/are people planning to release stink-bombs into the air conditioning units, set up roadblocks made up of paid homeless people, disrupt trains by throwing heavy chains across the tracks, etc, all to fuck with his inauguration day. I don't even know why except that they're children throwing tantrums at this point. Dude's still going to be president even if you succeed in shutting down his inauguration.
http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/az/arizona_trump_vs_clinton_vs_johnson_vs_stein-6087.html#polls And now scroll down to the actual poll samples and have a look at that glorious disparity. http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/10/19/arizona-republic-morrison-cronkite-news-poll/92390100/ They polled almost as many *independents* as republicans. With democrats making up more than half the sample in a **traditionally red state**.
A mushroom cloud isn't just a byproduct of nuclear explosions. Any explosion large enough can cause one. It takes quite a fucking lot of boom to do it though. Something to do with air pressure and the path of least resistance being straight up once the explosion gets large enough. You probably know of the MOAB, Mother of All Bombs/Massive Ordnance Air Burst thing, yeah? That fucker makes mushroom clouds too.
The problem with that is that you don't un-fuck a poll by taking wildly inaccurate samples and then unfucking them later. You take polling samples based on historical precedent (Since it's a fucking red state it should have been equal sampling or a higher sampling of republicans than democrats) and then un-fucked with weighting of the votes. There is no amount of weighting that can accurately correct such a **MASSIVE** disparity, where nearly 60% of the polling sample was democrat. In a RED STATE. That's like if people sampled 60% republicans in Californioa and showed Trump 5 points ahead. It's pants-on-head retarded. And before you try to argue that the weights somehow can unfuck this poll, the poll was **wrong**. We know it was wrong. It was off by a goddamn mile. So, is it more likely that the polling was somehow entirely wrong and not reflective of the voting public? Or was it infinitely more likely that they polled TWICE AS MANY DEMOCRATS THAN REPUBLICANS and got it completely fucking wrong because their polling sample was fucked?
How have the fucking '&lt;---' and 'upvote party' posts not received the same treatment? Fuck making reddit a better place. Just use that code to mess with a subreddit you don't like. I think EVERY post that has '&lt;---', or the word 'upvote' in it should have this shit done to it. But it only happens to T_D. Funny that.
Hi from /r/all. I'm interested in e-sports but I don't know enough about LoL to know what is happening here. Can anyone give me the tl;dr?
I don't mind them repeating the same formula. In fact, not recycling the same formula is the entire reason I **STOPPED** buying their games. BAck when CoD was on the ground and arcady fun where you could narrow your tactical options down to breaching through doors, windows, archways, etc. You could know the paths, where to go, where to look. Map knowledgge evened the playing field more than what gun you had or how high your sensitivity was. And then these latest versions of the game are like 'lol fuck that' and are fucking spastic garbage pushed onto ADHD riddled children who want to jump and fly around in the air like a fucking jet-pack powered ballerina. It used to be that CoD was for arcadey close-in shooting, battlefield was for vehicles and large-scale war, and titanfall was the spastic jump-in-the-air like a retard game. But suddenly every CoD game wants to be titanfall so fuck em. I'm out. The multiplayer experience stops being fun when the game is entirely dominated by people who just jump off top of buildings and abuse aim correction to get easy kills while jumping all over the place like a roided up toad in a hot carpark.
Wow I wonder what the comment section will say.
How, though? You're still farming for the same rng bullshit with a 2% drop rate, except you're not getting told to go fuck yourself if that 2% happens when you're on a character that can't equip the item.
Have you been on reddit at all? The anti-trump circle jerk is reaching critical mass.
*Another* day of walking around the kindergarten with an erection. Sigh.
Okay, seriously? You fucked up when you didn't get that bitch gone the moment she started doctoring emails. That right there is it. She's fucking *out*. You've got evidence she's manipulating shit, it's clear she's doing it maliciously, get her out. I'm glad you got to get her fired, but you should have gone to hr the moment emails started being doctored. That is not acceptable in any line of work in any business, and I'm pretty sure would land you in jail on perjury or somesuch in most places.
What an absolutely awful storyteller. It's like listening to grandma flex from Borderlands 2 on raid difficulty.
I think slander/libel, or something along those lines It wouldn't be hard to prove it, since she's doctoring documents to do the slander/libel.
Don't bother hunting for ascension missions. Just go fed missions to continue gaining rep. Delivery missions, transport, w/e floats your boat. Eventually, you'll be sent to a station that has the advancement mission for you. I kept finding ones that were fucking NOT THE REQUIRED REP. That's fucking annoying, being told I can advance in the imperial navy but nah, not high enough rep with these cunts for that! While you're out grinding rep, you're still gaining rank ups in the background. My hot tip for right now is 18 puppis. There are stations there sending you on boom runs to Daiti pretty fucking often. I can fill up my ship with like 15 missions and just do one jump and turn them all in, and then return and rinse and repeat. Making good money, making slow rep. Grinding out that until I can get the fed gunship.
Aboriginal language doesn't have many references of objects in relation to each other, in the spatial sense. Like, an aboriginal won't say 'move that thing two inches to the left'. Instead, they'll say 'move it two inches to the west'. That's why it's so hard for a traditional aboriginal to get lost. Because everything they look at, everything they think about, is clearly rooted with a north, east, south, or west 'tag' in their minds. So no matter how many corners they take, they know the direction they're facing.
Went into the home of an aboriginal elder down in NSW last year. Guy had pictures of his dead relatives on the walls. It was a funeral brochure, like a quick rundown of his life and what he did. Modern aboriginal culture is a blend of traditional values and appropriated white-man stuff. I honestly don't think that any aboriginal person who's sitting at a computer browsing fucking reddit of all things would have a problem viewing video of a dead aboriginal. Source: am part abbo.
I'm a fucking idiot. I saw a hole in the bed of stars and was like, wow. Is that a natural occurrence or is that dark matter or some shit? And then I remembered the hubble extreme deep field, where they took a picture of a space near the moon that was completely 'black' and found thousands upon thousands of galaxies. So I looked for the moon in the photo. And I found it. But it wasn't our moon, it was one of Mar's moons. A big fucking weirdly shaped rock just floating up there. Fucking incredible. I'm looking at a moon on another planet.
/u/DigitalizedOrange is the personification of your comment.
Inverted.
Yeah, but those are the fucked up parts of the mythology that are part and parcel of what makes the Witcher universe so uncompromising and pretty bleak for human habitation. If the netflix show just focuses on noonwraiths are other comparatively boring stuff, in an attempt to be more socially acceptable, it's going to feel stale and boring, but most crucially, it's going to lose out on the unique things the Witcher universe brings to the table. There's plenty of movies out there of fighting dragons, or gryphons, or demons. There aint no movie out there where the main character is tackling the unglorified disturbing shit that makes you sit up and take notice. It's like the difference between the Bloody Baron questline and the questlines in the city where you just go kill a vampire. The vampire thing could be literally any series set in the middle ages. The Bloody Baron questline is The Witcher and nothing else comes close.
Anyone who participates in swatting should be fucking euthanized.
To put a bullet through an engine block of an escaping kidnapper. Also, to penetrate armor reliably. To disable armored trucks if the criminals request one to pick them up and the negotiator has to agree to it, all sorts of shit. The idea of having a .50 cal isn't to use it in all situations, it's to have it in the unlikely situation that it's ever needed.
I *do* know what to do. Downvote the bullshit, uncreative, inane garbage posted by the unoriginal fuckwit who's posted the same exact karma whoring bullshit like clockwork for the last few months. I hope you get fucking banned for your blatant violations of reddit's content policy. P.S. Literally go fuck yourself.
Report him to the fucking admins, especially as he's a mod of the sub. How is a mod going to moderate a subreddit if he *regularly* violates the rules himself?
I know he's a mod. And I hope that swings it enough that he gets banned by the fucking *admins*. Examples need to be made of karma whores already. Just go look at /r/place for a good fucking example of what Reddit is turning in to. Sort by top all time for a real fucking trip through the annals of pathetic karma whoring pricks.
I did some restumping work on old houses, and every time the stump broke off near the ground you'd near want to cry thinking about how far down you needed to dig to get that fucker out, laying on your stomach underneath a dusty old house. That gif hurts my soul.
Well, he was on the defending team, there were no cameras nearby, and he leapt out a window already aiming and sighting in on where I am, and killed me with one bullet through a shield that takes 3-4 to break. The people I were playing with immediately called that it was bullshit as well, and considering it was the final kill, we all got a nice slow-motion replay of the bullet magic curving bullet that someone hit my shield but also went over it? I didn't know we were playing Wanted where bullets don't obey the laws of physics.
I could understand him knowing my general area. But to mantle out of a window, and one-shot me before he hit the ground? That feels a little bit off to me. The fact I was aiming down my sights waiting for him to leave said window just increased my level of nettledness.
That's a lie. If net neutrality *made them more money* they would go after it tooth and nail. Comcast is all about profit at the expense of the customer.
Fucking Jurassic Park fanfare **HANDS DOWN**. Dun ^^dun ^dun ^^^dun It is one of the most recognizable musical scores ever and 100% fucking awesome.
I outright skip Stargate episodes that do this. They're so goddamn boring. Same as Bones. That entire fantasy bullshit when Boon was in a coma. Jesus christ that was inane.
I knew a girl who's uncle or whatever got done by SWAT. They were shooting at targets while a festival was going on somewhere nearby, and SWAT got called in case they were snipers shooting at PEOPLE or something dumb like that. So SWAT comes in, tazes the guy, and as he's flailing around BEING TASED, he knocked a SWAT officer's gun out of his arms. Got written up for 'disarming a police officer'. Seems that civilians pay the price for cops ineptitude, ignorance, and wilful stupidity.
/r/quotesporn /r/gifs /r/MURICA Those are the three on my front page RIGHT NOW that are pushing this political bullshit. And I've already heavily filtered subs that do this shit. Oh, and add /r/cringe to the pile. And now /r/southpark And /r/AccidentalRenaissance And add fucking /r/rupaulsdragrace to the pile, too. And also /r/fakealbumcovers At least T_D can keep their shit in one fucking sub.
Any movement that generates strong torque on your feet will cut them to pieces of asphalt if the surface is slightly rough. Generally speaking, adults are more susceptible to this because they wear covering on their feet all the fucking time. Shoes, socks, etc. When I was younger, I used to walk barefoot around town all the time. I'd walk barefoot across a road surface that was so fucking hot that *tar was bubbling up out of it* and I actually came to enjoy the feeling of the tar popping under the soles of my feet. And then, a month ago, I was walking down the shop, and I blew a tire (my flip flop broke) so I threw them in the trash intending to buy another pair at the store. Store didn't have any flipflops, I had to walk three blocks with no shoes on and by the end of it my feet were physically hurting from sharp pointy surfaces on the road etc. That's what decades of constantly wearing shoes does to a person. Now, add in *running* and doing high-grip shit like changing direction mid-jog? You're almost guaranteed to scrape off some layers of skin and potentially draw blood.
It might also be timezones. I can't be certain of this, but if the dude is in America, and you're in Australia (Like I am) wouldn't you get an invalid certificate for say, today, the 9th, while the END TIME on their certificate is 12:01AM on the morning of the 9th? I mean, where they live, the certificate is still valid. But in a time zone twelve hours ahead of said person, the certificate is invalid. I get invalid certificates every couple months to rather large websites. I just wait a day and it's fixed. I always assumed it was just time zones.
I'm thinking more of metal doors thrown wide open, with a shot looking out the broken doors, three long lines in one door like it got torn open by claws, mebbe some wreckage, and Black Panther looking back over his shoulder, arms at his sides, claws, ready like 'what, bitch?'
That firefighter? Steve Buscemi. Could you write a more clickbaity title?
&gt;using $34,000 given to him by his grandfather. Fucking tosser doesn't have any business talking about buying a first home because his was fucking paid for with money he didn't earn. &gt;“My biggest negative is I’m definitely a perfectionist. I always say we can do things better,” I didn't know I was capable of wanting *more* to punch this tosspot in the mouth, but there it is!
I rushed through the end bits to get to the endings so I could finish the game on regular, and play it properly, COMPLETIONIST, in new game +. I got the medium ending anyway, so there was no void.
Yeah, let's stop using the phrase 'shots fired' to denote someone talking shit, for the sake of clarity? That headline does not read 'angry loser rants on Instagram'.
Can you even imagine how bad other shit would be if it had preorders? Oh, preorder this car! Preorder this laptop! Preorder this graphics card! Preorder the new i9! We don't have specs on it yet but we promise it'll be cool! And then big names start putting out garbage banking on PREORDERS to make up the cost of development instead of MAKING A GOOD FUCKING PRODUCT. Preorders are fucking cancer. If you have a problem with people saying that, then you have a fucking learning disability. When we get shit from EA and Ubisoft and CoD developers that is barely functional, slapped together, unpolished and downright shite, who is to blame? Is it the people reviewing games? The people making them? Company execs? Or is it the outright retardation of a gaming consumer base that is gullible enough to pay hard cash for a game they've even looked at in detail? Do you think Activision is working REALLY hard on their next game? Or are they just slapping something together knowing that pre-orders alone will pay for it AND the shovelware they pump out? Pre orders are a fucking cancer that reward shady business practises and have literally no downsides. They've got your money already. Even if the game is a steaming load of horse shit you've *already* given them your money. Pre-ordering from trusted companies is fine. You trust a developer, they haven't fucked you over? Pre order away. But when they pull an activision, or an EA, or anything like that, fucking *stop*. Go ask people who preordered Andromeda if they're satisfied. Ask *yourself* if that game would have half as many sales without preorders.
A return to classes, wrist rockets, space battles, free dlc (the rumour I keep hearing) and a team that seems determined not to repeat the mistakes of the first EA battlefront? I mean, I'm not going to *pre order* the game, but I am cautiously optimistic. This might just be the master to the original's apprentice.
I really can't tell why they broke up. She seems like such a catch.
So it's literally fake news AND gilded? lol. Welcome to reddit.
We had someone in Australia here say the same shit. Look, I get that Trump is seventy. He's an old guy with old opinions, but jesus fucking christ someone sit him down and tell him he's a retard, please.
You're absolutely right. There isn't a pattern to what is locked and outright deleted at all. /s
Another one for the filter list, clearly.
Wanna walk on the wild side? I'm in Australia and Activision wants 90USD for Black Cocks 2. The game was released in 2012 for fucks sake.
I just want traditional leather plate samurai armor ;-; why are they all robes?
Limsa Lominsa. I wanna see people swimming there, fishing there, crafting there, staring wistfully at the ocean and stuff, etc. It already sees the highest traffic because it has a market board without a loading screen. It's a no-brainer to add swimming there as a social aspect.
Terry Crews does a lot of Old Spice commercials. He's an all around awesome guy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RNG_tTXXcg Think some silly-guy actor except he's a giant black guy with rippling muscles and a bald head. He's also really good at being a creepy motherfucker too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IMb8GFXHeI But mostly, he's a comedy actor who is best at outrageous stuff like watching a 6 foot muscled black guy cry because he can't put together a doll house. Terry Crews is like the black Tom Hanks. He's just fucking wholesome and everyone loves him. For good reason.
That guy's name reads like a Trump spelling error.
I think this is more neckbeard than mall ninja. I feel like mall ninja is a mass-produced stainless steel wall-hanger, and not something some poor blokes in China spent dozens of hours making.
Oh yeah, I mean I haven't even touched the new patch but I know it's totally unrewarding to play my jobclass. /s
In terms of gameplay: ESO is the worst. It has clunky ps2 era animations and visuals, and is a confusing mess when you have more than two people fighting any one thing. FFXIV is the middle ground for gameplay. It's very slow and methodical. That being said, you have to juggle cooldowns, aoe dodging, DoT management, threat, etc. BDO has the best straight up gameplay, but a lot of BDO comes down to mass-killing enemies with stunlocks so you can get drops. At first, it feels goddamn awesome to be so swish, and playing Musa is so goddamn good. Socially, ESO is a fucking mess, too. FFXIV has an incredible community and I'm part of a guild that is just awesome. The people are quirky and fun. Socially, BDO is like an Online Amish Forum. There's no trading in BDO. Like, fucking *none*. You cannot play with other people. There's no point. BSO is for people who want to play alone, really. Housing is the most accessible though, and you can make yourself a really awesome house to show other people that you will never interact with. ESO's housing is shit. Nobody is going to look at your house, ever, even though you can do some awesome things to it (I saved up for months to get Sleek Creek House). I love FFXIV's housing system, with houses that are physical, tangible things. But the housing system sucks because there are limited numbers of plots and if you're on a busy server, they're all taken. Plots of land are just as expensive as the number of people willing to grind to make them cost more. IE, if hundreds of people have more than twenty million gil for housing purposes, getting a house in the game will cost you more than twenty million. So, all of this being said. Fuck ESO. It's shit. The latest expansion was incredibly sloppy and lacklustre, too. Feels like they were cashing in on nostalgia and it fucking worked. But they gave us very little in return. Even their very first new class since the game's release was underwhelming, and it felt like they nerfed all the other classes to make this new one more viable. Rogues never worked outside of pvp, because in pve they were so soul crushingly awful they can't even take on more than two enemies at once without dying faster than Kenny in a South Park's death compilation video. So pick between FFXIV and BDO. BDO is pretty, flashy, and lonely. If you like playing games alone and don't mind a lot of grinding, then go the route of BDO. FFXIV has a lot of grinding too, but it's so goddamn social you might not even notice. And with levequests, palace of the dead, etc, grinding has never been easier. I've played all three moderately extensively and I was a feral druid main which is why I fucking quit WoW with this expac, lel. But coming from WoW, I'd say go towards FFXIV. BDO feels like a racing game. The kind of racing game where you have an open world and other cars are 'ghosts'. You can see them, but you can't interact with them. That's how all the players are in the game. I mean, unless they're trying to kill you, in which case, they're probably higher level than you and better geared and you're fucked. FFXIV's combat isn't as fun as BSO, but the social and systemic stuff is better. ESO's combat, system, world, and mechanics feel more dated than WoW even though it was released years after said game. Steer clear.
That is exactly what I thought when I saw the icon.
&gt;involuntary manslaughter Not good enough. She knowingly drove her boyfriend to suicide. I read the fucking text messages. Anyone that reads those text messages can tell she *knowingly fucking killed the kid*. Murder would be my choice, and fucking straight up manslaughter would be the next bet. She didn't make a mistake, she didn't fall asleep at the wheel and run her car into the wrong lane. She didn't forget to do someone and get someone killed. She *repeatedly fucking urged this kid to kill himself*. When he sent her text messages saying that he didn't want to go through with it, she *urged him and coaxed him and emotionally blackmailed him until he did*. This belongs in /r/rage for me. Completely fucking horrible human being.
It never happened. His wife is found, one of the only survivors of the virus. She's immune to it, but is still a carrier. I don't know if old mate realises it, but he sneaks in and kisses her. The contact causes him to turn, and he beats her face in with his bare fists in a fit of zombierage. I can't really watch that scene because of the whole thumb-to-the-eyes thing.
It was a spur of the moment thing. The moment that zombie got between them, the wife was fucked. She wasn't at a door, more zombies were behind the first. In this movie, the zombies are fast, agile, and NEVER taken down with weapons other than firearms. Taking one on in hand to hand combat is basically suicide. He had no weapons, no way to push the zombie back, nothing. His wife was already dead, the only thing he could save the moment the zombie entered the room, was himself.
That is probably the most gutless, pathetic argument I have ever heard levelled. I would love to see your reaction if someone made the argument that certain men shouldn't be prosecuted for rapes that can be proved, because it would embolden women to step forwards and make false rape claims. Sound fucking stupid? Because that's how stupid what you just said sounds.
The transportation industry is about to get decimated. And I honestly think the US is going to need a revolution before they adjust to the new problem of losing a quarter of the jobs in the country. If not rapid forced political overhaul, then a violent one. I just don't see the current US government in any way helping the people who are going to be out of a job and whose job skills and experience are completely irrelevant now. That's a LOT of people sitting around wondering why the government won't help them fix a career that is now irrelevant.
There is absolutely no way a system like that would be abused.
Thanks! Maybe soloing it won't be so ~~COMPLETELY IMPOSSIBLE~~ hard now.
He did The Mist though. I know this because I watched it recently and recognized several people out of The Walking Dead in it,and saw in Your Movie Sucks that a trademark of Darabont is that he takes his friends with him to things he directs.
How fucking stupid do you have to be to think they wouldn't? At the very LEAST they'd charge adult websites to be viewed at 'regular speeds'. And anybody that didn't pony up money would be viewed at dialup speeds that reduce porn watching to the same as watching a youtube video circa broadband. They'd have a list of 'proper' video websites that get proper bandwith, and 'undesirable' websites that aren't on that list would get reduced speed to 'help congestion'. How fucking naive are you to think they won't?
90% of people won't wait four seconds for a page to load. That's all it takes. Four fucking seconds. If it takes longer than that, you tap out and find another website. Websites that host content the provider deems 'undesirable' will be forced to slower speeds. So to even survive, they'd have to start cutting shit that the isp doesn't want them to show. How much fucking patience do you have to watch something that's constantly buffering for ten seconds for every five seconds of video? I give you thirty seconds, *max* before you give up on that shit. Be it fursuits, bdsm, anal, gay, transvestite, crossdressing, whatever weird fucking fetish you have will have to be excised or relegated to being hidden behind buffering bars. *that* is how the internet will be made vanilla. And the isps won't give a fuck because they already have your money and you don't have a choice to go to the *nonexistant competition*. Or they'll just say 'here, tick this box if you're a sexual deviant and we'll charge you another twenty bucks so you can view all that disgusting shit at proper speeds.' while also getting yourself put on a new list meaning you can't run for office now since you signed up for 'deviant pornography'.
Think of Beats headphones like... jeans with holes already torn in them. Cars sold with the wrong-color door brand new. Giant, coke-bottle thick glasses with huge rims. Literally the only reason to have these things is because you deliberately purchased the overpriced junk because you want to look a certain way. If you cared about quality, you wouldn't get that shit. If you cared about cost, you wouldn't get that shit. The only reason to buy that shit is because you want people to know you have Beats headphones.
Then wouldn't humans, technically, also hatch from an egg?
Don't worry, the admins don't give a FUCK about vote manipulation. Just ask /u/digitalizedorange
'inability to recognize white privilege' Anyone who unironically says some shit like that isn't worth the brain power it requires to process whatever drivel comes out of their fucking mouths.
"You're nothing but a smear on the Sports page to me, you slimy, ugly, intestinal parasite! Eat me! Eat me!"
By sticking their fingers in their ear and *SCREAMING* at the top of their lungs 'LALALALALALALALA CAN'T HEAR YOU' You think this shit would be allowed there?
This is why Trump won. This is *really* why he won. People say republicans and democrats are the same. They're not. Democrats put this kind of shit through. This kind of fucking HORSESHIT. Yeah gay marriage is good, weed should be legal. But there aren't fifty fucking genders and white people don't have this ephemeral fucking 'privilege' that means they're automatically evil and need to be put down with *overt racism*. If Clinton got in, her government would have continued with this shit. We can't have this much leftist horseshit. It's going too fucking far. And in eight years, the same thing will be happening with the republicans. They're going to be fucking raking the government over the coals, trying to put the bible back in schools, etc etc etc ad nauseum, and everyone will vote democrat because the pendulum will swing too far over there. I just really hope we can obliterate this anti-intellectual privilege fucking crap before that eight years is up. You want a revolution? Denigrate the largest demographic of your fucking country for having the wrong skin colour. See how that fucking goes!
'We need you to fly a space shuttle to this asteroid and let our team drill a nuclear warhead into the surface of it and break it up before it hits earth. The fate of humanity relies on it." 'Uhm, I'm a pacifist, okay? Nuclear warheads go against my beleifs and don't you know that radiation will affect the ionosphere? What results could that have on future generations? We should just build a big metal shield and bounce the asteroid away. You know, like.. vibranium or smthng?'
I love how the main argument is 'but it could be edited'. Like, motherfucker, he ANSWERED THE QUESTIONS BEING ASKED. What fucking editing could possibly be done to excuse that? What retard justification could you possibly have for that MAYBE being edited? Like, right before the cut, the guy said 'hey, answer me completely wrongly on this, okay? And pretend like you're talking honestly! Now, do you think this Russian stuff is bullshit?' How fucking delusional can you get?
How in the fuck can you do any of the shit the people at Evergreen are doing and still be at school? Wtf happened? We get kids being expelled for drawing a soldier with a gun, or shooting an imaginary bow and arrow at another student, or *biting a fucking sandwich into the 'shape of a gun*. MEANWHILE, colleges can be literally taken over by students crying they they need to have more power because 'white privilege'? The fuck is going on.
Says the guy who's never been headbutted. Your forehead is a giant piece of fucking bone. How about you sit down and let me hit you in the fucking head with a bowling ball covered with a towel and then you tell me with a straight face that it isn't going to kill you or leave you with permanent brain damage.
&gt;or even wrongly registered as sex offenders. You know what, if the judges in this particular news story end up stabbed outside their homes walking to their cars I will *not* be fucking surprised in the least. What an absolute fucking failure on every level. Morally reprehensible fucking scum.
A little late but Don't flinch The antiseptic wipes they use on you before a needle. I hate needles but that sharp smell is so fucking good. I found some wipes with the same smell and I huff that shit
One of my funniest moments was this fucking thing in the kitchen. My uncle, a rather serious guy, was sitting at the kitchen table doing whatever. Leaning against the counter nearby was a cardboard tube. It was the remnant of of a wrapping paper tube used for christmas or presents or whatever, I don't remember. But it was light and like a metre long. And I just had this crazy fucking thought of like, how would he react if I picked that up and just WHACKED him in the side of the head with it as hard as I could? Like, hear that SLAPPING noise as it smashed into his ear and immediately crumbled. It wouldn't hurt much! It's fucking thing cardboard. But just the thought of the fucked up expression on his face and that noise had me trying so hard not to laugh like a fucking maniac.
