GUYS!! ..HOCKEY!!
You're my new favorite. Hello, favorite.
Oh fuck off. Just noticed my flair has a broom. Thanks for the reminder, reddit.
No.. No parts are better. They are all worse. Much worse.
Van BeeBee!!!
It won't let you go either eh?
Being a pharaoh I'm Pretty sure..
Morrowind remake :(
Yeah what the fucks up this fable legends bullshit?
Omg if it made the same sound that would be fantastic.
I threw it on the ground!
Jesus fucking fuck leafs.. Fuck.
Soooo my feed just cut out for track and field
DONT DEFEND THEM!!
Hey Bear Bros, in all honesty how do you feel about for moves the past two days? And draft picks?
Yeah I thought they were all weird picks, hopefully they develop though!
Boooooo you
Yeah I'm just using this thread as my draft coverage and I've got no complaints.
"He's a generational player"
Hey man, you guys win a lot, and we (the leafs) lose a lot. So.. It couldn't hurt.
Lol?
Easy dude.
"Malcom (Malkin) hasn't been doing much this year"
Let's go boys
Man, not this shit again. What the fuck guys.. Hockey better, fuck.
He's our future. He's our king.
I'll bet someone an upvote that I'm going to be angry and sad at the end of this game.
What the fuck hockey.
YEAHHH!
We playing like shit but we're winning.
I think I'm getting sick :(
Bitch you don't care about your clients.
GIVE ME A HELLE
Yeah I agree, just when I was embracing the tank too.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLL
Benny boy gets it.
There was a holiday trade freeze, but that's not the trade deadline.
Many save.
Hellebuyck the God-King, may he rule our city of ice for many years.
NOOOO IT CANNOT BE!!!
Erm, the fucks going on tsn?
I want a stafftrick
I think that may have looked worse than it was.
Lol. Leo winning an Oscar. Lol.
Yo Habsbros, where's Fucale at?
Follow up question: is Fucale not better than condon?
Ah, fair enough.
Man that's commitment.
Nah, I just always thought Fucale was supposed to turn out good and condon seems to be struggling lately.
"Marketing"
Oh wait, I got a better one. "Bait &amp; swtich"
Y'all don't like your coach?
Is that based mainly on the Habs recent struggles?
Ah, I see.
Well that's a bummer for you guys.
...are there any Devils fans in here?
Gg Habs
I love your goal/win song
Like sort of but man that's a disappointing turn out.
Also, go leafs go!
At best.
So I really hate GDT's with the Hawks, am I an asshole? Or do other people feel this way?
Stars I understand. But we get along really well with the flames.
"Lots of goals scored on Winnipeg" Yes yes, I get it.
Yeah I really didn't like your regular jersey but I love this.
JONATHON "LITERALLY A BRICKWALL" BERNIER!!
Man that Ron Willson dude is an absolute clown.
Cali fuckin does this to teams.
Habs girls are hella fun.
Ottawa also Cinderella'd themselves into the playoffs.
Ah but this was pre jets when leafs was my primary team. We had our struggles.
Just tank one more year..that's what I want to do.
The NHL can suck a dick already.
Awe man
I'm not sad about being scored on anymore really. I am, however, sad that Hellebuycks numbers go down :(
What the Christ boys?
TOO MUCH MAN!?!
Nah, just enough man.
I just really want Matthews tbh.
Anybody wanna do some Buff stuff?
You're drunk.
Atta boy!
That was weird.
AWESOME
Just out here rippen a dart, bud.
For all you Americans, [this](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=F-glHAzXi_M) is pretty much Canada in a nut shell.
Nice front door.
Whhhhyyy
LETS GO JETS
WHY DOESNT KARI JUST LETEMIN ALREADY!?!
I mean, I was pretty proud.
You can't not elaborate on that. Edit: obviously blue, I'm such an idiot.
THE FRENCH PRINCE!!
GIVE ME A HELLE!
'Murica.
That's about right, thanks zebras.
They don't even show our penalty
NO TOUCHING!
Go Avs! ...I guess.
Heya!
LETS GO OILBROS!!
Struggling for a wild card spot, we took a step back this year with all our new kids.
Call boy. "Get inside me"
Tell it like it is Randy!
I um, I do not.
Scores!!
THE HATE ONLY MAKES US STRONGER.
I'd like to see Ehlers score or something already.
Y'all a bunch of bitches. I'm awesome.
FUCK YOU TOO BUD!!
YOU BLIND??!
LETS GET SOME SCORES FUCKERS
There is also a sabers downvoter.
EVERYTHING IS AWESOME.
ILL CHIP YOU
HOW DO YOU MISS THAT KICK!?!
Say goodbye to your timeout folks.
What a waste of time.
Too much man.
4 on 4?
Yis.
SISLER SUCKS
Guy, you suck!
FUCK YOU IMMA COMPLAIN!!
Fight me
Awe snap!
BE BETTER EHLERS, PLEASE
Fuck ESPN.
Suspended him, that was bullshit.
Masturbate.
People can say what the want and blame who they want but the big story here really should be the suspicious circumstances under which Scott was traded. The leauge and Arizona made it very clear that they did not want Scott at the game and now suddenly he's traded to a team that had no interest in him, making him (I think) ineligible for the all star game. It raises a questions about the integrity of NHL at the very least.
Oookay then Mr. Baloney.
Not sure if you're serious or not.. But, to think the NHL is incapable of being shady is crazy in my opinion. The concussion issue is a big one on this point. The NHL for sure knew about head injuries and long term problems, but the easy option was to ignore the problem, untill the fans and the media started to get informed about it. Then the league had no choice but to start to address the problem.
If the leauge is capable of ignoring serious health concerns they're capable of *suggesting* a relatively unimpressive player be traded.
NO! No more of this "Red Wings find a diamond in the rough at 154th overall" bullshit. Leave some for the rest of us.
I think that's just people's precipitation of any sharks player.
Ugh.
I wonder who the happiest person on earth is.
The fucks wrong with our special teams?
Hah.
Boooooo!
Idk why Pomo doesn't see that already.
Bitch slap that baby.
Wheeler is so god damn good.
Hahahhaha.
It's fuckin beer o'clock bud.
Thing is, I kinda want to tank. But I can't not want to win when watching games.
Is Nashville a nice city? I've never been.
So did Hellebuyck.
I make pretty damn good popcorn, guys.
Good. Good.
Come on Scoreburn, how you gonna score from there?
PONZY WEBER!
Wait, I don't think that's right.
We silly too bro, we silly too.
I like beer.
I've noticed that if you drink lots of it, it is really fantastic.
Man our power play sucks ducks.
I wonder if America will ever have a gay president.
Fuckin' rights bud!
5 YEARS. 5 GOD DAMN FUCKING YEARS.
Like really how long does it take to fix this.
Another 5-10 years before we have a competitive powerplay?
Fuck'em.
Anyone seen the chardee mcdennis episode?
They made a new one, season 11 episode 1.
A sound analysis.
I like this song.
Who's hockey?
Man that's not at all what I wrote.
I am, I enjoy the suffering.
I fuckin love this guy.
DART TIME BITCHES
Yo Predsbros, can I be real with you for a second? You guys are great. Everyone one you music lovin' American bastards, all gems.
Fuckin crisis alert boys.
I'm nearly out of beer.
Ahh, fuck off. I'm free bitch!
Atta boy.
He's got funny forehead lines.
Fuck the blue jackets. Win a game already.
Nah like I'll tame it and it'll love me and listen to me. I got it all worked out.
Well obviously he failed.
Alright. Let's hockey.
Looks good friend
I'm my own spirit animal.
Omg guys
Score you fuckers
15 minutes?
My upstairs neighbours are playing fucking basketball in steel toes again.
GOOD ANOTHER CHANCE FOR OUR SHJTTY PIWERPLAY
Fuck spelling
Fuckin Joel.
FUCK YOU ENSTROM
It's fine. Whatever. Obviously Jets Coahug staff is content with our special teams.
Fuck it, over.
What the fuck buff
This team fuckin blows. I'm so sick of losing.
Assholes. Fuckin' at least pretend to try next game.
Assholes. Fuckin' at least pretend to try next game.
LADD YOU FUCKING LOSER. GET THE FUCK OUT.
Fuckin trade lads and give wheeler the C
Fuckin trade lads and give wheeler the C
Don't blame injuries. This team is shitty regardless.
I hope we win the lottery.
WE WANT SPECIAL TEAMS
WHAT IS WIN!?
Who's drunk?
Me.
Atta boy!
God will understand.
Good effort boys, really loving the special teams.
We should just give them a free goal instead of taking the penalty to save time.
Paul is a fucking idiot.
SPOILERS!!'n
Fuck you tuba
I don't get it, did we kill a penalty?
Pretty sure we shoulda been called for that.
Where the fucks randy?
WE WANT MATTHEWS
Good, that makes me happy
You're a monster
Fuckin blow it up and fire everyone
Hire Lawless as our new head coach.
What a beaut
Who the fucks this Ladd guy?
LOL OUR POWERPLAY
Ladd woulda let him score like a true leader.
I want a new team, take this one away send as new one please.
What the fucks the point of this team?
Hell yeah, assuming everyone who made more than X-amount a year had to as well.
Cutlery scrapping on plates. Drives me flippin nuts.
Write my book(s).
Portugal. The man. Particularly the album "evil friends." I found them here on Reddit and love'em.
Egregious hold.
False start beeotch
Eat a dick Brady.
Bye bye Brady
Checked out some of thE Funhaus gameplay of it, looked cool.
You sure? We get pretty damn yelly when we're losing. Which is always these days.
27 game goal streak for Ehlers. 27 game winning streak for the Jets. Here we go boys!
It's just like free Karma everyday day for you.
fuckin rights boys, here we go.
Beer time!
YOURE IN! LACE'EM UP RANDY!
BOOM BOOM GUNS MURICA
**TRUE NORTH!!**
You'll get another one. You always get another one.
Jesus Christ dude. Have a beer
:(
Oh gooood. The *power*play.
These are goddamn momentum killers for us.
Tooooba
TONY
That dudes all over the place.
lol lafd
Excellent. A second *power*play.
Good. Fuck'em.
Just like I said this morning boys. 27 game goal streak for Ehlers and a 27 game winning streak for the jets.
2 games in a row!! It's a god damn miracle.
Yeah we all regret it I think.
He can go fuck himself for 5 years.
You know what Ladd. You fuckin know what?
Good call tonight. Sorry about your bad call last night Yotes.
SUXK ME DRYY
Jesus fuck already Ladd
Goddamn it.
Wanna run this goalie too Doan?
Bring on the hate! I can take it, I've got beer!
Feels like a football game. 736637 commercials in the last 2 minutes.
Guys.! Guys!!! I'm drunk already
Well, that's interesting.
Yis.
"Manitoba, we didn't destroy all the Native American people and shit"
Sensing a lot of hate towards gamecenter here.
Now I'm sad :(
Fuckin can't take it anymore
How fuckin quite is the MTS center I wonder.
Lol habs are so bad.
I love tony.
Bet ya the allstar game gets more views cause of Scott.
Waht.
Vermette looked so defeated.
FUCKIN LONG REACH
NO FIGHTING
:(
NO FUCKING FIGHTING RANDY.
Holy passing batman!
At least one more. 200ft down the ice.
HEHDJJDJKDDLD ODOJDJJDJJDJD DODOKDKKDKD OMFG
HEHDJJDJKDDLD ODOJDJJDJJDJD DODOKDKKDKD OMFG
WE DOING SHOTS?
Suck a duck.
cheers friend!
Cheers!
OMG what a game
Everybody better buy new hats during intermission.
:)
Fuckin rights boys!
Atta' girl!
That's impressive.
Erm, really?
Aw, congratulations!
As drunk as this guy
Honestly I love all of Burmi's shit. He's always exciting to watch on offence and amazing on defence.
And the mans got hands!
Randy's feeling chippy tonight!
HIS POOR SAVE %
OHHHH FUCK YEAH BOYS
Tuned in just in time for that gem.
Wait, wat!?
Funny story: My waitress I always have used to date Calvin Pickard but it didn't really work out and her new boyfriend is a huuuge Avs fan.
Get outta here!
You're pretty.
Don't! Don't fall for it.
I immediately regretted my comment after seeing his name.
They didn't show the Ehlers hatrick :(
True but you have a better team. The habs are pretty much just price and pk.
I reaallly need to pee but don't want to move.
Haven't been following the Varly stories. What's his legal situation? Is he good to go?
How is it?
Ah, cool - thanks!
Seen it. Love it!
Lol that's ridiculous, come'on NHL.
Someone score a highlight reel goal already.
That actually seems like a lot of times.
Y'all still got the Redman?
Whoops, nvm.
Oh that went south fast.
Fuck I hate doing gdts on my tablet, no auto correct is a bitch.
Some old samsung piece of crap.
Oh it was at the end, never mind.
Lol fuckin Roy.
Boiled bird egg?
I'm a idiot.
I love how Jones didn't stop playing. He was totally willing to take that shot with no mask.
Not anymore,.
Fuckin rights bud! Upvotes for you!
SHOCK ME LIKE AN ELECTRIC EHL!
Sorry I'm late. ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つTAKE MY ENERGY FLAMES༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Ah the good old silly penatly. Neat rules.
That Johnny Hockey kid is so fucking neat.
Yeah Preds, y'all taking some weird ass penalties.
Waht. Really?
You and your team suck! Boo! Gotta toughen you up for those Hawks threads.
Lol habs. It's never not funny
Uninformed. Not really impressed.
Man I was gonna say this belongs in /r/circlejerk then I saw where it was posted..
Does everyone have everyone's number in NHL?
Thanks friend. It was rough, but worth it. Always worth it.
Our team lost and I'm pretty much just trying not to die untill I can fall asleep.
Fuck off with these clowns already.
Game was fine. Everything else has been weird and annoying.
You've misspelled minority.
Yeah :(
Open fallout and it's on the main menu.
I can usually manage to download at least one mod before it boots me.
The grass one worked but all the rest seem not to work.
Next month, no date yet.
I hope so, I downloaded it before and it didn't work.
Hope that actually helped :p
2 gig cap, there are a handful of really big mods on consoles but for the most part they're relatively small. The mods you had for new Vegas were probably pretty extensive ones that can't be done on consoles anyways. In short, 2 Gigs will give you a fair bit of room but you may need to manage your usage a bit.
Jesus that didn't take long at all, sorry to hear that
That's hilarious
Darker nights with brighter lights is brilliant
But they sure as shit use the sounds
Bethesda has to cover their own shit so hey don't get sued or something so I get it. I understand the frustration though.
I must be close to breaking my game. I've become an absolute mad man with mods.
That's not how Resdit works. Funny comments get the most upvotes, not informative ones
Hah, didn't even consider that might be the problem.
What's a search bar?
I'm sick of every other post shitting on console gamers. Even if it is politely shitting on them. Like yes there are some shitty people in the gaming community but it's not exclusive to those who use consoles.
You know, for a loud grumpy old crazy person, Don is right way too often.
YOU'RE FUCKIN' COOL
Will a Sharks Stanley Cup make it better?
NOW THIS IS POD RACING
y'all just jelly cause you don't have super cool Metallica
They look like a rally car
Y'all should revolt with guns and stuff
Pretty sure that was* tripping
I would like to request another Sharks goal, thank you kind and generous Hockey Gods
I don't believe you
Not nearly scared enough, I know what hunts you.
Remember that save
Fuck that shit
Is the game going to be on TSN? Sorry if this was already asked.
I'm not ever sure he was kicker..
Actually? Fuck'em
I'm not a huge fan of him tbh.
...that's not how Reddit works. You're supposed to downvote me because I have a different opinion.
Well, I guess i can't really complain.
Meh
It'll probably be exactly like fallout 4 console mods.
It's my all time Favourite game, I want it so bad
Perhaps he's implying that it was really bad and nothing happened?
That's a bit disappointing.
I mean, I'll buy it.
Console gamer here so mods aren't an option for me. I loved skyrim, loved Morrowind more but I knew that was just a pipe dream, it's been years since I've played skyrim so I'll be probably ready to delve back into Tamriel when it comes out. The addition of mods is going to be nice and I'm sorta hoping there will be some other added features that we just haven't heard of yet.
I like skyrim.
Fucking idiots.
Oh my god am I ever done with these Trouba rumours.
Almost anything these days
You know what I just realized? We're gonna have a bunch of new redditors in r/hockey when Vegas gets a team.
Why has this been downvoted so much? Fucking chill out Reddit.
Trade Trouba or sign him to a stupidly expensive deal.
I can see No Man's Sky taking this one.
Why is this even a thread?!?:(
Like that's nice and all, and I like Hutch, but with Hellebuyck* and Comrie coming up my Hutch hype train is dwindling.
I doubt it, he's got one year left. I assume this year will be Helle/Pavs in the NHL.
Y'all want another goalie? We'll take some Picks.
A 2nd round pick you say? Deal!
I mean the leafs have to room to match that, but really that's a lot of money.
Flair the fuck up and fuck the fuck off.
What the fuck is this? How do these clowns get paid to write this garbage?
I'd like to believe that but I'm losing faith in PoMo, I bet Pavs gets the starting role because for some reason our organization jerks off to him.
Nope
2nd overall and Bryan Little or something. Also, you gotta take pavs.
Hah. That's great.
I'd weep
I should be more clear then. 2nd overall, Little and Pavs for torontos 1st overall pick.
What is dead may never die!
Nah fuck'em.
I just started yesterday man and I love it!
Awe :(
Bastard
This one I believe.
Kyle Connor and he'll be better than Gretzky.
And the NBA draft today but at least they were honest about it. "Here we are at the NBA draft, nothing's gonna happen for an hour" or something like that
Oh for fuck sakes already r/hockey Edit: bring on the downvotes you bitches, I was just being funny because I too contribute to over used phrases and shit posting.
Who wouldn't??
We don't need a guy like Bozo actually
Nolan Patrick for the entry draft, assuming y'all win the lottery.
Oh really? Well that I did not know.
Nobody wants our Pavs eh? Well, fuck.
ARE YOU FUCKING READY FOR THIS!?
BITCH I MIGHT BE!
^ this guys drunk already, what a clown.
How is there a downvoter is this GDT?
WE DID IT BOYS
WHAT THE FUCK
6.47* which is practically 6.5!
I would have rather taken Datsuycks (spelling, my bad) contract and nabbed chychrun but I'm happy
Redeems himself? I say have some faith in Chevy, his one bad pick was Sutter and that was 5 years ago.
Oh that's awesome, grats leafs!
Who needs defencemen anyways
Leafs
Just one more number 1 center and you're good, you're gonna live Nolan Patrick
Well that's your opinion.
I don't understand any of this
What he's saying is that if Harrington gets sent and claimed (that means Harrington will report to whoever claimed him) that pretty much they only got a 5th for Kerby.
Money
Oh no :(
Why downvote this? The fuck is wrong with you people.
All hail the mighty and merciful Burrito King!
Dude this is sweet, thanks OP!
Really it could just be called the "Kane Bonus".
This was asked not too long ago and I'm pretty sure the top response was something like *"sadly all those players will have to be put down"* Edit: I'm getting upvotes for someone else's comment here so if you're the one who said this, sue me or something.
This kinda stuff is I love about the offseason.
Really not sure what I expected after the first 5.
THIS IS HARDLY NEWS
Look at this way guys, we've got nowhere to go but up from here.
Do people listen to ESPN for hockey news? Or am I alone despising them?
Leafs vs Jets 2019. Can't wait.
No I don't care, I'm sure Buffalo has a decent chance, I just don't like ESPN.
But you have so many! Share with the needy!
Not sure why this got downvoted, you're correct as far as I know, everything like that since n64 has been $60+
I've heard this for years now.
3 years I believe.
Do you not understand ELC's?
Ohh, oh that's just too bad.
Does the team have to be immediately successful? If not, I'd be taking all the potentially superstar rookies like Mcdavid and Matthews. Edit: Guys, chill out with the Scientology jokes, you're gonna get yourselves sued.
I feel like everyone's been pretty pissy at the Jets lately.
Morrisey and Petan.
Oh we can do anything, go dick someone up Chevy!
See that's just not true though, we were a far dirtier team in years past, last year was less dirty on our part.
So why do you guys hate hall?
Yeah I was only joking, I feel bad for you guys :/
I fucking would.
The Winnipeg Jets: 2019 is coming.
Oh don't worry, there's still time.
Fisted
Sort of I suppose, but Montreal needed a defencemen to replace Subban.
Same thing with Baseball Diamonds, they can pretty much do whatever the fuck they want as long as there are 4 bases.
Y'all coulda had Tyler Myers too.
Why is this being downvoted? Honestly what the fuck r/hockey?
I suspect no one understands this, but this is amazing.
100% chance there's a lockout because fuck the players and fuck owners.
Hockey.
Well it had downvotes when I first got here.
My only complaint would be with Marner/Connor and Nylander/Ehlers. Other than that I agree. Edit: guys it's because we simply don't know how any of those will really do in the NHL other than Ehelrs and a few games for big Willy.
Our future is here, it's hard to imagine that Hellebuyck won't be getting the start this season.
I think everyone wants to believe the oilers are loaded and ready to go, buuuut, well I mean you're an Oilers fan. You know.
I don't know why, I have nothing to back it up but I just don't believe in the flames.
Isn't that the truth of it all.
He better fucking be, he's a better goalie already than both of them.
Awe :(
Fuck the Habs Mamagment.
Idk how autocorrect couldn't figure that one out for me.
"Says *marketing guy*"
BLASPHEMY!
Everybody these days.
