Nobody takes the world cup away from america right when the American team was starting to do well and Americans were starting to get interested
Ive noticed the best way to make a paint job look good is to make it clean, which is extremely hard to do with white. Excellent job sir
Any serious defense of tebow,
Never forgive roberts for taking streater away from me So walford
Idk man first putin and now NK? I think its bad when ur enemies want a certain guy
Afc-nfc? How fucking boring
The amount of people who avoid there own insurance like the plague on this sub lol
Meh its OTA's
As someone who has worked in warehouse inventory, I call bullshit
Oh hey thats where I live! A few months back there was a big fight when someones dad showed up. From what I observed from the 14th floor it looked like he wasn't very happy that his white daughter was involved with a black man. Anyway so he made a scene, some fists started flying, security destroyed daddy and dragged him away. All the while being taunted by drunk black dudes. (which was hilarious). Daughter was also crying and screaming "how could you". Strangest thing was that dad was dressed in pool attire.
Esports broadcasting in general is a joke. Its a lot of amateur hour because they dont actually have the budgets to do the spectacle the way the audience has begun to demand it be done. Think about it the nfl has 52 million different sponsors and hundreds of commercials per game. Most esports tournaments have computer component companies and blizzard ones in particular basically rerun those commercials. The reason you see a lot of problems is they only have these sets for 1 or 2 days then they go away. Nothing is permanent and that breeds production problems.
For people wondering why "management doesn't just fix it" it's because nurses have a position of power. Something like this which is an epidemic would likely cause a "rebellion" among the nurses and would basically require numerous hirings and firings which is a problem when peoples lives are at stake.
Ehhh i just watched jurrasic park yesterday; alot of this BEST CGI EVEN TODAY talk is just nonsense. What jurrasic park did do well is realize that cgi looks fake so they did everything they could.to.minimize that by adding in other things to obscure the viewers line of site. However one of the most cringe worthy moments is when the games.keeper gets jumped.and they're just holding a palm in front of the camera while the dude writhes around on the ground with a raptor.
As a Raiders fan I'm worried that Del Rio has what it takes. Early on last year I was worried that he was going to squander the first real talent Oakland has had in a decade. The squad he coached in Denver turned into the best in the NFL after he left and another coach came in. There were a few times last year where he looked like he was in over his head and then he made some interesting depth chart decisions. But we'll see how it works this year, he certainly has the swagger of a "raiders coach".
Always gonna be a lot of love for a gunslinger, leading the league in INT's be damned.
ugh we have paper tigers written all of us. We're everyones hot sleeper pick because JAX is too obvious and easy. Getting overhyped to the max. note: I love our team, its the best raiders squad in over a decade, but some of these people are expecting a little much from an unproven team with one 7-9 season under their belt.
&gt; This guy said this about Debose and Valles but no one else has seen that. I need a link that that's what he does all day And then u get hit in the knee, but gotta perform the next day, and your choice is a pill that gives you the runs and make you have cotton mouth all day, an injection that gives you the shakes when it wears off, or weed. Guess how many NFL players choose the weed?
As someone who owns 10 actual blood knights(I bought 1 and got the second pack because the first had so many finecast problems). They are absolutely not worth it. They dont even look good. You're better off kit bashing dragon princes and black knights.
Wtf are you talking about? Football isn't some arcane secret you can only learn by playing; you can definitely identify terms, deficiencies etc etc. Besides its not like ex players and coaches are better. Even current players and coaches do dumb stuff and think dumb stuff all the time.
I figured it belongs since the heroes discussed it on the latest pod
Yes but you don't have to be a player/coach to get what you are referring to. But this standard you are applying to PFF can be applied to every stat. After all JJ Watt led 2015 in sacks edging out khalil mack by 2.5 but JJ Watt is allowed every single play to rush against the weakest point in the offensive line bar none. Khalil and 3rd place Ezekial Ansah have to stay on their side of the ball and sometimes drop back into coverage. Your post addresses a problem with stats period, has nothing to do with PFF. For example the very much loved by every nfl fan Chris Kluwe (dat sarcasm tho) claimed that he was told by his coaches to kick shorter punts, then they later used his lower stats as justification for letting him go.
People who like warcraft will have this be a 10/10 people who dont will be 6-7/10. The 1/10 scores and battlefield earth comparisons are mind boggling
Because this guys being silly. The movie isnt trying to look "real" its trying to look like warcraft which it does in spades. Seems like there's a lot of people who are pretty jelly that they don't get it.
I actually think people expected the entire lotr trilogy. Which is the nature of memories but isnt fair considering tht its only 1 movie. That being said id say wc1 holds up to fellowship alone
As someone who works in logistics fucking fine, truck drivers are the worst.
The main problem isn't "paid for" congressman its the fact that the majority of congress has no idea how the internet works. So when all the phone companies come a knocking saying the big bad FCC is preventing your constituents from getting good Internet they act on misguided pretenses
Relisten to the soundtrack. The soul of all the warcraft music is there. The music is great.
Yea the way they turned the wizard fights into them using their wands like guns was silly.
And anyone else i need to bribe to make it happen
All that stuff is generated for the good of humanity; theres no payment involved.
Am i the only one who hates when people say "you had one job" when clearly the person had many more than that?
Meh its not like fitzpatrick has an amazing track record hes 43 and 61 career total w/l and has been on 6 different teams. So unless he suddenly figured out how to play pro ball at age 33 I'm gonna bet his success had more to do with the jets as a team than his qb play
They removed it because worgen spelled backwards is negrow and some people got some bright ideas on what to name their new worgen pets Bad look when world of wacraft accidentally references real life slavery
Gold standard rolling in his soccer pitch grave
Gw sells a couple brown spray primers. If they're too expensive army painter and other modeling companies have brands. Id never use commercial stuff because its designed to expand and take up as much space and fill in as well as possible; not good for models
Have you ever been to the everglades? You practically trip over the damn things. Id take my chances with sharks before gators
Ehh thats kind of taking this talk in a different direction; obviously wow plays with real life uses of certain things but the fantasy and the theme is still there. The fantasy of a marksmen hunter doesn't have me using a bow it has a nice longrifle with a scope
Their devs are considered top tier by what standard? That they dick around on the forums of their free game?
I think its much more like audiences google the movies out, and pick the one with the highest rotten tomato score
I dont understand how you can read the books and prefer yen
Usually when its triss' pov it talks about how she actually deeply loves and desires geralt. Meanwhile yennefer sees how many other men she can sleep with before geralt snaps
Well see with BW I value her (it?) for her ability to constantly heal multiple players. So at level one her trait heals 100 health every 4 seconds Lets take Malfurion, his regrowth at level 1 heals 500 health over 10 seconds. Brightwing assuming she pulses 2 heroes twice matches that output. The difference of course being that bright wings is free, doesn't have to be targeted, and is on a lower "cooldown" than malfurions heal is. Also because one of her abilities is not being "used" by a heal it allows her to have poly shield and flare. That being said of course there are scenarios where other people outheal her pound for pound and ideally you would choose another healer if your ONLY goal was straight healing throughput (like say morales for example) but rarely do you get your ideal and rarely do you ONLY need a support for straight healing throughput. Besides my brightwing build is usually (assuming no variable heroes like nova that demand reveal effects) 1-33% healing range increase 4-50% Arcane flare range increase 7-Reduce CD of mist whenever you cast a spell 10-Emerald Wind 13-Usually slow on arcane flare but 50% ability damage if they have multiple mages 16-make polymoprh targets vulnerable 20-stacking mist heals The only 3 "healing" abilities im taking are at level 1 7 and 20
Its the better ult
Real talk id do this for my gf; she hates her weight but hates working out more. Me on the other hand am usually very consistent but ive stopped because i dont want her to feel bad
Many many dont and many many get degrees in shit thats useless
Mcgloins hurt
This is why you fucking decline
How the fuck was that not intentional grounding? He fucking spiked it
That ref looks so upset that we are challenging
ITT: People find out that prison is shitty
Why fire him now and not let the new GM make the decision? Shit why not let Chip try his hand again at personal ala bellichek?
As a fan of a team that spent 13 years without a winning record and hired half as many coaches it infuriated me to see a team and fanbase treat a winning coach like he was sub gus bradley. I also get irrationally angry when browns fans coo over Carson Wentz as if he would have been anywhere near as successful behind clevelands line
My favorite part is Crab's disbelief that its actually happening. Like "what the fuck did that guy really just walk up to me specifically to break my chain?"
By facemasking at full speed. Also key that I never said aqib talib sought to intentionally injure I said the best play is to intentionally injure via a facemask
Corpse Princess Boy did that show go off the rails
We don't have universal healthcare because Ted Kennedy died and got replaced with a republican. That ended the supermajority coalition.
Well yea but what do you do with them? No other country wants them, do you just push em out the door and say cya?
Nah this is the most bullshit excuse people come up with to hate on Obama. He's the fucking commander in chief of the armed forces, if an armed forces operation goes well he gets credit. Lincoln gets credit for navigating through the civil war, but he sure as shit never fired a shot. Wilson gets credit for WW1, pretty sure he wasn't in no trenches Roosevelt gets a hella boost for WW2 but you damn well know he wasn't in Normandy. Bay of Pigs was a massive embaressment for Kennedy, but he wasn't on those beaches My Lai was a major blow to Johnson, but he wasn't out there gunning down villagers You don't get to pick and choose and go nuhuh Obama doesn't get credit for that because he didn't personally pull the trigger.
One thing that came out from the wikileaks emails is that quite a few countries that publicly condemned the US involvement in Libya and Syria were privately asking for US involvement via the state department. Alot of countries really rely on the US to be the world police
What dont you like vis-a-vis iran and israel?
Would it make you feel better if I told you he's issued less executive orders than any 2 term president since Grant? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_federal_executive_orders
why not? My anecdote is just as good as their anecdote sans evidence. Therefore I'm calling bullshit as my experience is different.
Just be honest and say what you want, you want a long term relationship with someone who also likes bdsm No need for codes or secrecy.
Ehhh an enemy they couldn't see and weren't expecting to find.
Its a function of the us election system wherein only the party fringe votes in the primaries therefore moderates get weeded out before they can hit the general election
Yea absolutely its because theres an issue with the rules and it hasnt been addressed. The only thing in the book right now that addrrsses certain situations is palpably unfair im all for adding more standardized or routine ways of handling it however until that happens id rather not the refs just allow teams abusing the rules to be rewarded is all.
I think it would be naive to say that race didn't play a part. Now I certainly don't think John Boehner or Mitch McConnel were like GET THE DAMN NEGRO OUT THE WHITE HOUSE. But I certainly feel like the absolutely extreme overreaction by the far right to his election was motivated in race which in turn pulled the party further and further to the right.
In the US sitting congressman are extremely difficult to unseat. Therefore even in cases where the electorate of a given district shifts political views they could still stick with an incumbent, just one of the oddities (or horrors to some) of american politics. When Kennedy died it gave his district a chance to re-align their congressman and they went republican. If its Ted Kennedy running chances are he keeps that seat, with a fresh run off? Who knows. Plus iirc his replacement basically ran on the fact that they'd stop universal healthcare (because that's what happened)
I'm just gonna go through your post to address a few things. &gt;The Republicans holding both houses have allowed quite a bit The 112th and 113th congresses (2011-2014) were the least productive congresses in terms of amount of bills passed since the incorporation of hawaii and alaska. Though I can't find current data the 114th looks to be barely better than its 2 predecessors. http://dailysignal.com/2014/12/30/turns-113th-congress-wasnt-least-productive/ &gt;every day that Obamacare isn't de-funded is a day of going through with his agenda. They can't defund obamacare because they can't overcome a presidential veto nor can they overcome democratic filibuster in the senate. Has nothing to do with their tacit acknowledgement &gt; Then there's all of the spending going on, which is typically a non-Republican thing It's a non republican thing in name only, republican administrations and congresses spend just much if not more than their democratic predecessor, generally because they cut taxes and dont cut spending to account for it so they drive up higher debts and deficits. &gt;Congress has the power of the purse but they're refusing to use it. They can't use it because they can't override Obama's veto or a democratic fillibuster.
Hey I work in live production so let me answer. The best way to ensure there are no problems is to do a rehearsal with all the parts that will be used during the show that includes the talent. However this isnt always possible or the talent simply doesnt want to so theyll send someone from their band or their assistant to test everything. Unfortunately these tests are usually nothing more than "is it on? Test test okay were done" And finally most A list talent travels/performs with their own tech operators hence why if its a problem with the tracks it wouldn't be on dick clark productions. But honestly shit happens in live production especially musically sometimes shit just goes wrong.
Hey so this means I can play rag regularly?
She-hulk cartoon specifically the transformation scene
Was their defense too complex as well?
idk if you view the NFL through rose colored glasses as a pats fan but the last 15 years have been the same teams in competition, and the same teams as bottom feeders. I'm not saying turn arounds can't happen, its just that they are preceded by getting players on the team and actually building. Winning in the NFL isn't some improbable coin flip. Furthermore if you want attention in mega-market like LA you need to be a consistent winner.
Lame that making the playoffs exempts you. Basically means we're always stuck with meh teams
Totally seperate walked up to crab after a play and snatched it and ran
It will decimate keeps if left alone, I think combined with general of hell a demonic invasion on a keep can take out half its health or more depending on the placement of the secondary turret. If I want to dunk I take black pool If I want to win I take invasion and drop it on enemy buildings every cooldown.
Not viable, just better. The beam as it is is viable because it forces the target to run around, if they happen to be hit by cc then it does pretty damn good damage. It also is an instant "I win this duel" button. Either they sit there and tank purifier and die or they run away.
Wtf even is this you're bitching because huskar was a troll throwing spears and not axes? Get a life lol
while conveniently ignoring the stat based argument I posted lol.
The no overtime in the truck is wrong and illegal The passengers in the truck is not wrong and illegal and is actually the company doing said passengers a solid as they don't have to put miles/gas on their personal vehicles Before you file a wage claim (and as you said potentially lose your job) try advocating in a way that says, "hey guys I'm pretty sure this is illegal and you could get in trouble for it!" Never assume maliciousness when incompetence can be the case. Many small business owners are good at selling their particular product, not at actually running a business or HR.
Go to the police, police will contact them for footage. Just be prepared op to find out that the cams were mysteriously not working that night or down for maintenance. Look through your rental agreement for anything guaranteeing camera surveillance.
It is illegal and against copyright So take that information as you will.
Every other industry is able to maintain standards of customer service without requiring "tipping" to pay their employees. If you feel you deserve a "commision" thats something you negotiate with your boss. Not an onus to put on a customer. I'm there to eat and have a good time; not worry about suddenly being directly responsible for your wagerate. All other commissioned employees take their cut off the list price of the product. There is nothing different or special about being a waiter that means that should be different. Especially when there are other countries were tipping isn't a thing and they manage to have high quality restaurants with dedicated waitstaff just fine
Most progressive would be the hots team. Yes im being pedantic
Id imagine the biggest issue and what i recall the devs saying is that it amounted to a block feature which would fuck with the matchmaking in hots overwatch and sc2. As well as the pain in the ass of having to reinstance people in WOW to avoid their friends or guildmates. They also didn't want to deal with just letting the game allow you to run into people in game via matchmaker or physically being present in wow. And the inevitable bawwing and fallout that would cause.
1. Dustin Browder while he was game director up until a few weeks ago would simply answer any questions put to him on twitter. 2. They release a new hero every 3-4 weeks and aggressively balance them to ensure they come within +/-5% of 50% 3. Devs display striking transparency and often directly implement or add player suggestions to the game within a month 4. Devs always explain what theyre trying to go for with any given gameplay change and are open and honest when heros get away from them or present balancing problems (kaelthas) 5. As the older heroes fall out current design philosophy they are frequently updated and reworked to keep pace with newer heroes as well as fit the current design meta. 6. They admit their mistakes
The one based on the scopes monkey trial
U seem upset lol
Deploy them in advance of ur troops to thin out approaching arnies if you are defending. Hide them in forests and have them go to work against the enemies back line or set them against enemy siege units. If you're attacking ranged armies really want that walk up phase of free shooting to thin out your army. Advanced deployment skirmishers can tie up that fire via distraction or by engaging enemy ranged units. And finally they are a great anti flanker unit to protect your own ranged and siege units from the variety of quick moving flank units. Theoretically does it make your army "harder" if you just only have big block stacks? Yea but you could also just auto resolve every battle too.
What essential content is blocked? All heroes can be had with gold which they chuck at you while you level/do quests. There's also been the recent nexus challenge which gave u like 10 heroes if you played with friends
Block lists are generally much smaller than friends lists and are usually game specific not cross game
I feel like his AP build is fantastic if you cant AA effectively against a certain comp. He turns into a chromie that punishes you for getting close and bawwwgawd guillotine is dirty
Get the nexus bundle its the same cost of buying a game
Get better internet/computer. Twitch streaming has a delay
Im still upset about the addition of finishing blows, but thankfully the community despite my worst fears is able to handle it
Cant wait till salty texans fans start shining lazers at this game and the ensuing shitstorm because this game isn't in mexico city
Source? Or gtfo
Well dont you feel silly
To be honest I've never thought arnold would be a faithful husband. He used to point blank walk up to girls on venice and blurt "do you want to fuck me?"
Lawl literally no reason to pick taz dingo
So your making shit up based off random insults?
I mean on a base level this would be criminal mischief in colorado http://www.criminalpropertydamage.com/colorado/ Crabs a bigger man than me because Id be filling a civil suit and a police report over this
Because deandre grabbed amersons
Fundamental flaw in comparing tazdingo to guillotine is that guillotine is a VERY safe ult
Bullshit there are plenty of ways to make football less dangerous that wouldn't impact the excitement of the game. Starting with actually punishing dirty/dangerous hits as opposed to touchdown dances. Players want to win, and if they know that laying a dirty hit will end with a hefty penalty followed by a fine and possible suspension they'll stop doing it. Until then we'll have shit like this because Dupree knows that knocking the QB out of the game=win.
idk after his twitter tirade against participation trophies where he basically threw his kids trophies away, I'm pretty sure he's an asshole.
How do you figure? The ability power build allows you to do damage from a much safer distance than auto attacking
Unfortunately a lot of business software has these weird quirks especially the specialty stuff.
What insurance do you have? I've never had to pay a deductible for a "not at fault" accident all three times I've been in one.
She learned the lesson that you're a terrible enough person that you can justify theft over 3 minutes wait?
Any insulting terms for any politician. If you're calling him obummer or donald dunce you probably dont knowwhat you're talking about
Human beings
You're ruining the fantasy.
Nah thats theft lol.
Founding father used here in very loose terms
bruh......
secret garden prolly Although ASU's campus has always been a popular spot for crazy preachy types
Alternatively : waitstaff treating customers like shit
I don't think you know what zipper merging is
"Always remember to stay away from wikipedia class, anybody can change it whenever they want and its not a reliable source! Now type in www.geocities........" -_-
Duh international competitions that have viewership from dozens of countries defeat domestic viewerships. Also the world cup viewership is hilariously exaggerated in that chart. Their potential "peak" viewership is 6 billion people.
And immediately will be picked up by and contribute to the patriots
When was the last time a raiders player got arrested?
One thing you gotta learn about the community opinion with this game is that it is obsessed at assigning and following "value" Talents,heroes, and abilities that dont have easily derived "value" are often overlooked and even decried by this fan base. For example when Samuro was ruling the nexus the "hot button" was his "self cleanse" because of the insane "value" it gave. There were dozens of think pieces and tirades about how there would be no way samuro would ever be balanced unless that aspect of his kit was removed. That never went away and here we are. Alot of people also fall into the direct comparison fallacy. "Why pick tyrande when morales gives better VALUE ?" Nevermind that Tyrande's kit offers things that morales doesnt have and vice versa, the VALUE isn't there. Basically take the meta with a grain of salt, the meta changes constantly as people discover new things and counters. Sonya and Arthas were frequently derided as worthless i think a year ago, then a pro team rode them to victory in a major tournament. TL;DR nobody knows what they're talking about go with what feels right and you have success with
Theoretically speaking we could do without murray, we just need to make sure that we replace him with an "inbetween the tackles" back. Richard and Washington are outside the tackles backs.
btw you can include a start time in a link you copy and paste your URL Then you add #t=()m()s where the parenthesis would have numbers and M stands for minutes and S stands for seconds So for example your link you would add #t=1m14s Or for a full link https://youtu.be/wepgzlasF9U#t=1m14s
to be fair, there is a reason there were like 9 new starters this year.
That, and I think there is usually a bevvy of stuff that we can't see behind the scenes.
Flyers/skirmishers for artillery Oh also use the woods
Well at the time yes the british empire contained vast swathes of land across the world and they were the only major power standing against Hitler until Hitler decided to lulzily attack Russia. Hitlers aim was a theoretically world domination, and therefore when you are the only one standing against someone bent on dominating the world you are in fact leading the world
I mean, his team is still in the playoffs while the bronies didnt even make it so it sounds like was right AND got paid
I mean......being with the raiders would be like getting with a black guy after breaking up with ur white racist boyfriend
Iirc the sorceresses college was only like 8 individuals so 5 aint bad
Call them, just be very clear that you two know each other and that your aren't attempting to do this to random people
GOT already has a crapton of cameos/recasts of people known for other roles.
Well now you've moved my goal post because i was addressing the person i responded to who said famous people being cast is distracting. So no under your narrow definition there arent that many cameos. But here's a nice list from vanity fair https://www.google.com/amp/www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/photos/2016/06/game-of-thrones-cameos/amp
Did you really feel the need to point this out? Like did you really think anybody had forgotten?
Basically washington was the one everyone liked, Ben Franklin maybe, but everyone else fell along ideological lines.
A new stadium deal would get done for the Raiders in SD.
ehhh spinatos is better than venezias
woulda just been better if they'd won
Probably a dreadnought hellbrute, deff dread, and wraith guard
Society as a whole does, that's the way society works, if enough people don't like it, it goes away. You could take the exact same arguement you are applying for here (all ideas deserve to be equally entertained cuz....fairness?) and use it to defend every single thing that has society has outlawed. You are essentially arguing against society as a whole.
ASU in general if you could define its culture and everything its student body does is "not taking things too seriously " Or more accurately A shit post
You do realize people can have atleast played multiple games right? People are not JUST cod players or JUST starcraft players
If you have to say it.....
They didnt score with little time though. They scored with about 3ish minutes left on the clock. Scoring with little time to force a tie/prevent a field goal would be scoring with like 30 seconds left. It was too much to be game ending, too little to prevent the steelers from running it out with a first down.
Look up ASU's secret tunnels That shit was sketch
The roles are mostly for quick match purposes at this point. Quick match only allows for certain team comps to be made based on role introducing too many different unique classifications would muck up that system and would require more under the hood work than simple text and column swaps. Itd also likely increase que tines. Then again this is just another way to say laziness.
I love when ops leave out massively important information like a profit sharing agreement
Lol he totally never thought itd happen
You are aware that this is a benefit of the safety position right? Do you think Dak Prescott is better offensive player than zeke elliot because dak has way more pass yards too?
The underlying issue is the seahawks defense just seem like they dont want to do anything related to their contractually obligated jobs. Its like they hate being football players. They wanna threaten the media for having the temerity to provide the coverage that generates the interest that gets them paid, they complain about having to play so many games a year so close together, they complain about the rules and how unfair it is to be an nfl defense, they complain about how the NFL doesnt protect players and then they go do things that are illegal that could hurt players.
Itt: people pretend animals want to do any of the things we force them to and that this dog should have had a "choice"
You honestly think a human being can "beat" a big cat?
You can file a wage claim you can also have an actual phone conversation about whats going on and if they've been sending the check the wrong location if so you can also just drive out to where they cut checks and get your check. Phone conversation should be something along the lines of "hey its santa I still haven't recieved my check, have you mailed it? Hmm you know what it's either getting lost in the mail or somethings haplening because I dont have it ill just come to you. No i cannot wait for it to come in the mail any longer. Im sorry you have to void it but it simply isnt reaching me"
Anyone can sue anyone for anything. If she does sue you get a lawyer you'll probably win, make sure you show up to all court dates. That being said she's going to have a hard time proving slander, the only one who could possibly prove a slander charge is him vis-a-vis you accusing him of rape. However he would then have to prove that he did not in fact rape you which would of course be difficult. Now here ends the legal advice Life advice: Cut and block these people out of everything. No instagram, no Facebook, no twitter. Not unfriended, blocked. If you have a particular friends group/social circle and they run in it I'd advise you find a new social circle as well. Its not easy, its not fair, but this is your best bet of being able to move on with your life and avoid situations like this.
This sounds like a union thing. She needs to go to her work to get this sorted. If she doesn't want to do that she's going to need to quit/eventually she will quit via job abandonement. However what job/union is this your post is pretty vague
Yea she needs to go get it sorted in person like and adult. If not she's going to quit by proxy via job abandonement
Vendor A released us from payment before they closed
Bruh, they made the sign on their machines with their employees and delivered it with their vehicle. Then that very same day one of their employees led a workers coup and everyone quit en masse and formed vendor B. Owner of vendor A confirmed that he didn't want nor need payment for the sign as he was now closing up. A few weeks after that we received an invoice from vendor b for the sign
The Sin City Oakland Raiders of Los Angeles
So if I go to mcdonalds, buy a burger, then the owner of that mcdonalds says its free, then the next day mcdonalds closes, the fry chef can come try and make me pay for that burger?
Vendor A folded after we were delivered the work. Vendor B didnt exist until after Vendor A was folded because Vendor B is all the employees of Vendor A sans owner of Vendor A
Itt: that scene from Ridgemont high when debbies boyfriend lasts 35-45 minutes as is "normal"
Itt someone isnt a high templar unless they have feedback
High templar are weird half damage half support casters Tassadar is a weird half damage half support caster
Sex drive.
You spend 8+ hours a day at work to afford a house/apartment that you feel obligated to leave because you dont want to feel guilt over being lazy
Certain teams transcend their home market and become more important than where they play. The Raiders are one of them, Oakland doesnt define them, they define Oakland. Packers, and Patriots are 2 other examples of this.
By the time the tv contracts roll around again chances are theyre going to switch to a sunday ticket-esque streaming model so region broadcasts may not be that big of a deal if you want to watch "your" game
So team in london is a guarantee?
Arab women are lowkey hella hot
Yea id forgotten they're a distinct ethnic group. I shouldn't have said arab, I should have said middle eastern
Anything in this game is "legal" Unbound is a thing. Of course that makes you a douchenozzle but yea
Two things 1. Good guy Derek Carr is following his religion and using his position of influence to call for peace and togetherness, the results are set being upset wont help. I fucking hate Donald trump but Carr is right the best thing to do is come together. 2. Every single athelete and person in the NFL should be a republican because it is their best interest. The republican party overwhelmingly benefits the rich, which everyone who is position coach&amp;up and player is. I don't blame them for that, it's their best interest to support the repubs. I'm not rich so I support the democrats. But it doesn't upset me when people like NFL atheletes support Repubs because it would be mind numblingly stupid for them to do otherwise.
So now that this has been proving to be faked/biased is everyone who condemned this production company/film going to apologize?
Lol you can't revoke diplomatic immunity
And here we go everyone gets excited for another patriots QB thatll be meh the 2nd he leaves New England
Ehh he broke his leg mid breakout season If that don't happen chances are he is still on the team, but as it was he was the odd man out because he doesn't have the physical traits of holmes, but is gonna cost more than a random udfa/low round draft. That being said he caught the game winner for the 49ers against the rams this year
He and marquette hang out all the time, he watched the Texans game with Derek Carr
Hence my everlasting advice to discuss list scope
They had 2 guys miss a tackle on the ball carrier
Why the fuck wouldn't they pursue it?
So how did ted get out then?
According to the claims of this diver this "moment" was 3-4 hours
The wiki article lists an alternative theory pushed by a BBC program that he actually separated from her because he was worried about being seen with a woman alone that late and then she crashed the car, hence why he didn't report it because he didn't actually know it happened.
if the bbc is to be believed it wouldn't have happened anyway because he'd get her an uber
you said without any sources whatsoever than your personal feelings
Ugh I wish teams would describe their defenses as more than just "4-3" or "3-4"
His gunner prolly got a kill and he assumed it was his or something
Executive orders arent laws, they're more similar to workplace rules for the executive branch. It just so happens that these rules have far reaching effects due to the nature of the federal government.
Yes the president is commander -in-chief of the armed forces
Your sources are so overwhelmingly convincing
I wonder what this will mean for the translators who helped our armed forces in these countries who are still awaiting visas
Going to pegging is 0-100 Fingering is the next step up frm rimming and massaging
I lived at university house and got 100 up/down IDK if that's changed though. Only had 2 service outages in two years. When my service was out though I was close enough to get ASU's campus wifi so I just used that.
Fuck Aqib Talib
I mean objectively its prolly true,he gets the NFL experience, without the brain damage or constant aches and pains that can only.be silenced with high dosage painkillers
I remember some extremely recalcitrant broncos fans swearing that it didn't happen
Except its also being applied to lawful permanent residents
Are you in the construction business? Many places 1099 new workers until they become "actual employees"
There were no less than 3 "this american lifes" that i listened to talking bout this. He had his criticism and they even passed a congressional bill over it.
Whatever the fuck just happened with these airports
Im pretty sure trump didnt sign an order that said "kill innocents" either. Collateral damage is a thing in war, assigning all negative things as purely belonging to trump dilutes the point and impact of things that really are his fault
What on earth did I just watch
I love how everyone justifies it as "pennies" Because restaurant margins are oh so fat and that money isnt already budgeted out.
Like I said in another response this was and is a very technical legal issue. A congressperson is not an accepted authority for a member of an executive agency, nor is reddit, nor is the news. I'm not saying that this wasn't a massive clusterfuck. However what I am saying is that alluding to these federal agents as some boorish gestapo stand-ins ready and raring to break the law does more harm than good to the cause of preventing trump from doing shit like this in the future.
Disobeying a court order isn't technical issue no. Figuring out how this court order applies to your situation, who it applies to, and how you are supposed to follow it without jeopardizing your other responsibilities is.
No, it really doesn't hence why it wasnt, stop trying to make this about these border agents forming some weird gestapo now that trumps in charge
Conversation wheels are/were the death of WRPG's
A life sentence for trying to run a criminal empire Yea I'm fine with that
Uhhh Iirc stanford and mit are 2 and 3 for innovation so its not like its a total joke. If you go visit the rankings site they actually list all the reasons why
Ok but they didnt use any social engineering
Theres a difference between your corner addict and the drug cartels and kingpins. I think we'd all agree that prohibition was a bad idea, and that there wasn't really anything wrong with the people who broke it. However I think we'd all agree the organized crime empires that sprang up to circumvent prohibition were criminal as fuck.
Was basically my tabletop army during 8th ed lol
Warhammer Fantasy 8th eds early meta started with favoring huge units. You got bonus' for units that were 10 models wide called a horde. Your standard horde formation would be 40 models. So my army for orcs and goblins was grimgor one big ass block of black orcs and then warmachines. Warmachines especially catapults were stupid good because they could wreck large units AND big monsters. Only thing missing from that screen is a shaman and maybe one boys block.
And they explored a wide range of viewpoints. They don't need explore every single one in existence
They also have no way to compel him to play or play well. If he DGAFS and he's either gonna retire or play with a different team he could unretire, force the lions to cut someone else and then just be an absolute shit player or feign an "injury" called still being on the lions. What keeps players in line basically is a mixture of legacy and future paydays. When you have the plausible deniability for legacy and you dont care about future paydays there's nothing to prevent you from going rogue except maybe some sort of league black balling. I'd bet in the next CBA there'll be some more structure regarding retirement to prevent players from doing this, IF Johnson decides to go the Lynch route.
I like how all these bills players sneak in here and bills fans still going on about #5 defense by dvoa that went 9-7
No you missed my point. You want to escape from the bad stuff in the world. Black people cant "turn off" being black. They can't just watch football and not be victims of institutional racism lol
Only if they have Valkyr though as it appears the traditional necromancy methods only produce mindless undead
this seems apocryphal at best. Like one of those stories that makes you go AHA but then kinda seems really dumb when you think about it.
not so much incompetence as it was determination and clarity of targets by the israelis. First of all the Israelis launched the war at their choosing with pre-emptive strikes and were able to destroy nearly the entirety of the Egyptian airforce while it was on the ground ensuring air superiority. Egypt had by far the most dangerous airforces of the arab nations. By the time the other Arab nations knew what was happening Israel had almost accomplished all of its objectives against egypt. Several times the Israeli ground advance was stalled by Egyptian defenses only to overrun them with the help of aircraft. The Israelis also made extensive use of paratroopers bypassing much of the desert terrain. Second the Israelis had clearly defined targets and basically prosecuted the war at their choosing. Communication between the different Arab powers was slow and beyond some token artillery and air sorties the six day war was essentially an israeli offensive operation. Third miscommunication between the arab nations was immense. Syria and Jordan both were under the impression that Egypt had handily repelled Israel and destroyed its airforce when in actuality they were reeling and had THEIR airforce destroyed. Syria and Jordan essentially believed they were joining a route. After understanding the full situation Syria then attempted to accept a ceasefire only for Israel to continue to attack the Golan Heights where again air superiority proved decisive.
The threat of a superpower joining the war was always imminent. Israel feared soviet involvement and the arab nations feared US involvement. Israel only proceeded with I believe the Golan Heights operation when it was clear that the Soviets weren't going to intervene. Allegedly one of the possible reasons the USS Liberty was attacked was to blame the attack on Egypt and draw the US into the war. Again allegedly a retaliatory strike took off from a US carrier headed to Cairo but was then called off when it was established that Israel had attacked the USS Liberty.
Well like anything some people are naturally good at sex and other peoples need to practice it. I think one thing to point out is everyones body is different, some girls get barely wet, others gush, some girls like anal, some don't It's important to understand what your bodily limitations are and to understand that its okay. Having a good sex life doesn't mean you gotta get fisted or DP'd on the reg. Its what makes sense for you and your partner. Also sadly it is entirely possible to be sexually incompatible and thats okay too, its nothing that's a failing on your part if for example you only want sex once or twice a week and you find someone who wants it every half hour, there are guys out there who are on the same libido level as you. But to answer your question more generally, you will need to practice
Lol oh so shes just lying about it, gotcha
Yea she needs forsaken around to keep her alivw as well. Its kind of the basis of civilization working together keeps us all alive
Can both not be true? It really just seems like you're fishing for reasons to not like her/ "prove" she's evil.
That video has 0 evidence lol
That was one of my favorite parts of skyrim, you could commit as many crimes, murders, and thefts as you wanted as long as nobody saw
Agreed.
Because in WW2 the nazis were almost movie level bad guys. WW1 lacked that. The germans were no better or worse than the british or the French
I mean. .....how is she not a mary sue? If this were an actual ww1 movie the second she took the village the germans would have turned it into a crater with artillery to prepare for a counterattack. The whole point of ww1 is that no matter how hard you tried or how many lives you wasted you could never get anywhere, the second you took a trench; artillery or counterattack threw you out. That was the whole point of steve saying "this whole battalion has been here a year and hasnt gained an inch" the war was bigger than anything one person or even one battalion could hope to accomplish, and really the point of that scene should have been to show wonder woman that you can't always brute force it and that this war truly is unlike anything she knows or can handle. But not only was wonder woman proven right, there was no counter attack,no retaliatory barrage, hell the villagers, who apparently had been hiding in their houses for a year, threw a goddamn party with beer and dancing. Was it a cool action scene? Absolutely Did it show she was a mary sue? Fuck yes
I agree, I felt like captain America did this right by setting up hydra. I would have been fine letting WW go after all the gas makers and ludendorf; but we just HAD to see her murder a bunch of German conscripts literally days before armistice
To show all the ways captain america could have gone wrong or?
Oh really she conquered the entire western front?
This movie trivializes the fuck out of trenches and ww1. The whole point was no matter what you did you couldn't get anywhere. Wonder Woman was like nah just take out the one machine gun and knee down a church and you win.
Im pretty sure dr poison is her "code name"/nickname I thought her actual name was like dr morrow
They're only flaws if they create problems. All of her "flaws" prove her right at every turn
Honestly i feel like better character development would be to punish her impetuosity. Hurray you've taken the town from the germans! Oh shit here's the day long artillery barrage to prepare for the counter attack. I guess my deal is the movie acts like shes "figured out" ww1 and we're all to evil or incompetent or cowardly to deal with it.
Ive yet to find something of equal or greater quality for cheaper. I've found cutters but not of the same quality
&gt;Liberating that town made it a good target to be a demonstration of Maru's gas. Does it? That whole sequence doesn't even make sense as the gas was supposed to be some like new super gas that crushed gas masks which is why it was dangerous. Chucking it at some civvies doesn't show how it is superior in anyway to standard chlorine or mustard gas. &gt;Believing that all she had to do to end the war was to kill Ares led to Steve's death. Did it? The dude 1 could have just dropped the bombs over the ocean, or if he was feeling like a dick, over the germans. Also what other solution would they have had other than I suppose wonder woman piloting it herself but it seems like ares would not have allowed that. &gt;Actually, her blind vehemence that killing Ares was the fix-all and her consequential disregard of everything Steve tried to tell her led to the villagers' deaths, How? Nothing steve would have done in that party would have stopped that cannon from being fired short of killing everyone there, hell wonder womans way clearly would have been better because she probably COULD have killed everyone there &gt;Steve's death, again disputed &gt;Maru's escape Did we even watch the same movie? She made the choice to let her leave to not give into ares &gt; and even leaving her island without ever getting the full story from her mother. Her mom wasn't going to tell her, if she doesn't leave thymscarra then steve doesn't stop ares from dropping the gas on london.
Either its value is that it nullfies gas masks. So why do a "demonstration" on a target that does not show that?
The IRA? Nearly 2000.killed and countless wounded The anti balaka militias in central africa? Nearly 100,000 muslims displaced and countless killed or wounded The NLFT which has killed nesrly 200 hindus in india? The NSCN again from india who has killed 1500 and displaced 100,000 The maronites in lebanon? The LRA of Kony fame? I mean shit even in the US you have the KKK, the guys who blew up.abortion clinica, the dude who did the olympic park bombing? Terrorism is not a uniquely Muslim thing
&gt;Hey yours we're from 2002 so I feel perfectly fine going there. Open state of rebellion since 2002=/=only in 2002 &gt;And any "Christian terrorism" that you can cite is not recent or anywhere near as bad as what is happening every few weeks with Islam. This isn't a pissing contest both religions have terrorist groups ascribed to them &gt;Yeah if you go to some obscure, rural part of the world or central Africa where there are more monkeys than people, maybe you can dig up some village militia that uses a cross or some shit on their logo. Stop with the no true scotsman shit &gt;No christians are bombing and slicing up London and Paris... Tell me have you ever heard of the gunpowder plot?
So if say next weekend London suffers a christian terrorist attack Muslim terrorists don't exist? Does this guy not count as a terrorist because he isn't muslim? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anders_Behring_Breivik
That sounds like a good way to get fired
Nobody ever said that there is not currently more Islamic terrorism in the world, however the OP of this topic and yourself have intimated that there is something specific with the Islamic religion that creates terrorists hence why I countered with the fact that terrorists of other religions including Christianity exist. It's easy to look at Islamic terrorism and go, well duh, its Islam, something is wrong with that religion look at how it makes all these terrorists. It's not as easy to examine the effects of colonialism and imperialism that left these predominately Islamic nations in perpetual poverty and accept our share of the blame for creating these terrorists. Nobody reads a Koran and goes, ahh yes my favorite verse, how to make a suicide bomb. Apply prolonged socioeconomic pressure to any area and you will create terrorists of any race, creed, or religion.
Pray tell what is a "jihadist way of life under islamic scripture" Because that shit doesn't exist anymore than a "holy warrior way of life under christian scripture" exists
This is how this happens. 1. Higher up at company needs better candidates 2. Higher up decides requiring a college degree will produce a higher quality candidate 3. Middle Manager at company reads memo saying all employees must have college degree and comes at this guys friend
Wonder Womans WW1 plots are....very basic You have yourself a trench and then there's a machine gun, some gas at one point. But it lacks any depth or reality. It's literally your bullet points from freshman history. -Trenches -Gas -Machine Guns
What did it for you? Was it the point where wonder woman trivialized the entirety of the war by taking out a single machine gun and liberating an entire village that wasn't immediately shelled into oblivion?
Lol theres a difference between tigers and dogs dude
Yea the story missed the part where the guy who got mauled was sticking his finger up its butt /s
ASU will actually do both depending on how you structure your classes. But the norm is indeed semester
......yea thats why the rule allows it if you've graduated.
Meh he wasn't switching to receiver for us, you don't go from starting QB to receiver without getting cut a few times (or 4)
I'm dumb
wtf does blood on the saddle mean?
So the only difference in the pats tagging him and not tagging him is that they cant tag him in 19 yea they arent doing that
Which rule is that then? Because I've seen it stated unless they have graduated numerous times and have not seen a single time where they've graduated and can't participate.
Which rule is that then? Because I've seen it stated unless they have graduated numerous times and have not seen a single time where they've graduated and can't participate.
And the christian religion has existed for 2000 years, and the islamic religion has existed for 1300 years. When discussing theology its impossible to not go back a couple hundred years
Even the way ops phrasing it sounds like a "well I quit then" as he "initiated " the end of employment. Using magic words like " lay me off" doesn't change anything.
did it? Lost I saw she was on the verge of losing her lawsuit
taunt smash or blades could be better depending on comp, nothing happens in this game in a vacuum. I'd rather have smash and race car varian against a hyper mobile squish comp so I can pop people quickly and keep up with them.
I mean, I can't recall many analogues among the other heroes in this game or even league of legends
don't matter on a straight track :p It all about the circumstances
Idk man all I saw in this story was "I weaned him off his anti-psychotic medicine" "He then started acting psychotic"
Ive not argued that at all, taunt varian has a lack of mobility that smash varian has. They're different builds for different situations and different team comps. Whatevers optimum depends on those circumstances Im having a feeling like you dont like the phrase in a vacuum because you keep trying to argue this.....in a vacuum
And then when those things that you hear and see that arent real start to threaten you so you pick up a knife to defend yourself........
There is a weird hypocrisy people have regarding the internet and privacy. Theirs must be jealously guarded, but everyone else's is fair game and that's disappointing
Oh Jesus how could you think that jfc lol
Yea if I lose a "dinner" to someone I'm expecting to pay for like an entree and a soft drink or like 1 or 2 beers. Not appetizer, entree, desert, beer, wine, shots and a date
Ur friend makes 200k a year as an hvac installer?
This senator is basically asking Comey why he didn't teach Trump how to be president
Why did you make memos about your meetings? "......the nature of the person I was dealing with....."
That's a nice fbi director job you got there, it'd be a shame if......something happened to it
You honestly see nothing wrong with that? That the president was interested in stopping an investigation into his close associate and his ties to the country that just interfered with our election?
chances are Comey is being 100% accurate
"Mr. Comey why didn't you tell the president that him trying to demand your loyalty and stop a criminal investigation was inappropriate?"
That would be the only reason to withhold them
yes he could, but that would be up to the special prosecutor
Republicans: "FBI director Comey, why didn't you tell the sitting president of the united states to fuck off?"
Okay so she was cleared of any wrongdoing
Actually yes it literally does make you more dangerous. If I don't have a gun there is literally no chance that I will be discharging a weapon. If you have a gun there is always a chance, right, wrong, or accidentally that the gun will discharge. Especially if as you say "you forget about it"
Wouldn't just not carrying tons of valuables be a better idea?
yea no
As far as we know, she's not, it is however a potential that she could be part of this investigation.
Yea which is what McCain was attempting to sound smart in saying, that somehow the FBI had given her extraneous pre-emption from that investigation because of their closure of the email investigation which obviously makes no sense
Lol I don't know why you are getting all sorts of defensive, I'm not uncomfortable with guns at all but its just asinine to assert that a situation is not *more* dangerous when a gun is there than when it's not. IE if there is no gun here, I absolutely positively cannot be shot. If there is a gun here, that possibility is now on the table.
May be the homer in me talking, but the talent is there on defense, it just needs to get put together.
I mean, I think this is an unprecedented situation but iirc this happens pretty frequently, Adrian Peterson did this iirc and it basically told him he needed to drop that number to get a job.
They ended their Al Jazeera america operations, which was a shame because it was good to have another lens to view news through. I remember watching a documentary about it and people kept thinking they WERE Al-Qaeda
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1958_Tybee_Island_mid-air_collision
what photos?
Just discovered these leaks Still down, hell being down intensifies
Because Journos are poor and 50k is likely more than he makes in a year. So instead of a protracted legal battle that he may not be able to afford he gets a quick payday
I think its more interesting that before he was an executive at paramount he was a VP of operations at a department store. I guess he didn't need 10 years experience in a related field?
It does make them rude AF though yes?
I have the helm, but if I put it on I break my 4 set. So I use the boots and belt :(
bugs the fuck out of me that they spell seamus sheamus
Only problem with starting with wrestlemania is that you miss alot of context or why certain things are "important"
Iirc the women could so choose to compete in the "mens" division. Different classes and equipment and all. The physical differences simply prevent it
Tbqh they need to make it easier to get into wrestling, the storylines should be clearly trackable and they need to highlight where people can go. Its a monumental task right now to get into wrestling and it really feels like starting a tv show 4 seasons (or 30 or so years as it were) in. Wrestling is still viewed as that "fake" thing. Gotta let people know that it doesn't matter.
Anybody that was "freed" from Arthas during that first tremor became forsaken. There are no other post arthas undead races or factions Perhaps and individual here or there but no groups
Didn't we see that last year?
I mean to be fair 'Lots of guys who are very good' could describe our defense last year as well
Ur right, you know wilson better than the seahawks
U can pay taxes without a ssn, irs dont give a fuck they aint giving back money they dont have to
lol the butthurt is real "you clearly don't follow seattle" XD
Nah dude thats bullshit. You either vote or you dont. We can't just change how elections work because the result we didnt like came out. Donald Trump lost the popular vote; by the WILL OF THE PEOPLE he shouldn't be president. But he won the mechanism.we use to determine our votes therefore he is president. Its a double standard to treat the two differently.
....that the feds incentivized and caused
They aren't a country theyre a us territory
Also dont forget that the movement trays dont exist as far as the game is concerned so if you need a weird shape you can arrange it on a movement tray if it makes sense. This goes double for measuring and whatnot. Just because they hit the empty back of your movement tray doesnt mean they hit your models
I mean, this is the obvious one but Donald Trump getting elected. This was the man who was a reality show star, a notorious cheat in his business dealings, the guy who killed the USFL to try and get himself an NFL franchise, a man who took a stone cold stunner at wrestlemania, a man who admitted that fame and money let him grab women by the pussy, someone who led the birth certificate charge for years with no results. And he just became president with no concrete plans to improve america, his keystone platform was building a wall everyone knew he couldn't build, his campaign had no substance other than "lulz liberals" and "make america great again"
This is how it is in the US, these people just homeschool
I think the bigger issue is that there is no ingame list or way to determine all these interactions. Like there should be a screen that says exactly what hack will and wont do for every character.
Can you release a draft thats blank sheet of paper?
No they weren't they were a spanish colony before the US annexed it in 1898.
Yes? Armed hunters are still eaten and killed by these predators
Because its possible he's wrong; or he's got the wrong guy. Plus in a way it's using the police to do ur dirty work and get the upper hand in a civil dispute. If someone started texting me "give me 500 bucks or im going to the police" depending on where my lifes at or my record i may be inclined to give in even if hes wrong
Lol
Uhhhh how does any of this respond to my comment?
Huh? I preordered so had them all afaik
Dump her ass over txt next time
.......im pretty sure media relations IS their job. Like they get fined if they don't do it
This is the answer. Familiarity destroys proper fear. The things I've seen people do with forklifts is.....scary
How the hell.do pro softball teams.make. money if they only play infront of.more than 100 people eight times a year?
I mean......shouldn't it be?
Hurr durr stadiums need to be good investments hurr durr
&gt;That's not what I said, and you know that. Oh? &gt; I think he wanted Pot Roast to focus on his own job instead of trying to evaluate what other guys are doing. Hmmm &gt;And if you don't follow the team regularly, you're not really going to understand the significance of some of these things. This sentiment pops up on this sub alot whenever people gotta defend their homer bullshit "oh you just don't follow the team", uhuh, yea man &gt;So it's not about judging if a guy is focused or not from a sound clip But that's what you did &gt;It's a general way of life for all players as part of the team's culture. Still don't see how pot roast isn't doing his job by saying a teammate is looking good &gt;It applies to Brady, it applies to Pot Roast. Two different situations entirely, a prolonged mentoring bordering on quarterback controversy vs praising a fellow player for a good practice.
Last I heard they were walking that back to feature wahoo more prominently again. I could be wrong though
Ehh I'm sick of the premise that these stadiums need to be profitable direct investments for cities. Major league sports teams put places on the map, they give a sense of community and civic pride. These cities arent "stupid" or getting bamboozled they just are fine spending the money anyway. Nobody expects a park to make a return on its investment idk why people expect sports stadiums to do so
This is just middle manager meddling
Im pretty sure this was posted already with these exact same comments
Except that makes way more sense than this
Id be surprised if its illegal in any state lol this is a pretty standard business practice.
Lol youve never been to a concert at a stadium? Or high school playoffs? Or a big rivalry game? Or a wrestling match? Or a monster truck rally? Or disney on ice? Or a motocross event? Stadiums are for the public good. Just because you can't waltz right in doesnt make it not for the public good Shit or are all those other unaffiliated organizations in bed with the greedy owners?
Ehh disney from what ive seen is mostly 20s and 30s
Im sure theyll trot out another Halo redux
Im sure theyll trot out another Halo redux
Nah i don't disagree that everyones horny, just that its horny adults
When I was 16 I got pulled over, had no idea why but it was late at night and I had just left a friends house. Cop comes up and basically says he suspects me of a dui He has me do the eye test and answer some other random questions Then he asks "have you been drinking tonight?" "No sir" (this was the truth) "Have you ever drank before?" "No sir" (i hadnt) "Never?" Now my thought process was "hes fishing for a lie to catch me in" so i better not lie period because he had played with my words a bit before "Where are you coming from?" "Friends house" "Where are you going?" "Home" "Whyd you make that uturn?" "Im not familiar with this area and I missed my turn" "I thought you said your friend lives here, must not be a good friend" So determined to not let something like that happen again my response to his "Never?" Question Was "Well ive drank wine in church sir" He let me go
You keep focusing on pure team useage and im focusing on team useage+all other events. You think U2 is setting up a massive concert there for free?
Op is a saint What are the odds he gets screwed anyway
&gt;You refuse to believe that stadiums do not benefit those other than the owners. There is no point to continuing the conversation Your own linked article says this as a given why are u ignoring the sourcing you linked? &gt;I'd rather have a working subway and train system than a new stadium. This is coming from a season ticket holders to the Mets. That would be built by billionaire construction company &gt;I don't think you understand how bidding works for governments. Most contractors are not billionaires. Many contracts are given to small businesses and women run organizations. Billionaires cant be women? Nor can they also have small businesses in their portfolio? &gt;Parks are generally built on public land. Generally but almost never in a densely populated area &gt;Airlines are not a single individual. They are public entities (stock). You think Richard Branson didnt make bank off virgin airlines? &gt;The Wilpon's, who own the Mets, are a private company. They also have a payroll many times larger than any other small business. But what about say Mark Davis? A man whose entire net worth and equity is the oakland raiders. It's also estimated to be 500 million. Is he exempt from your billionaire hate? Also are we talking networth or liquid worth? What is the cutoff? When does an owner become "too rich" for their companies to benefit from government programs?
1000% agree
To stop her from talking back is a gross understatement of mental illness
Shell Shock was originally thought to be some sort physical side effect of the "new" artillery shells. Specifically some sort of lesion on the brain from shell Shockwaves. So I don't really think that qualifies as some male renaming of hysteria
XD I like you
My friend is already politicizing this for republicans. It was actually pretty gross
Probably remove the armor from the aoe ult.
Has anyone else also been not getting credit for people that die during the ult but before the damage hits? I believe the tooltip says if they die from the ult or while under the effect of the ult you get credit but I was only getting credit if I got the killing blow credit.
Most heroes have a few different viable builds depending on your team and the enemies. Dont just blindly follow build guides. For example the varian on my team who didn't take shattering throw against an artanis and a johanna.
I think malth will tone done varians overall viability.
I mean, im pretty sure it needs to have protected cores for the core map concept to work
Pay attention the Odyn stuff as that may be relevant later
Custom anything. I can't sell 100k of anything so your one item has to absorp ALL of the overhead costs as well as generate a profit
What do you mean you aren't paid overtime? Like you go home after 8 hours/40 hours? Cuz in CA paying OT isnt optional lol
Yea.thats not.okay. id find a new job and file a wage claim.
So we can listen to real estate "billionaires" but not celebrities?
It is when you have to do it multiple times amid allegations of strong arming small vendors with legal threats. Also when you make something called Trump university that youre currently being sued over...... Like lets calm down with the "wildy successful "
Dont buy off ebay next time
Lol this sub always reminds me of fast times at ridgemont high when discussing time duration.
ITT: but they have enough money!
It doesn't sound like the employer controlled the how as they mentioned they had their own cleaning products and vehicles. This might actually be the rare time . these people were contractors As for the when/where thats a bit of a farce considering this was a cleaning business
Okay I'll bite, what good is he doing at his job that is being stopped by these protests or the mainstream media? How do you feel about Comeys firing and his subsequent testimony that Russia absolutely interfered with out election?
I Saw The Devil Alot of nuance hidden in that movie beneath a fairly straightforward plot. Not speaking korean also doesn't help Also I know it said movies but the TV Danger 5 needs to be watched more than once
You didnt answer my first question Or the second question either You drew a speculetive conclusion tangentially related to what I wrote. What do you feel that trump has succeeded at that the MSM has buried What do you feel about Comey saying that Russia absolutely interfered with our most recent election
&gt;There's no point in bringing up his accomplishments because there's always going to be some leftist talking point to deny it. There are plenty of partisan talking points with Bush and Obama but I can bring up plenty of their accomplishments. If you cannot bring up any with Trump its because he hasn't accomplished anything &gt;I think people who are looking at things objectively can see what's going on I would say given his mid 30% approval rating most people feel that Trump has been a failure thus far &gt;Wanting to have good relations with Russia is a good thing Yes good relations are good, being their puppet is not &gt;Not joining the Paris climate agreement was a good thing On what basis? This decision has been roundly criticized by business leaders,environmentalists and the scientific community. &gt;Lowering unemployment was a good thing. What did Donald Trump do to lower unemployment? What legislation was passed to lower unemployment? &gt;. Anyway I'm not here to debate You've made a series of claims with no support. &gt;I'm just saying the MS media will never paint him in a good light purely because they don't like him and it's obvious. I dont think the MSM needs any help painting him in any kind of light. He does it to himself with his tweets and interviews. He has his entire administration say Comey was fired based on Justice department recommendations and then goes on to say on tv that he fired him "because of the russia thing" there is no spin there. Those are his own words &gt;To say it's because he does nothing good is intellectually dishonest. Well what good things has he done then? &gt;We all know the MS media reports with emotions when it comes to Trump. Assuming this is true, are they wrong? What about trump are they wrong about? He's shown himself to be woefully unprepared to be president by barely understanding how our government works. He pushed one bill through the house then told the senate to dismantle it. He had to ask merkel repeatedly how the EU works. He tried to ask for the director of the FBI's loyalty, then asked him to drop an open investigation. Then he fired that director when he didn't. He has yet to appoint hundreds of government positions. His cabinet is woefully inept. Like this man has so far objectively been a disaster of a president
All of reddit on T__D if trump goes down for this https://youtu.be/aZHvd0ks7Es
There needs to be a 21st century union. The worker protections that unions originally formed to provide have now been subsumed by law. Too many people conflate "i don't like our current unions and how they operate" with "I dont like unions". I can say from an entertainment industry standpoint unions and management are two sides of the same coin. However in a reformed way the union system could be much much better for everyone. For example my union forced a strict anti nepotism clause on my employer in our last contract. Fair right? My last call I was the only one who wasnt friends or family of the steward.
Blizzard already does him a solid by allowing him to stream hearthstone
No company, no matter how big is going to pay people to watch fucking twitch streams religiously just to see if a bug happens.
This happens in wow all the time and the reaction is always the same. If you knowingly use an exploit you get a suspension/ban. Iirc this happened with the world boss bug earlier in legion.
Which it looks like they do already so whats the beef?
I believe his ex wife could have this happen I find it hard to believe the lawyer would have these issues as well.
I hear stories about this stuff all the time, but wouldn't this be pretty easy to figure out? Like all the socks from this concentration camp suck or all the guns from this factory jam or all the shells from this place are duds.
Disabling a card could potentially invalidate an innumerable decks.
Lol find me a bug free game of hearthstones size
but if disguised toast didn't publicize it would anything but an extremely small portion of the community know about it? I guess we're kind of getting to the essence of the question "If nobody knows the bug exists, is it a priority to fix?"
But if very very very few people knew the bug existed before Toast, how big of a deal is it to fix it? If this bug affected less games than say latency problems should a dev have to be at work for 14 hour days away from their family until they fix it? Or can it be handled steadily over the course of normal work hours?
The reason why the NFL is focussing on concussions is to make everyone not realize their simply is no defense for cte.
So why did thr british have machine guns in ww1 then?
Depends on your app. You can either add them to your spam list, or if its gmail block them as a contact.
But it couldn't have created tension about the bombing run because they hadn't yet introduced the bombing run as a thing
There were no flaws though. Her impetuous taking of the town had 0 consequences. Her attempting to kill the general at the galla had 0 consequences. Her actually killing the general at the airfield had 0 consequences. There was no character growth. Wonder Woman was always right Wonder Woman never had a challenge. Even her end boss she just wrekt by trying harder. At what point did Wonder Womans actions make things *worse* than they already were?
&gt;George has been vocally unhappy for a bit about the direction the sequels have been going in and even Mark has been grumbling here and there. Yea that's why letting him have creative control would be an example of a bad idea the new star wars movies by and large have been praised, and while some might not put them above the originals they certainly better than the prequels. &gt;Marvel treats it's creators like shit and keeps them out of sight, unlike DC where everyone who was in the comics got to bring their kids to the Wonder Woman premiere. Which again doesn't exactly help your case. DC's only hit thus far has been wonder woman. Everything else have been from meh to disastrous. &gt;Disney being completley shitty to it's people isn't new. Wizards of the Coast worshipped Disney until they did business with them in the 90's and that imploded. There are dozens of stories like that all around. Disney is one of the largest media empires in the world, and it isn't going to stay there by being "nice" to people. But irrespective of that being "nice" to people doesn't make good movies.
Yes and no. I mean one terrorist attack is too many; but london is a huge city with millions of people its not uncommon for there to be murders. For example New York which is the same size as London (8.5 million) typically sees 3 times as many murders. So I guess you gotta ask yourself if it makes a difference that these people were killed via "terrorism" as opposed to all the other reasons humans kill each other.
1. Lynch is MJD2.0 and we have to roll with the pocket rockets all year (which means no power running) 2. Our defense is still shit 3. We lose all the close games we won last year 4. Conley goes away for rape 5. Cooper still cant put it together for a full season 6. We still have no ILBs 7. We have nobody on the Dline aside from Mack
Because he breaks football rules. He has 0 history of serious off the field issues. Also his hit on AB wasn't preventable. But because its Burfict clearly he decided in less than .25 seconds going full spees that he was going to draw a personal foul for th3 lulz
It wasnt a cheapshot there was 0 way burfict could have pulled up
IIRC there are sample and practice tests available for the placement exam either through ALEKS or pdfs from the placement exam webpage If you've never used ALEKS id get familiar with it because it has some quirks.
I'm sure this would be the reasoning to keeping them around; that some new demon lord has a sizeable army, but unlike the scourge which would be truly feral the demons would likely have much greater infighting. With full on demon vs demon wars. So closer to what happened with the fire elementals than with the scourge. But i mean either way the excuse that there must always be a lich king is paper thin and was basically tossed in during the ICC ending cinematic as a reason to have another lich king expansion/explain why there werent WAY more forsaken.
Surprised that Crab didn't make it
Just want to toss as a direct comment that her parents cannot "press charges" nor can they "drop charges". What will happen is that if they file a police report, the police will gather evidence and present it to the District Attorney's office. Based on that evidence the District Attorney may or may not decide it is in the states interest to bring a criminal case against you. Her parents do not have a say once they begin this legal process. So tell your parents,get a lawyer, and cease any and all contact whether electronic, phone or verbal without your parents and lawyer present. Don't give in to.hooey like "settle this like a man" or "do the right thing" or "lets cut through the red tape" This girls parents are threatening you to take a course of action that will forever change your life. You need your parents and a legal professional to ensure that whatever happens it is all legal and above board. Also don't be surprised if they start shaming your or posting about you on social media and whatnot when you get a lawyer. Don't respond, dont "plead your case" let your lawyer do his job
&gt;But, this represented a decisive win in the popular vote. Yes people&gt;land. Land doesn't vote. &gt;tiny amounts of blue would always elect the president Thats how democracy works; the majority rules. &gt;Policy debates and policy itself would be tailored to those geographically tiny portions of the country. Why do you act like focusing on the majority of the country is a bad thing? &gt;The electoral college was created to prevent the large population centers from completely riding roughshod over the rest of the country, No, no it wasn't. It was created to prevent a popular demagogue from rising to power who would damage the country. The e.c. doesnt even have a populace/land mechanic built in for the purpose you claim it was created for &gt;and it's actually done that very well No it hasnt? &gt;King FDR and Prince Truman, Are you legitimately calling one of the most popular presidents of all time and the man who guided us through the depression and ww2 a king? &gt;The only thing worse than a two party system is a one party system, and it's because of the electoral college that we don't have that. Then how is it that the republican party remains relevant on the state level IF as you say the e.c. is the only thing keeping them relevant?
I'll never understand why the primaris marines had to be this separate thing instead of just a new armor mark. Like that still would have sold kits as normal marines with new armor, but having them be like extra special space marines seems dumb.
One question I have though is in America cross walks shut down opposing traffic. Wouldn't the driver have had to make an illegal left turn to hit OP at all? Unless OP was illegally crossing in 2 different ways lol.
Lol people dislike this map?
What are you even talking about? Every map you'll get banged if you dont pick heroes that respect the map mechanics.
Actually as a former gw shop manager they actually attempt to weed out fanboys. Infact I think the quote from my interviewer was "knowing the games helps but we can't have people that love it so much they forget to sell it" However this may be because the wargaming community is infamous for being hyper toxic and they wont want one of their shop managers telling people to buy things on ebay or to use reaper paints or whatever
The apartment leaser who owns a home. There's a lady who works at my apartment who spends all of her tours talking about her house instead of the apartment building. She took me and my wife on our tour of the actual unit and had she given us our initial tour of the models we wouldn't have moved there. I see her occasionally giving other tours and her house ALWAYS comes up
Id echo sisters of battle being the least popular, mind you its mostly because of the fact that the models are/were hard AF to get. But other than that. The definition of an army has strayed abit as 7th brought any "sub armies" like deathwatch, harlequins, adeptus mechanicus, and others. Honestly I'd look at your local meta because army popularity varies. Where I first started playing everyone and their mother had a necron army. Where I moved to nobody has necrons. Id say the Xenos armies aside from Eldar tend to be the least played. As well as guard
I'm legitimately proud of this sub
Anecdotally but my work at one point switched from an active lunch system to a passive lunch system where it was assumed we took our lunch at the designated time and had to correct it if we didn't. Of course most people didn't correct it because laziness or because they'd get written up for not taking a lunch. This could be what OP's work is doing.
Yes but didn't mr. World say in the episode whre they met that shadows mom had 86 sexual partners in her life? Feel like bilquis would have more
Ehhh AoT started off interesting to me, then it got dumb. So I'd say I have a problem with how the plot developed more than "filler" though both shows suffer from extended flashback episodes to explain in great detail what could have been contained in one or 2 lines
You can't have an anthology series with a strong overall "mystery" narrative running through it. They set up questions in episode 1 that have been driving the plot. Like who is shadow and why does he matter?
Yea they sound like 14-15 year olds lol but who knows
Could yes,but the vast majority end at about the 20 minute mark
Not commenting on op himself as every situation is different. But Some people are just predisposed towards that type of behavior whether learning from their parents or grandparents or just because thats the way they are Some people think that's what a relationship is and its just normal Sometimes you cant see the forest through the trees And Sometimes she was the first girl who ever showed interest in you then you have 4 kids and she technically "worked " a minimum wage job while ur parents put you through college and shes been a stay at home mom ever since and thus would likely keep the kids and be entitled to approxinately all of the child support. So it doesnt matter how often she cheats or how terrible of a person she is you either suck it up or risk losing your kids to that she devil.
I had a friend whose wife got tossed in jail for assaulting her boyfriend. When he talked to divorce lawyers they said shed get the kids and hed pay shit tons in alimony. So be care, it aint that easy.
Is this going to set the atmosphere on fire?
Marshawn Lynch, running through their face
Thats in the policy too
Ehhh I figured he meant like physical move, not their taunt/celebration Like Tillmans peanut punch as opposed to rodgers discount doublecheck
Because its ascientific crap. http://www.newsweek.com/priests-commit-no-more-abuse-other-males-70625 https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/andrewbrown/2010/mar/11/catholic-abuse-priests If you dont want to read the links The argument rests on 2 things. 1. The rate of abuse in the church is not higher than the rate for the general population 2. Insurance companies do not charge catholic churches more for sex abuse insurance than any other church because they haven't found that it occrs in catholics any higher than any other church
But they do house alot of them; hell the entire country of ireland made the church their official orphanage providers. The church also runs various housing programs in all of its diocese. I guess I'm just saying that for every person the church has hurt theyve also helped someone else who was in need.
You don't think the church does charity work?
The economist and politifact have estimated that the church spends avout 170 billion on charity in the US alone a year. Unless this is the part where you tell me that I must scientifically quantify every person the church has ever hurt and then scientifically quantify every person the church has ever helped
I've been to a few taco bells that had this, they still have to operate the drive thru, as well as do the cooking/cleaning The idea that all fast food jobs are gonna go away is an exaggeration
Lol when a newspaper has stricter ethics than the Whitehouse
1. No community is as toxic as league. Period. Do other communities have bad actors? Absolutely. Are they as bad as league? No 2. League is a game with an average of 45 minutes where a single slip throws away those 45 minutes. Ive had more games than I can count where I was begging for.20 minutes so I could surrender. 3. You can't carry stupid; the frustrating ranking system reinforces this 4. LoL has one map that is barely balanced for half its roster. HotS for example has a dozen distinct and different maps that let different heroes shine and prompt a greater depth of understanding and strategy 5. The same characters are played in LoL cuz they are head and shoulders above the rest. Even the "bad" characters in HotS can shine with the right map/comp 6. Yea i cant disagree that lol is an esport thats a weird tactic to take
So if the rate of abuse within the catholic church is no higher than the general population or that of other churches. Why are you so certain not being married turns them to pedophilia? Are you arguing that the church would be dramatically lower than the normal population if they married? Also I'm not apologizing for anything. The church coverup and shuffling of accused priests is sickening. However thats not what you said. You said that the Catholic church has a problem because they don't marry. And finally as for not believing insurance companies, they are the ones who asses the risks of things as their money is on the line. If they have found that they get no more claims from catholic churches than non catholic churches there is nothing unique about catholic doctrine that causes pedophiles or attracts them at a higher rate than other churches or even schools.
At a place I used to work it was the C's (ceo, coo, cio, etc) then directors, then middle managers, then line employees. Director of logisitics Director of warehouse management
Ok so why then do Protestant Clergy and Jewish Rabbis get caught diddling kids at the same rate of the Catholic Church? BTW don't forget that this data is for *allegations* not convictions. Or are you insinuating that the catholic church is just so good at silencing victims that they're bringing their rate down to the general population/other church rate. I mean hell there's a church of england headline on the front page of reddit admitting that they were covering up pedophiles. Also lol at the idea that you think insurers are like "Well the catholic church touches WAY more kids than other churches; but they're just so dang good at covering it up its a wash!"
Yea that's how people with mental health issues work. No matter what happens eventually they fuck it up or have an episode. That being said idk if I blame this jets thing solely on him. That place is a fucking dumpster fire and it sounds like there was an offense vs defense split with both sides blaming each other
Carr signed for a lesser % of cap than rodgers. Essentially if you factor in cap inflation rodgers was/is paid more
Ok and with the run blocking?
What does a dominant run game have to do with passing? Are you this dense? I didn't say it was poor but what I'm saying is it was a good line, last year it became a great line and next year I hope it's the best in the league. But everyones gotta calm down with the hot takes of acting like the raiders have the best roster in the league and Carr is getting carried, which the last 2 games of last season showed it was the other way around
As a tall person i feel like i must defend the model x. Its probably the most comfortable car of that size I've ever ridden in. As for the falcon doors again being tall it let's me stand and walk out instead of hunching over.
It matters though because its attempting to find an actual valuation. For example you wouldn't say Joe Namath is worth less than blaine gabbert despite gabbert making more money. Again Carrs actual number is derived mostly because he happens to be due a contract right after the salary cap increases. Again Rodgers was more highly "valued" because he commanded a greater % of green bays cap than carr commands of oaklands cap
Well why should another company profit of their IP?
This post is very contradictory.
Yes if something that never happens were to happen yes that would make sense. Especially if they are recording this for a movie a rogue line unmuted could ruin a recording.
But you never leave a "dead" mic unmuted on the board and you also never regulate whether or mic is dead or live by turning it on or off at the mic. Hell the mics we use we disable their onboard off/on switch because we don't want other people affecting the mix or introducing sound and noise that shouldn't be there.
I think people are waiting to see if Clowney is the same guy if Watt's back. I know a lot of players seem to feel that whoever is in that texans "designated pass rusher" spot is guaranteed to get stats.
Sums up all owners pretty well
You talk to a lot of players?
his kids earned those awards, he took them away, he stole from his kids.
Its almost like the middle east is a complex region that can't be defined by their stance on a specific terrorist group
Lol what the fuck does that have to do with anything.
I'd say the 2015 broncos. Both the steelers and pats had serious injury concerns
Honestly I blame the NFLs suspension/reinstatement rules. Now before everyone goes baw baw baw he did it to himself. Smith is technically fired from the NFL right now; hence why he needs reinstatement. At no other job can you be fired from the company and then still have that company dictate what you do in your off the clock time or who you talk to or who you work out with. Furthermore banning players from team interaction removes a valuable support system for a lot of players. If Smith can't be with people focused on football, how the fuck is he supposed to focus on football? Finally this model of "we can do whatever we want in regards to your reinstatement and dont have to tell you shit or give a deadline or really do anything" is insanity. So yes Smith made decisions that are going to prematurely end his career, but the NFL aint exactly helping him stop making those decisions.
Im so ready for Brady to retire so I never have to hear about "the Patriot way " again
Yes your entire defense believes that
Cuz Lions
Have not determined there is=/= have determined there is not. Basically its dont ask dont tell
Not a big enough sample size yet; but lightning striking twice for the pats would make me a sad man. Not only would they have found a tb12-esque talent to replace Brady. But they'll have found him at the exact right time. That being said I'll take the field and assume jimmy g wont be as good as tb12
They're purchasing services for a company TB12 owns. And nobody wants to elaborate about how this ISNT a salary cap violation. I suppose if the raiders had bought a million dollars worth of marshawn lynchs beast mode gear it wouldn't count either huh?
&gt;Nearly the entire offense came out and said none of it was true Given that the article talked of an offense vs defense split this is unsurprising &gt;and most of our starting defense did the same See above with sherm &gt;Maybe a few 3rd strings wanted the attention maybe? I don't know. Article specifically mentions defensive leaders &gt;The simple fact is that why would these "players" wait three years to complain about this? Because things build over three years? Another major point in the article is it wasn't bad when it was super bowls and nfccg's but the more they lose the more frustrated players get.
I think the injury just derailed his career. He's been stuck at the 3 spot since he came into the league then got tossed into the dumpster fire that was chicago last year. His first few starts were pretty good but that multi INT sealed his fate as a backup I think. I say this as someone who played with him in HS and watched him play at USC as an ASU student. The dude was monster until that shoulder injury. I think if he was drafted to be a starter he'd be a starter right now.
And here I was hoping he would say being friends with me :(
Because I thought beastmode would bust but now I'm like super excited that he wont bust
Well this is tragic, this girl had so much to live for.....
Damn; I think its funny that she took the nudes though. Like hey I'm gonna scam this fool; but fuckit I want him to have nudes anyway. Makes me think that maybe someone else made the transfer? Also I'm not familiar with Venmo but I know paypal has a rather vigorous illegitimate transfer protections I'm surprised he hasn't called them and he's jumping straight to police
Yea the trailer made it seem like it was about something else entirely.
Yea that'd suck knowing your actions caused all of those deaths
Aside from your rampant speculation the reason given in the quest is to reactivate the plague spreaders because it doesnt bother the forsaken but it makes it uninhabitable for the alliance invaders. If the forsaken wanted it plagued constantly why did they have the spreaders disabled till the alliance invaded?
THATS why so many dudes into butt stuff use poppers. It all makes sense now.
Well its just that his reveal of he and varimathras' treachery doesnt really have a good end game from his perspective. So cool you killed some military forces from each faction it wasn't a decisive blow and, now everyone knows you're a traitor and are enroute to kick your ass. It would have made more sense if he tried it at like faction peace talks where he was trying to take out sylv and the other leaders.
I thought they regrew the world tree inbetween wc3 and vanilla and were immortal again
Which part exactly is this? Because the factions were at open war in cata
Trumps travel ban has harmed legal immigrants though specifically translators who worked with our military. Furthermore I know this is a largely uninformed rant but you also don't need to learn english to legally immigrate either.
Start an NFL level esports league for heroes of the storm.
I have this "discussion" with my wife all the time "Why are men such creepers? If she doesn't respond go away" "Its because rejection sucks" "Why do they get so mad though" "Because its probably like the 20th time they've been ghosted this week" "Still they should know" PSA: I'm not saying the psychos who harras girls are justified, I'm just saying that its a result of the male expection of initiation
I moved out with my now wife when her parents lost their house. Had they not done that id still be at my parents house saving for a house/paying off student loans
I mean I love a good anti trump circle jerk but dressing rooms for shows like this are all business. Chances are theres also male and female caterers, PAs, grips, cameramen, lighting techs, video techs, and other crewmen back there as well.
People are also taller and more well fed in general. Average height was 2 inches shorter in 1960.
Ok? I also dont wait for an alliance mage to fire a frostbolt at me in WSG either
That literally doesn't explain anything. WHY were they forced to play normal basketball?
The feds aren't going to sting a bakery like landlords for a variety of reasons. Real Estate is inherently more valuable and limited Real Estate is a heavily legislated realm Bakeries are a dime a dozen Incompetence is just as much a factor as competence.
Remember when you almost got your boyfriend kicked out of school and a gun pulled on you because you refused to believe that the obvious psychopath was a psychopath?
Are the teams they play not "in on it" because it sounds like they'd lose way more often if the other team played "for real" the whole time
What is the origin of the heee-heee?
I find it hard to believe thats true. If they play "straight" this would happen way more often.
Did you literally correct me to say "They weren't given the task of conquering and running India" "Conquest started in the mid 18th century"
A udfa made a one handed catch and carr likely jokingly said no one handed catches until you make the pro bowl
Lol you said the exact same thing I did. I chose to phrase it in a different way because explaining the entire history of the East India company would take much longer than I have to explain. However my post is true the east India company WAS essentially given the task of running India and conquering the uncontrolled territory. Apparently you took my post to mean that the company was formed for the express purpose of conquest?
I didn't even mention SA lol
Isn't this the video made by the guy who did the ACORN videos?
Thats because slam is a great statpad ability. Walk up to enemy team, slam, tickle them all for 250 damage. But stat pad 1250 everytime you do it.
Didn't he author the most explosive beara offense in like a decade?
The NFL streaming is a shit show. The best way I've figured out to do it is ape on my parents directv to pay for sunday ticket and use directvs sunday ticket app. Which is actually pretty good However you dont get thursday or monday night games, and you dont get your "local" team as those are typically broadcast for free over the air on local channels. Which was a problem for me until I bought an antenna
I wouldn't say QM. But getting out drafted is simply part of soloque. Or if say you first or second pick zuljin and your opponents overcompensate with blinds/tazdingo stoppers going AP is a good way to maintain value. InB4 we play the vacuum game where clearly you can predict all your opponents picks and should just get liming.
Well given that.monstrosity is the "flame aba even harder" ult This may be fine
I think people are looking at this list the wrong way. Its designed to generate controversy to get views and ratings. Shit our sub cant stop talking about it, I bet they fuck with the results just to see how much they can tilt people.
Clearly this writer doesn't follow the seahawks -every seahawks flair on this sub
Nah people are dicks
Opposite problem, they divorced when he was like 8 and they played the "I dont want custody" game
The 25k was from working like a deadliest catch factory ship
Its not a consistent bug. It happens intermittently
&gt;As far as I know, there's not a very high risk of disease https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoophilia_and_health Cmon now &gt;As for hurting yourself, many animals actually enjoy the act and are very eager, so unless you're an idiot, that probably won't happen Animals are strong unpredictable creatures when they're in heat. Having a horse or even a goat attempt to mount you could easily create severe injuries &gt;And it's up for debate as to whether is a mentally unhealthy behavior. If those people really had such deep issues with it, they wouldn't do it. Really? "If it was bad people wouldn't do it"?
Yea just like that silly amazon company
Lord Reggie knows how fucking annoying it is to play against a good OL
Lol at him manhandling wilfork
