Kobe isn't greater than LeBron lol! What are you high! What are you basing this on? Being on Shaq's team for 3 championships? Getting drafted by a team that went 56-26 and then 60+ wins the next year?
Yeah they don't plan on doing anything about it and they haven't acknowledged it either
[Here's](http://youtu.be/st4ghssHopY) my one and only gameplay on Gephyrophobia if you wanna take a look to see how a match goes. I've only gotten the opportunity to play it once and I made it count lol. Make sure you go for the sniper. You'll land the most kills :)
Yeah seriously. Search: soda can remnant
How do you do it?! Are you spring jumping? I tried in custom Games and wasn't getting particularly close at landing it :/
No you can BXB people in halo 2 and they'll die if the first melee was a moving melee
whats his legacy ?
Lebron is a 4x MVP, and has been the best player in basketball for around 10 years now. He's also been better than Kobe at every corresponding age in the NBA starting from 18 all the way to 30 (this won't change any time soon) and he's also averaged more points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks on a better shooting % in regular season and playoffs, and better points, rebounds, assists and shooting % in the finals (Kobe, 41% in the finals = Yikes!). LeBron is also a 2x Finals MVP on both of his championship teams and has been the undisputed best player on his team for his entire career every year (something Kobe can never say in Shaq's 3 championships with the Lakers) He has crushed this whole LeBron vs Kobe thing and it hasn't been particularly close either. And dont get me started on all star selections. Lmao you serious? You're telling me lebron would have to twiddle his thumbs and wait for 5 more years and wait to be greater than Kobe Bryant? Laughable way of looking at things, especially considering Kobe hasn't even played the last two years, stunk up the joint with his shooting % and gotten voted in anyway. Yeah really great way of defining greatness. You don't know what you're talking about.
"It measures about 13 inches long" No way! Me too :D
Hey that's pretty cool!
No one hates curry lol
Technically every aspect of life is due to luck. This guy is just being a big whiner. Curry doesn't wanna show up to that guys school anyway.
[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64o3xi4_peE) my own Point of View from what transpired! It's a glitch that's happened to me before when you get hijacked off of the ghost and press a bunch of buttons. The game doesn't let you shoot, melee, or throw grenades. Weird stuff!
/u/rockforlight1998 /u/diasfordays
That sounds pretty dope actually
Super Saiyan Alpha
It's happened to me on Stonetown twice!
Who are you talking to??? You're not even answering the question posed in the title!
Don't listen to these guys trying to justify this by saying "you missed shots here and there" and "that only 1 out of 3 of your bullets connected" or some shit like that. That's not the biggest problem at hand. Your bullets are getting refunded. Look after your 3rd, 6th, and 8th burst. Lots of your shots didn't even count. This is a common occurrence in H2A and Halo 4. It's not just bullets. Watch when your shields are recharging or when you're planting the bomb in h2a in those games! You are being lied to!
Try taking up Barbie's World on the PS2 it might be more tailored to your skill set.
Because they don't want anyone to have fun
It's just something to talk about and it's also easy to remember so people can sound informed in conversation. It's actually silly to talk about a finals record. Would it be better to lose before the finals??
Halo 3 is a joke in the FoV department. Halo CE split screen on the MCC is beautiful and makes me jizz every time. You can see everything.
Yeah they should. And they need to make CE 4v4
/r/forgeinitiative
because it was a gimmick and the coolness factor wore off over time. however, i still like to pretend im james bond with dualie magnums in halo 2/3
fake
"Kung Lao...wins...."
Have you guys heard the 1 hour extended version of this? It's when any Australian tries to jump into matchmaking
How did that guy whiff the rocket 100%?
"Pull up to the scene with the ceilin' missin'!"
This is pretty common. It happens to me all the time. Just remember to keep shooting
ripoff of brooklyn nets jerseys. NEXT
he just spawned its natural reaction to walk forward. didnt have a split second to even think about it.
if only everyone else had better aim on the last guy, I would have finish him earlier!
Yup :)
Idk. I was on the other side of a bad spawn that a guy on the blue team had to get the drop on us earlier in the match. The game was repaying the favor. This isn't a great team slayer map in my opinion. It's very open with quite a few long lines of site. Tricks the game into thinking "there's nobody here! Here is your spawn good sir!"
Probably not a decent player
You can only block a sword attack with another sword. You're thinking of a bulltrue, where you melee a guy and somehow get a kill when he is sword lunging at you.
Yes
Yes buy it already. People ask this question every day it's becoming comical at this point. Use the search function
its not that petty, i mean he fucking killed you for the sniper
its because hes probably a teenager or close to it? most halo players are 17-21 years old
He already got killed by the time I picked up snipe. You can tell in the killfeed
He was a rookie. What the hell does "chuck shots" even mean in this case? Who do you want him to pass it to? Anthony Bennett?
He's already better than bird, a player who had two hall of fame teammates (mcHale/parish) on his team for 10+ years and a slew of other hall of famers peppered in there. The ring counting casual sports fan mentality needs to come to an end.
Chief player did too many random ultras and didn't do a single focus attack....Hand me the controller!!
Iraq
They have the same moves as the character they were modded from (Chief = Abel, Samus = C. Viper). I think you can mod it to whichever character you want. I don't know how to mod anything though, sorry.
its "STOP GIVING UP"
I was on the treadmill watching the game thinking "dang....I'm getting tired"
It's so funny how Delly doesnt start talking until you hear lebron start talking toward the end there....
I find it too risky to toss a nade. If you're red side, just shoot the middle barrel a little to the left of its middle. It'll fly to front of br2 usually
Yes it's 178 MB. Bout to play some CE just to be sure
seems true to how it was before the patch that ruined it http://www.reddit.com/r/halo/comments/39ig8k/halo_ce_bullet_magnetism_returns_to_preshit_patch/
Yeah that's what I'm saying. Please read the title again
Yeah now that I read it again i can see how it's ambiguous. But once you watch the video you'll see that what i meant was now the bullet magnetism is appropriate and where it should be
Yeah we found a match pretty fast
It's because halo 4 doesn't have bullshit mandatory no BR starts and it's also very well polished in terms of objective game types. And you get to party up with 4 of your pals instead of 5. And those Spartan abilities are kinda fun.
Yeah It is down for me right now 2:41 AM 6.12.2015 in California. I really want to play some Rumble Pit on Halo MCC :(
Yeah, You were the last person to shoot him, so you got credit for the kill even though he essentially committed suicide
I bring this up all the time. THis is why Halo 3 is my least favorite halo in this collection. What good is an FPS if the aiming is broken?
Yes
I don't think so
&gt; They should honestly make the max party size of these unranked playlists to the size of the game themselves. Could you clarify what you mean by that?
Aw man :(
The biggest turnoff for me in streams is the insanely long matchmaking times. The streams are always around 65% halo and 35% waiting. If there's any way you can minimize that that would be a big plus.
It seems every CE match I run into these teleporters
There's really no such thing as a clippers fan of you think about it.
Nice
It's not icebergs that are in water that are causing the sea levels to rise, it's the melting of the ice that is originally on land and then flows into the ocean
Sounds like you haven't played the game enough considering you don't even have the achievement. If you want to run into Bloodline more often you should play more BtB. and if you really want it, just go into custom games and start a match on bloodline. i think that will get the achievement
Well you shot 10 bursts and you finished with only 6 bullets in your chamber, so to answer your question, No, you DID NOT get bullet refunded. However, The game's hit detection IS failing
12 vs 12 which means 2 minutes into the game it'll be 6 vs 11 :)))
Louis Louis Louis loouuiiiiiis!
The size of the shit she took in the beginning is unreal
Why is the highest rated comment based on whether the stat is useless? It's saying Kyrie Irving did more in his game 1 appearance than anyone else on the roster has done through all 5 games besides lebron James.....
Hakeem or Shaq. Can't go wrong with either one.
Can't wait to see people quit in the first 2 minutes or so if they don't get their vehicle/power weapon of choice
"Ready to suck dick, mister master chief sir!"
/u/RockForlight1998 Tag the Demi Gods. Idk his reddit username
dwyane wade was injured as fuck before the playoffs. he wouldnt have won the championship in miami anyway. do you even follow the NBA?
Don't quit your day job.
His last thoughts: ....fucking........camper......*dies*
I dont think the majority of NBA fans know who Moses Malone was despite being one of the 20 best players ever
Several hundred??? I would have given up after like 30. Luckily I got that in like 20 tries.
I honestly just kept trying until I got it. I watched a few YouTube videos first and tried to replicate that and luckily it worked out.
Hi I am interested. I'm online right now. GT: Xalpha23
PS4 controllers are pretty comfy. It was the PS3 controllers that were downright awful
Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik
Hey I am down. Please add xalpha23 and aidanrich98 on Xbox one. We both just played a few private matches today on Xbox one. it was a ton of fun.
Yes the xbla port from N64
Whenever they get a steal "Hey! Who put that cone there?"
Haha I thought it was funny
Man there is nothing like getting off to a hot start in Halo
He could just be in party chat all the time like me
Although not having split screen in Halo is disappointing, It is still pretty cool you can play every halo on MCC on 4-player split screen multiplayer on the latest gen. That's in addition to all 5 campaigns. MCC Should keep you and your couch co-op buddies busy for years to come.
RUNNING WINGMAN
Can we please not introduce the term "hardscope" to Halo? It really doesn't have the same implications as doing it in CoD
Beaver creek is perfect to me. I can't believe no one has mentioned it yet!
A friendly Dino appears!
Tim Duncan 🏀🏀🏀
I'll take "system player" for $400, Alex
I'm preparing him for life, Rachel. Our son means the world to me. He is also weirdly mature for a 16 year-old.
His skin tone is reminiscent of a homestyle eggo waffle
Mm pizza :-)
Doesn't have to be perfect. That was an exaggeration on my part. Just decent for a 16 year-old
"I'm Chris Herren, why don't I have a seat right over here?" *falls down*
Great song
Kobe Bryant. Underwhelming shooting % and mostly bad finals appearances, especially inexcusable when shaq is on your team and receives the brunt of the defensive attention
Biggest noob guns are the Kuda, BRM and the HVK 30
AAAAAAAGGGRGEEEGHHGHAHG
Lamar be like...."pass me the rock"
Jerry West at 24 is ranked too low! And not all positions were created equal. Where's Oscar Robertson! Nvm: just saw Oscar :-)
12 year-olds be like "where's curry?"
Nice work dude
You also don't gain 100% muscle when you are bulking. There will always be some fat gained anyway.
The #teamlightskin family just got a little bigger
You tell 'em!!!!
Start a family that's a good one. People got kids they don't even take care of
😂😂😂💯💯💯🐸☕️
He ain't light skinned enough sorry
Forgot to mention guys, I'm Jordan clarkson
Also lightskin is not a race, please educate yourself
Dave obviously. Kevin hart is funny too. Katt Williams is garbage tier though
So many corners lol And pussies hiding behind the Hummers when they're too scared for some CQB It's an awesome FFA map. One central location where all the kills pile up and everyone's fighting for control. (Pull out your shotguns guys)
One of my favorite players. Very agile and amazing shooter for a big man. Great stroke and some sweet turnaround jumpers from the high post
The Spurs will win the championship that's all that matters
Jeff Withey: new face of basketball
It's not perfect but overall good
Yes it has improved but the bad news is my Scuf controller is starting to act up and I am having some vertical drift on both thumbsticks. I do not recommend you buy one.
He was a beast. #beastobili
Hey my Scuf controller has upward Thumbstick drift (my character starts walking forward and looking up eventually even when I don't touch the ticks). Do you think I could send my controller to you and you could fix it? Are you in the U.S.?
Record company people are shadyyy
"Sacremento" XD Sacre Bleu Monsieur! Robert Sacre
Unbelievable track. I've been a huge jamiroquai fan for a while
Lmao everyone should just yell 3 seconds at him every now and then. He'd fall for it every time
Dude was cooking Curry in Game 1. Picking up where he left off
Wish LeBron would jack up 8 threes a game at least. He always holds the ball for a few seconds before making a move
Lakers were very popular and they had a great record. The Lakers bandwagon was filling up with Shaq and Kobe as the stars and "the next MJ" storyline had emerged
John Wall is not really a player my friends and I ever even talk about. He is not good enough and doesn't play on a good enough team to garner that notoriety
It's crazy to think the Heat lost 3 straight games with The big 3 all in their prime. The Celtics gave em hell but just fell short
He didn't dribble after the whistle blew. He actually had amazing reaction time and threw it up immediately after he heard it
He started making a deliberate move toward the basket. If you do that, someone fouls you, you don't take anymore dribbles and you throw the ball up quick after the whistle, then yeah that's gonna be counted as a shooting foul about 95% of the time.
Chris Paul usually leads the league in stolens! /u/OreosOnFire I summon thee!!!!!!
Oracle arena is technically the oldest NBA stadium. (1967...68 maybe?)
I don't think there are many that debate he is out of the top 5. He is clearly the 3rd best player of all time IMO (Jordan, Kareem)
Halo MCC technically has at least 4 games that are split screen. Campaign and multiplayer. Lots of fun to be had if you can find a match
So dirty fam. 9/11
Need to see a John Johnson highlight video by Dawkins: John Johnson 39 pts, 16 rebounds, 8 assists, NO CHILL!
Seth having flashbacks of the driveway
Make sure you use grip and Hardwired/Fast Hands. Everything else is up to you
Low hanging fruit really
Best map for head shots in Hardcore
Thunder's bread and butter is to complain about cod games being the worst yet he keeps playing them....almost exclusively. all you have to do is aim at someone's toes or legs it's so easy. If you bought the game on launch and you haven't figured it out yet then you are an idiot
Fuck. No. 75 points of looking for campers is enough bullshit already
Don't waste your breath. That guy is an idiot
Play FFA. Wait for people to run by. Use hard wired to stay off of Sixth Sense and use Dead Silence so you don't get soundwhored as easily. Corner camp in the hotspots. Throw shock charges in high traffic areas to stun the other players For instance on Stronghold, camp upstairs the house and wait for people to jump into the windows. Hide in the bedroom, hide behind the dinner table or in the kitchen. Then when people run by, give them the stabby stabby!!
Matt Barnes and Kevin Garnett come to mind
Can't really count his first 7 years in Cleveland. The team didn't make appropriate personnel changes. Didn't have real coaching or a game plan other than "the LeBron offense." 2nd best player was Mo Williams...Ilgauskas? Cleveland was also one of the most poorly run franchises in the league until they magically made a turnaround once LeBron returned. They pretty much got lucky with all of their picks and that LeBron wanted to come back. I think the only Finals loss you can hold against him is 2011 where he played bad. He should have 3 championships instead of 2 right now. Other than that this shit posting needs to stop. You wanted him to beat Golden State without his 2 best teammates?
Try reading the stats and advanced stats once in a while. Or maybe for the first time ever
I gotta say warriors. They have an actual gameplan. And they would also make better adjustments game to gamd
2 point clinic #thereturnofthe2 #whyshoot3swhentheres2s #number9na,morelikenumber2
Vince Carter, no wait McGrady, no wait....fuck!
Best answer in the thread
Fuckin bullshit have fun fighting campers for 15 minutes you guys are idiots
He has a jitter mod on his controller
It's not embarrassing at all. That guy wasn't even taking the game seriously
In the 80s defense was an afterthought just ask my favorite player Magic Johnson
Mickey Rottner could put up points in a hurry
Me and Deron Williams because we both have nice beards
Lopez &gt; Lopez And it's not even close
Zangief be like "bitch I got a BALD head"
They weren't. That's a myth
Shaq ate Ben Wallace alive that series. Lakers coulda won if they fed the big man but SOMEBODY didn't feel like passing
SalGOD Mejri
Shock Charges :-) Sheiva Dead Silence L-Car 9 Primary Gunfighter (Level 34)
You live in NY....dude had no choice
Clearly I was referring to Rick fox
Damn no chill 💯💯
"Bitch I got a BALD shoulder!"
Kali Muscle's cousin
Dude was trash. James harden's beard would cross him over and make him cry in about 5 seconds. /s Just kidding I actually have no idea why his number isn't retired. The lakers should do it
Dudes be like "draymond green is the best power forward in the west"😂😂😂
All aboard Vahns nutsack!!!!!!!!! *CHOO CHOO*
Dave Cowens was trash. Didn't make a single 3 his entire career. Curry would shit in that guys mouth and make him cry 💯💯🐸☕️
What an absolute lie. Jordan played in 15 seasons
These are some of the dumbest people on earth
Cheating with the vesper I see
Yeah nice "skinny" pic in the beginning dude. You were pretty much almost average/lean. Looking aesthetic though. I need to start counting my calories!
I was 6'2" 168 lbs and was the guy on the right. OPs genes are great. Not even close to sickly
"Could of" drives me fucking crazy. It doesn't even make any sense!
People are acting like this is such a big deal. The team that started hiding knew they would get DQ'd (I'm assuming they have a pulse and at least a few brain cells). This wasn't some master plan to cheat their way to the championship. they're showing off and trolling more than anything. You gotta admit they owned the other team pretty good. Takes a lot of skill to get all 4 team members out of the map without losing the lead. Even the team name is "Mi Seng" (MISSING) as in "gone missing"
Hardcore TDM: the most skillful gametype in the history of CoD. I can't figure out for the life of me why the competitive scene hasn't picked it up as an MLG gametype yet...
Hardcore Kill Confirmed
U r soft ya big softy P.S. You r soft. Like charmin. Stop being soft
This guy is trying to weasel his way to a Golden State NBA championship.....
No dark matter is awesome I only use that :-)
YOUVE SEEN MY WORK, NOW WATCH ME TWERK
You're a bag idea
Hey how do I make sure this glitch doesn't happen to me? I play split screen with my cousin all the time and I'm paranoid about losing my master prestige / dark matter
Great response
Don't fuck with Taco Bell
You shot his shoulder somehow /s
You pretty much nailed it
1% of those people actually saw Larry bird play. They just don't like LeBron.
Y'all Muthafuckas need Jesus /s
I think KSG hip fire worked sometimes....this thing is a guaranteed hitmarker. I'm still trying to wrap my head around why a SHOTGUN isn't good at close range hip fire
Yeah I understand how the argus uses pellets but it still sucks. There must not be much damage added for being close to them I.e. They won't die unless all the pellets (ADS) go into the bad guy
Yeah when the enemy starts jumping around it becomes a nightmare. That's when you should be able to count on hip fire but you can forget about killing in 1 shot most of the time.
I saw the video. I know how it works. What you and I said don't contradict each other.
Haha thanks! I'll keep a vigilant eye out for those cheaters
Just because I didn't mention something doesn't mean that what I said is incorrect. Think about how logic works. I never said it was the only determinant of damage. I wanted to make it clear to the guy that "fatal areas" are not a thing for shotguns In Black Ops 3.
7/10 solid trolling
I honestly don't see more camping in hardcore FFA than any other game mode in particular. Most people are just trying to go for head shots. And if they are camping it's because they're using an LMG, assault rifle or Sniper. Anytime there's a bunch of SMG users they are definitely running around like maniacs even.
😂😂💯💯🐸☕️
Go play MW3 then and get shot in the back on maps like downturn, arkaden, seatown, and lockdown; no one is stopping you. I have 20 days played on MW3 trust me the layouts were worse if you don't like dying.
Yeah I distinctly remember camping that spot aiming at the spot where a guy's head would be when he spawned. Made 10-15 head shots per HC FFA possible :-)
Aldridge: "Kawhi is............not....................good"
The bull unleashed his super combo
I can shoot a wraith down in 10 seconds after spotting it. Not very good....RAPS is a lot better. It creates a bit of chaos...but it leads to lots of instant rage quitting. Kind of like Dogs or Swarm in Black Ops 2
Man funniest comment I've read all day. You deserve all the votiolis
Lmao no one likes draymond except warriors fans; he's a fuckin bitch who would average 17 points per game on a 35-win team. Dude gets carried harder than the backpack from Dora the explorer
xD
Vesper + two hands = Nuclear?
Steals 98% coaching powers. Becomes Coach Bron.
LeBrons presence by itself is very intimidating. Opposing players know he'll have you fired faster than you can say "Rich Paul"
It means "if you face me, I will fuck you up " Step Up means "bring it on"
The snipers in this game are bad while the AWP in CS is like the best gun. Also recoil isn't as bad in this game. Only the pump-action shotguns, knife, snipers, some specialist weapons, and a headshot with the high-caliber Sheiva can kill in 1 shot. Head shots don't do additional damage except when you have high caliber on assault rifles or pistols.
Here's the bottom line: In Black Ops 1 you could barely hear footsteps In Black Ops 2 Soundwhoring was almost absolutely fucking impossible in a public match with action. Just a completely worthless tactic unless you're playing S&amp;D and you have awareness on and the other guy is not using dead silence. In black ops 3, footsteps are very audible even without awareness. Even dead silence does not make the footsteps completely 100% quiet.
4/17 was an average Allen iverson game in his prime
Ginobili is a basketball god.
Kawhi Leonard, first in the Finals, and then against the Cavs when Kyrie forces OT and went off for 57
He is a beast dude
There are no "servers." Not on console anyway. PC servers are alive and well. Especially if you like Nuketown :-)
This happened because the average black ops 3 player is 16 and really stupid
Using the vesper is cheating everyone Knows that
God who cares what people say. Why did he make a 10 minute video even addressing people calling him a "money whore". They obviously don't have to pay their own bills. And this guy is clearly good enough to make it on YouTube. He just needs to start Twitch streaming 12 hours a day and upload once a day and he's gonna be fine.
They smoke too much weed xD
You are a fucking no-good teamkiller/s
May I have the stream link, gentlemen? I just got home and really want to watch this game :-(
stream link?
ty
Thank you based god. I found an HeD 60 FPS stream
My stream is still working. Idk which website it is. I don't want to touch it. I'm watching it on PC while redditinng on my smartphone
Italian is an awesome language "Buon pomeriggio signore! Come sta?"
Joakim Noah is dying to become relevant again
Thunder might win 2 games if they get lucky but that's about it
I agree with you completely. I (male) was 6'2"/168 lbs skinny fat. I would lift around an hour everyday but neglected cardio thinking I was well on my way to being super buff. Listening to these guys on YouTube to eat more meals just made me fatter and my love handles kept ballooning even though I was building muscle as well. My arms looked way too twiggy compared to my body. You couldn't see my muscles too well and my waist kept growing. After reaching 208 lbs with a fat face and waistline, i realized I was eating way too much. I decided to stop eating fucking Chipotle everyday, cut out egg yolks, and (gulp) eat a salad once a day so I wouldn't go over my TDEE. After lifting seriously for 1.5 years I am 186 and started my real cutting a month ago. I am doing about an hour of lifting and doing an hour on the treadmill daily to reach 178 lbs by April. I have to say that Being skinny fat is definitely the worst to be honest, since I didn't know what to believe. I still have never had a six-pack in my entire life, but I can tell I'm getting closer. You have to tread a fine line
I have a pic of me right now but none when I started unfortunately. I now take a shirtless pic every week or every 2 weeks for the past 2 months. I will make my own post on here once I reach my goal (for this year).
It was me
Haha it's funny because it's true but I still think you're still a huge asshole for even bringing it up
Doc: "Mr. Testes....it's good to have you back." Matias: "It's 'Testi.'" Blake: "Shut up you fuckin midget, before I break my other hand"
Milwaukee is a city of course
Austin Carr always sounds like he's chewing Gummy Bears or something
Didn't know this. Thanks. The guy seems very likeable
"Coach, you played D'Angelo only 6 minutes, how come?" "Man, fuck him"
Then that's not their fault. I'm saying when the coaches have a gameplan and its a bad one and they realize it too late
It's obviously not working out for coaches anyway. They're getting fired like crazy out here
He's the same size as randolph
It's just the English language at play
YouTube-quality trolling: D-
Westbrook is a beast. He's everything Derrick Rose shoulda been and it's his 8th season.
The guy is being facetious
Where are the Brazilian off duty cops when you need them to talk some sense into this man
Are these career stats?
Kobe likes to hold the ball until the defender comes by. Zack LaVine just shoots it without too much thinking. Both strategies have their advantages :-)
Deez Nuts
Gordon Hayward the GOAT white. P.S. Larry's not white, Larry's clear
The Air Canada Centre sounds so vacant when the PA Announcer talks
Yes Im gonna completely annihilate people who talk shit by bringing up their certainly-pathetic combat record. Really dig into them and how much they really suck and they will almost certainly ragequit after I kill them over and over again all while berating them for ever talking shit to me :-)
Mad funny
The doctors say she died on impact
I think what the NBA has taught me is that almost anything can happen. LeBron might win 3 more championships or 0 more championships. Who knows? Only time will tell with these things.
Sounds like Good call by magic to fire coach Dickhead
#winning !
Motorcyclists are some of the smartest people alive.........on Opposite Day
Why didn't the car just slow down?
Should change name to Milwaukee Sucks with a stat like that
Turkey is not an Arab country. I guess whoever made the chart feels Israel isn't even worth mentioning since there is no way they would take any refugees for political reasons
N-O. No.
"Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm................hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm"
Haha you gotta admit it's pretty funny. and yes that is getting trolled. It doesn't make Dawkins look bad. It's just so funny reading his tweets in his English accent.
I like learning what can I say
Play arena
Even if you get a lucky shot, I will lick you
#teamlightskin stays winnin 2016
KyBeast IrvBeast.....am I doing this right?
We end up having this discussion every year and the answer has been yes every time.
Those look fuckin dope
Every comment on /r/NBA is a straw man. It's quite pathetic how some of the people treat each other on here.
Remind me not to use the weevil, KN, or ICR in hardcore
Blake Griffin blocked it straight up. It's the only I've ever seen anyone block it.
Omg I can't breathe
It's fun to kill people with gravity spikes I think we can all agree
He also blocked it in a game in Dallas. I guess that means he's blocked it twice. Wow crazy I didn't even remember this block.
Yeah and Blake Griffin is like the highest leaper in the league. It's crazy what the qualifications are to block 35 year old Dirk's shot
Smh Draymond got robbed
Hahahaha, oh man you should be a standup comedian! there have been a number of studies that guys who didn't train and took gear got bigger than guys not on gear, regardless of training.
It's tragic what happened to his father
ah so THIS is the competition you guys have on PS4
those kids got annihilated and there was nothing they could do about it
Kobes secretary on the other hand...
The game still looks fantastic and vibrant
He does. They triple team him sometimes, sometimes he gets ripped.
He grabbed all them offensive rebounds on his own misses though
He makes open 3s regularly. He can make an open long 2 trust me. He definitely doesn't think he can though.
He only has 21 attempts though, and a lot of those were put backs. That tells me he wasn't aggressive enough I.e. Not shooting the open J.
dude got Uberlebender'd!!!!!!
I appreciate not having to pull the trigger after every burst so I go with the XR-2 with rapid fire.
It's because Overwatch is full of wannabe Disney characters that the kids love. Remember, if you're trying to get twitch viewers, impressing 12 year olds has to be your top priority, so of course these guys are gonna ham it up and act like they love the game.
Super ISIS or.....SISIS
When you have to 1v1 snipe that asshole in World at War
These Japanese guys would still body you guys with your tech today. You'd get downloaded in about 2 weeks once they learn the basic combos.
I did it on Veteran and just will never forget how comically impossible and relentless it was, and how unhelpful Reznov was haha
Don't triple cap dude
Halo: The Master Chief Collection ($10-$15 US on some sites) Halo 5
I have the game but I never play it....and I only played one gametype anyway: Cranked (so much fun!)
People are cheating. They're throwing invisible gas at you and it's there for the rest of the match. Just leave the lobby anytime this happens
Dudes in Europe be like......*gulp*
His friends entire body provided a meat shield to soften the impact. He essentially bounced off a human. He was extremely lucky (so to speak).
I'll bet you $20 that ball didn't accidentally hit that man's car.
Are you asking me or that strawman you're almost done making?
Hey, do you know where the AMCAS Transcript ID# is listed? I can't seem to find mine.
The only reason MCC got knocked was because its multiplayer at launch and the ensuing 3 months was an absolute disaster. It was the 9/11 of the Halo world. I can say with confidence it's been a great game since about March 2015.
Thanks
About About Aboot Abohwt Abot
Reminded me of a Reddit post during black ops 2 when someone had 70,000 kills with the PDW and like less than 100 everything else.
Can't believe you smurf and have the audacity to complain about these guys
Maybe March was an exaggeration, but by the April 21st patch the game went pretty smooth. For me at least.
Smh crashed faster than Echo 419
Ghosts was a fun game for me. I only played cranked 99% of the time btw. After getting used to the fast pace I couldn't go back to regular Ghosts aka Camper's Sanctuary The first month after launch, the best gun was the MSBS. I was nailing quad feeds with that gun on launch day. Man that was fun! Ran around like a maniac Then they patched it, now there are about 8 guns you could do work with: honey badger, Remington R5, ak12, mtar, vector, that crescent moon LMG (M27-IAR?), and the VKS sniper rifle. All of those guns feel good I have to say. I played only Cranked btw.
On MW3 if you had on the specialist bonus you got all of the proficiencies except damage, so as long as you equipped damage in your custom class you could have both damage and range, and then your shotgun was on steroids And the striker was so good at launch you couldn't beat it. They had to nerf it The annoying part about proficiencies is that you had to grind for them every prestige. The gun levels would reset and it was frustrating
He's pretty good. Can be the 4th best player on a championship team.
But according to LeBron haters, losing in the finals means you suck!
Tits
No he didn't, he had a fantastic Game 2
I don't think anyone shot well in those finals, Kobe went 6 of 24 in Game 7, did he choke?
Fakey Fakey ID stall it bro, you don't wanna be lame, DO YOU?
I played the AW campaign a few days ago, I must say, it is damn good. Those cutscenes!
Beiber threw hands on a guy way bigger than him and y'all still hatin 😂
"I need a weapon"
Party up with someone.
RIP How'd he die?
Teenagers be like "yeah Tyler the creator is raw but did you hear that new future track"
No of course they wouldn't be against it, they just don't want average guys bugging them
Ryan Reynolds: Hi Girl: can't you see I'm working out Ryan Reynolds: :-(
See told ya
I think you're missing the point, nice try though, DS Dewey
No I'm trying to point out how funny the transcription is, I've never used it before
I guess I should clarify, I'm trying to point out how funny the transcription is, not that i care about the flagrant language
Whose wife?
Can someone explain to me what's going on? I never played much 3S and I want to be able to appreciate this play
Sf5 only has like 6 characters, no ones under the radar. /s
I am anti-shill
added
It was decided by 1v1 tomahawks on Nuk3town
What? You're talking about a championship?!
Let's take a look at the stats once the series is over. There's a lot of basketball to be played, but right now LeBron is clearly the front runner. Besides they have to win the series which they still are unlikely to do
..........
Mainly Platinum 3 or 4. I've never placed outside out of platinum after 10 matches. What I'm saying is my cousin seems like a very obvious Gold tiered player. in those 10 matches he cost us at least 2 of our 4 losses.
I in general outperformed him in objectives as well, especially strongholds. There was only one match where he had 1 flag cap and I had 0, that was it. Keep in mind the game factors all of the objectives into the scoreboard ranking ( I was above him 8/10 matches) for every match and on top of that he is dying way more than me and killing fewer people than me for every game as well. Negative KDA almost every game. He also had more betrayals with 2 total while I had 0. across the board obviously should not be ranked above me. It seems like Halo 5 Team Arena really doesn't care if you die a lot.
Yeah and we actually played one more match after placement, our first match was a Slayer on Regret where he went 5-13 and I went 18-12 and we lost by 3. The game isn't penalizing him for dying. At no point in any of my matches did I perform that bad or blow the game for my team in that fashion. Based on that alone I should be placed higher. Period.
I feel smarter already.
Why is there a huge penalty for beating people worse than me? It should be at least +1 XP for me for that match. The mind-boggling thing is he was ranked above me which means the ranking system is certainly failing us to some extent. When a relatively new account has to be carried to 7-3 W/L vs players much better, this ranking is an absurdity
"Kick it like tae bo"
Seriously, people really know how to rub it in
He threw his mouthpiece at a fan. I mean that would 100% be a suspension for an average NBA player
Craig Sager: Bron, do you think you'll at least get a Bron tonight? Bron: Bron. Craig: Back to you, Mike
LeBron also beat them in Oracle when he was on the Heat in 2014
I'm just here to read the comments.
Winning a Finals Game 7 is like impossible. Hasn't happened since the Celtics beat my Lakers in 1969. I remember it like it was yesterday as a -31 year old sperm sitting in the stands of the legendary Great Western Forum, duck you Bill Russell ;-(
.....uh he's not gonna die is he?
Was there An announcement? It must have flown over my head
"Yo Paul......Y'all got any more o that butt juice?"
Better luck next time :-P
"Hey stop giving away our secret!"
What kinda loser talk is that? We got captain save a hoe with the meme boi
I was just talking about Lakers/Celtics
You left out a ton of information people would be interested in: What difficulty? Where do you live? What time of day can you play? People in the US probably aren't gonna want to team up with a guy in Europe, the connection would be awful. Do you have a mic? What's your Halo experience? Are you Going for achievements?
Every COD has bad spawns to some degree, just play battlefield if you're gonna be a baby about it.
That's because PS3 is a joke of a console
Klay Thompson is the only Warrior player I've seen not attempt a shot at the rim with LeBron lurking. He knows the deal
"Smh so arbitrary"
At least he doesn't need a moving screen to score points
Use your own brain to determine how good a player is and stop worrying about the narrative. How bout that?
LeBron bopped Kobe like every time they played...
That's why Halo 5 FFA is so great!
Klay Thompson....rage quit on the bench in game 6.....rage quit on the court in Game 7
"had an opportunity" is an understatement.....they were up 3-1 in the Finals with home court. They fucking choked like the Reggie Miller meme. Say it with me Steph: "The 2015-16 Warriors are fucking chokers."
Da comrade
Retiring after taking a nice poop on the Warriors, both when he played for them and against them
LeBron: chill I got this *bricks first free throw* LeBron: this next 1 goin' in I swear
Ask any game developer that develops game cross platform for both systems.....coding something for PS3 is impossible and the end result is generally poopier than 360. On top of that PS3 is easier to hack and is hacked to shit. Every COD game was hacked first on PS3 and has a higher percentage of hackers on PS3.
Curry was exposed as a player who has to rely on gimmicks (namely, moving screens) to score. Once Bogut was out for the series it was a wrap for Curry. He by himself has much less value than LeBron whereas with a moving screen he can sometimes seem unstoppable.
What difference does it make? I don't care if you can shove the ball in between your ass cheeks and fart it into the basket. Two points is two points. Why did Shaq average 38 points in the threepeat finals while Kobe averaged about 22 over those 3 finals? Do you think Phil Jackson cared about Kobes refined scoring over Shaq's layups, jump hooks, and dunks?
It depends on how many moving screens Curry has
LeBron led the series in points (let alone everything else), the only major contribution Kyrie makes towards winning (it's a great contribution btw). So no Kyrie is not the hero. He's the second-best hero and lebron is the superhero
You are a stupid person if you don't know why LeBron is by far the greatest player this series.
"You are making a huge mistake!!!!" *lebron walks out* 5 minutes later -"You think he bought that?" -"No way"
Riley Curry? She can't even speak properly, can't believe she had the audacity to say something like that.
He's mr. Nice guy
They are overrated imo. Can't even win a ring without Chris Bosh and D Wade making a Big 3 with Valanciunas.
There's just some shit you don't do to a man with 3 kids
Because he thinks he's the tits In his mind he's like "dude you're the tits take a one-legged 3 pointer; what would Riley do?"
Wrong again bob. Why didn't Kyrie average more points than LeBron? because he was the best player most of the Time on the offensive side.
Kobe a nice 6-24 at home for 23 points and 15 rebounds. LeBron 27 points on the road 9-24, with 11 and 11, 2 blocks and 3 steals. He was at least decent on offense, better than meh. Maybe meh for LeBron
Finally my chance to call someone a cuck and have it make sense
Quit Thompson did not give a post game
Negative K/D ratio right there, go play mind craft scrub
Looks like Draymond is s little good at basketball as well
You have to make the case why Kobe is better than LeBron
ESPN Hot Take I don't think Kyle Korver would have scored 41 points in Game 6 of the WCF
Rings are a team achievement, and you have a lot of research to do my man. That's A very "casual fan" answer. Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili are both better shooters and have more rings than LeBron.
That's actually the last 6 NBA seasons
Lmao Magic Johnson 95 assists. Passing the ball by people's ears and through the legs and shit Guy guarding Magic: "I can't stop em coach!"
He also had two back to back travels in Game 5 vs the Warriors. Hard to watch, especially since he played shooting guard for most of his career
He's a butt hurt rage quitter just like his son
L
He was 7'3" and was great at everything.
Paid troll
Godlike trivia question incoming
If my aunt had balls she'd be my uncle
PG: Kyrie Irving SG: JR Smith SF: Bron PF: Kevin Love C: Tristan Thompson
He will reincarnate as Bill Walton
Lowkey almost teared up
He rage quitted from his job because his son's team lost, just like Klay left Game 6 early and didn't give a press conference in Game 7. The back-to-back-to-back family ragequit. They also hinted that LeBron is soft and Klay said "this is a man's game"...."guess he got his feelings hurt" etc. etc. just down the line they are both exceptional sore losers and can dish it but can't take it.
40 year old with wife and kids - Clippers Clipper Darrell - Clippers Yuppies - clippers Actors/Celebrities - Lakers Non-white (Hispanic, Filipino, Middle Easterners etc) - Lakers, in general Chris Paul fans - Clippers
Go to any clippers game, it's full of families. Lakers games have a bunch of twenty-somethings, early-thirties.
That's okay with me. I play some other games I prioritize first but I just don't want to lose to people using gimmicks, or lose because I lack some critical knowledge about the game.
LeBron didn't miss the dunk, he got fouled lol
Oooooooo burn
So "close"
I read it in GOB's voice too, with that smirk
L
I don't know how someone can "become the goat" if lebrons already played 13 years...we know his track record. He just isn't as good at Michael Jordan was in his prime ( top 10 years). Anything else would be appealing to ring counting, which is not a productive way to settle who is better. Individual stats in the finals, playoffs, and regular season are enough for us to figure this out.
Overwatch..... A less fun version of TF2 with Disney characters
I would body this guy in chess, man pass me one o them horsies
Overwatch is unbelievably boring. FPS are my favorite genre also. Starting on PC in the 90s with Doom, quake, unreal tournament to the 21st century with CS 1.3-1.6, COD and Halo. Overwatch was a yawner after 3 matches and I was the best player on my team every time. I've never been so disappointed in a game so quickly😂😂😂 face it the characters were designed for kids and weeaboos
He has that Blake Griffin vibe I could tell he was mixed without doing any research.::go me!
You sound like a horrible person in general and a weeaboo
shit post so i will respond with one of my own LeBron &gt; Steph Curry
They got Victor Oladipo, one of the greatest Dion Waiters clones of all-time.
The Sixers had great defense
The 2008 Cavs had great defense with the addition of Ben Wallace but not the 2007 Cavs that made the Finals
MW3 didn't have OP noobtubes like MW2. Also Last Stand was not a perk. and you got points toward your point streak to reward objective players which was not present in MW2. Also MW3 had a specialist strike package There I just listed 3 things that MW3 had that improved the experience over MW2
Yeah but if you had to choose which team had the better defense 2008 Cavaliers in the playoffs with Ben Wallace or 2007 which one would you choose?
Well you didn't disagree with me
it wasn't that good,they got molly whopped in the finals by the spurs and the Sixers at least took a game off the Lakers., the 2008 cavs defense and 2001 sixers defense was better than 2007 cavs defense
I've seen him play for 6 or 7 years now....he is appropriately rated
Whatever you do, don't play Halo 3
Black Ops 3.....if you like boots on the ground, buy Black Ops 2 or Modern Warfare 3
Top 10 facts about T-Mac: 1. Loser/2nd round virgin 2. Wannabe Kobe Bryant 3. Lost Game 7 by 40 points 4. Ugly Jumper shots 5. Always injured 6. Got carried by Yao 7. Never practiced 8. Lazy 9. Cross-eyed 10. Blew 3-1 lead in the first round
B-b-but but curry could be the greatest player of all time!
KG needs to cut it out. Dwight Howard would snap his neck
Melo slept that guy with the loudest punch ever recorded 😂😂
Just buy a XIM4 for $125, thank me later
Good enough to fuck your wife, LONG dick style
Not just the same birthday, They are all the exact same age. The probability is still tiny
Everyone knows the best regular season game out of all of these was Kyrie's. Don't even mention the other ones. That performance was in a world of its own. On the road against the Spurs. Dominated all game. Then A three pointer to force OT. A 1-on-1 basketball clinic.
Steph Curry Klay Thompson Harrison Barnes Draymond Green Festus Ezeli
Argus - the only lever action shotgun in history that doesn't kill in one hit from point blank range
That is probably the greatest regular-season performance of all-time Also watch the game Anthony Davis scored 59 - Pelicans @ Pistons 2016
OKC is a fantastically run franchise
Kevin love getting nervous watching that kid D-up Harden "Glad that ain't me out there" - thinks Kevin, as he sips his Arizona Iced Tea
Top 10 facts about the Golden State Warriors 1. Can only beat injured teams 2. Need to return last year's championship 3. Can't score without moving screens 4. Their best player kicks people in the nuts 5. Were finished once Bogut was injured (professional moving screen) 6. Only team in history to choke 3-1 lead in the NBA finals 7. 73-9, biggest choke in NBA history. Ran out of gimmicks when title was on the line 8. Fake fans disappeared when fake MVP choked in the finals 9. Got completely dominated by LeBron 10. Trash brothers quit before game 6 ended
Lol some YouTube comments section quality content right here
Jordan was owning all stars in his rookie year. He was a legit top 8 player in the league the second he stepped foot on NBA Hardwood. Which was not unheard of btw, since Lew Alcindor was like top-5 the second he came in the NBA. 2 NBA gods no coincidence they are the two GOATs
That's because he was on a team with like a bunch of great veterans. He was like Harrison Barnes in golden State right now. A good player with 5 other players on his team that are also better than him... I mean if Barnes were actually good
You mean without all of the great decision-making or lockdown defense
Hey he does a great job making it hard to see over him
He obviously came over as an infant
L
L
Hey we don't say the AD word around here
*fist pump*
Some ESPN first take questions
All you needed was at least a few brain cells and understanding of basic math to figure out LeBron has at least 3 or 4 seasons better than Kobes best season.
Should change his name to Cuck Christie
The '92 Knicks, the '98 Pacers, the '95 and '96 Magic
Does he have any physical descriptors of this individual, other than "he was a Cavs fan"? Was he tall, short, bald, fat? did he have a beard? Blond hair/ black hair? White guy/black guy/Asian/Latino?
Fucking Christ I cannot sit through 2 minutes of this show when Pete Holmes is talking, or doing anything else for that matter.
He hasn't played in the Olympics yet. Is that a tough concept to grasp?
I'll take that as a yes, that concept was too hard for you to grasp.
This is the only answer in this thread that isn't a meme or by a low-IQ mouth-breather. Thank you for actually answering the question.
He was a beast
Ooh, never heard of Ghost Jumping before. Thanks for that.
I found this to be the best Doubleshot tutorial video available on YouTube. Really breaks it down to the nitty-gritty. I still play MCC and am always looking to get better so it's cool to see stuff like this
You have to practice 1v1 quickscope/wallbanging people on Nuketown 2025 with permanent radar. That's how people always play.
Check out his other MCC and Halo 5-related videos. They are pretty insane when you consider how much information he gets across in such a small amount of time, especially when you also consider how good he is at Halo. he presents technology as well as the skills, a combination I never really see to this extent on YouTube.
:-( I didn't get to exploit it yet
I wish I knew how to spring jump in MCC. It seemed really useful back then but now there's clambering in Halo 5
Let's all just take turns winning the championship
Thon: if she 13 I'm 13
Here just take my jersey/shirt I don't want it.
OKC.......so close.......
he will start yelling as loud as possible
Swear to god he wouldn't do that shit if Huertas was in front of him.
He will be Whitewater from NBA STREET VOL2
1. Tits 2. Ass 3. 🍆 4. ??? 5. LeBron 6. To win another championship
