http://joosejuice.co.uk About £7 for 60ml. Not sure about postage. It's not the best, but it's perfectly vapable and has good service.
&gt;I really don't think it is the right time to speculate about the exact cause of death at this time I agree, but Lord Oakeshott seems to have little doubt as to what happened. Very sad.
I don't think they will be competitive on any level. ELO has them rated at 75th in the world, and only 32 teams will qualify. I'd be surprised if they didn't loose every match by 8 goals.
Yes, their marketing could have been better. Now they sell 30ml, but you get two bottles, so it's 60ml, but I don't know why they don't just state that it's 60ml? Unless you only get 2x15ml bottles!
Didn't NN have some problems with how strong their nic was?
http://www.reddit.com/r/DIY_eJuice/comments/37v69m/problem_with_nude_nicotine_3mgml_7030_nic_base/ 3 days ago.
Any news on Half Life 3?
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16104275 Well, he did block one thing, only for the EU to sign a different agreement without us. It doesn't seem like we'd loose anything of value.
Coupe. I think that's a Bugatti Type 57, so do a search for cars from that era.
Here's Ford's. http://www.topgear.com/uk/photos/ford-classic-car-2011-09-20 They take some of them to historic events like Goodwood.
&gt; Prohibition has never, will never work. I agree, but I think we're in a new era. For years the types of drugs that people take has been fairly constant. With new legal highs, and two new drugs a week being discovered, it's impossible to regulate them, or to be aware of the consequences of the new drugs. I think the only way to control drugs is by regulating the sale of traditional drugs, which hopefully will result in the demise of the legal highs.
&gt; We could also make a very strong case the junior doctors are paid less than equivalents abroad, and that is the reason so many leave for Australia and New Zealand. We could make a case for virtually every public sector worker of some kind. What's that got to do with it? You create a somewhat ridiculous thread about MPs pay and then go off on a tangent about fuck all. &gt;MPs happen to have a 'regulator' who makes the case for them without MPs themselves having to make the case at all. If teachers announced they didn't need a pay rise for the next five years would we see the department of Education step in and demand that they had one? I doubt it. Perhaps that's happened, I don't know, do you?
&gt; You can't effectively have a monetary union without a fiscal union. I agree, and that is why the € is doomed to fail. 1999 - "*Let's have a common currency.*" 2015 - "*This doesn't work very well.*" No shit...
You've been handed a link to the report and were asked to offer a rebuttal, but didn't. And, yes, making something credible probably *is* a justification.
&gt; The article makes a good point about alcoholism, we are quick to judge but how many of us are effectively functional alcoholics? I don't know, how do you define alcoholic? I don't like the way the article suggests that Britain is different to elsewhere. Each country has it's own intricacies when it comes to booze, and I think that because we have such a pub based culture, it makes our problems look worse than others. Overall, [we're not particularly better or worse than many counties](http://www.who.int/substance_abuse/publications/global_alcohol_report/msb_gsr_2014_3.pdf).
The video is woeful. It looks like someone watched the "Blurred Lines" Robin Thicke video and tried to copy it. It's an interesting idea. I don't know if it'll catch on, but I think it's worth remembering that the majority of vapers don't go much beyond cigalikes, so I have no doubt that it'll work for some.
Perhaps you should learn how to debate like an adult.
&gt;educate properly on the risks How could we do that when we have no idea what the risks of the legal highs are?
We might not yet know the full risks of *any* drug, prescribed or not. What I'm certain of though is that we don't know the risks of any of the new legal highs. How can we when they are being released at a rate of two a week? Tetrazepam was tested, and on sale for decades I believe, yet now it's banned in the EU. How can a government legalise the new highs, only to find out in a few years that everyone who took it is terminally ill? I think it's pragmatic to decriminalise and control the conventional drugs, but I think we need to be very cautious with the new laboratory created drugs.
But this was '89. The internet wasn't about, and certainly not in China. My suspicion is that the authorities dealt with him. He made a mockery of the Chinese.
Who's is it? Our schools? Our military? Our NHS? All sound perfectly acceptable to me.
That's odd, my experience couldn't be more different.
It demonstrates a serious amount of misunderstanding to try an insult someone in this manner, and I find it quite worrying that people who, I presume, consider themselves to be politically aware, could cast such inaccurate aspersions. I understand that certain sections of the media enjoy portraying UKIP in a negative light, but that it actually translates into popular opinion is very disheartening.
It's slightly dated, but unless things have changed recently, it's quite different to the rest of London. http://www.parliament.uk/documents/foi/House-of-Lords-FOI/FOI-978/Menus-and-bar-tariffs-Feb-2013.pdf Page 11. £2.60 for a Carlsberg.
I'm surprised by some of the stories I've heard here. I can give as often as possible with no problems at all. The staff are friendly, appreciative and efficient. I had no idea it varied so much.
I didn't know about that. It's strange that the blood donation place doesn't even mention it. I've had a look, and my nearest is about a 70 mile round trip. Hmmm...
Again, I'm really surprised by their attitude. It's the first time I've ever seen negative stories about donating, and the woman you spoke to clearly wasn't cut out for her job. I'd just like to pick up on something though. You say that donating "is in no way, shape or form a favour you are doing for me", and you are partially right, but given that the uses for donations are Surgical, Haematology, Gastro intestinal bleeding, Anaemia and Maternity, in that order, it's unlikely that someone you care about hasn't benefited from donations. I'm thinking about linking this thread to the NHS. The reason for the decline in donations might be more complex than they thought.
He could always use his freedom of movement.
I think that all major hospitals should have blood donating areas, however I can only imagine that it's been thought of previously, and, for whatever reason, it isn't practical. It's a good idea though. How come you missed work for a whole day? Was your work quite physical? Personally I always make sure that I have a really good meal the night before I'm going to donate, and know what I'm going to eat when I get home again. A sandwich would be nice, but I guess it would be more money, and I'm not sure how much of an incentive it would be anyway. Tea and ginger nuts for me please. A pop-up donor van does seem like it would be quite popular. Move it every day, and park up in high footfall areas like train stations.
Don't think it is. Neil said he didn't make it I believe. Richard Biggs. Bit of a knob imo.
Probably already has. Check iplayer.
A carbonated penalty?
I think it's a very fine balancing act for the NHS. Anything less that 100% occupancy is a waste of their time, and I guess that to achieve 100% you have to book in 110% of donors, much like the airlines do. I know that it leads to some frustration when you can't do a walk-in, but I suppose that it's better than dozens of anecdotes about the NHS staff sitting around doing nothing.
&gt; However if there's ever going to be a situation which warrants it, then this must be it. Why? It's deeply, deeply offensive, and I sincerely hope that whoever wrote that has had a life ending accident by now, but it's *only* an insult. The Nevilles don't deserve that sort of abuse from anyone, but it simply isn't a police matter. &gt;Those of us who would normally say the police shouldn't get involved in these kinds of things - are you having second thoughts when it's this bad? No. If it's a physical threat, yes, but this isn't. The police can't monitor shades of insults, and if they did, I feel, sadly, that they would get more wrong than they do right. What's the solution? Well, after a pub visit, here's my best effort. An Internet Offence Panel. The IOP (easy to type too), would award points to the victims from 1 to 10. A one gives you the the address and name of the offender, and the right to throw a custard pie in their face. A 10 gives you the right to do what ever you like to the offender that isn't death. Occasionally someone might be granted an 11, like Spinal Tap. Please don't try to get the police involved in what's tasteful, insulting, humours or offensive. It just wouldn't work.
There was no hate crime. A hate crime has to involve a level of violence.
Please highlight the offence.
No, sadly they didn't. *threatening behaviour* - There were no threats *assault* - There was no assault *robbery* - No theft *damage to property* - No damage *inciting others to commit hate crimes* - No incitment *harassment* - No harassment, just a deeply unpleasant opinion. Offensive? With no doubt, but it's not a police matter.
Sorry, I thought that was a given. I thought the discussion was about insults like "*Phil Neville's daughter is a spastic, she's a Cyclops and she has eight toes*". Is this thread really about the death and rape threats? It's a given that the police should be involved in them, as they already are, and I think it's you who got a bit confused as to what the OP said, *"Those of us who would normally say the police shouldn't get involved in these kinds of things - are you having second thoughts when it's this bad?"*. That was the core of the debate. As I see it, it's the level of insult and accountability that's the subject.
Because they need more blood, hence the appeal. The main complaint here seems to be that the times are inconvenient. It wouldn't be instead of mobile units, but in addition to them.
It's reminded me of someone at school who used to sell 'pizza' at lunchtime. Toast. Tomato purée. Cheese. Grilled. It wasn't bad really.
You're welcome. Please don't link this thread to Noma. I know they have been looking for it for years.
I think what would happen is that we'd see a massive rise in crime.
I believe that it's actually your duty to take any boat back to where it came from if it's not seaworthy and in international waters.
&gt; All because they have broken international law does not mean we should It's not against international law, in fact it's exactly what Italy used to do until 2011 when they introduced their Mare Nostrum law. Given the figures since then, I don't think that there's and doubt at all that Mare Nostrum encouraged thousands more to try and make the journey, as the chances of success where greatly increased.
&gt; If you get caught and get dumped back at the official port (which is equipped to house people) where's the incentive to risk death. Many of these people have zero chance of being granted asylum because they come from *relatively* stable countries. Why would they go through the official channels with no chance of being granted asylum?
But your idea would make sod all difference. If you have a legitimate claim for asylum, you go through your Libyan based immigration control. If you don't have a legitimate claim for asylum, you pay someone a huge amount of money on a deserted beach with 200 other people to go in a dilapidated boat. What needs to change is the Italian's Mare Nostrum law. Although I have no doubt that it was created with good intentions, it's actually ended up being responsible for the death of thousands.
&gt; And my system also would take passengers from such boats back to the immigration centre/refugee camp. It's not perfect, but I just can't see a way to halt the current situation without fixing the situation in Libya to some degree. And after that? We don't know where they're from, so they would just be in limbo forever. Why create that burden for ourselves when we could reduce the incentive to make the journey? What we need to do is to remove the incentive to travel. It's not a matter of being in-compassionate, it's about having rules that deter people from taking ridiculous risks. If we don't do something I believe that this will continues for many years, much like the Calais camp situation.
Yup. It's such an odd number because we had to comply with EU regulation which set the limit at 90 KPH, about 57 MPH.
&gt; For example, the largest annual percentage increase in net migration in the UK in the last 25 years was between 1993 and 1994... but that doesn't tell us the whole story. Wow. What an incredibly disingenuous stat.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Better_Place Something similar failed, but that might be because it was a bit premature.
Are those really oysters in the second picture? They look like oysters, but oysters on steroids. I love oysters, but I'd want a knife and fork to eat them.
I was watching someone on TV the other day who claimed that the NHS doesn't buy centrally, meaning that they don't exploit the huge purchasing power that they could have. It's incredible that an organisation with as many highly paid staff as they have, is overlooking one of the most fundamental cost cutting measures available.
Nice. I wonder where the furthest point is where you can still see the Shard?
Same here, but it was two episodes.
I don't see it as a party issue. It's not as if the NHS, or many other government organisations, have been run particularly efficiently under either party. It's an interesting point to remember when the subject of decentralisation comes up though.
And so they should. The strange thing is how out of step the NHS are with modern business. It's not a revelation that central purchasing power is more efficient. It's how supermarkets, and many other businesses have been operating for decades. Now we have Lord Carter talking as if he's just discovered gravity. Any half decent mid-management guy from a procurement and logistics background could highlight their errors, yet every few years the government sets up an investigation about how to make the NHS more efficient, only to find that the most fundamental issues are in chaos.
Perhaps just a deposit? £10 which won't get taken from your card if you turn up.
So what Lord Carter is suggesting is illegal?
The contracts must have an expiry date, so we just don't renew them. It was over a year ago that Jeremy Hunt came out with [the same idea as Carter](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27179905), and yet here we are in exactly the same position we were a year ago. I'm sure that it's perfectly possible, although it may take a while to implement.
Eh? &gt;The UK ranks #2 overall. Either way, the discussion is about wasted funds. It doesn't matter if we're 1st if we are wasting billions every year.
Yes it is. That's why Jeremy Hunt said exactly the same as Carter last year.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3123036/Rolf-Harris-s-vile-jail-song-shock-letter-cell-shamed-star-reveals-country-rock-lyrics-damn-sex-victims-greedy-wenches-brags-cushy-prison-life.html
I'm all for EVs of every type, but I do object to this. &gt;The new fleet has been made possible by Green Bus Funding (approx £566k) which was awarded to First Bus by the Department for Transport. Why are tax payers paying for this? First Bus is a plc. I don't see why they should be subsidised by the tax payer.
I should imagine you're right, but I'm still not comfortable with it. Companies should buy their own stock. Just a thought, but if you owned a fleet of diesel buses, would you go out and buy new ones, or wait for a call from the Green Bus Fund offering to buy them for you? I think it would make more sense to tell all the companies that they have X years to switch over.
People seem to think that if you can join the forces, you should be allowed to vote, [but recently the wisdom of letting 16 year olds join has come under question](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jun/21/war-veterans-call-for-britain-to-stop-enlisting-teenage-soldiers). If it was agreed that you need to be 18 to join the forces, I wonder if we would see the end of the calls to vote at 16.
&gt;Westminster uses them to defend "national security" So did the Stasi and KGB.
And at 10 you can be arrested, and if you are 17 you can't go to an adult prison. I think it's irrelevant what you can do at what age. The age of suffrage, and anything else for that matter, has to be decided on it's own merits.
&gt; Voting is a right, derived from the principle of taxation = representation I don't think that's correct. 'No taxation without representation' came from the early days of the US. I'm not sure that the same principal has been used in earnest over here.
That's brilliant. Fuck you autocorrect.
&gt; Not mandatory, but I do support compulsory voting. mandatory ˈmandət(ə)ri/ adjective adjective: mandatory 1. required by law or mandate; compulsory.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita Not really. I'm sure the emergency services had a wonderful NY looking after you OP.
&gt;These bad polls may have affected how people voted, they may have damaged democracy It's your choice as to how much credence you give them. If you let them influence your decision *that* much, I question your value as a voter. As for the 'damaged democracy', I award you the r/ukpol 2016 Histrionics Prize. &gt;In 2016 we will have the results of the BPC inquiry He talks about it as if it's some national disaster. It's not. It's an industry highlighting their true value. They don't fucking know anything. No one does. If there were pollsters who were exceptionally good, they wouldn't be spending day after day on the streets with a clipboard asking the public questions, in fact they wouldn't be pollsters. Instead they would be making a killing at the bookies at 7/1 that Dave has an outright. I think that the article highlights a real problem. Public opinion. Specifically that public opinion is that pollsters are held in high esteem. It's an educated guess, nothing more.
&gt; because of a flaw in polling methodology we first saw back in the 90s. Are you actually going to answer this?
When you say 'dodging', do you mean evasion or avoidance?
The Telegraph is suggesting that over 2,000 letters were sent in support of Ball, from every sector of the establishment. I find it very disconcerting.
&gt;"Ex-archbishop George Carey said Peter Ball was in "torment" as a result of a police investigation" That's not just character reference.
From July last year?
I'd guess that there used to be sinks there.
In what way is it better than a kit car? It *is* a kit car.
Smolensky said that they would be back 12 years ago. The longer that they are not back, the harder it will be for them to get back. Their customer base has moved on, and many of the newer prospective buyers are simply not aware of TVR, especially outside the UK. I don't mean to sound cynical, but British small manufacturers have a hard time without being out of the loop for over a decade. Many of the loyal customers now want a more comfortable car with seats for their kids. The glory days of TVR were when they made Al Melling's Speed Eight. It was an era when they made unique, quirky, and ascetically stunning cars. I'm not sure that making a body and chassis with a tuned US V8 will really draw that much attention, partially because the competition has advanced so much, and the current audience are simply unaware TVR. I love almost all the low volume UK manufacturers, but that doesn't mean that they will be successful. As I understand it, Lotus are still living hand-to-mouth, Morgan had a remarkable turnaround due to a brilliant marketing move, and Ginetta seem to survive on a race series. I've still not seen a single G40R on the road. I wish TVR all the best, but to be honest, I think they should take heed of what happened to Wiesmann, who, in my opinion, made *vastly* superior cars. If TVR really pull it off for sub £50k, they *might* do it, but in an age where EVs and hybrids are starting to dominate the high performance sector, I have my serious doubts. I honestly wish TVR all the best. They are legendary.
&gt;TVR is indeed 'back,' and has already sold the full production run of their first car. Well, they would say that, wouldn't they? I have immense respect for Gordon Murray, he's achieved incredible things, but where is the T25? Where is iStream? Are *any* manufacturers using his system? I think one company in India considered it, but I'm not sure it was ever implemented. Conceptually he's leagues ahead of anyone else, but since he left F1 a decade ago nothing seems to have materialised. &gt;It's a staggering jump forward for them Going from their own chassis, body *and* engine design and being a truly independent manufacturer, to using a mass production engine in their cars is a "staggering jump forward"? It's not really is it. It's a step back if anything, and what they are trying to do now is exactly what Wiesmann tried. Admittedly TVR has a deeper heritage than Wiesmann, but I don't think that alone will be enough for them to survive. &gt;and the opportunity to own a car with that sort of pedigree was understandbly irresistible. Yet the public have resisted *exactly* that temptation from *many* dozen of manufacturers who've tried to re-invent themselves in the past. &gt;This success will have the automotive world looking forward to the next offering they have planned. I really hope you're right. I think that their lack of ambition on the technology front though will leave people feeling numb. If it was an EV/Hybrid with the promise of more advanced technology in the future, I'd agree, but what are they offering? A big lump of a V engine on a light chassis? The Bentley Blower did that 90 years ago. I'm far more excited to see what happens to a £55k next generation Tesla than I am about the next generation £50k TVR, and that's presuming that it actually *is* £50k. I can't think of a successful UK manufacturer who's unique selling point is a fucking big engine. In fact I can't think of a UK manufacturer who's selling point is purely power. Ariel, Ginetta, Caterham and Lotus is all about handling. I know I sound like a doom-monger, but it's exceptionally difficult to revive a brand, regardless of heritage, but even more so if you ignore current trends. Edit: Just realised we have a TVR owner here. Hopefully u/pdm0 will comment.
I almost feel like buying some Reddit gold.
Step 1. Cut off her hands so she can't scrub anything. Step 2. Rebuild your relationship and the tea staining on your mug simultaneously.
&gt; The F-Type R is all about a massive engine, it's doing all right. I know Jag aren't a boutique sports car maker. The markets for an F and a TVR are a *million* miles apart. Funnily enough, I was going to mention Jaguar earlier about how manufacturers have to repackage and rebrand occasionally, and how Jaguar was really going to go to the wall when all they had was the X and S models (retro XJ and Mk2), and how they managed to survive by recognising all their faults. &gt; All the points you make are valid. Especially reviving a sports car brand now, as we seem to be transitioning into a new hybrid performance era. I honestly hope that what you're saying is right, and that I'm wrong, but I can name so many UK sport car manufacturers who are no longer. The only ones who exist now are light and have a small engine with good output, which isn't the direction TVR are going. We've yet to see what happens to Bristol Cars does, but I'd love to see a new Fighter.
Thanks for commenting, and personally I think many 'traditional' owners such as yourself will feel the same.
&gt; You keep saying 'I hope,' and 'We'll see,' as if nothing has happened. TVR was reconstructed some time ago under new ownership, and rather than bragging about what they wanted to do, they just shut up and developed a car. What car? The one in the picture that's a rendered image from Autocar magazine? When one becomes road registered I'll raise a drink to TVR.
&gt;How would they prove it? http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2009/oct/20/bnp-membership-list-wikileaks
There isn't another list. What else could they use?
I'm sure UKIP use social media too. Obviously it's not going to be foolproof, but if they do discover that you were a member of the BNP you will get kicked out.
I think you're getting confused with Indonesia.
So is coffee.
I think you'd need a bitterness to it too. This might work, or it might not. http://www.flavourart.co.uk/flavour-enhancers.html There are hop vapes available. http://frontiervapor.com/hop-harvest There's already an IPA out there, although I don't know how good it is. http://thedailyvapeshop.com/product/royal-flush-the-joker/
To be honest I'm surprised that this is still an issue.
&gt; I'd like to point out that I've read popcorn lung never was causally associated with diacetyl in those factories http://www.medicinenet.com/popcorn_lung_symptoms_and_causes/views.htm I think an association was made, but I don't think people who smoke have been affected with it. I'd try to avoid it because it's easy to do so.
That's exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for. Thanks. Any more suggestions anyone?
The government won't be able to specify that they are French made cars due to EU law. I can see an argument for incentivising the sale of EVs by offering a lower rate of VAT, for example, but I don't like it when a state uses public money to push their agenda, while only benefiting a particular section of the public. EVs need to be selected and purchased on their own merit. As /u/bluenation_tesla said, I think it would be far better spent on infrastructure.
Isn't it? Ok, it won't increase by 10k, but we've seen what happens when the government subsidise stuff like this. The UK had a car scrappage scheme a few years ago. What Car? magazine found that manufacturers just raised their prices. http://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/cars/article-1690128/Car-scrappage-scheme-used-to-drive-up-prices.html The same is likely to happen here.
I'm not sure it really does make sense if you're the government. Oil revenues are massive for European governments, with the UK government taking over £30Bn in Fuel Duty and VED. With EVs, and low or zero VED, the government are going to have a massive void to fill.
Many thanks. Just ordered one.
Many thanks. Just ordered one.
Many thanks. Just ordered one.
I've gone for the 3ml one, which I believe is closer to 3.5ml. I'm only looking at something like 1.3ohm as I want it to be an out all night setup, and I'll take a spare battery. I had a look at the wicking on YT, and I'm 50/50 on a single/dual coil as I want to be economical on juice too, no point in going out with a pocket full of batteries and ending up empty on juice! The whole thing is a bit of an experiment really, I just want a *really* small vape, and many thanks to all those who pointed me in the right direction. It's much appreciated.
Yeah, the screw fill does look like a pain, but liveable. To be honest, I use 24mg at the moment, which I know most here will find absurd, and I think I might go up to 36mg when I go out for a night so I use less puffs. It's not easy quitting after 35 years on the smokes. I did try a couple of years ago on 12mg and a shit battery that would let me down after a couple of hours on a night out, so I'd buy a packet, but this time I don't really care what I buy or use as long as I don't go back to the dark side! Vaping has changed so much in the past 18 months or so, and it's really wonderful to see. I've been out of the loop for a while, and now the gear out there is so much easier to live with. Thanks for you advice mate, it really is appreciated.
I won't be sub ohming, I'll build a 1.4ohm coil, or two. The whole idea is build something I can get a stupidly high nic hit from that'll last for as long as possible. Subohming has never really been an attraction for me, although when I've tried a friends setup, I was taken back with how smooth it was, but smooth isn't what I'm after, in fact I really want something a bit harsh. I do like a bit of throat hit!
&gt; i don't know what the best way to deal with this situation is. Legalise the conventional drugs, which will remove the need for legal highs. We really don't know what's in legal highs, but we do know that little, if any, research is done on them. We don't know if regular use might cause a serious problem, for example, blindness. Compare it with the French clinical tests recently. They must have undergone some fairly strict testing to be tested on humans, yet it went horribly wrong leaving one dead and 3 brain damaged. I know people who work in the emergency services, and generally they know what to do when called out to deal with someone, but when you have no idea what they've taken it's very difficult to help them. Legalise, regulate, monitor and tax our conventional drugs and, I'd hope, illegal highs would dissapear, while deaths from conventional drugs will probably also decrease. Meanwhile, have quite a harsh punishment for selling 'legal highs'.
&gt;Mr McDonnell is also considering adopting the Italian government's policy of offering funding to help employee-owned enterprises to get off the ground. Without implimenting this, they already have the right to buy, as long as they can afford it. It sounds like empty rhetoric.
In which case you have two matching bids. I know of a local company that was sold to the employees, but was the choice of the owner. He shouldn't be pressured into selling to one particular party, and given that he would have inside knowledge of how the company would be run, he *might* have good reason to be wary of selling to a particular group. It would be unworkable anyway. If another company was interested in buying out a company, and the owner really wasn't interested in selling to the employees for whatever reason, they could probably offer a attraction such as a Directorship or a minimum share holding which the employees consortium probably couldn't compete with. It would also be very difficult to place a tangible value on such an asset, meaning the deal would have to go to arbitration which could take a very long time, and be very expensive. Companies are sold to employees at present, but forcing people to sell something they own to someone who they aren't happy to sell to doesn't seem very progressive.
It's not. &gt;Mr McDonnell is **also** considering adopting the Italian government's policy of offering funding to help employee-owned enterprises to get off the ground.
The difference is that companies would be obliged to offer their workers to buy them out by equalling any other offers. Did you read the article?
&gt; Yes, in order for them to operate as a traditional business. One of them, or indeed a board of them, as executives employing people below them, and simply rehashing the structure of their former employer. &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; This isn't a worker-owned business, though. It's still backed by outside capital rather than worker capital, and so still would have to answer to the same people and have a share of their profits leave the company to these backers. I agree, and the chances are that it would be middle and upper managment who would take advantage of this more often than not, not the shop floor workers. As I said, it's not really workable. &gt; While plausible, I have two issues with this. The first is that there exists a parallel within existing, traditional businesses in which a person who has been at a company a long time deliberately underperforms knowing that they will receive a big pay-out upon dismissal. In any form of business you are going to have free-riders and self-interested parties, but that's not reason enough to not make these ventures in the first place. Having one slacker is wholly different to having your entire workforce, who *were* efficient, deciding that they'll run the ship onto the rocks. &gt;Secondly, either the workers in this situation would be fired or they would damage their company to such a degree that it would be a worthless investment. I just don't see this ever being a rational move on the part of workers. That's the whole point. They *know* that they are capable of running the company, so they decrease the company value by several times, buy it for less knowing that there will be little external interest, and then return to full throttle. I'm not saying it would be a likely or common occurrence, but if it's common knowledge that the boss will retire in 3 or 4 years, it's not impossible.
If there's no postal address on a web site, I never order from them.
I started a thread a while back asking for what good local juices there are. https://www.reddit.com/r/ecr_eu/comments/2htxcp/what_is_the_best_juice_from_your_country/ It was a while ago, so perhaps it's time to ask again.
&gt; It may have nothing to do with the gospel message but there's something to be said for Judeo-Christian values upon which western civilization is founded upon. Only if the people saying it actually believed in Judeo-Christian values. Unfortunately they are just using Judeo-Christian values to create division.
http://www.strongerin.co.uk/britain_is_stronger_in_europes_single_market
Probably so kids can use a stick and play a tune.
He's a bit of an idiot.
/r/watchitfortheplot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TS9B2d5s1E
I know. Depressing, isn't it.
50/50 18mg. Thanks.
Emissions.
So what if it's less than 200hp? It's the same engine that was used in the Transit, Mondeo and Jag X type. It's not a disaster of an engine. I'm not sure why you think they will have a German engine. JLR currently produces a 4 cylinder diesel, a 4 cylinder petrol and a V6 petrol, and they use one in the current Land Rover Discovery.
[The model had evolved over 67 years of production but it could not be adapted to meet new emissions rules, JLR said.](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-birmingham-24446070) Ford haven't used the ZSD-422 for eight yeas in European Mondeos.
I think it's a combination of things. Euro 7 emissions are due in 2020, and that along with possible new NCAP testing probably renders it impracticable to re-engineer to house a different engine. &gt;But it's used in a variety of other cars and vans. I don't think it's being used in any cars, at least not in Europe.
OK, JLR are talking out of their ass...
I think that would be fairly complex. Why not just turn it into an EV? http://www.evalbum.com/type/TRIU
Renault Spider Sport deserves a mention too.
I'd suggest starting at 24mg, which that site doesn't make.
The thing is that Seamus Milne is the one person who should be more aware of what not to say when the cameras are around. That's his job.
I think a lot of people feel the same way. He calls it heirloom socialism, and I think that's a superb term. It's the same Socialism that Michael Foot advocated, and it needs a makeover very badly.
Of course there must be a political balance, but relying on old school politics for the foundation of your political beliefs is madness. I think one of the problems for Corbyn is that he hasn't held any high office, and I think that he doesn't realise the importance of having highly intelligent, highly trained professionals to guide him. It appears that Corbyn chose Seumas Milne because he wanted to appoint someone who agreed with him politically, but it doesn't make him a good spin doctor, and that's because he's not a spin doctor, he's a journalist. I hate the culture of highly paid PR and strategy gurus, but you have no chance of surviving without them, and without them Corbyn has no chance of competing in the modern world.
Read about TTIP.
Or Renault Alpine GTAs, or Renault 5 Turbos, or Citroen DS. Sacrebleu!
Interesting rant. While it may not be very informed, and he may not be particularly well educated, it doesn't really matter. He's talking about the personal effect that immigration has on him, and I think a lot of people from certain areas feel exactly the same. It's sad that he feels that he actually has to state that he isn't a racist. I'd have thought that the effects of mass immigration in certain areas are clear to everyone by now, and he's right that the lower classes are hit hardest. What really concerns me though is that when people feel as disenfranchised as he clearly is, they tend to vote for more extreme parties. Austria just avoided getting Hofer, but how long before parties like FPO do start to win?
So what colour are you thinking?
Bits are, but generally not. France has much lower population density, so most of it is cleaner, but then some of the outskirts of Paris are complete dumps.
https://www.planetofthevapes.co.uk/forums/new-users-corner/new-user-questions-and-discussion/threads/beginner-starter-kits-for-under-%C2%A330.104122/ I'd go for the AOI or T18 or T22. Can't help with the shops.
I'm sure that happens. http://offthekerb.co.uk/ Have a look at their clients. They must do a *lot* of work for panel shows.
&gt; Strictly speaking Nepotism is using a family member to get a job Did you read my post?!! &gt;P.S. I know I didn't use the term 'nepotism' in it's purest form. &gt;The phenomena you're referring to is really the re-use of existing talent rather than the development of new talent, and it's not just entertainment industries that have this problem. Of course it's not just TV, but I feel that the TV industry is one of the largest offenders, and it's certainly the most obvious. I had a quiet day yesterday, and afternoon TV seemed to be full of it. I've just checked now, and this afternoon at 2:15 you could have watched a programme called 'For What It's Worth', hosted by Fern Britton on BBC1, or on BBC2 at the same time you could have watched 'The Big Allotment Challenge', hosted by Fern Britton. The other point is that while it may happen in other industries, with regard to the BBC, we don't pay for them. I don't care if the local builder's merchant employs his son and his niece, but the BBC should try a little harder. There's plenty of talent out there, and not only would it be more interesting if they reached a bit further, it might also be cheaper.
*AIO. Doh.
Own Jones - 'Too much scare-mongering' Two minutes later, - 'The Tories will send everyone down the mines with stale bread and half a cup of water.'
*"Oil company announces the delivery of new artificial reef."*
Or you go to the pub, and pick up a wingsuit suit and GoPro on the way home.
&gt; You still get drugs companies going into hospitals and bribing registrars by sending them on all expenses paid holidays training days Is that true? I'm not saying that I don't believe it, but that's crazy. All products for the NHS should be purchased centrally. The supermarkets have a dozen or so main distribution centres, and the NHS should take note. It's odd that they are so poor on goods in, yet blood transfusion, I believe, really is national.
That's very odd. I've only tried DTL a couple of times, but I got no tastes on inhale, in fact I was wondering if it was working at all, and then on exhale I got a bit of flavour, and a fucking huge cloud. It was like one of those times when I'd inhaled helium, and then turned to my friends and said "I don't think this is going to work" in a really high pitched voice. Generally I think MTL is acknowledged to deliver better flavour, so it's odd that you feel otherwise. I'm not saying that you're wrong, but it's interesting how many vapers there are, and how few get the same benefit from a certain setup.
I hate to tell you, but Dave died last night. A conifer pulled out on him. It's on Youtube.
The EU is about 17% of all global trade. It simply doesn't have the clout they like to think it does, and most EU countries are as desperate for our trade as we are for theirs, if not more so. Play hardball of they wish, but it'll mean Germany loosing £90Bn of exports, and we lose £38Bn of exports to Germany. Can you really seeing that happening?
Yes. Google. [Global GDP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_European_Union) - US$107.5 [EU GDP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_European_Union) - US$18.5 17.2%
I know, but what's that got to do with anything? You asked for proof of the 17% figure and I gave it to you.
It's a shame that Hannan hasn't had a larger voice in the debate. I'd like to see Dave vs. Dan.
Fair enough, I wouldn't know, but I'd love to see him given the chance to put his opinion across to a wider audience from here on in.
I don't watch QT for entertainment.
Judging by what you've written, I think you are correct to abstain.
Why is this even being discussed? We *know* that Juncker has said that this isn't open to debate. You'd have to live in a fantasy world to think that *any* concessions will be handed to us after the referendum.
&gt; Why is Turkey joining being discussed? No idea. &gt; &gt; This is how the entire leave campaign has been run, this is just remain giving an idea of potential reform tactics. No, it's Remain talking absolute bollocks. Both sides have been guilty of it.
I think the whole campaign has been like that from both sides. Galloway? Really?
&gt; Three drive unit replacements in 40k miles I didn't realise they were like that. That's applauding, and I think it'll make people consider buying an 'out of warranty' used one. Thanks for the reply.
Yes, that's my point...
Surely that's only if you buy from Tesla.
He's off to be Mayor of Manchester isn't he?
All they could eat is steak. Juicy, thick steaks.
There's no achievement in a party being united on this issue, and if Lib Dems had more than a handful of MPs I'm sure they would be as divided as any other party.
In case you hadn't guessed, my post wasn't wholly serious, but either way, bees don't pollinate grass. They are generally wind pollinated.
As a Brit, when I see 'off the boat' on here I always expect something Jap. Is that a UK one? Very nice. What the plans for it?
The only one I've used with any success is hot glue. I find that pads can work, but tend to wobble when you're driving.
I think we're used to it. We have manifestos, yet a few years after the election we realise that much of it won't come to fruition.
&gt;But the Muslim Council of Britain, a prominent body representing the country's Muslim community, said it did not recognize the image of Muslim attitudes presented by the poll. ICM must have got it wrong then.
&gt; Well I already lived in Europe for several years, the plan was always to go back once I'd hit a couple of career milestones in London. Brussels?
Enjoy. :D
People are listening, but they don;t agree, partly because of idiotic scare mongering, like suggesting that the Calais borders will collapse.
I can't understand why they keep pushing RR onto TV. Every times she's on she makes a complete idiot of herself.
&gt; Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury And she still can't answer a simple question about the budget.
Will Young.
At this stage, I think *very* little, unless he says something really profound that the media pick up on. I don't think that's likely though, as the debates just seem to repeat the previous debate. In fact, I don't think that any debate serves much of a purpose now. The best arguments have been offered by both sides already.
Bragg is just another fool. To play the racist card is moronic. David Attenborough has concerns about the effects of overpopulation too, which is why he's a Patron of Population Matters, along with Joanna Lumley. I've never seen so many celebrities trying to race to the bottom.
No it wasn't, it's a picture of the realities of the situation.
What's that got to do with it? This is about how Bragg resorts to nasty and vindictive name calling with such ease.
&gt; brown migrants Interesting that you pick up on that. I don't think their colour is relevant. The situation would be exactly the same for most normal people if they were white Russians.
It really doesn't matter. What's important is people's perceptions, and if they feel that immigration is too high, it is. It's similar to judging an MP by asking him about the price of milk. I don't care if my MP knows how much it costs, I'll judge him on far more important matters than that.
Awful. :(
Brilliant. You should make some prints of that.
VX220 is perfect, but I don't think it made it to the US.
Where did the Nazi comparison come from? I haven't seen the black and white pictures before.
He should be ashamed of himself.
I'm not sure, but I guess that it's possible that the police will have additional powers if it's an act of terrorism, making it easier for them to present a convincing case to the CPS.
It won't take 3 hours to drive 7 miles? That's good news.
Is that where it's from? It wasn't actually Nazi propaganda? I shouldn't be surprised. This referendum campaign is turning into an absolute shitstorm.
The list of people and organisations that I've lost respect for since the campaigning started is astounding. &gt;What has made Britain Great is its diversity. The country is becoming divided by hysteria and malice, with angry rhetoric becoming a standard feature of political debate. Leave would result in the end of diversity? Of course not, and the irony of trying to label anyone hysterical after you come out with a statement like that is just laughable. It's an incredibly dumb thing to say, but worse than that, it's in very poor taste to use the murder of an MP to try to promote your own personal agenda. I thought he was brighter than this.
'Muslim country tells refugees to fuck off.'
&gt;Deadline: 2 September 2016. All petitions run for 6 months.
Not in a million years would I try to defend the organisation Britain First, but to suggest that we shouldn't make our own interests our priority in the way that you have is just idiotic. No one is going to look at those pictures and feel that it's correct that those people are in that situation, but any and every nation has to fend for it's self. If it doesn't it won't be in a position to ever offer foreign aid to those who need it.
'Man who tries to politically influence people with his writings complains about people who try to politically influence people with their writings.'
Who should be held accountable? The press? Did they say that you should assassinate your local MP?
It's just incredible what BF ignores, or just doesn't know about. I have a feeling that it's ignorance. It's very easy to be the poster boy, and a lot harder to understand the consequences of trade tariffs.
I guess we'll roughly know at about 3 or 4am. That's because I'm an expert in having a random guess.
It's interesting to compare this to the [Pew report](http://www.politico.eu/article/poll-the-eu-is-bad-news-but-britain-shouldnt-leave-it/) from a couple of weeks ago. Ok, what was asked isn't exactly the same, but I think it's safe to presume that both France and Greece would be likely to exit, and it's quite divided in Spain, Germany and the Netherlands.
"[That's why we don't film in Switzerland](https://youtu.be/lUF-N8BsBmU?t=307)."
That's Chef's Vapour. Vapor Chef is a US company.
Not really. http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/pm_2016-06-07_brexit-00/ Click on '4' if it doesn't come up. Over time popularity for the EU is in decline. In 5 years time I expect that many countries would exit if they had a chance in a referendum. We know the direction Juncker wants to take us, and I think that most Europeans will not be happy about it.
It took me a while to work out. :)
From Mexico? From South Korea? No, it's the same as the EU. We can get those sorts of agreements everywhere, like Chile have done. We can trade with the rest of the world as easily as we can with the EU if we have the freedom to do so. What do you think Britain was built on? It was trading, and that's what our future should rely on. *Global* trade.
u/newsens, I'm intrigued to learn about you because I have never seen anyone as wholly opposed to any country as you are to Israel. How old are you? Are you Arabic? Are you Muslim? Are you male or female? What nationality are you? Where were you born? What was your education? Where do you live? How old are you? Have you ever been to Israel? You seem to be am angry ball of hatred, and normally I'd despise someone like yourself, but your incessant postings lead me to believe that you are either very disturbed, or a bot.
It doesn't worry me, I'm not your psychologist. I'm just interested. I didn't really expect an answer that made sense, and you delivered.
I spoke to someone recently who said "I'm Stay, not sure why though." I wish that they wouldn't bother.
I have a feeling that we are going to see calls for referendums in several countries in the coming years.
168 doctors? Impressive.
&gt; I personally believe vaping should be banned in the same circumstances normal cigarettes are banned So do 99% of vapers. Unfortunately there's always the odd vapehole.
If anything, I think it shows how messed up the EU is.
&gt; living here for 20 years without being able to afford citizenship (which costs £1000 If you've been living here for 20 years, and you still can't scrape a grand together, I'd question what value you are to the country.
I find it strange that people who regularly comment on political matters are now having these epiphanies and are switching side. Warsi is the same. Have you really only just discovered something in the past couple of days that has changed your mind? If that's the case, perhaps you should take a break and sort out your political beliefs before you try to convince others that your view is correct. Same with Cameron and Sajid Javid and dozens of self-serving politicians, journalists and commentators who seems to change direction with the wind.
Send Kerry McCarthy a tweet. She'll tell you.
I thought she said that, but she couldn't have...
10m votes and 100k difference. Incredible.
300k lead
Cheap exports = more jobs.
Half of the counts in
9/1 bet365!
Mafia!!!
omg nige, don;t be wrong, pleeeease
Leave 1/20 now
Britain's Obama
Birmingham going leave? really?
Someone did that? crazy
BBC announce Leave win
Wtf? Now john says he knew it all along after sitting on the fence all night?
What are the last 50 areas doing ffs?!!
Dave making a statement soon?
Denmark, France, Holland. After that, there is no EU.
And 1,000,000. I think that's a convincing victory.
A country telling the EU that they intend to leave.
That's brilliant. The thing is, if he took the Leave side he would have won, and people would have a lot more respect for him. JC has been touted as a principled man who calls a spade a spade. Turns out he's gutless and doesn't stand up for his beliefs at all.
I didn't need to read his mind, his voting record speaks for it's self. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jeremy-corbyn-eu-europe-bankers-europe-eurosceptic-ukip-10507381.html
I think it does prove something. JC is cynical of the EU, and given his political position that makes perfect sense. I thought that was widely acknowledged. He also said this: &gt;The European Union has always suffered a serious democratic deficit and the new positions would make the situation even worse. For all the talk of the new leader’s “election,” the situation is more akin to the College of Cardinals electing a new Pope. The 25 heads of government will meet and agree by a majority who the new president will be. Thus, 13 heads of government can elect a president for the entire continent. The European Parliament will have no say, national parliaments will have no say and perish the thought that the people should have any say. &gt;The creation of the post of president is a triumph for the tenacity of the European long-sighters. The project has always been to create a huge free-market Europe, with ever-limiting powers for national parliaments and an increasingly powerful common foreign and security policy.The proposed European constitution met a swift end when it was rejected in France by people concerned about the marketisation of Europe and the explicit limiting of the public enterprise role of national governments. But the European council of ministers was undeterred. It set about creating the much more innocuous-sounding Lisbon Treaty. http://labourlist.org/2009/10/theres-no-place-for-blair-as-european-president/
I think it's an illustration of how much people value their democracy.
ffs....
Not at all. He was only allowed to perform in 27 other countries until now. Now he can learn Malay and do gigs out there. Do Malaysia have a Question Time?
I haven't read anything yet that suggests that there's a time limit until we do evoke 50. It might make sense to wait 2 or 3 years until we do. Then we have 2 years until we leave. I know that it'll annoy the EU massively, but the ball is in our court.
Spoke to some people earlier. I'm not on FB, but apparently there were family members calling others racists and bigots, threats of 'unfriending' people, all sorts of nastyness and allegations being thrown about. It's very sad.
&gt;Let us stay and fight for pragmatic, better and more sustainable European solutions Completely agree. And once the EU is dead and buried, that's exactly what should happen.
&gt; Overnight, my generation has lost the right to call ourselves Europeans Britain is no longer in European? Is it Asian now? I never knew.
Plenty of free trade agreements without free movement of labour. The EU has one with South Korea, amongst many. That's all we need.
I tend to agree, and it would be the most gentlemanly thing to do, but if we find out over the next month or two that we can lay the foundation of trade agreements with dozens of valuable countries, and it gives us additional breathing space, why sacrifice the chance? It's not as if the EU has been particularity civil to us. We don't owe them anything, and we're on a new path and we need to prepare as thoroughly as possible. It's the duty of our government to provide the best for our citizens, and if the EU didn't make it clear that after an exit referendum the country had to present their Article 50 as soon as possible, that's their problem. Fuck them. They are an organisation that thrives on bureaucracy. It's their raison d'etre, and if they can't get their rules straight that's not our problem.
And if it was just the EEC it would look similar to '75.
I think he's politely telling you that you come across as a massive cock.
Bless you. I'm sure that in real life you're lovely. Perhaps expressing yourself on the internet isn't your strong point?
Why not Chile? Why not a South Korea? Why not a Mexico? All of them have free trade and there's no free movement of people, and no members fees. Why should the EU penalise us purely based on location? If we happened to be in South America the EU would be perfectly happy to make a like-for-like agreement with us, but because we're off the coast of France we have to grease their palms? Accepting trade from everywhere is the current trend. The location shouldn't matter, and I think it flies in the face of the ethos of the EU to refuse an agreement similar to what they have with South Korea just because where we are. Last night Daniel Hannan said that the EU resembled the Mafia, and he's right if we have to pay 'membership' fees.
You agree that the EU discriminates depending upon location?!! The bastions of global trade and equality?! It's so ironic that I can't see how they can penalise us, and I don't know if that would even be legal under the WTO rules now. We don't need to a Norway or Switzerland. We need to be something new. We need to be a country that is of immense value that happens to be geographically located to many valuable markets. I may be wrong in my understanding, but I've seen nothing to suggest that South Korea has and obligations other than a free trade deal.
So if we were a single market, we couldn't be a service based economy?
This is something I am starting to question. &gt;Those with college degrees tended to opt for Remain, while people without them tended to opt for Leave. How many people with "college" degrees were there 30 years ago? Now almost everyone goes to higher education and gets a degree. The whole education system has changed, and I believe, devalued. 10% went to Uni in my day. Have we seen an influx of incredibly intelligent and astute people in the past few years? Not in my experience. Degrees are common place now, so please lets stop dismissing the more mature as being thick as pig shit, and praising the recent graduates as geniuses. It's just stupid.
Yeah, but that has to be our basis for negotiation in my opinion. If not, we'll take then to the ECHR....
The EU don't want us because we are Muslim....
Good article. The EU is deliberately confusing, and if it was more transparent people might have voted for it. Having a multi-layered clusterfuck is what the EU used protect themselves. I'm sure that there is a quote about being deliberately confusing from an EU official somewhere. It was part of the plan.
What do the rules say? As far as I'm aware there is no timescale, so we'll act in out own interests and what's best for the country.
Did I say that? We'll leave when it's right for *us*.
If someone really thinks that racism was the driving factor behind voting Leave, then they didn't understand the issues surrounding the referendum. They are best ignored.
If anyone does believe that I don't think there's much anyone could do to engage them in the electoral system.
I used to think that he was a bit of a thick twat. Now I realise that he's quite a nasty piece of work.
How can he pledge anything? It seems that the Indy used to try and make sense while it was in print. Now it's just making stuff up.
Highways Act 1980. Acting like fucking children.
I think the Lib Dems just lost 51.9% of the electorate.
Please stop these moronic petitions.
Juncker should absolutely NOT resign. He's the EU front man who's caused all this shit. He should be the one to explain to the Greeks and the Italians why Brexit has happened. The longer that Juncker is in public office, the more likely it is that he'll be held accountable. If he gets the boot, he's off the hook. To me, Juncker should not get an easy exit. He should be held accountable. I'm not saying that his actions were criminal, but they were, at best, negligent.
If it was 6 months until we got a new PM, wouldn't it be fair to give the new PM a year to get his shit together? That's 18 months.
I've already heard lots of complaints about Brexit influencing EU elections, but we have no responsibility for their election, and if waiting a few months means that a Euro-sceptic party gets a larger vote, I think that's full in our advantage.
As an adamant leave, I hope you are right. The EU will panic and withdraw all the political shit. We revert to a post-'93 situation. Win-win all round, but Juncker is such an egotistical fuckwit that he'd never allow that. His plans are obvious.
Interesting view, but I really can't be bothered with reading 17.4 million blogs telling me why they voted to leave, or 16.1 million blogs telling me why they voted to stay. It all seems a bit narcissistic.
When do you think Corbyn will get the hint?
&gt;Neither Abutalebi nor others detailed the exact reasons why Iran viewed the potential demise of European unity as a win for Iran. Nor can I.
&gt; What a load of crap the Indy is now I think they gave up trying when they stopped the print edition.
So the rest of the country don't care? What is a massive relief is that when Corbyn gets booted, he'll take Abbott with him.
I'm English. I'm very aware of what's happening. I think the problem is that you seem to think you know what's going to happen, while everyone else realises that it's all very undecided. And, for what it's worth, FTAs aren't based on geographical locations.
&gt;The EU makes trade deals with other countries all the time. I think that's one of the problems. [They *don't* make deals very often](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/European_Union_free_trade_agreements). Given that that's decades of work, I'd say they have been fairly slack in creating FTAs. South Africa, Mexico, Chile and South Korea. That's about it
You think that if he'd had full support of the PLP, Britain would now be backing Corbyn?
&gt;If young people were the most likely group to vote remain there should have been more encouragement from everyone to get them to vote. More encouragement? How? If you can't be bothered to vote in a two way vote that was too close to call, I don't feel that you'll ever be that interested. At the general election last year various policies obviously appealed to different age groups. With the referendum that didn't apply, and they still didn't vote.
&gt; politicians are shit. You think it's ever been different? If anything, the more shit it is, the more you should feel obliged to do something about it. [It was in Blair's era that it nosedived](http://imgur.com/a/aWoVM), so it's a relatively new trend.
I guess you registered this OP, as it's only just been registered?
The Thick Of It becomes non-fiction.
I don't think it's actually changed that much, but in recent years we've seen 'experts' make a complete balls-up of things. Experts told us we should join the Euro. Experts told us we needed to join the ERM. Experts told us the '15 election would be another coalition. And next week Chilcot will give us his opinion on some more 'experts'. In recent years we've seen a dramatic rise on the amount of 'experts' offering their opinion, and with more experts comes more varied views, and they can't all be correct.
"people over there aren't really smart..." Yeah, 52% of us are thick as pig shit. What a prick.
&gt;Blue Labour As in a resurrection of the Blair era?
His mascara might run. Andy 'Panda Eyes' Burnham.
Do what you want. That's the idea of a democracy.
The way it's going, David Miliband might be worth a shout.
What a stupid comparison. You'd have thought that, given some of the allegations that have been thrown at Labour over the past few months, he would just give a very neutral and soft statement, and say how pleased he is with the outcome of the enquiry. He just can't stop making an idiot of himself. Seumas Milne is either being ignored, or isn't doing his job properly.
Thanks. &gt; “Our Jewish friends are no more responsible for the actions of Israel or the Netanyahu Government than our Muslim friends are for those of various self-styled Islamic states or organisations. There is no comparison between ISIS and Israel, so why try to make one, even if it's indirect? *"Mr and Mrs Corbyn are no more responsible for the actions of Jeremy than Mr and Mrs Hitler are responsible for the actions of Adolf."* Why would you even say that? This is in an enquiry about anti-Semitism, and he makes an indirect comparison between ISIS and Israel? It's mind boggling, and what's really idiotic is that it would be easier to not say something like that, which will obviously draw criticism, than say it. It's like Basil Fawlty trying to not talk about the war.
Do you view the actions of Israel to be similar to those of ISIS? I don't, and nor does most of the world. The UN considers them a terrorist organisation, while Israel is actually a member of the UN. I'd expect most Jewish people to support the state of Israel, and I'd expect quite a few of them to state that they don't support some of their actions. On the other hand, I don't expect *any* Muslim to support ISIS. Why would I? Is Corbyn saying that Jews should be globally condemning Israel? It's either an incredibly clumsy statement, or he's even dumber than I thought.
I'm not baffled at all. Just sick of pricks who are way too far up their own arse.
Nor have I. &gt;"self-styled Islamic states or organisations" Would anyone say 'self-styled European states' or 'self-styled South American states'? I can't believe that people are questioning what he was referring to.
Happy New Year everyone. Apart from the shitposters, which is everyone.
I might have been lucky, but I have the old family set of Le Creuset (40+ years), and it was used and abused in every way possible, and it's still good. I didn't realise that there were any such concerns, but it's interesting to know that it can happen.
They would have sold them again. What would have happened if Ford bought Aston Martin? A marque can live beyond it's custodian.
XK140 I believe as it's got the deeper bumper than the 120 had, and it's split screen, unlike the 150.
I have a feeling that it's a 406, and someone has put a 'Ferrari' body kit on it because the 406 didn't have round lights. Why you'd do that and keep the Peugeot badge I have no idea.
Cut 'n shut. I'll pass thanks...
You can lose 1st gear if they are too short, but the novelty factor is great, for about a month. I had a Lotus 7 replica, and ended up using 2nd to pull away most of the time. It's obviously not the same weight as a Mustang, but then again, it doesn't have the same engine. 1st can be wasted if it's too short, but it's fun when you want to be a dick.
I understand, but it's from a different era. It's from the days of Frank Spencer and Frankie Howard, yet it's on at prime time. It's odd how the BBC tries to be so ground breaking on the one hand with BBC3, and then puts on MrBB at prime time. I'm waiting for the *hilarious* remake of The Young Ones with David Walliams, Matt Lucas, James Corden and Sanjeev Bhaskar. How we will laugh.....
Yes.
No, it was a 2001 Focus. It's an impressive car, but if you chopped 2ft off the front, it could be any SUV. Volvo? VW? To be honest, I know why Bentley did this, but I wish they hadn't.
£76 a litre?!!! http://www.darkstarvapour.co.uk/shop/72mg-nicotine/72mg-pg-nicotine £31 a litre here.
If the dealer has any sort of integrity he'll be perfectly happy to let you take a car of a lesser value. Go talk to him. A deposit is a deposit, but explain the situation, possibly slightly embellished, but as long as he's making a sale he should be accommodating.
It looks like a pub but it's cleaner. Much *much* cleaner. Good job. Oh, where are the beer pumps?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alfa_Romeo_Spider
It started with so much promise.
http://owners.honda.com/help/faqs
So it isn't racist to suggest that any more? I can't keep up.
It might already be scrapped, but phone your insurance company and ask where it is.
In the UK it varies. Some sit in the yard for months before they go to scrap. Just phone them. They expect people to collect their shit before it gets scrapped.
I'm not sure it's right to prosecute her. She seems a bit simple.
Probably best to let the judicial system decide that.
No, and nor is the Daily Mail, and the Communications Act is ambiguous as fuck. That's why all I can say about the case, after having read her blog, is that she's a complete fucking cretin.
Nice one Vince. You're about 6 months too late, but you got there eventually.
http://ecoluxshopdirect.co.uk/batteries-accessories/14650-batteries.html What do you want them for?
V6.
Why not get the Mega and use a 26650?
It's the same as your GF's, but one end is slightly wider to fit a 26650. http://www.eleafworld.com/istick-pico-mega-kit/ I got a Basen 4500mah battery for it, which is 1500mah more than the largest 18650, and you can USB charge it because it a single battery. Actually, I got it for the exact reasons you mention. :D
I'm confused as to why this is even being mentioned. Of course you'd try to let an ambulance through. It's in the Highway Code in the UK, and I even seem to remember someone being charged because they were being a cock and not letting one through. It's odd that this isn't normal practice globally.
Nor me. Stuff changes.
I guessed that it was an American phenomenon not to get out of the way, but why do you do that? The Highway Code, a UK driving training book, tells you to get out of the way. Personally, I'd deck anyone I saw block an emergency service, and in the UK I'd probably need to queue to do it.
Usually worth fractions of a penny/unit.
Reminds me of the earlier Jag XF with the strip behind the front wheels. The progress of the Koreans has been very constant, and I think that it won't be long before they are on par with the Japs, or anyone else for that matter. I think it looks great, very Mazda 6, but better.
How old are you?
I agree, but it's not a generation thing. Jap was a condescending term when I was younger, generated from sentiments of WW2, but as time passes the younger generation has adopted it again. Now it seems a delicate subject for precious little snowflakes. Thousands turn up to [JapFest](http://www.japfest.co.uk/) every year, but you mention Jap on Reddit and cause offence? Really? P.S. It *might* be a UK/US thing. In the UK Jap isn't seen as offensive, especially when talking about cars, or perhaps food. Perhaps it is still seem as a derogative term in the US.
I asked the age of the guy so I could put some perspective on how offensive it could be. I know the history of it. It's not an offensive term when you're talking about a car made in Japan, and I'm at a loss as to how many tossers there are here trying to twist it around to mean something that I clearly didn't mean, and if I did offend anyone, all I can do is offer to buy you an anal plug from Amazon to go and stick up your fucking ass.
&gt; No one here is offended Of course they are. If they weren't offended the subject would never have been raised. Too dumb. EDIT: I just realised it was YOU who tired to play the racist card. You're a fucking joke.
You have to understand that labelling someone as racist isn't always acceptable. If you can't, you're probably a bit of a fucking joke too.
Tell me why Jap is inappropriate. I know what's happened. You've been triggered by the word 'Jap'. You feel that you have to be morally superior by trying to correct me, but in reality you have zero understanding of context because while it might be a derogatory term in the US, it really isn't in the UK. So what you are doing is trying to apply what is easily digestible to your sensitive tastes to every one else on the forum. &gt;Who pissed in your cheerios? And now I doubt that you are even 25. Grow up.
&gt; Wait, so you expect me to explain my position but you refuse to explain yours? I didn't cast any aspersions. You did.
They all have them.
&gt;Who the hell are his staff members? Seamus Milne. A sort of Frank Spencer of politics.
Mild compared to being caught up in this when he was at the UN.
They do the same on the other side of the car, and it means you can park wherever you like.
If it was any other leader, I would suspect that yesterday was the beginning of the end.
I know nothing about stuff like this, but I'd have guessed that one rule would be "Don't stop under the anchor".
Yeah, I realise that, but they don't need to be positioned directly under the anchor. Extend or reduce the tow line so that if the anchor does drop, you're not right beneath it, or is that not possible?
Yes, they should have been pushing it a few meters either side of where they were. I really didn't think I'd need to explain. They should *never* be directly under an anchor, whether towing or pushing.
Sunday?!! Good luck.
What happens if Thundersnow happens at the same time as a Weather Bomb?
Nice idea, but what about fish?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_refugee_camps#List_of_camps There are loads.
I think he did that himself. He seems to have followed the lead set by Lily Allen and Izzard. Shame, I used to like him.
https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2015/sep/30/wide-range-of-cars-emit-more-pollution-in-real-driving-conditions-tests-show They're all at it.
&gt; At least his contribution is coherent As I read it, he's suggesting that Murdoch is some sort of press regulator. Am I missing something?
http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/learning/learn-about-the-weather/weather-phenomena/weather-bomb
I'm sure you get my point.
That's the 'super' part of super injunction.
&gt;You seemed to be saying that Murdoch wasn't a press regulator There's a massive difference between being **a** press regulator, and being **the** press regulator.
I didn't say otherwise, but that doesn't distract from the fact that what Lineker said was sensationalist bollocks. As we know, he has a vested interest in press regulation, but coming out with inaccurate and snide remarks on Twitter is a bit pathetic, and makes him look a bit of a knob imo.
I'm sure I've got a compass in my satnav. I guess a marine one would be the most accurate, and to honest, the phone compasses seem fairly poor.
&gt; Don't like people because they disagree with you? ffs
They aren't what they once were. If reliability was paramount, I'd stick to Asian cars.
http://www.pressgazette.co.uk/pcc-says-sun-pursuit-highly-intrusive-gary-lineker-story-was-not-harassment/
It's clearly a criticism of Murdoch, not all newspaper owners.
&gt; But since the papers define their own standards of conduct If they did that, there would never have been any ruling against the press by the PCC, but in fact many times the PCC ruled against the press. http://www.pcc.org.uk/case/resolved.html
&gt;"There are scores of us who would quit if we had another job to go to because we know that the party has no chance at the next election." Beware the ides of March and all that.
PaddyPower. * Labour 2/7 * UKIP 4/1 * Liberal Democrat 10/1 * Conservative 10/1 * Green 200/1 I'm not as confident as them that it'll be a Hold.
I can see why though.
&gt;Electing a female president :P
Yeah, I realise that. My point is that, although the press set their own standards, they have always been pulled up for indiscretions. Sometimes not very efficiently, hence IPSO, but there's always been a regulatory body, so I think it's slight harsh to call it a sham.
When? It's currently * Labour 1/2 * UKIP 5/2 * Liberal Democrat 7/1 * Conservative 9/1 * Green 200/1
No comeback u/ss0312? I expected more.
In the UK the Chrysler PT us known as the Twat. Very strange.
It's one of those ones that I'd put on the list, but your description of wood charcoal aroma and some random white sugar makes it sound like a one shot to me.
Ok, throw in some V1 custard and I'd be happy. Then again, I vape rabbit droppings, and I'm happy.
Probably a bad earth.
It's an odd trend. When I was their age and got into cars I opened the bonnet and fiddled with bits. Added electronic ignition. Fitted KC lamps. Replaced the clutch. Installed an amp. If I was getting into cars now, would it be so easy to do something similar? Not really. They are far too complex, and there's little that can be done with home maintenance. Even an injector can need to be coded into the system. I guess it's what car guys do now. It doesn't appeal to me, but each to their own.
I've no idea what to do. Finland have the freest press in the world. https://rsf.org/en/ranking# [But apparently their system wouldn't work over here](http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/the-only-way-is-ethics-finland-s-press-regulation-is-outstanding-but-it-just-wouldn-t-fit-britain-s-9538746.html). We had the Press Council, the PCC, IPSO, and now Impress. 70 years of press regulation, and we're still trying to find an effective way to regulate our press.
I'd stick to the Endura T18/T22, Aspire Pockex or Joytech AIO. Vaping is an odd thing. A popular mod is released, and people recommend that anyone and everyone should buy it. In reality though, a mod like that required and understanding of batteries, a battery charger, and at least 2 sets of batteries, and I'm not sure that's what you're looking for. In a couple of months, after something else is released, the Alien will be forgotten about, just like the Cuboid before it. I've no idea about the V2, but I've heard good things about the other 3. It's down to personal choice really, but I'd definitely stick to something with a built in battery.
It seems that the PCC ruled in favour of the average person quite often. http://www.pcc.org.uk/case/resolved.html
&gt; any talking head is going going to be implacably vested one way or another. And yet MM said that he wasn't there because he got busted. Everything you say is right though, and that's why I thought it was an interesting discussion. It was a press man vs. a 'victim'. Regardless of what MM says, would an ex-F1 guy be supporting Section 40 had he not been outed? I very much doubt it. F1, and therefore MM has used the press to their full advantage. It seems somewhat fickle to want to restrict the press now, but you've never expressed any concern to the disgraceful practices of the press that happened while the press were the lifeblood of your career. The most vocal supporters of Section 40 seem to be MM and Gary Lineker. Both used the press to their full advantage, and both have had conflicts with the press. &gt;Ultimately this is probably one of those issues that we're all going to have to work out for ourselves After 70 years can we actually work it out? I realise that the press are disgraceful on occasion, but personally I believe that if we have a press that does something as disgraceful as phone 'hacking', yet something as incredible as the MPs expenses scandal, we probably have it reasonably fairly balanced. Would you agree that a free press *will* result in convictions, and if it doesn't, they probably aren't digging as deeply as they could?
They could create a body that complies to the Press Recognition Panel, yet if they did that, where a press controlled organisation has full approval from the Press Recognition Panel, it would no longer be ridiculous? This highlights the problem we have. We can't have a government controlled press. We can't have a press controlled press. We can't have people with a vendetta controlling the press. And I'd suggest that we can't have a panel made up with people who have no experience of the press. Very difficult.
&gt; All the phone hacking shit and rifling through people's bins was already against the law Isn't this beyond the law, and actually about standards too? I agree with you on many levels, but I'm not sure that being within the law is our sole concern. We need decency and respect too.
&gt;IPSO doesn't have the ability to issue compensation Will Impress pay out compensation?
&gt; Leave voters think that 20% of the population are EU migrants. The thing is, it doesn't matter. "You put too much sugar in my tea." "How much did I put in?" "About 8 spoons." "Ha! No, I only put in 3 spoons, therefore there **isn't** too much sugar in your tea!"
Of course. It's only *you* who has any empathy for anyone. That's why we all laugh at you when you leave the room... Knob.
Can't be. All leavers are uniformly uninformed fucktards. Can't you read?
It's perception. If people perceive that there are too many immigrants and vote accordingly, that's their choice. You'd have to live in the clouds to expect the whole electorate to be both well informed and logical. No election or referendum has ever had an electorate that's perfectly informed on every issue, and it's stupid to expect that it would ever happen, yet it appears that certain people like to come out with 'facts' like this to try any label anyone who they disagree with as being some sort of moron. People are entitled to vote on perceptions.
But it doesn't matter. It's either too many, about right, or too few, and I'll also suggest that the 'immigrant taking your job' isn't the sole factor that influences people. You could have an area of full employment, but little housing, no school places, a crowded transport system, and an awful health service. People vote by perception, and that's influenced by many factors.
https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/sep/09/city-banks-revise-brexit-doom-and-gloom-forecasts
No. Why would there be? If that's what has been voted for, that's what should happen. Are you that concerned about Corbyn?
3 or 4 hours? I don't know what the rate is where you like.
&gt;A report commissioned by the European Commission, European Parliament and member states last week called for effective federal taxes to be paid directly to Brussels to fund the EU budget. &gt;EU-wide VAT of 1 or 2 per cent, standardised petrol taxes and a federal corporation tax were among the proposals put forward in the report delivered by a working group chaired by Mario Monti, the former Italian prime minister. So Brexit is going to be used as the excuse for federal taxes? It appears that no lessons have been learnt.
The situation we are in now, and what happened at the '15 election couldn't be more different. Of course things have changed, even the PM. Is the Canary supposed to be satire?
I haven't seen the Merlin before. It looks good, and has 4ml, which is plenty for me as I MTL, a Velocity deck, and is $17 for an authentic from FT. Looks very interesting. Thanks.
I don't usually mention Ebay when it comes to vaping, but there's plenty there.
I'm not sure why these car companies are so eager to embrace as many forms of gadgetry as possible. There more that they have, the more likely a problem will occur. Tesla needs to inform people that the app won't work in the middle of the desert, which seems sort of obvious.
I don't think what he said was all that bad. It was done in a jovial manner, and it holds some truth. https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/07/uk-must-pay-price-for-brexit-says-francois-hollande He *has* been quite threatening towards us. I think I'd prefer Bo to talk publicly about the problems we face with certain EU figures, instead of ignoring them. Edit: https://order-order.com/2017/01/18/gisela-stuart-dont-mention-war/
What happens when the social club changes it's rules?
Do you have affiliation with littleatoms.com OP? I've never heard of it, yet your seem to post their articles fairly frequently.
I got about half way through that. It's just nonsense. The Indy hasn't been good for a while, but this is BS at a whole new level. There is no suggestion of having “free movement of people” with India. We might have a slightly more relaxed visa agreement with India, but that's not FoM. &gt;In fact, like the EU, India is a much larger economy than the UK, if it is measured properly by abstracting away the distortions of exchange rates. What metric are they using for that?
&gt;If you're coasting, you're not illuminating your brake lights He says he's breaking. &gt; I change into neutral and coast down to a stop with braking
Agree.
&gt;An extra 12p on petrol would hardly be welcomed by motorists, but for many it would be neutralised or outweighed by the removal of car tax – some would save money. From a green point of view, it has the benefit of taxing those who use the roads most - and more polluting cars also tend to be those that use the most petrol. It passes the fairness test, as it removes an existing tax and replaces it with one that is based on how much you use something. So, rather than bringing in this oddball new car tax system, would a better move be to axe car tax altogether, add 10p to fuel duty and pull in the money that way? That seems the easiest solution.
&gt;Oh wait, it's the Daily Mail No it's not, it's the Dailly Mail. It says so in the title.
Let's be honest, *no one* believed the numbers on the bus! The reason the bus is mentioned so much is because it was one of the most visible examples of BS available. For balance, how about this from Mr Tusk - "[I fear Brexit could be the beginning of the destruction of not only the EU but also Western political civilisation in its entirety](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36515680)". I doubt that anyone believed The Other Donald either. We're just not that stupid. I know some will believe anything, but I don't think that's typical of the electorate.
&gt;Exclude Twitter &gt;Exclude Student Politics &gt;Exclude Satire/Parody Can we have an Exclude Tim Farron please?
The EU bit? Possibly, but I somehow doubt it. The bit about Western political civilisation in its entirety? Only Chicken Licken would believe that.
Editorialized titles aren't allowed, and what the fuck are your exclamation marks for?
After you wasted all that tea?
We already got Sam Adams, and I'm not sure we need new planes, but if you promise to keep Piers Morgan and James Corden, as well as adopt Katie Hopkins, perhaps we can have a meeting about having a meeting.
Yes. There are good clone makers too though. SXK, SMYJ and Tobecco are good clones generally. Read the reviews on anything before you buy. Some of it is just trash.
Yeah, low usage users will win. Also VED evasion will be impossible, and if you don't use your car for a few months, you don't lose out.
Would he even be there?
Yeah, it's probably out of context, but, given the rumours, it's an interesting insight into their relationship.
Steal carpets.
It'll be fine. I don't think there are many clone mods, it's mostly the tanks that get cloned.
What strength is it?
&gt; But a booster pack still has a battery, right? No. You can get jump starters that plug into the mains.
That's not legal in the UK. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poisons_Act_1972 Dilute it down to 72mg.
Being a Brit I forgot about 120v, but they are available. http://usatoolsinc.com/200-100-40-2-amp-manual-starter-charger-6-and-12-volt/
&gt; The government lawyers and civil service told May she didn't need Parliament's approval. 'Experts'.
Probably just lackeys, just like all 'experts'.
It would be a far stronger statement if she had resigned from the party.
Kayfun Mini v3.
I'd imagine that the Daily Mash are kicking themselves right now. How did they miss that? Another day when you can't see things getting worse for JC, but then....
Good to know. Do any other manufacturers use animal derived ingredients?
&gt;The clones don't have adjustable airflow Yes they do.
Not one of his best.
JC just comes across as snide and pathetic. You'd have thought he would have more urgent matters to worry about.
Exactly. It's as if JC and Milne have just caught onto how DT used Twitter, and are now trying to be feisty. Unfortunately it comes across as being naff because it's not really in JCs character.
Labour MPs who voted for the Iraq war Adrian Bailey – West Bromwich West (minister) Kevin Barron – Rother Valley (minister) Margaret Beckett – Derby South (minister) Hilary Benn – Leeds Central (minister) Clive Betts – Sheffield, Attercliffe (minister) Ben Bradshaw – Exeter (minister) Nick Brown – Newcastle upon Tyne East and Wallsend (minister) Chris Bryant – Rhondda (minister) Andy Burnham – Leigh (minister) Alan Campbell – Tynemouth Ann Clwyd – Cynon Valley (minister) Vernon Coaker – Gedling Ann Coffey – Stockport (minister) Yvette Cooper – Pontefract and Castleford (minister) Jon Cruddas – Dagenham Jim Cunningham – Coventry South (minister) Wayne David – Caerphilly (minister) Geraint Davies – Croydon Central (minister) Jim Dowd – Lewisham West (minister) Angela Eagle – Wallasey (minister) Maria Eagle – Liverpool, Garston (minister) Louise Ellman – Liverpool, Riverside (minister) Paul Farrelly – Newcastle-under-Lyme (minister) Frank Field – Birkenhead (minister) Jim Fitzpatrick – Poplar and Canning Town (minister) Caroline Flint – Don Valley (minister) Mike Gapes – Ilford South Barry Gardiner – Brent North (minister) Roger Godsiff – Birmingham, Sparkbrook and Small Heath David Hanson – Delyn Harriet Harman – Camberwell and Peckham (minister) John Healey – Wentworth (minister) Mark Hendrick – Preston (minister) Margaret Hodge – Barking (minister) George Howarth – Knowsley North and Sefton East (minister) Lindsay Hoyle – Chorley (minister) Alan Johnson – Kingston upon Hull West and Hessle (minister) Helen Jones – Warrington North (minister) Kevan Jones – North Durham (minister) Gerald Kaufman – Manchester, Gorton (minister) David Lammy – Tottenham (minister) Chris Leslie – Shipley (minister) Ivan Lewis – Bury South (minister) Fiona Mactaggart – Slough John Mann – Bassetlaw (minister) Rob Marris – Wolverhampton South West (minister) Gordon Marsden – Blackpool South (minister) Steve McCabe – Birmingham, Hall Green (minister) Siobhain McDonagh – Mitcham and Morden (minister) Steve Pound – Ealing North (minister) Geoffrey Robinson – Coventry North West Joan Ryan – Enfield North (minister) Barry Sheerman – Huddersfield (minister) Andrew Smith – Oxford East (minister) Angela Smith – Basildon (minister) John Spellar – Warley (minister) Gisela Stuart – Birmingham, Edgbaston (minister) Mark Tami – Alyn and Deeside (minister) Gareth Thomas – Harrow West (minister) Stephen Timms – East Ham (minister) Derek Twigg – Halton (minister) Stephen Twigg – Enfield, Southgate (minister) Keith Vaz – Leicester East (minister) Tom Watson – West Bromwich East (minister) David Winnick – Walsall North (minister) Rosie Winterton – Doncaster Central (minister) Pretty stupid to make an issue of it when so many of his party voted for it too.
&gt;stop treating it like he is the cause of all evil. Wow. Too dumb.
What's really sad is how far he is behind May. She's in the US, and actually making quite a good impression globally, while he can't even go 24 hours without another Labour crisis. While that's going on, he's making himself look a twat on Twitter. Yet something like 23% of the public would *still* vote Labour. It's astounding.
It's more about what you write.
What hypocrisy? She voted given the information available at the time.
Pop up lights.
You think the tweet offers constructive opposition?!! Yeah, you probably do actually...
&gt; A tweet doesn't take long. Looks like he's shitposting to me.
Are you JCs press officer?
Yet? Some of these will never considered true classics. I don't think there's a marque who hits the target every time. They all have their black sheep.
Magnifique.
They have zero credibility now, and if they vote against A50 in a Leave area, how will that play out in 2020? Labour are expecting about 70 rebels. That's 1/3 of their seats. The electorate have long memories.
To me, size and battery capacity are paramount. There are many thousands of each mod sold, and you are far more likely to hear about the faulty ones than the good ones. Get one with generally good reviews, and keep your fingers crossed.
Snooker has suffered from a lack of personalities. Many of the people who play it aren't particularly media-friendly, so when someone like RO'S comes along the public embrace them. Combine that with RO'S being one of the greatest snooker players of all time, and it's a winning combination. Before him we had Hurricane Higgins; another top player who wasn't afraid to speak his mind. I'd recommend watching The Rack Pack for an understanding of how important figures like RO'S are for the health of the game. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2464690/
Gravlax takes all the gross flavor out. Seriously, I guess that you don't like poached or baked salmon? Cured salmon is very different. You should try smoked salmon too. Brown bread, lemon juice and pepper. It's beautiful.
https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/59kd53/did_911_happen_in_the_cars_universe/
Anywhere between next week and never.
Appropriate name.
Do you get tinned salmon in the US? Mixed with mayo and it makes a great sandwich.
https://electrek.co/2017/05/18/all-electric-solo-three-wheeler/
You looked at classics? I heard about someone getting an older car, could have been a Renault Fuego or something, and the insurance was much less than a Corsa. It might be worth a look, and it might not even be possible now, but it's better than a Corsa.
Philips X-treme or Osram Nightbreaker should do what you want.
https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/6ffex2/weekly_what_car_should_i_buy_mega_thread/
WTF? Why you quoting me? I hardly post here any more, partly because of stupid dizlxeci planks like you. In. Six. Hours. Fucking simpleton. I can't even remember writing that.
It's a 1905 M785 Shooting Brake. It's horse-drawn isn't it?
You're 101. You probably just scribbled all over the paper anyway.
Who you?
Thanks Hun.
It's not 'these', it's a one off. '*It*' looks ugly. Guernsey registered, so we won't see much of it.
&gt; They overheat when pushed hard. Not really if the coolant system is working. I had the heater matrix hose number1 go, and didn't realise for ages, but it was fine even though it needed 5 or 6 pints of water. Overall they are very simple and cheap to fix, and rust is the only thing to avoid.
&gt; I think in 20 years, people will be vaping vitamins, vaccines, and other helpful stuff. How is that going to be possible? People tried to vape caffeine, which was found to be unrealistic, as are vitamins, and vaccines need a controlled dosage which is far easier to administer with conventional medicine and it offers no real advantage to vape it. Either way, thanks for your work. The film has clearly made an impact. Personally I haven't seen it, but it's clearly made an impact in the vaping community.
Funny to think that you could buy it for $13 million, drive it once a year to keep the Instagram crowd interested, and sell it for $50 million in ten years.
I think we all look back with rose coloured glasses, but the Carlton was and experience I try to forget. Seats that looked comfortable, but sagged so much that you almost sat on the floorpan. Handling so bad that Transit vans would overtake you round a corner. An auto gearbox that never changed when you expected it to, and when it did you needed a trip to the osteopath. Acceleration that required a calender. Economy that needed a trunk of gold bars. Everything. *Everything*. Absolutely everything about that car gives me the shudders. The Lotus is very different, probably, but even the shape of it makes me lose sleep. Vauxhall have *almost* never made a good car, which is why it was sold to the French for a cheese baguette and bottle of Beaujolais nouveau. I would take *any* French car over a similar Vauxhall without question. Hopefully the Vauxhall brand will be left to suffer a respectable death, in hell.
I knew someone with a Monza GSE which was lovely. A 1.8 auto Carlton really wasn't.
Does this include motorbikes? Probably not...
Gentle heat and some fishing line.
What gasket is it?
It's not worth worrying about. Just go by the mileage.
Almost any car from the factory has to take into account reliability, so there is always room to sacrifice reliability for extra performance. You could say the same of the Huracan, and then someone sticks twin turbos on it. I don't get your point.
I suspect what they actually do is take your money year after year, and when you make a claim they tell you to do one. There's little point in digging into your background too deep when you take out a policy as that's expensive. If you've lied, and they quote you on what you *have* declared, your insurance is void. Don't do it OP.
Have a look for an old Volvo. They don't rust as bad as some others, are large enough to hold a V8, have available parts, are relatively simple, and whatever you plan to do someone will have done it before.
How could anyone here possibly answer? Go and talk to the dealer.
Are you going to make a png every time you get into a slightly uncomfortable situation? Stick this one in your diary, and have a look back at it in a few years. Someone honked at you so you made a png and ask for public justification?! You're driving a car. All sorts of flavours of cunts are out there. Fuck them. Do what you think is right, and remember that every other driver out there is a fucktard. The secret to driving well is avoiding *everyone* else. They are all cretins, and they are all out to kill you. That's it.
A friend bought a van with 750,000 km on it. The engine was only 100k old though. He used it for about 3 or 4 years, and sold it for the same amount that he bought it for. It's really impossible to tell.
I don't know why the cyclist is right on the outside of the inner lane, but if cunts like this keep pulling this trick, I have no doubt that it's a safety feature that will be removed from buses. The bus driver acted like a twat too, but cyclist have a duty to allow the flow of traffic around them. If this was my video, I wouldn't have made it public.
Diesel in the road?
&gt; Since when did cyclists have a duty to let traffic flow around them? Having had a look, it appears that things have changed since I did my cycling proficiency, and the advice now seems to be '*Do whatever you fucking like*'. It used to be '*Keep as far left as possible.*' My mistake. &gt;Cyclists have as much right to the road as any other vehicle. It's polite to ride a meter or so from the kerb so that traffic can pass, but only when it's safe and practical. His road position was awful. There was easily enough room for the cyclist and two other cars to his right. How bad does your awareness have to be to have a bus overtaking you, and you are only a few inches from the outer lane? Technically he might be wholly within his rights, but he's riding like a complete cock in my opinion and he needs to learn to ride defensively.
&gt; I think the reason cyclists ride there is for visibility and safety. I understand that, but it's a wide junction with easy viability. I'd say that he put himself in greater danger by *not* keeping to the left. &gt;IMO that right side of the lane is the safest. Right in the middle of two lanes? That's the safest? Sorry, but I don't see that.
&gt; You're supposed to claim ownership of your full lane, otherwise assholes will try to laneshare with you in an unsafe manner. That's what I've been taught for the last 25 years here in the states. If you don't give motorists the opportunity to pass they *will* try to push past. Add to that that this is in Brixton, which is congested enough, and that people get agitated when it's hot and sweaty, as it has been for the last few days, and I have no doubt that the tactic of 'claiming the lane' has put him in far more danger than just keeping to the left. That junction is very wide. I know it quite well, and there's no reason not to give everyone room.
Why? I'm very considerate towards cyclists and all other road users. The bad driving was by the cyclist. He's a selfish cunt. Go play FIFA.
I think that we will all agree that BMW needed to expand it's sparse range.
Are you talking about putting the same type of engine back in, or something different? What's fucking up every few months?
I can't say that I find his videos very interesting.
Are there no driving instructors that could teach you?
Front shell and rear shell. Neither are very cheap, and at times they have been very difficult to fine.
Because that's what all the cool kids do? It's a good car, but unfortunately it's reached a cult status. It's not new, so it will have a few running costs, but it's a reasonably reliable 200hp car. Keep it for a few years, and don't fuck about with it too much, and I think you'll be able to sell it with little loss. The less mods the better. Good luck.
Fuck you 2017.
What?!! On a space frame the engine mounts go into the chassis. I'm not sure what you're asking. Hopefully someone else will.
Let them by as soon as possible. Good driving is keeping as far away as possible from everyone else. You don't need idiots like that near you.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On-board_diagnostics#OBD-II_diagnostic_data_available Some offer additional information, but all should be able to do the above.
Protection against what? Did Google Shopping ever claim that it was impartial? I think most people are fully aware that the first few results are sponsored. It even says "Sponsored" above the images. This is just another example of the EU bulking out it's bank account. Unfortunately I have no option of choosing a different EU though....
That is their business model. They are a search engine who advertises. They are completely transparent in what they do, and without it there would be little point in having the search engine.
Google offers a search for products. Google does not state that the results are impartial. Google operates by offering companies advertising. *Any* company is entitled to use their services; some do, some don't. &gt;So should we just do away with all consumer protection laws? The fuck kind of reasoning is that?.... *Any* advertising platform will promote parties they have interests in. Google even tells those that are literate that the top results are sponsored. I can't believe that anyone feels that they've had the wool pulled over their eyes.
I like them. It's just an homage to the original. I know that they aren't everyone's taste, but as long as you don't pretend that it's a original I don't see a problem. Parts are easy and cheap, and I guess the manufacturer is still operating, so body parts should be ok. Insurance in the UK for kit cars is surprisingly cheap, but I don't know about the US.
If I had a Vulcan I would question why AM didn't include these modifications from new.
No. Why would I?
I thought that they might make it as fast as it possibly could be because that's exactly what they said they would do. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-31727799 &gt;Geneva saw the launch of Aston Martin's Vulcan, representing the "best of everything we know and can do," Mr Palmer said. It's a £1.8m track-only supercar unlike anything the company has produced before.
I'd love to send this to the guy he hired it from.
Charge them for 90 days rental. I'd talk to Honda head office. Something seems very wrong. If the rumours are to believed, the R sells it's self. There's no need for a showroom model.
Sounds dangerous. You're probably better off taking off the tyres and just running on the rims.
Some quotes are stupid. I can get quotes that are over 30x what i actually pay. Keep looking. Can you not buy through nerdwallet.com? &gt;I do well in school Genuine question. Is that actually a factor in the US when buying insurance?
That's my guess too. I can't remember the figure, but some dealers are selling for 25k over MRSP? $25,000/90 days = $278/day. Ask $400 a day rental, with an allowance of 0 miles.
That's incredible. In the UK that isn't a consideration. Interesting, thanks.
It's probably very similar. Age. Income. Parked in garage, or street/drive. Job. Area. Sex. Mileage. Value of car. Blah blah blah... But, as far as I know, how well you are doing in your education isn't a consideration. I think I'll start a thread. Thanks.
I find most vbloggers dull, but Doug seems like a really good guy who doesn't take himself too seriously. Thinking about it, apart from Matt Farah, I don't watch that many. They are just dull for a variety of reasons, and some just want to surround themselves with exotica and think that they will be YT heroes. They annoy me the most. Doug knows how to do it. It's funny, quick, informative, no intrusive music or weird camera angles, and easy to watch. And every time I watch him I pretend that he's Quentin Tarantino.
!remindme 3 days
Class. You can't beat Goodwood.
Didn't play War Robots. Didn't watch the video. What a load of shit.
This post has been bought to you by Fugner, for that extra special Fugner... thing. It's fucking ridiculous. His videos are usually as dull as shit anyway, but to try to sell a video game like that is just moronic. There was a thread yesterday asking why people like Doug DeMuro. Would he try and pull this shit? That's why Doug is leagues ahead of Mr War Robots.
&gt;But I don't think it's ridiculous for Rob to have sponsorships. It's a video game, and some war video game at that. If it was a driving game it might make some sort of sense, but it isn't. &gt; Remember you are getting the content for free. Plenty of stuff is free *and* good though.
