Given that it's a Japanese production there isn't much else they could do. The all Japanese cast and change of setting does seem like it'll take a lot away from the series' atmosphere though. While it bugs me, it's only one of many gripes I have with this what we've seen of this movie.
The only thing that bothers me about the dub is some of the translations. They butchered my favorite line, right when I had finally gotten used to the English voices and was anticipating hearing it delivered. But whatever, life goes on, the dub is still pretty good.
This sounds like it would be hell on sub. So hard to track 2 convos at once when you have to look down at the text. The subtlety would be completely lost on anyone who can't understand japanese.
Oh, well I'm not a huge anime fan, so I wouldn't be able to say exactly what distinguishes him from other characters in other franchises. Maybe that he's a badass midget (?). I'll allow someone else to help you out on this.
I think the description is stupid. The "facial and body form" excuse is bullshit, that's just the way Manga/Anime art is drawn. According to this text, every single character in any manga is Japanese. The only things Japanese about the franchise are the author and Mikasa. Every thing else is western, from the setting to the characters. Even in the Japanese dub, the characters refer to each other by "First name" "Last name", like they would as Europeans. I also haven't heard many honorifics, though I may have missed those.
Mikasa becoming a Titan Shifter would be like reuniting the Triforce, given that she's already OP due to both of her parents' bloodlines. She might literally become the Asian War Goddess foretold in ~~Slap on Titan~~ the ancient prophecies. I like her the way she is, as a demigod only, so I'd rather this not happen. Erwin for me.
IDK if you're being sarcastic or not, since I've heard people argue both sides.
You are right with a lot of what you say. However, SNK is definitely not set in Europe. If it is set on this planet, the dimensions of the walls, fauna, climate, physical geography (save for the ever increasing elevation towards the center), and cover art suggest it takes place in North America. I also don't think it happens in the future, I think it happens in an alternate timeline which diverged from our own in the early 17th century. I have no idea where the calendar they use came from though (Maybe year 0 is Charlemagne's rule, given that he's the original Holy Roman Emperor). Edit: Typos Edit^2 : Why the hell is this getting downvoted, nothing I said is false or misleading.
The walls don't fit in Europe in the slightest, unless you go as far as Russia, which doesn't match the Geography at all. Remember that there are canyon-like deserts in the southern parts of the walls. All those things you said could be explained by the fact that people from Europe fled to North America. They would have brought their culture with them. Edit: I was wrong, no need to go as far East as Russia. But Eastern Europe still doesn't fit the geography.
I felt similar at first but I got used to it. It's a really good dub. Regarding the roars, that bugs me a bit too, but they're just emphasizing the Titan's craziness over its anger. It isn't wrong per se. Without having heard the Japanese version before she shouldn't find anything weird. My gripe is really with the translations they chose.
Looking forward to reaching that part then. I'm excited haha
I watched the first few but I'm waiting for my friend to keep going.
Oh God, I still haven't gotten over the Japanese dub version.
The ones I remember are from Episode 6. Some of her flashback lines, as well as her thoughts when she's facing death. In the English dub, she's speaking to Eren in her mind [Anime Spoilers](/m "and says "If I die, my memories of you die with me", which I find too ambiguous. It's still early in the series and she isn't fully characterized yet" ). That's why I prefer the Japanese dub's [Anime Spoilers](/m ""If I die, I won't be able to think about you anymore"" ), which I find conveys her ~~obsession~~ feelings for Eren much better Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but she's my favorite character and that bugs me a bit.
It's all opinion obviously, but I really don't see what the problem is. They want to end the episode by emphasizing the effect and projected effect on his friends. Her hair is flicking because she's on a roof. It never struck me as a parody of other strong female characters
I doubt MT's power is that straightforward. Even if it is, he knows that he's fighting against the coordinate, so the presence of Titans wouldn't be to his advantage.
Thank you! This is actually a hard question to answer lol. A bit, I guess. Enough to be able to make educated guesses. It seems like the whole truth will be out in the next few months though. Also, I forgot to mention but it is heavily (really heavily) implied that Monkey Troubles turned Connie's village's inhabitants into the Titans that attacked
If I remember correctly that was actually Ymir talking, not Hange. Idk how far you've read so I won't spoil, but she's trying to make him give up that thought by antagonizing him.
What a twist that would be. Someone call M. Night and offer him to adapt.
Indeed. That's too bad. I've been streaming it off some weird website haha
I honestly think it will tie in with "Before the Fall" or whatever that spinoff is called, since [Manga Spoilers](/m "it starts 70 years before the main series and we've already seen it progress through several years. Wouldn't be surprised if Ymir ended up being the kid of the "Titan Child" and that noble girl he ran away with. It would explain perhaps why "her death made people happy", if the people refer to her noble family").
If it isn't what I said, then I believe they will at least run in to her at some point. Ymir said that it was 60 some years, so it may have been less than 60. There's some wiggle space. We also don't know how much people age while in titan form (whether aging is completely stopped or just slowed down), so maybe she changed as a 5 year old and emerged as a 10 year old or something. It just seems to tie in well with her understanding Historia's situation. I also doubt that before the fall won't tie in to the main storyline somehow. It's all speculation, but time will tell I guess.
I think so, I think Isayama co-authored it.
DOA
Not quite as bad as I thought. It seems like it will rise above Syfy quality after all. Still, so many movies look good in the trailer just to be horrible, so this trailer not being horrible still doesn't convince me.
I definitely agree. The 3DMG scenes were only shown for split seconds but still looked really bad.
No, the Dad-eating incident occurs after Wall Maria falls, unless every single character has lied so far. What I'm wondering is how Grisha managed to snatch Eren and bring him to wherever the Reiss estate was within Sina, and how Eren got back to the refugees inside Rose without Mikasa or Armin noticing.
I don't think Colossal has that, I think he just flees using the massive steam cloud as cover.
As disappointing as it is for humanity, there are many people who see this and the other sneak peeks and comment about how amazing it looks and how happy they are that "Evil America" isn't ruining the franchise. The irony kills me. Edit: Spelling
yes lol. Been a long day
I thought I remembered seeing that the dad-eating occurred with the partially destroyed church in the background. I'll have to check again.
Her Titan was stated to be "invincible", and that she only lost because she didn't know how to fight. Grisha's is not similar to Eren's at all other than the ears, completely different body shape.
I have to admit that's what I thought of when I read the newest chapter lol.
Given that the walls apparently extend a decent distance down into the ground, it is possible that these titans are as big or bigger than the Colossal.
If they are only above ground then yes, but it's been stated that the walls also continue below the surface, which would indicate larger wall titans.
Yeah and they took out "See you later Eren" which seems like it'll be important, or at least interesting.
This is awesome, great work!
I always thought his head was shaped like a chestnut.
Knowing Kishi, I'm surprised Obito was never some "prophecy child" or something with a hidden power like that in his eyes.
At the same time, if this movie flops, that won't bode well for a possible Western adaptation, so I guess I'll give it a go. I'll bring in a big bag to puke in
Mikasa "Asian War Godess" Ackerman. She's genuine and unambiguous, she's been through hell more than any other character IMO, yet she still uses her tremendous natural power to pursue an ideal of "love", whereas Eren is mostly motivated by "hate", at least as far as the anime and early chapter go.
That's true, but I think it's both simultaneously
Deontologists judge the morality of actions based on a code or set of rules. Batman has his rule. He won't break it in the name of probable future events
To understand his motives you have to put himself in his shoes. His rule is not to kill. If his involvement ends with him turning in a criminal to law enforcement, he did not break his rule. That being said, Batman would probably go after a system that would execute over minor crimes. I doubt guilt would factor in though
Yet ironically their supporters repeatedly scream in their echo chambers that "libtards" are the global embarrassment.
I thought it was implied that I was comparing Islam and Christianity. I don't get where you came to think I was making a blanket statements of every belief system. The history books say that while Europe was still a mess, certain Muslim countries preserved ancient texts and made many advances in science and medicine.
True. I hope this is a flaw of human nature we can eventually rectify for good
There's room for it, but it's one of the sides that is overwhelmingly cited by citizens of other nations to be a joke
I'm neither an apologist nor do I call people Islamophobes for disliking that religion. I just dislike it when people claim that western religions are somehow inherently better because our people have mostly securitized in the last few hundred years. All of those religions are bad.
Probably because his condition was continuously worsening as usually happens when large body damage happens to your body and is left untreated. By the time Rey overpowers him, she was both strengthened by the Force and he was probably half drained of blood (semi-joke). As for Finn, he was toying with him for a while. When he wanted to get serious he beat Finn quickly. Seriously this fight says a lot more about Kylo than either Rey or Finn, people just love this easy and well supported complaint for some reason.
And that is the true tragedy. So many people give no shits about space and are perfectly content with their children and their species living and dying on Earth without ever leaving it. All they need is to see some science fantasy like Star Wars to be satisfied
It's slightly less prevalent here in America. The most shocking is the apathy amongst young people. I don't know if you've seen the clip, but the segment on the Nightly Show where Bill Nye was a guest is an excruciating snapshot of the issue.
"Life is not fair" is the shittiest excuse to not do the right thing. America's refugee screening it's much more thorough and Syrians can't just walk into our country like they can in Europe. Not to mention that we, the United States, are the ones that were the biggest "contributors" to the creation of the current situation in that region. To refuse thousands of children because of the risk of a couple terrorists slipping through the screening is pathetic and cowardly
You're right, but an over-enthusiastic populace beats an apathetic one when it comes to backing projects.
Of course it depends on your system. Designating an area of study or system is an important part of science.
I'm not familiar with what you're talking about. Can you explain what your beliefs are?
That depends of which definition of purpose you choose then I guess.
Seems a little out there but I'll give it a look. My personal view of the universe is fundamentally different, since Emergence is to me the unifying principle, and it require differing levels to begin with, though I may just be misunderstanding what you said
Because it's a step towards being able to transport humans safely throughout our system as well as a step towards permanent extraterrestrial settlement
Many. Other than being a proud achievement for humanity, which is good enough in and of itself, we could mine them for resources, many of which are rate on earth. We can use them as platforms to launch things into space with less gravitational and no atmospheric resistance. We can study the effects of Gs greater than 0 but lower than 1 on the human body. Provides a longterm path towards eventually going further in the Solar System and eventually beyond. Refueling and resupplying stations. Indirect benefits would include a windfall of new technologies developed by the drive into space, like microprocessors were with the Apollo missions, as well as opening up space as a potential locating for more of the private sector, which would create a whole new part of the economy. There is really no reason not to go.
I cannot believe how many Mass Effect references I've seen recently lol. I want to go to club Dark Star On a more serious note, don't Higgs fields determine mass in real life? Couldn't we achieve a mass effect if a way to manipulate that field exists?
I completely agree. I'm finishing up the mass effect trilogy now, and there's no doubt if that franchise had been in a medium like a TV series, it would not have the same emotional impact at all. As far as storytelling and character building go, games have the potential to blow movies away
The only parts of the game that could possibly work well would be the conversations. Even then it wouldn't add much.
I see. I guess I will have to look up the original ending on youtube. In that sense I was lucky to be nearly a decade late in joining the Mass Effect community. I believe what you say, but why is this still an issue after the fix? People in the recent Andromeda discussions are still naming this as one of their major complaints. Edit: Saw original ending, indeed I would have been disappointed.
Your opinion is what I would expect. On the advice of a previous redditor, I will look up the original ending to try and put myself in the shoes of a day 1 gamer. I'm just shocked at how this complaint showed up in recent Andromeda threads. The Deus Ex that bothers me the most, especially as an engineer, is that the Alliance could begin building this Galaxy Changing Device within a few months without being able to understand what it would ultimately do or how it worked. However this issue is present from the beginning and is therefore easily accepted by the end, at least for me.
Whether or not the Catalyst is a good twist is something I'll leave to each to decide. I personally find it amazing, because it challenged me as I tried to figure out which was the best solution and whether the AI was trustworthy. Much better than a straight up "destroy is the clear solution". But that's my opinion. I saw the reddit thread for the EC release and most of the top comments at the time seemed to have found closure with it. That sentiment seems to have been reversed since. The youtube comments are ridiculous though, people claiming to be unable to play XBOX or to never want to buy Bioware ever again. Your way of putting it with the wound and bandage is probably the answer. Seeing the crappy ending with the crew in the jungle at first must have been a major pain and the EC must've come a bit too late. I, however, having only ever seen the pretty bandage and never felt the pain of the wound, I don't mind.
I think he's referring to the ultra clunky inventory system
It should have been a machine aboard the Normandy that did it
A response to your second edit. I had heard of that but I thought it was just a rumor. Is it confirmed? I honestly probably would have preferred that ending. Makes more sense from pretty much every perspective. However, it doesn't improve much on the current ending regarding your earlier choices in the trilogy, which is the complaint I have beef with.
Hey! I recently finished the trilogy for the 1st time too and I'm pretty much the same way. I played them in order, but like you I was a Sentinel. I was a male that had Liara as a main romance. I didn't have the happy ending mod though, so I had feelings of guilt over sacrificing my Shepard knowing that meant letting Liara live for 900 more years alone. I, like you, feel a little empty after such a great ride with great characters. I'd be happy to compare my EC ending feelings to your happy one if you're interested. I have to try that mod soon.
I never usually pre order for myself, though I sometimes will as a gift to others. I don't know if I'll be able to resist buying Andromeda right away though, even though I'm scared of finding an incomplete product. I'm also interested in trying some mods out for a happy ending, Liara deserved better than what she got from my storyline :(
That's true, I hadn't thought of that.
I've never played Dragon Age, so I can't really relate. I guess we'll have to agree to disagree then on the ending. It seems natural if you didn't get to see the EC on our first playthrough and I did that we would have different feelings.
Thanks for the advice! I know you probably can't link on here, but do you mind me asking if you know what reputable website I could get those from? I don't want to accidentally expose my computer to malware or something by using a bad source. Steam workshop has made mod acquisition too easy for me I'm afraid haha. Also do you know if it's compatible with a pre Cerberus Base assault save, or do I have to start a new game for JAM to work. I don't see myself being able to do a new playthrough any time soon given my attachment to my Shepard's story
MVP. Thank you so much. I have all the DLC. I'll definitely get JAM and the Anderson one. I'm conflicted about CEM, because chronologically it works both during and after ME3, but thematically it only works after. I'll probably save that mod for this summer when I replay the series, especially if it bugs out for me like it seems to have done for you.
That is true, whether or not they are expressed though may come after conception. Either way, it's completely irrelevant to abortion
From what I can gather, the original ending was just so bad that even with the release of the extended cut, many people can't get the sour taste of the original out of their mouths. Assuming you, like me, didn't play it at launch, it would explain why we don't hate it.
I see what you're saying, but sometimes events are out of the hands of the people participating. I'm satisfied that my choices decided whether or not my companions survived and with the EC I get to see the effect on the races I saved or didn't etc. While I'm also sad that there was no happy ending (though high EMS destroy seems to be implied to be a happy ending), I understand that Shepard couldn't beat the odds forever and that he wouldn't make it back, especially after mine's farewell to Liara. I still don't really see how they could have included the choice at the end of ME1 and stuff like that to the ending, so I can forgive it. But you make fair points, I guess it's down to different perspectives
I don't really mind not having Shepard, but no Liara, Garrus or Tali has me ultra sad. However, it's hard to love what you don't know yet. No matter how pessimistic anyone is about the new game thinking it might be subpar due to perceived failings in ME3 or ME2, one thing that remained constant (or even got better) throughout the series was the quality and depth of the characters. Hell, even James, whose character archetype screams boring and one dimensional, turned out at least average. I have no doubt that the new cast will match, or at least come close to, the old one in quality. However, until I get through at least a full game, I'll be longing for more content with the aforementioned trio.
You can definitely argue that. However, it seems to me like Shepard keeps it together after that death, whereas seeing the kid causes him to start losing it
My Shepard was pretty Paragon, but I still think it would be nice if you could break Omega's one rule.
What would be the scientific worth of an observation station on a distant Solar System body like Titan be? Would having a second point of view to observe the universe with be useful or do we not need such an installation?
The Star Wars Galaxy is far far away. Even though it's quite a distance, the Andromeda Galaxy is quite close to ours in the grand scheme of things
I didn't realize Titan had such a thick atmosphere. Thank you for your answer, instinctively I assume that 2 points of view trump one but I wasn't sure if it was the case here given the scale of what is being observed.
It's true that she feels a little underutilized in the base games, because she's a pretty interesting character. the Omega DLC kinda fixed that even though it was a little short. Looking back, I kinda wish she had been a potential squadmate in ME3. The extra slot would have been filled by Samara if paragon and by Aria if renegade or if Samara is dead. It makes sense to me because they are a bit of a mirror image of each other, and also because Aria sitting in Purgatory doing nothing seems completely out of character, since she knows what a threat the Reapers are and that she would get the opportunity to weaken Cerberus by joining Shepard. Extra bonuses from that would be to get to see her point of view of all the different situations Shepard finds himself in, a possible romance with Shepard and possible confirmation of her being Aleena by Wrex. Seeing them reunited would be a great scene.
I want to buy an N7 hoodie or something but they seem prohibitively expensive on the Bioware store. Anyone know why?
N7 2K16 here I come
Really? I'll have to give that a shot one day
You overestimate my powers haha but I'll give your idea a chance
It's so great and motivating. The first 20 seconds are gold, they always have me turning my head up to the stars.
Oh crap I got the song wrong, I thought this was the Ending Reprise. Yeah I love the entirety of the song you posted. I hope it's the credits song of the movie when they make it
You refer to the Sun as Sol? Why do you use the Latin name?
I did like 5 lol. Chakwas always lives no matter how long you wait.
Nope, she survives and rubs the fact that everyone else is dead because you took too long in your face. It was painful
Plugging my comment about Aria from the potential romance thread. &gt; Looking back, I kinda wish she had been a potential squadmate in ME3. The extra slot would have been filled by Samara if paragon and by Aria if renegade or if Samara is dead. It makes sense to me because they are a bit of a mirror image of each other, and also because Aria sitting in Purgatory doing nothing seems completely out of character, since she knows what a threat the Reapers are and that she would get the opportunity to weaken Cerberus by joining Shepard. Extra bonuses from that would be to get to see her point of view of all the different situations Shepard finds himself in, a possible romance with Shepard and possible confirmation of her being Aleena by Wrex. Seeing them reunited would be a great scene.
The same reason why I don't wanna plug myself into the matrix
In all seriousness, I would love this as an Easter egg. Star Wars is supposed to be set in the ancient past, so its Galactic civilization falling since then isn't impossible by any means.
I was gonna correct you until I saw the edit. I believe the theory that, as they were building the Crucible, the Council were also building an Ark and massive mass relay-like structure at the fringe of the galaxy, and that when news that Hammer failed to reach the beam reached the Council, they sent the order to launch the Ark towards Andromeda. The way I see this working is that the launching device would be more similar to an enormous version of Mass Effect's weapons than it would be to a relay. It would "shoot" the arc towards Andromeda. However, due to the lack of a receiving relay, the travel is both inaccurate and incomplete, and the occupants of the arc spend a few centuries in cryosleep before reaching whatever arm of Andromeda they land in.
No it isn't. There are plenty of possible reasons why we have found no evidence of life out there without the need for a Great Filter. Mass Effect for example is a fictional universe that shows a Milky Way that has dozens of sapient lifeforms who happen to be limited in where they can travel in the stars at their current level of technology. Ironically, there is an artificial filter in Mass Effect, but it is one that occurs long after a civilization has the ability to travel the galaxy, so it doesn't fit the criteria of the actual Great Filter There could be a corridor of FTL travel 2000 light years from Earth and we wouldn't know it. The Great Filter is very likely but far from proven or certain
Exactly. My [sense of wonder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sense_of_wonder) regarding the Universe has been reignited very recently thanks to Mass Effect, and I have to frequently remind myself that the grandiose travels and setpieces present in that franchise are fiction and probably completely impossible. Seeing a piece of information like this, which makes something as crazy as a Galactic civilization seem petty and unremarkable, is both incredibly sobering and intoxicating.
With you 100%. Though it may not appear to be the most pressing, space exploration is truly the most important issue to humanity, save for perhaps the preservation of our homeworld.
Asari for several reasons. - I would be able to start a family with one for starts. The very idea of having a child of another species is insane. Also, while they are not all attractive, many are, and they dig aliens, so I'd be in a good spot. - Their values are the closest to mine. Turians are way too militaristic for my taste, and while I'm fond of science like Salarians, their moral values and culture is too drastically different. The Asari themselves are no slouches when it comes to science, and they seem to have a great culture. - They are the most human-like in appearance, other than the quarians. Easier to integrate into. - Thessia looks beautiful.
I know pre-EC looked horrible and I'm glad I didn't have to suffer through that debacle. The issue is still present to an extent post EC as well. #3 is because I've read alternatives like "Shepard refuses to use the Crucible, but your EMS is high enough for the war to be won conventionally", which is impossible, more so than green Space Magic
OSS 117 is an amazing series. The main character is played by Jean Dujardin, the lead in The Artist.
Try lowering your graphic settings. I ran into a similar problem with ME3 and had to contend with half the characters always shaded like they were in the dark.
Go paragon/blue/Liara
I started multiplayer last week and never had to wait for games
A feeling I completely relate to. One of my major goals in life is to die elsewhere than on Earth. The further, the better. Humanity must stop living and dying in its crib, it's time to venture outward
Yes, it's the same situation for me. I think it's because Mass Effect is in a really solid position between hard sci-fi and space opera, so that it could both appeal to the scientist in me and to my emotions at once. It's got me lurking r/space more than ever. No other game could do that. I'll wait for results before celebrating, but I really think it may have salvaged my academic career haha.
Oh ok, is that dialogue from the game?
That clears it up then. Thanks!
Definitely a possibility
Best explanation so far. I'd forgotten that the SR1 couldn't come out of FTL in stealth mode.
I don't think it said that it was too big for atmospheric flights, just that certain high gravity planets would prevent it from taking off. Earth isn't high gravity. It might also have gotten an Alliance upgrade given that it was going to be Anderson's ship. Edit: (from the wiki) "...unlike the SR-1, the SR-2 cannot land on **every** planet—due to her increased mass—" Edit 2 : Also remember than even in ME2, the Normandy would dock on the surface of Illium just fine.
Unless an egg is snuck onto the Ark, there is simply no way.
Nah, all they do is make calls for donations to create a video series, receive many times the goal amount, and then they don't complete the series. The videos made are also pretty poor given the resources and time they take to produce. FF is a scam that is riding a modern issue for money, and it's working great. So if we're gonna have a discussion about the portrayal and role of Mass Effect's female characters, let's do it without bringing up an unnecessary and poor outside entity like FF.
What about Mars and Leaving Earth? Or even the credits from ME1? Too many great ones
Really? I loved Afterlife and Dark Star's tracks personally. Upper Afterlife especially, it evokes a feeling I can't even describe. Like awe at the fact that I'm in a nightclub on an asteroid in a star cluster pretty much diametrically opposed from Earth in the Milky Way, listening to a millennium old monogendered purple alien crime lord speak about herself. That's what comes out when I try to describe it. I guess that moment, with that music, was one of the moments in Mass Effect that struck me as "This is sci-fi; crazy but not completely impossible".
It's almost 100% sure that Andromeda won't synch with ME3 anyway, so that isn't something you should worry about
Agree. I usually hate DLC but with Mass Effect it's the opposite. I dropped so much money on them but I give no fucks, it was all worth it (except Overlord, that one was a bit meh)
I use it to refer to mankind, not America.
I understand your feelings about it, but on the other hand it would be way too unrealistic to be able to romance Liara with the little amount of narrative left at the point you were at. Liara's an innocent maiden in ME1, she's not gonna go for the romance without some meaningful interaction with you. I romanced Liara too on my playthrough, it was great. You won't regret the hassle of having to reload.
No, as long as you don't get her last, romancing is possible. So in your case before Virmire
True but I didn't have any DLC for my first playthrough so neither him nor Kasymi were part of the crew.
I realize that, but it's just that even after my choice Thane was giving positive feedback on his mission. I thought that was a little wink at me to confirm I had made a good choice
Unless the Yahg start flying during the century or so of harvest, they woudn't, otherwise they wouldn't have skipped Parnack, saving them for last has no real benefit. Also, remember that situation like this must have happened pretty often between cycles. The Protheans were much more advanced than the Council races during their harvest, probably because they were more developed when the harvest before theirs happened
The reasons why the game "wants you to" are: 1) Her role in the story, especially in number 3, places her closest to Shepard plotwise (new Vigil compiling etc) 2) The fact that she can romance both genders of Shepard means that any content written for her will reach more players with less lines recorded. 3) The fact that no matter your choices, it seems like Liara has a major crush on/is in love with Shepard. A lot of players get angry at this because "it goes against player choice in an RPG etc", except it doesn't, because the player doesn't control Liara, only Shepard. I really don't understand this complaint, if you don't want to go with Liara you don't have to. Just don't pick Paragon all the time when talking to or about her. That doesn't mean she won't act close to you because of her own feelings, so if you don't like that just shut her down. That sort of situation happens in real life too, it isn't unrealistic.
I doubt it or it would have been hinted at in the EC. I think it's exactly what it appears to be, a moment alone together.
There's no canon, but there is a default, like Shepard being a Soldier and stuff like that. Liara seems to be the default romantic partner as well.
I've yet to have Kaidan survive Virmire since I'm new to Mass Effect, but what you say sounds fun enough that I'll try it in my next playthrough haha
She is crucial, more so than literally any other companion throughout the series. By applying the criteria you just picked to justify that she's not crucial, you are also saying that pretty much no character is crucial other than Shepard, bar maybe Illusive Man. To say that is to diminish the impact of all the great characters that make up the cast of Mass Effect. Liara is the only character from Mass Effect 1 that is guaranteed to be in every storyline in ME3. She holds pieces of the puzzle necessary to understand the Prothean Beacon and stop Saren. The stuff she does on Mars couldn't be done by anyone else but a Prothean expert, which she is probably the best at. Short of rewriting the story and adding characters, Liara is one of the most important people in the trilogy. As for her being Shepard's best friend, that depends entirely upon the player. She will always try to be close to you because she wants to.
Some story DLCs are definitely integral, though you don't absolutely need them, you'd definitely be missing out on some subplots. You can find out which ones on the sidebar when you reach the games in question. The ME1 DLC is free but not completely necessary. I'll go fetch the link in a sec. Starting at 2 you get pretty important ones. In the end, if you love the franchise and aren't completely strapped for cash, you'll want the DLCs, if not, Mass Effect is still great without them. I hate the idea of DLC usually, but I love this series so much that I started "throwing my money at the screen" with 0 regrets, except for one DLC pack for ME2, which was decent but not completely worth the price to me. Edit: [Link to good DLC for ME1, don't download this if you buy the trilogy edition.](http://help.ea.com/en/article/mass-effect-bring-down-the-sky-dlc-redemption/) Thanks to u/Urdnot_Vex for the link
Well that's, like, your opinion man. No but sure if you don't like Liara that's fine, and you don't have to deal with her that much if you don't want to. She's in love with Shepard so she's obviously gonna seek you out once in a while. It's part of your Shepard's story and beyond his control. And she isn't canon LI, there is no canon anything. She is arguably the default one though.
The Turians obviously (since females are apparently not welcome in interstellar space judging for the number of them we see)
My favorite are the Asari for several reasons. - Liara is my favorite character, just squeaking ahead of Garrus and Tali. - Their reproduction system and its implications in a multi-species galaxy, combined with their longevity, is fascinating to me. - They are the dominant species, trying to always be the voice of reason and they are involved everywhere, yet in ME3 they suffer a slight fall from grace and that struck me as a good twist. - Thessia. Have you seen that planet? Holy shit. - I'm a heterosexual male. I think it also helped that they had a variety of facial structures in the character models, second only to humans. The Turians for example were far more generic. Least favorite: Salarians. Seriously screw those guys. They dropped the ball big time in ME3. Plus we don't get to meet enough of them to make them dear to me.
I strongly doubt you'd find anything remotely as scary as a black hole in the oceans of Earth
I personally found it to be perfectly fine throughout.
The word you're looking for is "hoard". "Horde" would describe Darkspawn or other large groups of barbarians.
&gt; Yes you do, in a Dragon Age game at least. You need cutscenes, real characters, interesting stories and at times choices would be good too. You do have those, in the main storyline, where they're supposed to be. Side quests are supposed to be minor.
Jesus you sound like someone insulted your mother. Do you tolerate anyone not worshiping the witcher or is your life's calling to go around insulting all those who don't.
I was also commenting in that original post. He was out of line then too. Calling fans of the games that the sub he was posting in is based on "fanboys" for disagreeing with his opinion.
If only more people recognized that fact. I've read that "X game is objectively the best" way too many times recently.
It's not about you or me. We aren't the ones launching rockets.
Again I don't hate the witcher, in case you'd forgotten. I think you are an idiot for insulting people who dislike what you do without other provocation. Or to put it in words you might understand: "I fucked ur mom last night. Umad bro?" Now you fuck off already, and enjoy summer while it lasts. 9th grade will be a crazy change for you in the fall, you won't have as much time to go around reddit insulting people who say they didn't really like the witcher's open world or prefer DA:I.
No one's forcing you to answer you moron.
Yup, atheists are the ones posting Dawkins verses in their social media bios and sharing memes about their beliefs.
This sub for the most part cares about public officials or people trying to become public officials using religious rhetoric and pushing for unconstitutional policy.
Atheism is not a unified movement. There are many different opinions that will get upvoted by the different types of atheist out there. You'll also find a reasonable amount of comments defending religious people who believe in secular government and stuff like that.
Yeah you wiped the floor with the other European teams, especially in 74.
Fuck water, ~~it's as shallow as a puddle~~, bring me ~~blood and~~ *wine*
&gt; CDPR is not like anyone else in the industry now. Anyone else making a RPG seems to have some kind of stick up their ass. And they somehow always answer to money more than fans. These morons are trying to make candy crush on a AAA title. Making a good game is irrelevant, they want to sell a platform from which they can make more. CDPR however, are bros. Just pure, thoroughbred bros. They set out to make the best game they possibly can make, and then they do that thing. No excuses. Even after W3 release, they worked tirelessly to pump out patches to fix issues and improve the game. CDPR should be given a nobel prize in being bros. What the actual fuck. My favorite part is the "working tirelessly to patch issues". If it was any other developer it'd be "fuck you for releasing an unplayable mess"
That's exactly who I thought of when I saw the dude lmao.
I really don't get what you were trying to go for here. This would've made much more sense from the POV of the girl and if the twins weren't in league with one another.
Since when is being skeptical a bad thing?
Yeah because the black woman vote has been so clearly pro bernie
Unless it's a CDPR game. The fact that there are thank you notes forged from their blood, sweat and tears in their games has convinced me to pre-order anything they create. Twice.
Dude, a link to the circle jerk thread in question gets posted in reply anytime a comment or post gets shared on that sub. It's not some secret thing were people mock others behind their backs. It's very open and obvious, the OP even gets a notification that it's happening., and you are free to pop over into that thread anytime and try to unjerk it. So no, it is not in any way a "safe space". You either don't know what the term means or you're intentionally misusing it like most people bitching about PC or safe spaces do.
That meme is fucking disgusting. I can't tell what's worse, how it's absolutely dripping with vanity or the fact that it makes fun of people with mental disabilities. Fuck that guy and his shitty English.
You can do whatever the fuck you want, and people can respond however they want. I'm not gonna explain to you the basics of how people interact anymore.
Ok Cersei
&gt; This is not a valid comparison. Digital products cost nothing for me to make a copy of. The developer did not magically lose money or resources just because I pirated a game. &gt; they aren't entitled to money just because they made a game This guy's delusion that he is entitled to play something for free if he doesn't like the price he would need to pay to play the game is insane.
You could watch an entire season oh GoT in a month, or two at the most. That's 15 dollars on HBO Now. 1.5 dollars per episode. But it would be ridiculous for you to have to pay that right? And also for you to just abstain from watching then. You want your cake and eat it too. GoT is an expensive show to produce. It is a show that many people enjoy. So HBO keeps financing it with the implicit understanding that they will recoup their losses and make a profit because the viewers will pay to see the show, as part of the HBO line up. You are betraying that understanding. You enjoy the show, but do not support its creation. You can repeat that it's 2016 as much as you want, as if that makes what you do justified, but that basic fact doesn't change. You don't even have the shaky excuse that you don't have the hardware to enjoy the product like you do with WiiU games. You have a PC. You could pay 1.5 dollars an episode, for a total of 15 dollars, once a year, to watch the show. No "hostageware". Just you stealing the right to enjoy a product.
Pray tell, what is stealing? I know this is an absolutely insane idea, but hear me out. This is how you watch GoT in a month: you wait till the season is over, when all episodes are available at once, and watch it then. If you want to follow the show as it is released, you can wait to watch the first couple episodes and then just pay 30 dollars for 2 months. Or 3 dollars per episode, to watch them any time after they air during those 2 months without commercials. Yes, I'm a child for believing that you should pay for the entertainment you consume. Unlike you, I don't have the maturity to feel entitled to anything I want.
Ever heard of intellectual property? It's a thing. A thing that you take without property or legal right to do so. We've had a service industry for quite a few decades now, what you can buy is no longer restricted to physical goods. You can steal (or whatever equivalent word you want to use) services. It's 2016 buddy, get with the times. Yes, 90 dollars for 60 hours of entertainment. Good entertainment. What a ripoff. You could also compromise a bit between illegal theft and legal consumption. You know, pay 15 or 30 dollars to watch the show as it airs, and then pirate it to have a copy to rewatch. What am I saying, that would be too honest of you. I'm not naive. Rather, I understand hiw the real world works beyond my desktop. I know that if I do not reward the creators of content I enjoy, then I am undermining it's continued creation. I am also freeloading off of people who are paying, and also that everybody can't steal it like me, or that soon there will be no more to pirate. Finally, I am exploiting the very real and very not digital labor of those producing the content I enjoy. Again, your feeling entitled to what you want, when you want, how you want and with or without the consent of the proprietor truly is the mark of a mature and adult person. Maybe one day I'll be able to act the way you and my 5 year old niece do.
I agree but then in certain cases that can cost you a goal, if the guy tapping it in is offside for example.
How is this relevant?
Take a cue*. They aren't waiting in line
It's slightly more unfair I guess. But not enough to warrant being scraped for following tournaments IMO. It's in the same spirit as traditional group stages.
Haha glad I could help. The DLCs are a ton of fun.
No he didn't
God damn the Reddit 1984 boner is ridiculous. Not everything that is stupid or fucked is relevant to 1984
Are you implying that religion is not relevant to the puritanical standards of violence and sex?
You guys just had sleep paralysis, which, like many conditions, you can be genetically predisposed to.
Jon sent out his own army to get slaughtered. Those deaths are 90% on him at the very least.
Wun Wun
We were just their sub, they were a little preoccupied.
I'm pretty sure it's considered a win to win in extra time and a draw when you win by PKs
And then crawls out.
Fuck 1 to 10, the Mainlander to Mormont exchange rate just crashed more than the pound with that speech. She just emasculated all of the North's bannermen. Also, I really hope we see a Lady Mormont and Queen of Thorns face -to -face at some point. Olenna won't be able to shut her up like she did the Sand Snakes.
If you payed attention you'd notice all the Martell and Tyrell ships in the fleet and would realize that he didn't sail to Meereen and back.
Cersei, who claims to love nothing more than her children, causes her daughter's death by pushing for petty revenge towards Tyrion, and then causes her son's by trying to get back at the Tyrells.
She has no claim to the throne either. I understand that there is a sort of power vacuum at the moment in King's landing, but what does she hope to accomplish by crowning herself? No one will respect that.
I thought only men could take the Black? Is Melisandre even eligible?
1) That's all her fault. She blindly gave a man she didn't understand power to punish her. 2) There's no way she would be put to death. She just had to confess to adultery to ensure that. 3) Her son would have been absolutely fine. She inadvertently killed him instead.
Technically it's Jon Sand.
They have no evidence of that sin, the one they imprisoned her on in the first place was having sex with Lancel. She didn't need to confess to incest to get off the hook. So yeah, Tommen would have been fine and she would have survived.
True forgot about that. Either way Tommen was safe though.
"All the way down and back, with you dragging me on that sled"
I'm pretty sure the Tower of Joy is located in Dorne, though it does seem close to the Stormlands so I might be mistaken about where the border is. If the Tower of Joy is in the Stormlands, he is Jon Storm; if not, Jon Sand. I'm surprised he is named Jon Snow in the first. You'd think Lady Cat would insist on him having a southern bastard name, whether Storm, Sand, or even Flowers, since Ned came back with Jon from the war. Would make Jon that much more illegitimate if he wasn't born in his father's lordship.
"Nah, let's go to Essos and borrow a Stallion from the Dothraki"
That is by far her biggest flaw. I did like that, despite being a proud and angry woman who hated Jon, she acknowledged how unfair she was to him and seemed truly repentant before she died. She's a flawed character, she's human, but she's not a bad person. Had the war been won, I think she would have paid him a visit at Castle Black in the future.
Ah yeah. What was that tournament? The "World Cup" was it? Joke of a tournament back then. It only really started in 66.
No, not particularly friendo.
Less unsullied I think. She scarcely has 10000 in the first place, and plenty die before she sails for Westeros. I'd say 8000 at most.
What Germans are you referring to? Please don't tell me you're thinking of the ones from the 30s and 40s.
You are so ignorant of what you speak of it isn't even funny. Despite what your grandma's memes on facebook tell you, lack of gun rights was not the deciding factor in the Holocaust, nor was it ever close to it. It was one of many, many restrictions placed upon Jews, the most effective of which were limitations on their employment rights, and segregation, both of which caused German Jews to lose their standing, their wealth, and most importantly, helped vilify them in the eyes of the broader population. When Jews were sent to camps, they were, for the most part, going without the slightest idea of what was to come. As such, even if had been still allowed to bear arms, the vast majority would not have tried to use them, and the few who might have would end up dead anyway. Guns for Jews in WW2 were pretty much a non-factor. As for the rest of the Germans, Hitler encouraged gun ownership at the same time as he cracked down on freedom of speech, making your whole tirade about the right to bear arms being the primary indicator of freedom pretty much moot.
Lol "it's obvious why it's occuring". Ever hear about hindsight being 20/20? How the fuck was it obvious to the Jews that they were being sent to death camps? " Just get up to the second floor and look out the window" What would that accomplish? Were the soldiers parading posters advertising the features of their Polish Extermination camps?
Yes, not that that is relevant. Sexual consent is not implied. The social contract is. You willingly engage in society by living in it. The costs are known to you. There is no equivalent in sex.
Ok, now you're contradicting yourself in successive comments, so there's no point in continuing this discussion. The point is, firearms were not the deciding factor, nor were they close to it. You think only in extremes, are clearly unable to shed your ability to see in hindsight and judge given the context of the times, and generally have little knowledge of what you speak of.
Buddy, I can't keep holding your hand and explain every single bit of reasoning to you. If you can't see the difference between you engaging in society and using it and having to pay for it by doing publicly acknowledged actions, like making sure to respect the law and pay taxes; and you and another person committing a single act limited in time and space, then you are either willingly not understanding, trolling, or just plain stupid. I don't know which it is, and I honestly don't really care anymore.
"They're just bullshit". Incredible argument. I can't counter that. I'll leave you be now. But just so you know, I agree with you on one of those 2. Not simply because I found it inconvenient to my preconceived world view though.
I don't think it's wrong at all. Many of the individual's obligations in regards to the contract are delayed until the individual is an adult. As a minor, people learn about the concepts of taxation and laws. It's like an extended trial, during which the main obligations you will have in the future are presented to you as concepts, whether in the classroom or in daily life. If you don't want to fulfill those, you may leave the contract. Go live outside of society, alone or with others, and there you go. If you choose to continue to live in society upon reaching adulthood, you are indeed implying your consent to begin contributing. Of course the social contract is far from perfect, but it is more than enough to counter the stupid idea that any taxation is theft.
I do not study philosophy. Your loved ones are free to join you if they wish. If they don't then yes, you have to choose between freedom from society or your family. Many choices have negative consequences no matter you choose. That's the reality of a non ideal world. I fail to see how this somehow makes it a non voluntary choice. Several people have chosen, voluntarily, to withdraw from society. Everyone is free to do so. I could today if I payed off what little debt I voluntarily put myself in. But because society provides so many benefits, most do not. And I don't see how it's very debatable. We are not at a point where society is self sustaining to the point that it can continue to provide benefits without input from its citizens. The contract is necessary to sustain society. If you don't believe the contract is valid, do you think people should be able to withdraw from their obligations at will while still benefiting from society? Do you think taxes should be optional? Or do you think that they are justified by something else than the social contract? If not, do you really think society would stay functional? I am no philosopher, I'm an engineer. But I don't see what there is to debate, other than the details of the contract. Until people are threatened with violence for withdrawing, or until automation is so advanced that scarcity is no longer an issue, I don't see the social contract as void.
You can't decide how you feel about someone. Feelings are irrational. She probably could have treated him better, but she didn't. She acknowledges all that you just said, that she was wrong and didn't do enough to challenge her emotions. She doesn't just say she feels bad, she said that she wronged Jon unfairly. That's the best she could do at that point.
I read the part about consent in what you linked. What I got from it is that there is no consensus and a few different viewpoints, Yours seems to be ii) in the doc, which is that consent in non-ideal conditions is non-binding. I believe that consent is binding if it was not given under duress, which makes the obligations of a citizen binding for as long as they wish to partake in society.
I was a Niceguy till the summer between freshman and sophomore year of college. That's when I got majorly depressed and I had plenty of time for both thinking and self-pity. As horrible as it was it made me grow the fuck up.
We don't have any evidence that RBA aren't full-blooded Eldians as far as I can tell. Maybe she got it from a vial, but there's nothing that suggests so, so I'm going with the simpler explanation: that's the Titan Power that she inherited.
The fact that this is a real comment is hilarious and sad at the same time. "Sanders=Communism=Breadlines" Top tier reasoning there.
Or watch O'Reilly on Fox. That fuckers always tries to paint the " War on Christmas" in the most vivid way possible.
Lol the fact that you even equate progressive tax brackets to robbery is enough to know that you are a lost cause. The free market and socialism exist side by side in Western European countries. They don't have planned economies or breadlines. Some, like Greece, are in deep shit, there's no denying it, but the worst economic crisis in 80 years didn't help. And speaking of a major economic crisis, the very much not socialist United States of America had its fair share of breadlines in the 1930s. Many socialist countries don't have breadlines and industrialized capitalist nations have had breadlines. It's almost like basic equalities like "socialism = breadlines" are wrong, and statements like "Bernie will make America have breadlines in 4 years like North Korea" are stupid bullshit.
America only represents a little over 1% of your claimed total TV viewing (9.5 vs 900) despite representing 5% of the world population and definitely being top 3 (if not first) in TV consumption per capita in the world. You must have made an error somewhere because your numbers don't add up.
Damn you just keep jumping around from issue to issue. One second it's lack of free market, the next it's progressive tax bracket before finally Federal Reserve complaints. The Federal Reserve did not cause the Great Recession. That's a complete post hoc fallacy. Also, the fact you seem to be advocating for a return to the pre-WW1 situation is really weird.
I didn't bring up the Federal Reserve. I brought up bread lines in a capitalist country during a crisis similar to the one putting socialist countries like Greece and Spain under duress. You brought up the Federal reserve being implemented 16 years prior to the Great Depression and implied that it caused it, which is a post hoc. Back to the original point, saying that Bernie's vision of socialism in America (which is still light compared to some Western European socialism) will turn the number one world economy into a place where there are mass food shortage in 4 to 8 years is absolutely idiotic and not based on any sort of reality. It's some Red Scare bullshit.
I get that the Law of Physics being universal is an axiom of science and almost certainly true, but we don't really have any proof of it do we? We've never tested that as far as I know. What if, in reality, there was something similar to Vernor Vinge's zones, where the laws of physics are different at different distances from the center of the galaxy. What if something like the overall distribution of mass on a galactic scale changed things that we thought were constants. We'd have no way of knowing really, not as long as we don't leave the Sol System at least. To be clear, I know this is very very unlikely, but I don't see why it isn't possible.
What clear evidence does she have that he helped kill him? She doesn't know the details of what happened.
The Karstarks leaving would have happened anyway. Had she not released Jaime, Lord Karstark would have killed him and Robb would have had to execute him. Catelyn delayed that, though that wasn't her goal.
I'm not sure. My intuition is that titans are automatically attracted to Titans than produce vocal sounds because they instinctively "know" that they are shifters and they instinctively "want" to eat shifters more than usual humans. We don't know either way.
He executed Karstark both for murdering kids and treason. Jaime was the North's most valuable prisoner. Robb wouldn't just give Karstark a slap on the wrist for murdering his best bargaining chip.
What? I'm not sure which dagger you're talking about, but the one used to attempt to murder Bran was Joffrey's. Littlefinger just said it was his to try to implicate Tyrion. It's unclear what she believes after Tyrion's trial, but she has no proof of Littlefinger participating in Ned's murder.
I have no idea why you think that there is some hard limit that will prevent ultra-advanced AI or biotech from existing a thousand years from now, or that humanity won't colonize other parts of the solar system. Hell, with fast enough ships and greatly extended life expectancy, we could have interactions between colonies in different solar systems in the year 4000. I don't know what science you specialize in, but you are wrong about those things being impossible.
Also remember that Andromeda is going to be trying to copy the witcher 3 by including mechanics present since the first Mass Effect game.
Computational constructs as advanced as the Geth probably use quantum computing. They would be no more predictable than our brain. And mind you, because you are predictable does not make you not sapient.
Yes, we will. Maybe not in 200 years, but eventually we will be able to to a very high degree. Not 100%, but close enough. Computing will continue to improve and allow for more and more factors to be accounted for in the study of biology. Because that level of accuracy is a pipe dream today doesn't mean that sometime in the potential tens of thousands of years our species will persist we won't be able to do achieve it. A man of science 100 years ago would have a very hard time even conceiving of things like the internet or AlphaGo, so neither you nor I can really imagine the things people will come up with in the coming thousands of years. The only things you can really dismiss are things that are inherently impossible, like FTL, though there are still some who are unconvinced about those limits as well. I started reading the essay you linked, but I had to stop when he dismissed the "eggs in a basket" argument for space colonization by saying that all the people alive on Earth today will be dead by the time an extinction event happens and that we therefore shouldn't care. That betrays a completely selfish view of the world that I do not share whatsoever. The author can not give a shit about anything beyond himself and his acquaintances if he wants, but it's not a valid general argument. I skimmed some of the rest and it was just him talking about the incredible distances involved in space travel etc. I know those things, I don't need reminding. We already have theoretical models, with things like using positrons and electrons to travel at a sizable proportion of the speed of light. That's not to mention the things that will be within the realm of possibility 3000 years from now. Maybe I'm overly optimistic, but I find it pretty pessimistic of you to think the way you do about future technological advances.
It's not perfect but it beats either getting the sub banned or the current picture-only bs. The strikes would help mitigate the problem, and eventually checking the sub once you stumble upon GCJ material to be sure it wasn't already posted will become a habit.
Okay but then your system isn't just the paper, it's the paper plus the dude or girl processing the data. They together can be considered a very very slow replica of the brain that was mapped.
Don't worry, if the downvotes hurt you so much, you have a safe space in r/The_Donald where all dissenters are banned.
The Quarians are as stupid as they were in previous games and the Geth were desperate. I like ME3 more than ME2 for almost everything except the endings.
I use the friendly UI mod and i'm pretty sure it allows you to pause mid conversation to turn subtitles on
Are these posts back? Thank Geraldo.
I wouldn't say that you are no different. The first 14 years of your life are a pretty big deal
I played 10 hours and had to just stop because it was becoming a chore. The story seemed pretty good and the atmosphere wasn't bad, but the voice acting and models were bad imo, even for a 2007 game. The combat is what really made me stop. Looking at the skill tree, it seems like it might get a little more interesting as you level up, but I hated it. Minor complaint, but it also had a really immature approach to portraying sex. Some people do like though, so give it a few hours I guess. I'll probably try it again someday.
I can empathize with that, but trying to make it out to be a financial issue seems to be a bit petty. And I haven't read the books so I can't fairly judge, but it wouldn't surprise me if the witcher games are better games than the books are books if that makes any sense.
Rhaegar was buddies with them. As much as they talk about honor, as Jaime put it in S3, you have to pick and choose what rules to follow. If you are sworn to obey the royal family and the heir orders you to protect his blood, do you do so even if it means not doing your default duty of protecting the rest of the royal family. I think their friendship with Rhaegar allowed them to look the other way and obey an order that prioritized a minority of the royal family over the rest of it.
Now I want to see a Nivea add with Geralt in it.
Like half of every house sworn directly to the Great Houses (like the Daynes sworn to the Martells) were once styled as kings of whatever. Kings of Tarth, Kings of the Barrows, Kings of Fair Isle etc.. That was thousands of years ago. They are still minor houses in the grand scheme of things.
My PS3 had dynamic backgrounds too.
This comment thread wasn't started by you you idiot.
No you fucking idiot, it was started by the guy who you replied to, whose comment is clearly about people trying to enforce their religious practices or standards through legislation. Your reply is either wrong, since such legislation or attempts to legislate exists, or off topic. You're the slow one here
Lol you're delusional. Everyone knows conversations are started by replies.
The lack of self awareness is hilarious. Add some more exclamation marks, it will make your comments louder, might make you feel less stupid.
What imaginary comment of mine are you getting that quote from? Are you off your meds buddy?
Yeah, "dragons" are totally the only reason people think GoT is a great show.
I did realize that he was a troll at this point.. But just because of that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy making fun of him, so I kept going.
Yeah the best adaptation isn't the necessarily the most faithful to the source. But I disagree, I fucking hated Shae, and not in the "I hate Ramsey and Joffrey" way. Book Shae isn't much better, but at least I don't have her accent tearing my ear drums when I read.
The point is that Eragon copied Episode 4 nearly plot point by plot point
No he just needs to be able to picture it. Watching it on TV would be sufficient
Not in the movie, which is how he gets to just jump around to pretty much every landmark on Earth.
If that was the case, how could he jump into a bank vault?
CDPR made one crappy action RPG, one good action RPG and one amazing action-adventure game with lots of RPG elements. Therefore, CDPR are qualified to make amazing games of all genres, from FPSs to RTSs to procedural space exploration survival games. LOGIC
I love Inquisition. It gets too much shit.
You think ME3 is the worst AAA game released since 2007? Wow. I love ME3, except for the Cerberus parts and the very average final mission. As for the rest of your other comment, we'll just have to disagree I guess. DA2 was frustrating and I don't really want to play it again, but I still thought it was a cool game to play once. DA:I I do want to replay, I just don't have the time to justify playing a huge game like that again.
INSANE AND INFURIATING
Moro probably would be overkill yeah, so maybe just the pup.
He could, but Geralt usually parries them I think, and he wouldn't expect them to come with such strength.
I just finished HOS after finishing the main story, and it feels out of place to me. I'd recommend doing it as soon as you are near the appropriate level.
I was under the impression that she was older than that. My bad.
I got second-hand embarrassment from reading that comment chain, especially the "appreciation for Polish culture" thrown in there. "Like wow guyz, can we appreciate Master Gepetto from Poland going to his candlelit workshop and making the Witcher by hand. In Poland, they don't have electricity, so they handcraft every quest with a chisel and hammer" "Handcrafted" is a word used for physical objects for fuck's sake. You don't handcraft stories or software, you hancraft chairs or bowls. They just chose to use "handcrafted" because it sounds cultured. And beyond that, the default for game development is "handcrafting"; games that generate most of their content procedurally are rare enough that they use it as a marketing point. Even the worst activision micro-transacted skin is "handcrafted" by a dude with a mouse and keyboard. The Witcher is very well written, but it isn't unique in that as it sounds like when reading these comments, just like it didn't pioneer any of the shit that r/witcher seems to claim it does.
You are so fucking bad at talking shit lmao. Give up trolling buddy, it isn't your thing.
If you're looking up Holocaust denial, you're probably doing it out of confirmation bias and not actually to form an opinion. Dropping it in search results will barely do any good but opens the door for real bad shit. That being said, I'm not against using that in another hypothetical situation, but it better have a good reason for it.
Blowing hot and cold. When he's on he's the best attacking player, scoring and assisting. When he's off, he's very wasteful, though he does have bad games that he turns around completely with one or two amazing moments. Not his best season but still a valuable player.
You weren't just listing the conditions for a good ending, you started by saying it isn't handholding like Mass Effect, which implies that you think it's good. If you don't want to discuss it further that's fine, but I wanted to point out why I disagree.
Wow that's good to know, and apparently borders don't affect her either.
In the post-EC state of the ending, the "Pallet Swap" complaint makes little sense. "RGB" are not the endings, they're the last choice in the series, and they determine a large part of the ending, but it still changes a lot based on your war readiness (not to mention the other big decisions like the Genophage etc). I've also seen the complain that all we got at the very end was a slideshow and that which races survived didn't matter etc... That's really weird to me, because plenty of great RPGs end with a slideshow with narration but don't get shit for it, and whether the races survive or not is its own payoff.
Yeah but it's not like you know that confidence is what's going to save her. What if discipline was the difference maker in the end? Overall, it's realistic in terms of unforeseen consequences but that doesn't necessarily make it good for the game.
It's Emhyr's glossary pic, it doesn't take any scrutinizing to tell. Once you've accidentally read the title it's obvious who they are and what it means. Is r/StarWars the only sub on reddit? r/masseffect , r/asoiaf , r/gameofthrones and plenty others have rules about spoilers in titles and how to tag them. r/witcher does as well. It takes 2 seconds to tag a post, I don't understand why you are so opposed to the idea.
There's no need to report, it's been fixed.
Lmao are you gonna let this conversation die or not.
And as Lady of Time and Space haha.
Seriously I'm sick of seeing comments saying that the EU population has no say in its governance. It's complete bullshit. The EU Parliament is actually more representative than many of the member countries' own legislatures. Parties like the French Front National have had seats in the EU Parliament for years, even before their current popularity.
"Also, in case you missed me saying it the other times: Fuck Roach"
You have very little control over how Geralt acts compared to most other RPGs. Geralt will insult people without your input, start a fight without your input etc. Hell, most conversations only offer you 2 dialogue options, one of which is optional and the other needed to further the conversation.
Yes it is. Christians and Jews ignore plenty of parts of the Bible that would be incompatible with modern society
Jesus didn't say to ignore the OT lol. That's just not true.
He indeed stated that his coming did not invalidate the Old Testament. Therefore, the Old Testament is still valid. He came to fulfill the OT in that he was the Messiah promised by it. If he wanted to replace the old laws with his new laws of love, he would have stated that his appearance did invalidate the OT's harsh commandments.
Not easy to ignore extreme Christians in some parts of Africa if you're gay. And anyway, that's completely irrelevant to what I said.
Is this a real comment? You have several atheist homophobic African exchange students in your dorm, therefore Africans in general are homophobes regardless of religion? Maybe their cultural background, which was partially based on Christianity, has made them homophobic without they themselves being Christians?
Try setting it on alternative controls, it's better. The points is that Geralt's movement is supposed to be realistic in that he has momentum when he's jogging. It works in open fields and sprints but becomes very awkward in close quarters.
Where did I deny them agency exactly? By saying that their cultural background has influenced them? As if yours didn't influence you and mine didn't influence me. Nothing to do with race.
Honestly, not being able to play because the Ubi servers are down is bullshit.
Lol did you follow this conversation at all? I'm not excusing their behavior, this isn't what the comment chain is about. I'm saying that just because those particular Africans are atheist does not mean their homophobic values weren't massively influenced by Christianity, even if indirectly. If you don't get that, you either aren't paying attention or you're an idiot.
Most conversations feature only 2 options, the white text being for exposition and the yellow for advancing the conversation, meaning you have to eventually pick it. It is definitely not rare, and though it does happen less often in the main storyline, over half of the times the convo pauses for you to select an option, only 2 will be present. I haven't played Fallout or Skyrim, but in comparison to Dragon Age games, where you will have 3 options to further the convo on the right side of the dialogue wheel (equivalent to the yellow options in Witcher 3) as well as the "Investigate" options on the left (equivalent to the white options in W3), the dialogue options in TW3 are lacking. And that's just dialogue options, then there's things like not being able to choose to kill the Hym from the start with Cerys because Geralt agrees to try to trick it without your input, or Geralt immediately punching the Red Baron after finding out about him beating Anna and starting a fisfight, again without your input. I also remember not being able to agree to Emhyr's demand that Voorhis would lead the Nilfgaardian soldiers at Kaer Mohren, because Geralt straight up refuses. I liked Voorhis, and besides, more soldiers were really needed. But Geralt doesn't, and I can't change that. Which is why I find your statement that no AAA RPG even comes close to TW3 in terms to character choices to be really bizarre, because I think it's the opposite. And that's not to say TW3 isn't as good or even better than games like DA:I, because the more rigid structure allowed it to have a better overall story and helped the writing. It's just definitely not the best in terms of character choices.
The guy is also saying that TW3 has the best character choices of any AAA RPG, which is crazy to me given the lack of dialogue choices and Geralt's predefined personality, especially with games like Dragon Age and Mass Effect around. The Witcher 3 is fantastic, but it isn't the best at everything, no game can be.
It's not like they claimed that this picture pictured most of the world population. You're getting upset over a claim that no one made
So what?
It's a tradition that brides wear white dresses. It also used to be tradition that brides were virgins, but most of us have moved past that.
Brides in medieval times didn't wear white, they wore any color they wanted. And this is a fictional world as you said, who knows what their traditions are. The tradition that was mentioned above is clearly one from our world and from the recent past.
Same to me. Not sure why this is post worthy. Edit: Nevermind, the dude he kills ends up flying away, dunno how I didn't see it at all the first few times.
I'll be honest, I've never met a Chad in real life.
As good as it is as a DLC, BaW would not be a good standalone. I would be disappointed with it as a standalone game for the price.
What joke?
There's nothing objective about that lol, you're just mistaking your opinion for fact.
The game is made for adults or at the very least late teens. Kids see adult material all the time, from R rated movies to M rated games to actual porn online, but that isn't the fault of the people producing the material. The only way to stop that would be to stop producing entertainment for adults altogether, which won't happen. Watch your kids instead of trying to censor my stuff.
He doesn't look like an idiot, he looks like a smartass. He's intelligent and full of himself, so he most likely doesn't see the problem.
That's what thralldom is. There's no slave trade on the Iron Islands.
Then think about the fact that the little volume that is full of matter is 99% empty because of the nature of the atom. The universe is a void
People in tourist areas can. The average French person is not bilingual. And speaking at a basic conversational level is not the same as being bilingual. Edit: That being said, I'm not going to deny that the people you spoke to may have been bilingual. I just see this "most Europeans are bilingual" concept on reddit all the time which I consider a complete myth and wanted to challenge it..
Being able to have a basic conversation in English doesn't make one bilingual.
Lol stop assuming things about people. I speak French and have spent a long time in France. I'm not some dude who visited Paris for a week while obnoxiously asking things in English. Most French people can handle having a very basic conversation in English, more so in tourist areas, but not nearly to the level of being bilingual.
There are different levels of fluency. I don't consider native level to be the threshold for bilingual status, especially as far as accents are concerned, but you have to be able to speak semi-comfortably about non-technical subjects for an extended period of time in my opinion. That isn't the level that most French people are at.
A few years ago, I would have been able to converse with Italian tourists, but that doesn't mean I was fluent in Italian. I was at a conversational level. It sounds to me that you visited Europe as a tourist (though I may be wrong of course) and that you were able to converse with a bunch of people. If so, I think you either got lucky with who you ran into, stuck mostly to tourist areas, or are extrapolating too much from the locals' ability to speak at a conversational level
As if that post wasn't about your feelings.
His "k" sounds at the end of words sounded so guttural it was weird as hell.
There are lone protons floating in space, even in intergalactic space. That's one electron away from hydrogen.
This isn't to escape the Reapers, and the Quarians are not a Council race anyway. I'd actually be surprised if there were any quarians in the arks.
And sometimes democrats are bad because they're corrupt pieces of shit. Might be better than being a fascist Oompa-Loompa, but it still isn't good. Blanket statements about the other side serve only to polarize politics further.
That's a really stupid opinion, especially from an aspiring engineer. The whole point of engineering is to solve problems in the most efficient ways, not to grandstand. A giant wall is serious overkill when its only uses are to stop a few mexicans and give you something to jerk off to.
The culturally French inhabitants of Belgium are called Wallons, yes, and likewise for the Flemish in the north, but it's not wrong to call one group French and the other Dutch.
Americans and the English are much more different culturally than the Wallons and the French. Americans and English are both Anglo-Saxon. The Wallon are culturally French, I'm not sure what there is to explain. Just because the area they live in is not under the sovereignty of the major French nation doesn't mean they aren't. They're probably one of the more fringe groups within French culture, but they still are part of it.
Insulting idiots wasn't what won Trump the election, it was picking such an unpopular democratic candidate. Someone like Biden would have run away with the election. The DNC is too corrupt and incompetent to see that though.
Seriously, this is some ugly-ass character art, nothing like Ghibli. Not to mention that CK2 and Ghibli movies are pretty opposed in tone for the most part.
Buzzwords? Like declaring the UK's "independence day" after Brexit, despite the UK having already been sovereign and having representation within the EU which was direct legislatively and indirect executively?
Where does millions of Republicans calling Obama an undercover muslim ISIS operative/terrorist lover fit into that convenient world view of yours?
Are you calling Hitler socialist, as in left wing?
Most likely a few million. Yeah, it holds if you ignore the parts where it doesn't, like the one I just brought up.
"Objectively"
No, not objectively. Plenty of people don't mind the ending that much, some even like it.
You never need to ask those questions. You can go through dialogue in Bioware game without asking for more information. They need to leave that option in for elven player because how else would you, the human playing the game, know about Mythal.
I've had a lowborn Summer Islander bastard with like 23 or the like duel multiplier join and serve from the age of like 20 to 67. He became LC and became a torturer. He didn't like the new king after succession and ended up getting him kidnapped. I ransomed myself out and then imprisoned him. He demanded a trial by combat and beat another kingsguard knight who had like 20 multiplier. Then he assassinated the king, presumably with the money from the ransom. He died of grayscale like 5 years later in his late sixties.
There are race specific dialogue options and this is definitely a moment where they would have used it if you were an elf.
The good ole Roose Bolton approach.
I was gonna type it all out but I got lazy lol. Since you asked though I'll keep going. - Eragon Skywalker runs home after realizing the Empire will be after the Dragon Star plans, but finds his uncle dead and his house burning. With nothing keeping him, he agrees to join Obi-Bronn, who trains him in the ways of the Jedi-Riders. - An easy one is Murtagh Solo, the Rogue. - Obi-Bronn ends up dying during an escape from the empire. - Eragon Skywalker and Murtagh Solo rescue Princess Arya Leia from the empire, and they all travel to the Varden Alliance. - Upon arrival, Murtagh Solo refuses to join the Varden Alliance - Final Battle occurs, good guys win, with Murtagh Solo joining the fight. Big difference here is that the Vader character, played by the Shade, is actually killed, which requires a new character to take up the job. Credit where credit is due. The Eldest Strikes Back: - Eragon Skywalker must travel to the deep forests to meet the last Jedi Rider, Yoda Oromis, an old cripple, who trains him. - Eragon Skywalker leaves early to rejoin the fight, as the Empire and Rebels are in open conflict. Eragon is bested by another Jedi-Rider (who is Murtagh), and the dude drops a bombshell when he reveals that "I am your brother", before stealing Eragon's glowing sword that he got from his father. On the positive side, the whole Roran subplot is completely unrelated to Star Wars. The last huge plot similarity is the beginning of the Return of Brisingr. - Opens with a rescue operation led by a more mature, confident, and powerful Eragon Skywalker, who now makes much better use of his Jedi Rider powers. After that, it diverges pretty much completely. Also, disclaimer, I don't think the fact that early Eragon rips plot points off of Star Wars too bad because some of the concepts are handled differently. There's no equivalent to characters like the Dragons for example.
No homo, but Garrus Vakarian
Hannity is legitimately the dumbest anchor I've ever seen on television. How anyone could consider him worthy of hosting a show is incredible. He's also overly sensitive. He should be in elementary school, not on national TV.
You ever hear of Western Europe?
Hannity calls everyone that doesn't agree with him a snowflake.
Lolwhat. He assisted the goal too
Bale
So it's the Portuguese equivalent to fuck then
Zidane knocked Ronaldo's Portugal team out in the semis of the 2006 World Cup, so he's witnessed his talent in person. I agree that he likely has immense respect for the man
Him and Bale. Both instrumental to our champions league success (less this season for Bale)
And yet there were since Madrid fans calling for hours firing over the team's tendency to cross lol
&gt; stays as a one club man Stop I can only get so erect
Unfortunately I doubt Enzo will be good enough to ever be a regular
Hard to judge. I think he's definitely the best we've ever had, but I'm not sure he's the greatest. That might still be Di Stefano
Not an issue with all or most muslims no
Those might make you feel better but they won't stop the problem. Your temporary halt will do nothing to stop radicalized citizens, who are the ones committing pretty much all the attacks. Taking away social aid for incoming immigrants will not stop them from coming, it will simply make their lives harder. Poverty has always been fertile grounds for violence and extremism, so even if fewer come it won't do much to reduce the risk. In the meantime, hundreds of thousands of innocents will struggle. If these policies of yours are targeted specifically to Muslims, they'll foster division and resentment, which will again make the problem worse. Those are not solutions, they are punishments against a section of the populating that is for th most part innocent. The only direct solution is to improve counter-terrorism prevention and response. Catch the individuals and groups who try to commit these atrocities. But this has to be carefully counterbalanced to make sure the government doesn't try to use surveillance against the population. Preventing a few dozen deaths will be scant consolation if the people surrender their freedom to big brother in the process
Some of them shoot up abortion clinics. 99% of western Christians don't though. Just like 99% of western Muslims aren't running around bombing concerts. They're just trying to live their life.
How many attacks have there been in Europe over the last year?
Stay strong. We westerners have to simultaneously eradicate extremism and protect the peaceful law-abiding citizens of our nations. Only then will we be able to declare victory in this struggle.
Funny I didn't see him say that the people who did this weren't pieces of shit or guilty, nor did he belittle what happened.
If they go to receive training to be terrorists then no, they are not innocent and should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. However, as a counter, I know people who have visited "terror nations" semi-regularly to visit family. So a straight up ban would again punish innocents, including a few straight up non-muslim western kids who went to Iran to visit their grandparents for example.
"Your point is mute" lmao. The word you are looking fore is moot, buddy.
I am too. I don't like homophobes of any religion.
Go fuck yourself
Tokyo has suffered terrorist attacks as well, you are a fool if you believe otherwise. Every metropolis is ready to face attacks, that is not a controversial statements.
"It seems like" and "It does" are not the same thing. There have not been terrorist attacks once a week in western Europe over the last year or the last few years. I doubt it would even be once a month.
We don't stand for this now. It just so happens your "solutions" aren't solutions and are quite stupid. Also if by "them" you mean Muslims, they are already a significant minority in the states.
You're a fucking coward, of course you're willing to throw fellow innocent citizens under the bus to make you feel better.
I don't defend Islam, I defend the millions upon millions of innocent and law-abiding Muslims in the west who have nothing to do with these atrocities.
Poverty and crime are correlated, and minorities and poverty are correlated. Muslims on the US are not particularly known to be criminals on the other hand, mostly because they are richer and better educated than other minorities.
They do. The Manchester bomber was repeatedly reported by his mosque. I don't know why people act like Muslims are turning a blind eye to this
Yes fuck their hate-spreading. Unfortunately, no western leaders confront them, including so called "anti PC" leaders. It's a shit show
Don't project yourself onto the victims, coward. Not everyone is willing to deny their fellow citizens their rights out of fear.
Plenty of western Muslims don't subscribe to the views you describe
Isn't there a propanganda infiltration mission that's pretty much this?
"Mother's" is the spelling you were looking for you dipshit. Seems like you and your pal Hannity have that in common.
Yeah, all that spying on your citizens in Orwellian fashion isn't cheap.
That's not a counter to anything I just said, but the reasons why some should go to the UK is so that they don't all end up in only a few countries like Turkey and Greece, because the UK is one of the richest countries in the world with the infrastructure to care for refugees; and because the UK, along with the US and other countries who have meddled in the region's affairs, are partially to blame for the current situation, so them taking refugees is a good way to make up for it.
not a very useful answer, since 1 is too many already
That is the shittiest logic I've seen today. Fighting fire with fire doesn't work if you haven't noticed, it just burns more shit.
Funny cause witcher 3 hardly has dialogue trees, mostly a single trunk with a few twigs sticking out.
And they also believe that games weren't always sold as part of a market, but used to be "art" made for art's sake.
This is obviously very opinion-based and personal but I don't think you're giving the Andromeda characters a fair shake. Drack's character isn't just about getting old, which itself is pretty great and has no real equivalent in ME, it's also about trying to help his people in a new galaxy despite his age and the situation he's in, between a rogue clan and an Initiative officer grand-daughter. I dunno, it's just weird to consider Drack less developed than Grunt.
Keep em coming
James had been good for a few years and just exploded at the WC, makes him a galactico. Mbappe is a teenager with one fantastic season under his belt, not enough to be a galactico.
I really hope Morata stays, he's a fantastic homegrown player and I can definitely see hi playing more next year.
Javik is completely optional. He adds a slightly different perspective, but he's pretty much entirely self-contained. He doesn't give you access to more content, he doesn't further the plot. Leviathan is similar, it explains the exact origins of a Lovecraftian opponent who never really needed an origin story anyway.
Just walked through 3 different "Muslim no go zones" yesterday as they were shown on Fox. Me and a bunch of other random white people, including kids. I'm sure incidents happen sometimes, but the only reason anyone would be scared to walk through there would be if they were unusually uncomfortable around people of other races
Do you not? It's true that those Americans tend not to be fans of the sport, but they exist.
Lol let's not exaggerate
r/GateKeeping
Yeah pretty much
Not directly, but the fact is that the quality of players in the MLS is far above League 2 and above league one as well. Many of the players in it are international players, some for teams like Costa Rica and Honduras, which make it to the World Cup and sometimes the knockouts. Also, Yedlin was an MLS product that now is considered one of the best championship right backs. Either way, the suggestion that MLS is on league 2 level is completely laughable.
Well sorry bud that my examples didn't satisfy you, after all you did watch one roundup on sky, and that's a crazy amount of evidence.
Because they released one great game? Let's see how Cyberpunk comes out before we put them on a pedestal.
I would not call the first game good by any means. Good quests but crap gameplay in my opinion. And an approach to sex that seems to come out of a teenage boy's fantasy. The 2nd was pretty good but fell really short in the 3rd arc. The 3rd is fantastic. Improvement or not, they don't have enough to be considered one of the reliable bests yet for me. I am looking forward to cyberpunk though.
It's almost as if adults aren't the target audience of star wars movies, and people will almost always be partial to the trilogy they saw as children or teenagers.
Have you heard of our friends at KiA?
I've never had a nosebleed in winter but I've had many in summer. Summer can be dry and winter can be wet
When you don't drink because you believe alcohol is dangerous, but then fund the creation of and marketing of that dangerous and addictive substance, you havelost any respect I would have given you for the former. I'm not saying he should lobby for prohibition, but contributing to it directly within the market is really not appropriate in my eyes
It is when the reason you don't do it is that it caused a family tragedy and you believe it is a potentially addictive and dangerous thing. Trump can make money of fidget spinners without using them himself if he wants and that would be fine.
Has anyone bar random internet people actually mocked Barron? I've seen lots off stuff against the adult children and the first lady, but I haven't seen anti Barron.
I'm sold.
We don't know that the Sith are gone. They've been "extinct" before
What is the bleep test
He didn't ask what a straw man was, he asked you to back up your baseless claim about the OT not being used by many modern christians, including those in positions of power, when it suits them.
There are millions of Christians in Africa that likely have much more fundamentalist beliefs. I doubt it would be as high as you think
The prophecy may have been misinterpreted. "Balance to the force" makes no direct reference to the sith if I'm not mistaken. It would reference only the dark side, which is obviously still around. The sith are not the only agents of the dark side, so getting rid of them wouldn't bring balance to the force anyway.
This is fucking fantastic lol
It seems as if he has simply lost the will to live.
That's explained in the cartoon as well. Later that day, he confronts Mace Windu from afar and gets his chest force crushed, which is why he becomes weaker and coughs all the time.
That's what I like a lot about the prequels, it shows much more of the galaxy than the OT does. The largest settlements you see in the OT are Mos Eisley and Cloud City, which Lando himself describes as really small. Coruscant and Theed are a welcome change of scenery.
A much bigger minority than it seems like online.
Bastila and Revan
&gt; Iran is the real state sponsor of terror against us Lol. Yes, I'm sure Shia Iran has funded all the Sunni terrorist organizations that have attacked the west over the last 15 years. Iran actually fights and kills ISIS, the Saudis just declare war for show and don't do shit while members of the royal family funnel them funds. Iran is no superhero, but to blame them for terror against us is laughable. I usually hate this expression, but seriously, you gotta drop the kool-aid for a bit and think instead of taking the speech of your favored party officials at face value.
I'm 90% sure Rey received Jedi training as a child and forgot. Still, Maul would destroy her.
Lol
I don't think that's what happened, since it seems to me that Kylo and Rey are roughly the same age and I doubt he could have done that before being at least a teenager.
Hillary puts herself up, she practically owns the party.
No it isn't, at least not at all in the way Trump does.
The way he structured his sentence implied that the Mexicans coming over to America are mostly rapists and drug dealers, with a minority of decent people.
He didn't try to play for anything. It was an accidental trip from running too close to Alli. Yellow card and PK were in order, but a red for that is bonkers
It's obvious after seeing what happened in this game. It basically means defenders have more to fear by running close to the forward than they do by trying to tackle them
It should be a PK, absolutely. But giving a red in that situation is insane. If that's what the rules dictate, they have to be changed as soon as possible
Pretty good game, it's unfortunate that the combat mechanics are so dated.
Captain Fordo is such a badass, I wish he was still canon.
There's a bunch of love for him compared to everyone else.
I personally don't like her much because of the whole not delivering the content she promised the many people that funded her series through donations. On another note, I feel like that COD sub might be the most immature sub I've seen on reddit.
You realize the KKK lynched people for decades, and had members in local governments that enacted policy to oppress black people for about 100 years after the end of slavery. How is that at all similar to BLM?
The people saying stuff like this don't give a shit about Western Values, they're just full blown tribal assholes. They hear about an attack by terrorist pieces of crap and all they see is "brown people attack white people" or "Muslims attack Christians" or whatever their specific demarcation line is. Then, retaliation against the whole group is justified in their eyes. I've seen some redditors call for the use of profiling to selectively strip Muslims of either their civil rights or their citizenships.
You are so embarrassingly wrong I don't know what to say. Seriously, how the fuck can you even say that Algerians have no connection to the history of France without being a troll. 60 years ago, Algerian was the same as Corsica as far as France was concerned, and people born there were French citizens and French was the language they spoke along with Arabic. I'm not gonna point out anymore of the bullshit you just said, but you either need to educate yourself seriously, not through bullshit rightwing nativist websites, or just stop talking about things you do not understand at all.
&gt; I definitely don't know my history Good that you acknowledge it. There are millions of French people of Maghreban descent that are no less French than those that are not. Same goes in Britain.
&gt; If you have a dollar to your name (literally, which applies to nobody) You realize that there are many people like this, right?
No way, Sanders is center left in most of Europe.
I don't see at all how this is arguing against what I said, nor how it backs up the tribalism I talked about. I do agree with your sentiment though, there is a moral dilemma between freedom of religion of the parents and that of the children. I really don't see what the solution would be. That problem is one that applies to all religions.
I like the sport. Drama doesn't need controversy to exist.
For 2 World Cups, and then the fucking Qatar controversy made FIFA grant Fox a 3rd World Cup contract in a row on the house. You won't get non-Fox coverage for a World Cup in America until 2030 at the earliest.
I'm guessing it also works for penalties.
Jesus you are an embarrassment to whatever Western country you claim to be defending and to its values.
Another reason to hate Arsenal
It's tribal bullshit, with innocents as the victims.
Yes, we have individual responsibility. Fuck the tribal rhetoric. Muslims in the West trying to live their lives are not to blame for crazies blowing people up. White men everywhere are not to blame for assholes running over people outside of mosques. If you see someone you know turn radical, whether it's a young man in your mosque or a middle-aged man at your Cracker Barrel, report them to the authorities.
Example of what? People attacking those who look like their enemies? This event, apparently.
Because metropolitan cities have people speaking different languages. I've heard 4 different languages spoken on a single street many times.
They're pretty removed from the western concept of left and right, but if we have to label them they would be far right, absolutely.
Freedom of religion is a basic tenet of the West, we are not discarding it.
Ok? Is everyone of their members an extremist? Are they all waging Jihad? If not, this attack is a stab in the dark, putting innocents at risk of death in the hope of catching a jihadist.
Are you seriously excusing his actions?
You never clarified what you were asking for.
People that don't look like me are spooooky. Your ideas are insane and shameful, completely opposite to western values.
That point is obvious since season 1.
I saw it as more like "David Villa vs the world" until the semis, where the rest of the team finally started playing like champions
Everything is bad writing according to reddit.
That's up to the University. They decided that yes
I haven't, and he's not in my opinion.
lmao it's crazy to be in such denial
Yes it does.
The EU is not entirely undemocratic, stop spreading nonsense like that
I didn't realize the expression wasn't used throughout the Francophone world, but yeah it definitely is a thing.
Not all of Florida is full of religious nutcases, only South Georgia is
32 Celsius, mais l'humidité donne la sensation de 40 C. Heureusement les States ont la clim.
No shit, if the club legend started winning big, the "haters" would come around, but the issue is that he isn't and more importantly that it appears that he no longer has the ability to.
Sometimes I wonder: had his character design been used instead of Vader's in the original movie in 77, would Darth Maul be more or less [iconic](https://imgur.com/a/vnDhP) than Vader is.
Mustafar is pretty iconic and was pretty good visually for a 2005 movie. The pod race was pretty incredible too. Luke fighting Vader in the dark on Cloud City. The most recent but probably the best visually in my opinion is Vader in Rogue One.
Man I really wish there was an interactive galaxy map.
I started playing CK2 years after release and bought DLCs 2 at a time every time there was a sale. These games are for the most part single player, you don't need all the DLC at once
Seriously, fucking pissed me off. I used to see whether or not the DLCs were well received to help me decide whether or not to buy them, but now all the scores are skewed by copy pasted "consumer advocacy" reviews. These are just video games, this is for fun.
A military alliance can be broken relatively easily. An integrated continental economy cannot. The EU is the guarantee against intra European war
We've come full circle
It definitely is a bit intimidating, but I honestly do not think it's as big of a problem as it's made out to be online.
Don't know what your name policy is, but I think it would be good if you romanized Eren's mom's name to "Carla" instead of keeping the Japanese version.
That works one way, Germany has no nukes to prevent a French invasion. Nukes help, but not much in this scenario.
I mean it's a bit similar to you with regards to eating, drinking, sleeping, having sex etc. Innate behaviors or goals does not mean you aren't sentient. Likewise, the Reapers are programmed to solve the issue identified by the Leviathans. They could not do it I guess, just like you could starve yourself. But why would they?
Yup, played 2 before 1 because I misread the title and thought it was an expansion. Undermined the story of 1 for sure.
If it meant not getting a plot that copies A New Hope, then yeah. But I would rather a different story than either, one where the ~~rebel alliance~~ resistance doesn't exist and Leia is a politician trying to prevent the New Republic from falling into the same mistakes as the old republic all the while they fight the remnants of the Empire.
Zidane is not legendary now? Jesus Christ how can anyone upvote stuff like this.
This is exactly what he was talking about. Dempsey might have had a slightly better peak than Donovan, but he definitely was not much better and overall wasn't as good for the US as Donovan. Pulisic is already at their level and will easily eclipse them, but saying he's achieved much more than Donovan is nonsensical since Pulisic literally hasn't achieved anything with the US yet. He hasn't even played a World Cup yet.
You made me hesitate for a second so I double-checked, but it was indeed under Mitterrand. October 81
I'll consider it, thanks. The EU novels just seem so numerous it's a daunting task to get started.
Other than your edit, the only possible thing I can imagine is that Qui-Gon taught him, just like he did with Yoda, probably hoping it might get him to come back to the light. It's a stretch though.
Supporting a foreign team and supporting 5 different good teams is not at all the same.
Don't use words you don't understand
&gt; Conservatives just like different sciences, specifically the hard ones. My sides
Les arbitres vidéos peuvent faire une revue à leur discrétion ou à la demand de l'arbitre central. Si ils trouvent une erreur, ils informent l'arbitre central, qui décide s'il veux changer sa décision, regarder la vidéo lui même, ou ne rien changer.
I don't understand how you can want the refs to be imperfect. I get the appeal of imperfection, but **for the players**, not for the refs. Shots are imperfect, defensive position is imperfect, etc.. That leads to the beautiful plays we love. The ref's imperfection, if anything, covers up that of the players. Danilo kept Messi onside, showing how a small mistake can lose you the game? No worries, it was a close call and the AR guessed wrong, no goal, despite the millions of people at home who can see that it was correct.
I found that Geralt became more likeable with every entry in the franchise. He's still pretty rough around the edges though, dunno if you'll like him.
I'd recommend skipping 1 and playing 2.
Because we finally have a way to enforce the rule as it is with VAR, we don't have to change it.
Yes, and I liked most of the questing, but the gameplay was horrible, and Geralt's sexual escapades seemed like they were straight out of a 13 year old's fantasy, complete with collectible "sex cards". After 10 hours I realized playing was a complete chore to me, so I watched a summary and played 2, which was actually fun.
I mean if it's free I'd recommend you try it out, but yeah I wouldn't go in expecting much.
Each game's storyline is pretty much self contained, it's only really the characters that you should now about before you play the 3rd. I'd recommend playing 2 if you can, that will give you pretty much all you need for 3. If not, watch a video about it.
The combat was old by the time I'd finished the tutorial. I had to trudge through it to get through the story.
I think you ought to watch them by episode order, so starting with Phantom Menace and ending with Force Awakens. After that, watch Rogue One
He's a sith. The sith do whatever they want as long as they have the power to back it up. Vader is much weaker than the emperor, so he can't.
The pod race looks and sounds great. And it showed us a new facet of the Star Wars universe, which is always welcome.
Goes both ways, 4-6 spoils the storyline of Anakin and of the jedi.
The twist about the Jedi purge and the birth of Vader is spoiled if you don't watch it 1-6. Something big is spoiled either way.
Because we meme about it doesn't mean we don't like it or we think it's bad. Admiral Ackbar has been a meme for years before prequel memes were a thing.
The only gritty part of the OT is the end of Empire. It is not at all a series made for adults or older teens, though it can of course be enjoyed by them as well.
To each their own of course, their opinion is valid, but I feel like many people who don't like it are those who saw the OT as kids and then expected the series to grow up with them and always cater to them. I've seen a few commenters here and there saying that if they were the ones making episode 7, they'd have made it darker, even possibly rated R. Star Wars movies are primarily for kids and young teens, you have to keep that in mind while watching them.
To you maybe, not to me. There's hardly a line in star wars that can't be memefied. I've seen a couple about the Emperor's "you will pay for your lack of vision" for example.
Yeah. X-Wings, TIE Fighters, the ~~rebels~~ resistance, the First Order. 30 years later, and nothing seems to have changed. The one new thing (the New Republic) gets blown up by Death Star the 3rd before we get to see it. Episode VIII better diverge or the ST will be a lost cause in my eyes.
Exactly, that's why I am a proponent of chronological order for first time viewers.
KOTOR 2's ending was so abrupt I felt like I fell off a cliff. The rest of the game might have been a bit better than the 1st, but that ending puts it well below the standard of the first.
I don't really recall a single important character who wasn't a dick, self-serving, or manipulative. Except Zoltan.
No dude, Vader lost too much force potential when he lost his limbs. Sidous was always more powerful than him.
As others have said, I'd recommend starting with Episode I, The Phantom Menace. Some will tell you it's better to do Machete Order, or just to start with the OT, but the truth of the matter is Episode IV has huge spoilers regarding Episodes I-III as exposition. Go I-VII, then watch Rogue One.
The Prequels are not subsidiary to the OT, they are all on even ground. More gets spoiled if you watch the OT first, which can take a lot of the tension out of the prequels, Episode II and III especially.
Sounded Portuguese to me
Yup, and it's the same for many other Portuguese or Brazilian players
Yeah
Were you balled or something?
I don't at all have a problem with girls having a bigger part in star wars, but this sneak peek just confused me. I think I saw Padmé, Leia, and Rey, but their stories are spread over like 60 years. What is this about? Is this an anthology of the adventures of Star Wars's female heroines? Or are the parts in the PT and OT flashbacks? Edit: Just read the youtube description. It is an anthology, which makes a lot of sense. I wonder how they'll frame it.
That's a really good idea in my opinion, despite what many on this sub will tell you. Keep doing that, they're numbered the way they are for a reason. I don't have a real favorite main character, I like them all, but my favorite Jedi is Kit Fisto. He's got no lines but you see him a fair amount in the background in starting in episode 2. He's the green one with tentacles on his head.
Jedi of the month
Saberstaff can't melt valyrian steel.
I feel 0 guilt about it personally, but it is something to be recognized and talked about
You'd be surprised at what many school districts omit from their curricula
Rewatch the scene in TPM, that isn't what Qui Gon Jin says. He says that the Force speaks through them, not that the Force is their voice.
I know a couple people who told me they weren't tought about that, or at least not appropriately. I've seen accounts on reddit of people saying that they didn't learn it in school. This is a comments section, not a dissertation. I don't have numbers, just my experience
